Kind: captions Language: en Hi, welcome to Expert Boxing. This is Nancy Garcia. I'm the 2019 state Golden Gloves champ. I was also the USA National Golden Gloves runner-up champ. And I want to go over a few things on how to defend and counter against a jab. So, we're both in our fighting stance. Hands are up. Johnny's going to throw a jab at me. I'm going to catch it. Okay. So, I'm catching on the same side that he's throwing his jab. So, I'm using it with my right hand, catching the punch right here. Okay. You can also parry. So, he's going to throw his jab. I'm going to deflect his punch and I'm going to step off to the side creating an angle. All right. So again, first one is a catch. Second one's a parry where you hit their hand and push it away from your body. All right. You can also slip a jab. Hands are going to be up. When I slip, I like to lean forward taking my head off the center line right here. This will leave me in position to either roll underneath his jab, throw a hook, or I can uh if I'm here, I can throw across to the head. There's a number of things that you can do, but either way, if you're going to slip, hands are up, you throw the jab, I move my head off the center line, and then you're in position to attack, right? Another one is you can do a counter. So, you can catch the punch and throw a counter jab. So, he's throwing his jab at me. I'm going to catch it and I'm going to throw my jab right back to him. Okay? Again, throw his jab. Okay? I can go to the body. Okay? Just kind of stop the punch from hitting you and then create your angle. throw your punch in there. All right, different angle here. Same thing. I'm gonna catch, throw my jab. Boom. Right here. Again. Also, if I wanted to slip his jab from this angle, I'm just right here. And if I want to parry, I'm going to side step and push his jab away from my face. Also, if he's going to if I'm going to catch, I can also go to his body. So, I'm going to catch it here and I'm going to work my way down here. Okay. So, I step in again, stopping the punch, and then going to the body. Another one, if you just don't even want to bother with catching, slipping, um you can just use your feet. Your feet is also part of your defense. All right, so if he were to throw his jab at me, I'm going to go to my left. All right, so I'm going to throw my left and then from here, I can throw my hook. All right, so I'm stepping off to the side, going to the head, or I can even go to his body right here. All right, that's all I have for you as far as the slips, uh, catching punches, pairing, um, doing a defense and a counter move. Uh, thanks for watching. Again, this is Nancy Garcia. Um, if you want to follow me, I'm on Instagram, nancy_garcia.tx. TX.