Kind: captions Language: en John from X of Boxing will the power coics out of Power Boxing Fitness West Chicago. Today's video I want to talk about my favorite sparring development tips. So these are just little technical tips that I love to do. There are many tips. I have like 50 of them and I recommend different tips for different people, but for today we have these three. So the first thing I'm going to talk about is when I'm sparring, I love to use different jabs. I have a variety of different jabs. So, for example, I might have just like just a just a tap, right? You can even see my vibe. I'm just tapping, tapping, tapping. You see the bouncing my toes. Other times, what I have is a more like a more penetrating jab. Right? And you see I'm stepping in. I got that. Another times I have up jab. So, you're going to see here. Regular regular up. Regular up. Okay. I have that. Sometimes too, I might have my arm a little further out and it's just kind it's just kind of a pawing jab, jab, up, jab, touching, touching, boom, and I penetrate. So, I try to always have a variety of different jabs. And as you fight different opponents, you may find that you're going to have weirder stuff. You have to do different things. So, for example, if I'm fighting a southpaw, he's going to be a southpaw right now. Sometimes I have like a higher elbow. Like maybe with a with a regular right-hand opponent, I might have it more down here, but sometimes with the southpaw, I feel like my elbow needs to be higher. So, you're going to see what I'm doing. I'm already starting to You see the elbow's already coming up. I'm not doing this. I'm starting to do this, right? And I'm waiting for him to kind of jab down at me, right? And you see I lift. So, this is kind of maybe technically wrong. We wouldn't be punching like this. You don't train like this. But sometimes against different opponents, you got to add a little variety and you have to do different things to get the shot in. Okay. Second thing I like to do is I try not to go back. So, I'm going to go to this side. I think this is actually No, no, I'll be over here. This is a common thing that many fighters like to do in sparring. They just back step all the time after a combo. They go back right there. They go in and they go back in. I don't have a problem if you move after firing. That's smart. But what I think is better is if you just use any movement you can except for going back. So, for example, I might uh I'm I'm going to go I'm going to give this angle right here. Let's put put you up all the way up there. See? So, so instead of going back, I go to my right. Bum bum bum. And I walk to the right. Or boom. And I walk to the left. Okay? Or boom. Just find a way to go any direction but back. Get get that out of your habit. And also too, uh get that out of the when you're hitting the heavy bag, don't go back after your punches. Try find any way like step to the side, step the other side, pivot, wait for the bag to come at you, pivot, turn some other way. The last tip I like to use is I try to square up a little more. So yes, sometimes when we're fighting, and I'm going to give this diagonal right now. Sometimes when we're fighting, it's nice to be like more bladed, more sideways. But there are times, too, if you stand sideways, you just have more opportunities. For example, if I'm sideways, let's say he does something, I can I I have more of a pivoting opportunity. Or once again, sideways and I can run this way. So here I'm more sideways. I It's easier for me to run out to the right. I can just do like I'm going to show you guys the angle from up here. If I'm a little more sideways, I have just different punching angles. I have different movement angles. I can also step. You see from here, if I'm a little more squared up, I can step like this. I'm back in a regular position. Whereas, if I'm always sideways like this, it just feels like all I can do is go back or maybe I can kind of back step this way. But I just feel like there's just different angles. And also from here, you can duck down, come up, slip one way or another way, and you just find new angles. So, those are the three things I like to do. Different variety of jabs. Try to find a way where you don't go back after your punches. Stay still. Move a different way. And then also try to find angles where you square up a little more, right? Because it gives you different positions, different variety of things to do. And with that, you discover new tactics, new techniques. Once again, I'm John from Exo Boxing. Will from Power Boxing and Fitness out of West Chicago. We'll see you guys on the next