Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Xbook Boxing. Right now, I'm going to show you guys how to breathe for explosive punches. And this technique will not only work for explosive punches, but any movement where you want explosive movement, whether it's a slip or footwork or a punch, this is how you breathe for it. Uh explosive breathing, you know, you may have seen the you may have heard the the sound before. Guiders do the the fighters go, right? When they make that shh sound, many people think the sound is the sound happens because I'm going sh, right? Like I'm telling somebody to be quiet like sh. It's not that. It's not because the the sound doesn't come because I push air. The sound happens because I stop the air. So imagine if I'm going sh and then I stop it, right? It's going to sound like this sh, right? So you hear that sound. Some guys stop the sound at their throat. Some guys stop the sound at their stomach or at their chest somewhere. Um, stopping it with your lips. Maybe maybe that's not the most explosive. I would say in the throat or in the stomach. So, it's about stopping the air. So, right. Okay. It's not because I'm going, it's because I'm stopping the sound like imagine air is escaping and then I stop it. When I stop that sound, it's like there's a internal explosion going on in my in my breathing in my body. So I feel like right that's that's how you breathe for the explosive movement. Again, it's not that I'm going in and out and in and out. I'm not going it's exhaling and stopping. Exhaling and stopping. I'm stopping it inside. Now, if I want to throw a five punch combination with explosive power, I'm going to have one breath and I'm going to stop it five times. Okay, I don't know how many punches. Maybe that's more than five, right? So, um it's one breath. I'm not going. It's not that. And it's also not it's it's not five pushes. One push, five stops. That's how you you make things explosive and that's how you get more speed. Okay. Right. That way you feel like one movement can affect five times. Or else if I if I make five breath, five exhalations, it's it's like I have to make a new movement like right now one movement five times. Sh. So, I hope you get it. It's kind of tricky. The main thing is the the sound that that that explosive breathing sound comes from the stop because you're stopping the air, not because you're pushing the air. The next tip is that you exhale once. So, one exhalation, you can stop it 30 times for 30 explosive movements. So, I'm going to breathe in Okay, I don't have to breathe in so much. It doesn't take that much air if I keep stopping the movement and I use very little air so I don't get winded. I don't run out of gas. Just very small amount of air. It's like a I keep stopping the escape of the air. uh might be a tricky concept for new fighters, but once you get it, very helpful, make you faster, more explosive, save energy, and um it also keeps your mouth closed. By the way, I'm not opening my jaw. I'm not going ha. Okay, my teeth can be closed. I'm releasing air through my lips, through my mouth, and then stopping the air inside. I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Check out my website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Also subscribe to my channel, my YouTube channel, Expert Boxing.