Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to break down some exercises, uh, great exercises for developing your chest and shoulder muscles for boxing. First exercise, shadow boxing. Uh, I normally do it without gloves, by the way. I usually shadow box just hands or hand reps. Shadow boxing is great for coordination and balance, okay? Because even though you're working your upper body, you're working your upper body together with your lower body. Everything works together and you're coordinating it together. So that's the thing. Boxing is a skill movement. It's not about raw raw strength and speed and power. Although, you know, you need that too, but really you need the coordination first. And so most people uh a lot of guys they use, you know, they use weights or something, but when you use weights, you're laying down. You don't even use your legs. It's just upper body. upper body works independently of the lower body that it's not as it's not as effective. Try to start using it, putting them together, especially for a beginner fighter. Beginner fighters have no coordination. The the hands are fast and the feet are slow or or they're too much up top and they they're swinging off balance. So, you need shadow boxing for that coordination and balance. Okay? And with that coordination comes speed, comes power, comes balance, comes all that precision and and gives you the skill to really control your body to move it wherever you need because not everything is perfectly in the middle. Sometimes, you know, you're slightly off. So, you need that. Um, I especially like the bounce because whatever energy you send out, you have to pull back, right? So, beautiful workout. Do your shadow boxing. Highly recommend. Second exercise, speed bag. I love the speed bag for well, first off the speed, but really it's that flow, okay? That circular flow of energy and that constant rhythm. This will later give you efficiency. It gives you flow, gives you quickness, makes you slick, makes your punches swift, fast, powerful, all that. You really need to do that. Okay? Uh most people don't have a circular flow. They kind of the way they punch is very linear. You know, they punch like that. It's like straight, straight, straight, straight. What you want is to have a little more, you know, to have a little more of this. Yes, the punch is straight, but you really want this kind of energy. This kind of flow allows you to have one constantly looping energy that affects your opponent multiple times rather than you have to constantly keep regenerating new energy. You know, that's very tiring. So learning how to use this flow and learning how to use that rhythm. That's what gives you the efficiency because you you have a constant rhythm constantly moving and then in the fight you always have this you know you you always have a constant rhythm going as opposed to just being here and then that and then here that you know you you if you have flow and you have efficiency you can throw more punches and you'll be less tired because you're using one energy and keep recirculating it. Whereas the other guys, he throws a punch, then he's completely still, then nothing circulates, nothing flows, and then he has to generate new energy again. So very important. Uh third one, jump rope. I love the jump rope because, well, again, circular range of motion, you know, use everything. It's if you if if you just lift weights or you just do like a certain isolated type of a strength or resistance exercise, you end up you end up picking the range of motion where you're you're most comfortable at. You know, you you end up picking your strongest range of motion. Maybe it's here, maybe it's here, maybe it's there. You know, even if I go on a bench press and I incline and flat and decline, that's still only three ranges. You want a full circular range. So, I love jump roping cuz it gives you all this range of motion. really gets your muscles to move throughout the entire range. Second reason, great cardio. Third reason, coordinates everything with your lower body. And when I say coordinated, I mean everything moves together and it's synchronized. You have to be mentally coordinated as well to to get over to clear the rope. So, do that. Uh, great exercise. Um, last one, push-ups. If you need some strength building, push-ups are great. You know, do it like this, like this, like this, this, this. Move it around. to test yourself from all different ranges. Push-ups are a great exercise for building strength. And um if you can do 200, 300, 500 push-ups, that's great. You know, I prefer that to having a 500 lb bench press. You know, most of the fight is going to be a lot of uh endurance movement, a lot of repetitive movement. It's not like you go to the fight and it's one big push and you're done. It's really just a bunch of quick little pushes and then you use the skill and the coordination and the quality of movement to to give a lot of power with little effort. So, uh, basically, uh, those are my four favorite exercises for chest and shoulder development for fighting. I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.