Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you guys about the deadliest punches in boxing. These are the punches most likely to cause a knockout during a fight. And there's two of them. The two deadliest punches in boxing are the right cross and the left hook. And to be more clear, it's the right cross exchange. It's when two guys trade a right hand. And then also the left hook exchange. It's when two guys trade a left hook at the same time. Let's talk about how it happens. right hand exchange. Usually what it is is you have one guy who's uh let's say he's throwing a combination. He wants to throw his right hand and you see this right here. He's preparing the right hand and the head is turned a little bit and then when he's throwing his right hand his head turns into the punch. So as his head is turning into the punch, that means his body momentum is going into the punch. Sending his head into it. And then when he sends his head into it, the other guy on the other side is throwing a right hand right into his face. So what happens is you have a guy who's turning his head into the right hand and boom boom, he gets hit by the counter, right? And it's so much uh impact on the jaw and the head that that it produces a knockout. Vice versa on the opposite side. Same thing for the left hook. You have a guy who's here. He's committing his head. He's he's let's say he's in the middle of exchange. He's throwing punches and here he goes and guess what? As he's sending it in, he gets caught with the counter hook and boom, his head turns like that. And I'm sure you've seen this before and you're watching knockout videos on YouTube. So, how do you produce this kind of knockout? There's two things. One is try to catch your opponent's head when he's turning. Okay? Look for his head when when he's about to throw the right hand. Look to see if you can catch him uh turning away. So, he turns right right before. So, it's not just cocking the hand. It's like he's cocking his face. He's cocking his head. He his head, comes in with the head. There you go. So, look for it. He his head and right as he's throwing his, you throw yours at the same time you get there first. Same thing with this left hook. You see a guy uh he's here and you you see you see how the he's pulling his head with the punch. Catch him. He's pulling his head with the left hook. So, same thing. So, let's say you're you're in front of me. I'm the opponent and here's my left hand. Throw yours at the same time. Boom. and you will catch him. So, look for it. Look for that turning head. Look for that turning head and time it. Again, this is a trait. This is what produces the knockout. This is what does the most damage when both of you are throwing the punch at the same time. You know, there's his force, his body force, power that's uh coming into the punch and then your power that's coming to the punch. Two things colliding, there's more force. It's going to produce that knockout. What What are some things you should look for? Okay, so the timing. Let's talk about the timing. Don't be in a rush to land a shot. Don't just like you see an opening and no, don't do that. Wait, go with the rhythm. Boom. Okay, let's pretend he does a U one, two, or one, two. He goes or one, two. So, what you do is you slip the jab, you you do a one, two as well. He does one, two, you go one, two, or one, two. Go at the same rhythm. Don't try to rush it. Don't go Like, no, don't do that because he has to wait for him to come into the punch, match the rhythm. One, two, one, two. What I do when I'm looking for this kind of knockup punch, I mean, I'm staring at him dead on. I'm watching that jaw. I'm here and I'm just one and I come right in, right? As right as he's turning into it, I I land the counter. Same thing with the left hook. Let's say he's throwing um two three, right? Two, three. You're going to slip his right hand. Throw your counter hook at the same time. So, don't just slip the right hand and do that. Don't be in a rush. Bounce. Go with it. Slip and watch for his chin. Boom. Same time. You try. Slip. Watch for my chin. Boom. Okay. Hit the same time. Hit the same time. Now, you know on the opposite end, on the other side of the equation, if you don't want to be the one getting knocked out, then you need to do two things. One is you need to watch your head. the rotation in your head. Be careful that that you're not pulling your head because when you when you anytime that you turn away and turn back, man, you're you're asking for it. Same thing with your hook. If you're if you're pulling your head on the on the hook, dangerous. Watch out for that. Second thing is try to see if you can set up your your position. Don't don't change weight too much. Don't shift weight. Many beginners, they're taught to swing here, shift weight, shift weight. You see how my head is moving? I'm exaggerating just for you to see, but they kind of like shift to the one to the right foot, shift to the left foot, shift. Many pros um they don't shift all the way all the time. They might shift to the front foot and then they stay up here. So So they shift here and then they they just kind of stay here. You don't see their head rip all the way forward and back and forward and back and then other time they shift here to that and they kind of they kind of stay here but they don't drag their head over every punch and can but if you're not careful you might be turning your head in into a counter shot. So there you go. Those are the two deadliest punches in boxing. You know the punch, you know the timing. Work on it. Learn how to see the opportunity. When you see the opponent's head, you know, you know he's he's doing this. Wait, and then throw your counter left hook at the same time. Throw your counter right at the same time and knock him out. I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. You like this video, leave a comment. Uh like the video. Also, subscribe to my channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.