Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you about head movement strategy. So, this means strategically positioning your head and moving your head to spots to allow you to be more defensive and more offensive. Okay? Mainly offensive. Your head always has two positions. Wherever Wherever it is, it will have to move from. So, if my head is tall and I want to avoid a shot, I probably have to go down. If my head is down here and I want to avoid, I probably have to go up. If I'm here, I'll probably have to slip this way. If I'm here, I have to slip this way. Wherever it is, I will have to move it from. Keep this in mind. For example, if I want to roll under a shot, I don't stay low and then go even lower. This is very uncomfortable. Hard for me to move from, hard for me to counter from. If I want to roll under a shot, then maybe I'll stay high and then and I roll under and then I fire the counter. You have to think that your head always has two positions. The first position is where you want to punch from. The second position is what you the position that that sets it up. So, first decide what punch do you want to throw. Do I want to throw a right hand from here? Do I want to throw a left hook from here? If I want to throw a right hand from here, then I do not set up with my head right here. This won't work because the moment he punches, I have to slip here and now I've lost that angle. Or I have to slip here. Now I've lost that angle. If I want to throw from here, then I don't set from here. I set maybe from here. And then I come in and boom. Or maybe I set from here. I pull up. Boom. Let me show you side angle. Maybe I'm a little bit forward. I've set to my my the position I wanted. And from here, boom. So this is like Mayweather's pull counter right here. He's forward. He's back. How do you set up the punch? There's two ways. One way is I wait here. Let's say I want to left hook to the body. Okay, this is where I want to punch from. So maybe I wait here, slip in, right? Second way is I jab my way in. Jab, right? Or let's say I want to throw right hand from here. Maybe from here, step in. Boom. Right hand. Okay. Or jab my way in. Jab. Boom. So use the jab to set up. So maybe I might wait out here. Wait out here. And then when I jab, I I come into position with the jab, then fire. I don't wait from here. I wait from here. Boom. Perfect fire. Or maybe I'm here. Use the jab to set up. All right. Or here. Boom. Perfect fire. Use the jab to put you in punching position. So if you're here, jab in perfect position. Whatever. Any position. Boom. Here's a position I wanted. That's the punch I wanted. Right? Or here. And let's say instead of me jabbing into position, he attacks. So now I slip to position then throw the punch I want. So use the jab to set up your your next shot or or or use the defensive movement to set up your next shot. There's always a place that you want to punch from and then there's a place that you use to to bait for the shot. If you stand in your punching position where you want to punch from, you're going to be forced off. The moment you slip now I I've lost my angle or I slip now I've lost my angle. If I want to punch from here, I have to be back here, then slip into here, then fire. Or maybe you want to punch down here. Maybe you want to punch. Doesn't matter. Just just know that there's two possible positions. And the goal of boxing head movement strategy is to make you more offensive. The point of moving around is so you can get into a position to attack. It's not just defense. If you think of head movement as just defense, you're going to be stuck. You're going to be running all day. And then what happens is you start doing moves like this where you can't punch from here or you can't punch from here, can't punch from here. You start doing these kind of things. But if you're always thinking about moving your head to a position where you can punch, then that will open new doors for you. That will make you more defensive, more offensive, make you a more dangerous fighter in the ring. I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.