Kind: captions Language: en It's Johnny from and you know who I am. We're one day out before the huge super pound-for-pound boxing mega match up between Canelo and Crawford tomorrow night. And this is going to be my final final fight predictions where I answer a couple key questions. The first one being, is Crawford big enough? And I would say yes in terms of size, in terms of length. He looks huge. He looks cut. He's ripped. It's not fat. And that would explain the sudden shift in betting odds where Crawford was previously a plus 200 underdog. Now he's only plus 145. But I would say no. Crawford is still not big enough in size in terms of experience. Canelo's had experience fighting much bigger fighters his whole career and even when he fought someone too big in Bolo he was able to take Bivvol's punches which are still strong enough to get Bertv's respect whereas Crawford took on a much smaller Madroff and he seemed affected so I don't think Crawford's big enough still there's also the thing about the weight being uh I wonder if Crawford's added weight is due to age or bulk and both look bad. Um, that means his body's aging, his metabolism is not there, he's not as quick, he's not as fast, not as explosive, or he's bulking up and doing weights and trying to eat his way up. That's definitely going to affect his speed, his activity, most importantly, his footwork. Speed and activity. We saw he had a massive drop off in the Madrimoth fight. He looked kind of slow. He looked kind of flat. He also didn't have the same amazing footwork he's had before. And footwork, I think, is going to be the hugest factor here. The two guys that gave Canelo boxing problems recently, um, Saunders and Bivo, both had amazing footwork. I don't think Crawford will have that. Last, uh, the age and activity is also bad for Crawford. When Leonard Haggler, uh, when Leonard beat Haggler, he was two years younger and he only went up one weight class. When Canelo beat Kovalev, he was seven years younger. Now we got Crawford being two years older, climbing three weight classes. I just don't see it. Can it be done? Uh, with everything I see now, I feel Crawford's chances of winning have gone down even further. I think Canelo has a higher chance of stopping Crawford. And I feel bad because I'm a big fan of both fighters. I would be super happy for Crawford if he wins, but I just don't see it. I think even a 70% Canelo beats Crawford. So, I got Canelo by stoppage in 10 rounds. Crawford goes flat and throws nothing back.