Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you guys about being flexible in your boxing technique and the way that you learn boxing technique, the way that you approach learning this uh art of boxing, the sweet science. If you want to be a great fighter, you have to be flexible. You have to understand all the different techniques, read between the lines, learn how they work, and then break the rules to your advantage. My theory is you have to learn everything. Everything. Every way, every technique, every method. You know, there's so many different styles. And not just the word style, but there's so many different ways to do something. Okay? Floyd Mayweather does it like this. Mike Tyson does it like this. Soand so does it like this. Learn all the different methods. Okay? Just because you're taught one way, one way to throw the jab, doesn't mean you throw the jab the same way every time. No, you got to be flexible. You have to adapt. It depends on the situation. If you're getting countered when you throw a jab like this all the time, then you need to throw a jab differently. You need to do something differently. So, change it up. Mix it up. Don't just be limited in your thinking and always have this idea that like, oh, so and so taught me this. This is the best way. You know, get that out of your head. There's no such thing as the best way. They're just best ideas in certain situations. And in a fight, you're not always in the same situation every time. You know, you might not always have your your right hand like this. You might have it like this or you might have it like this or or whatever. There's so many different places to be. A fight is flexible. So to to be so limited and and one track minded and say this is the only way to do it is wrong. Okay. Learn every style, learn every method and not just learn every method but learn how and when and why uh every method is useful. And you know, keep in mind that even the great champions, even when they fought, they don't do the same thing every time. You could see them changing up their technique. You could see the Floyd Mayweather is not always shoulder roll. No. Sometimes he blocks. Sometimes he goes like this. Sometimes he he parries down. Okay? Not everybody has the same position, the same stance, the same movement, the same technique all the time. So keep that in mind. Change it up, mix it up, learn everything. Have respect for all the details and fine arts of the sweet signs and use that to your advantage. I'm John from Expert Boxing. If you like this video, leave a comment or subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my website expertboxing.com for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.