Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing and right now I'm going to do a review on the Gil Mexican Boxing Gloves. So, um, if you don't know about the Gil brand, the Gil brand is basically a successor to the Zeppo brand. Um, if you don't know the Zeppo brand, it is a classic, a longtime old school brand, uh, old school Mexican boxing glove brand. So, uh, if you don't know the grandfather, the the original maker, he passed away. his son made his own Mexican boxing brand called Classics. Uh, and then I don't know I don't know if Classics is somehow related to Campion like a stepson. Anyway, I'm messing up the story. I don't want to tell you guys the wrong thing, but Zeppelon son went and started classics. His own brand. He did his own boxing gloves. And then Gil, Roberto Gil is, I believe like maybe a stepson or like married a in-law or in-law of somebody who works for uh for Zeppel. So now, Roberto Gil, he didn't learn how to make gloves directly from Zeppo, the the the owner, the original owner, but he worked for the factory and he made gloves for them. He learned from somebody, you know, who learned from the original and he made gloves for them. And then when the Zeppo brand, you know, when the the owner passed on it, the I think Zeo brand is still continuing to be made by like by the daughter or the the granddaughter, somebody, the granddaughter, another son. But Gil, he went on to make his own brand of gloves, and they're very much in the same typical Zeppo fashion. If you ask me, now I've never owned an actual pair of Zeppo gloves, but I can look at the photos and just kind of analyze. I think Gu's craftsmanship is maybe even better. Maybe he's putting a little more work because he's trying to make his brand better. Um, there's double stitching. Zepo was notoriously known for single stitching. It's double stitching. Everything else, the shape, the design is very much the same. They are very stylish gloves, you guys. Like you have to see it in person to really appreciate it. They have the ribbon laces, right? Not the typical shoestring laces. They have the big thick ribbon laces. It's very stylish. I love this color. What about the feel? Okay, so the feel in typical Mexican fashion, they're a little bit stiff and on the inside lining is a little bit rough. It's like sticking your hand into crusty old cardboard. Okay. I don't know. Makes you feel manly. Okay. The the c the padding padding is stiff, man. Maybe maybe Zo padding. I heard was soft. But gill padding is it's a little stiff. It's like a thick latex. It's dense latex. Not that thick. Okay. It's not like a big pillowy like a Pakistan glove. Pakistan gloves are very pillowy. I'll show you an example right here. Believe it or not, this is a 14 oz Pakistan glove. This 16oz Gil glove. So, you can see it's a completely different vibe, right? You can see the totally different vibe in the padding. Um, this feels like a box, looks like a box, and you know, it has like a like a mid-century modern design. Any of you guys know what that means. Um, how's the punch? Very stiff, solid punch. I would not be sparring with these. Hitting the heavy bag, okay, it's fine. You got to hand problems like me, these are probably not the best gloves for that. But are they quality? Are they made well? Are they made to last? Yes. Are they beautiful? Yes. Are they a collector's item? If you love boxing gloves, you love boxing. I think you have to buy a pair of Gil gloves just for the style alone. I'm not superficial like that, but these really are works of art. They've got different colors and I don't know, man. It's just uh I [snorts] don't know. Buy a pair and you'll see what I mean. Uh the quality is made. The padding is good around the wrist support is good. Piping is rolled. Anyways, I'm John from Expert Boxing. If you like this video, subscribe to my YouTube channel. Check out my website, expertboxing.com. Thanks for watching.