Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing and right now I'm going to show you guys how to choose the right boxing headgear size for you. So, first off, um, if you've ever gone to a, you know, a boxing shop, a fight gear shop, you know, a MMA store, and you're trying to buy your first boxing head gear, I know I was there. So, the first thing you're gonna that's going to happen is you're going to look at all the different headgear, and they're all going to look cool. And I I tell you this, it's going to feel like maybe all of them feel good to you, right? You'll try this one and because it looks cool, it feels good. You'll try another one, it looks cool, it feels cool. And then it isn't until you bring it home and that you fight with it for even like a week and you realize actually this is a piece of crap. Feels like crap. It's loose. Doesn't fit right. Doesn't feel good. Doesn't feel secure. And by then it's too late to return it. So I'll show you some tips right now to avoid that pain. Right. So, the first thing uh that you want to do is it doesn't matter what kind you get. If you want the uh the cheeks, right? They have the cheeks kind or the face bar kind or they sometimes say face saver. Okay. They also have the open face ones. Just imagine this like a cheeks headgear, but imagine there's no cheeks. So, imagine it's a huge open face. Now, if you're watching this video, you're buying your first headgear or you don't have like 5 years fighting experience. I don't I don't recommend the uh the open face, super thin, you know, international competition ones, right? Those are for the experienced guys. They know what they're doing and it's for competition. In hard in sparring, you want a heavy duty head gear that can take the shots, right? Keep your brain safe, keep you safe and and enjoying boxing and the life after boxing. So, first thing you do, you want to choose between the cheeks or face bar. Um, very simple. If your nose, if you got like a European nose, you have a nose bridge. I don't really have much of one, but if you have a nose bridge, your nose can be broken, then you have no choice but to get the face bar. If you're black, Asian, some kind of minority with like a flatter nose, not much of a nose bridge where your nose doesn't break. You can wear whatever the heck you want. You can wear this, your cheeks, you know, your nose is less susceptible to being broken. So you don't have to worry about it being broken and sparring uh right before you know an important fight on Saturday or maybe before an important date, right? Other things you want to do in your life. Now the second thing we're going to do after you decide what what what shape, what headgear you like and the feel and all that. We're going to go for the fit. So I'm going to show you how to choose the right fit. So the first thing you need to do is you put the headgear on and you may have to loosen the top, but you put the headgear on and you you line up the eyes. That's the first thing we do. So here, right? Are my eyes good? Good. This looks good. Okay. Does it need Sometimes it's too high. Like I say, you got to loosen the top. Bring it down. And what some guys like to do, they like a head gear that goes to here. They like this because they think this is more secure. I would tell you this is not more secure. And this is the reason why. When that headgear is so low to your eyes like this, when you tilt your chin down, you cannot see your phone. You see how you can't see my eyes. Guess what? I can't see you either. I can't see overhand rights. I can't see anything coming from eye level. So really the best one is you need it a little bit here. This way you can see with your you can tuck your chin down. You can still see forward, right? So just my personal tip. Like I say, a lot of guys that bring it low, then they have to lift their chin to see their opponent and they get caught all the time. They get clipped. Okay. So just leave it here in the first place. Center your eyes on here. Now um once it's on here, we're going to put on the strap. And where's the strap? Oh man. Oh, here it is. It's good tucked inside. So, we're going to put on the strap and I'm going to make sure that the strap feels secure and it's comfortable on my chin. A lot of times the the strap is kind of cutting into your neck. It's choking you. You'll know. Put it on. Put the hair on. Go like this. Up, down, left, right. Okay. Turn. Turn like that. Okay. Eyes are center. Next thing you're going to do is you're going to make sure the eyes are is wide enough. Right. So, I'm sorry. Still on the eyes. Make sure that this is not so narrow that that you feel you always have to look straight on. It would be nice if I turn my head to the side. I can still see that shot right there. See, I can still see your shot and I just slipped your shot right now and I countered it and I knocked you guys out. Okay, the eyes are lined up again. We don't bring the headgear so low. The chin strap is comfy. Okay, from here now we see, does the headgear slide? All right, does it slide side to side? No. Does it slide up and down? No. And does it wobble? Okay. Um, those are all very important. And then uh then you know of course I this is my old old head gear. I spared so many rounds in this. So you know you got to tie around and sometimes sometimes the way they put on the headgear for you is that usually the top is really tight and the bottom is loose. When you buy headgear it's like that. But sometimes you got to loosen up the top and they make the bottom tight. You know because our heads are all shaped weird, right? Some of us like an egg. Some of us like a alien head where the top is big and it tapers it. So you you got to like pull the strings to to to get it where it needs to be. Now another thing I'm going to show you guys is a sizing. A lot of times you're going to put on, you know, I I recommend this. Whatever head you put on, try one size up, try one size down. This is why I I tell you sometimes different sizes feel good. They all feel the same. They all feel good to you and you won't realize that one actually very clearly is not, you know, you you won't find out which size are wrong until much until it's too late. So I would say do it like this. Um, first off, how much coverage? So, a lot of times some guys they think, "Oh, if I get a small headgear, it'll cover my face more." Actually, it's not true. If this headgear is too small, these cheeks are going to be blown open because my face is going to is going to stick through like this. So, actually, if I get a bigger headgear, it will allow these cheeks to be to everything to be bigger and then it's like swallowing up my head better, right? It'll be more like this kind of a fit. So again, don't think that smaller is is more coverage. Another thing I would tell you, a lot of times you put on the headgear and you can't tell the difference between between large or between one size and the next. For face bar head gear, for example, when I put on large feels great. When I put on extra large, it felt great. But I couldn't tell until I started doing this. I I knock it right here. This one stays solid. The extra large was wobbling like that, right? it was shifting around a whole lot. Another thing too, uh, when you buy face bar head gear, this part right here, the bar should not be touching your nose. And when they hit it, you should feel the transfer go into the cage. So, it should not go into your nose, of course. Um, sometimes it touches very lightly and, you know, over time because you're tying your head gear in it, it'll it'll bring the face part together and it'll like squeeze this together and this will protrude a little more and then it's perfect. You know, you got to try different ones. Make sure the gear, make sure it feels good. And then also that when you slip, right? So when you get new headgear, slip, [Music] right? And test, right? See if the headgear moves with you. Sometimes you put it on, you move, and you feel like a you know, it's it's like I don't know if you ever have you ever ran with a backpack and the backpack is jumping all over the place and it's not in rhythm with you. It's that kind of feeling. You feel the head gear is like like a slight second. Doesn't totally move with you like a second skin. So, uh, those are my tips. I hope they help you out. And, uh, you know, you can also go to a gym, just kind of borrow people's head gear, try out different models, different kinds, see the shape, the feel, the fit, what kind of material feels better for your skin. And, uh, enjoy. Thanks for watching. I'm John from Expert Boxing. If you like this video, check out my website, expertboxing.com, or subscribe to my YouTube channel. Thanks for watching.