Kind: captions Language: en I'm Jordan from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you guys about how to read your opponent's movements a little better and how to like feel his punches coming, right? Improve your defensive awareness and reflexes. So, uh, you know, there's many things I've been said on this subject, but I'll say something a little different today. The first thing that I noticed, what a lot of guys would do is they try so hard to see the punches. They, you know, they they try to see the punches or they try to look at the chest because they believe the punches come from the chest or they try to look like the shoulders. They try to get a cue somewhere or some of them, some people say crazy stuff. Look at their feet because if their feet moves, you'll know the punch is coming. Like by the time my foot has moved, the punch has already gotten there. So that's just silly advice that that that's not real. That's not real advice. Another thing that I see people do is that they try to remember patterns, right? They try to drill. They do drills on the focus. Okay, 1 2 3 and I roll under and I slip and I slip and I roll under and then I pivot and Okay, you can remember this pattern. But the thing is in the moment when your opponent is doing his movements, how the heck are you going to know which pattern he's doing? How the heck are you going to know which combination he's doing? So yes, we practice moving certain combinations, but at the end of the day, you know, the problem is not that we don't know how to roll under hooks and slip, you know, jabs and rights. The problem is that we don't know what our opponent is about to do. So that's what this video is about. First thing I like to do is that I don't try to look at my opponent's punches. I don't try like I look at him. I look at all his moves. I see everything. But I don't just see his punches. I see his whole body. What a lot of fighters do is they're very focused on the opponent's hand. They're like, "Oh, his hand's over here. His hand's over there. Oh, his hands like this. I'll block his hand. I block his hand." I I never try to block his hand. I try to choose to block in the direction that I feel his body energy is going. Okay. So, what maybe for you guys, you guys see punches like this, right? These are punches to you. You see punches this way, right? This is punch. Okay. What how I see punches is a little bit like this. I see it like that. Okay. Whichever way he's throwing, I see this. I just see the rotation of the spine and I see his energy going forward and back and forward and back and forward and across and up and over and under and over over and under and over and around. He's here around around straight straight. Okay, that's what I see. So I see movements like that. I look at this whole upper body and and and I react to it, right? So I react to to the the movement of this hole. You see my right chest right here. When I throw right hand the whole thing boom. Okay? I don't look I don't follow the glove like oh the glove is coming over the top or oh the glove is coming here. I just kind of read like oh okay someone's coming from the right side. I start to go with it already and it doesn't even matter even if it it does hit then I you know it it's the power is going to be rolled off like 50% of the power is rolled off anyway just because I see the right side of his body coming. So I kind of look at that when when I box and likewise when I shadow box I move in a similar way. I move right. I move my entire body turn and I turn. You see you see my whole body's turn. I'll go back here for you guys. All right. I'm up against the wall. Hard for me to throw a proper left hook for you guys. I see that. And likewise when he throws I I feel this energy. I'm going with him. So I can kind of feel his energy. I don't need to worry so much. And then the next thing also is is if he's tilting, right? So if he's straight up, this is one thing. But let's say he throws right hand and he tilts. You know this is coming. This is coming. This is coming. So same thing. I feel him tilt. I can tilt as well, right? I can tilt as well to block whatever. So I kind of move my upper body with his upper body. either with a forward or back where I turn or I turn or I tilt or I tilt and that's what I'm trying to read. I do not follow his glove going here, his glove going there, his glove going here, and his glove up and over the top. I don't follow the hand so much. I hope this helps. I'm John from Expert Boxing. Like to see more great boxing tips, check out my website, expertboxing.com, or subscribe to the YouTube channel. Thanks for watching.