Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing and right now I'm going to talk to you guys about how to buy the right headgear. Let's start with the two kinds of headgear that you first see when you when you think about boxing headgear. You have something called cheeks or you have something called bar, right? Face bar, face saver, or you got cheeks, which which is the typical headgear. Now, we call these cheeks because you see it has these cheeks right here coming in. And then we have the uh then we have this because there's a whole bar going across. There's also competition headgear. Uh we like I like to say, you know, like open face headgear where they don't even have the cheeks. So it looks kind of like this. I don't have any of that headgear, but imagine if I bent this in, it's just a big giant triangle and your face is super exposed, super thin headgear. That would be like the open face headgear. And the uh you know, typically the the better fighters, they want something super light, super minimal. They don't even want to feel like they're wearing headgear. They want to feel like it's a fight, right? They don't need all this stuff. Uh but most of you uh if you're like me, a lot of your heavy fighting is not in international competition. It's going to be in sparring. So in that case, you want something a little heavier, a little more durable, can take a beating and and will protect your head over the long run, right? You're not going for the thinnest thing possible, especially you're starting out, you're buying your first head gear. So, okay. Uh let's get a few basics out of the way. Right away, I'm going to tell you right now, uh you need to know what kind of nose you have, right? So, if you're like a black guy or you're like an Asian guy or some some Hispanic guys, you right that we we have like a very flat nose, right? No. Well, I have a little bit of a nose bridge, but a lot of Asians or or blacks or some minorities, they have a very flat nose. They don't have any nose bridge. So, those fighters that don't have a nose bridge, their nose doesn't get broken as easily. Because our noses don't get broken as easily, we can wear these cheek guards. We can wear the open face. But if you're like white, you have a European nose, you got a big nose bridge, those kind of noses can be broken very easily. And for that, if you have that kind of nose, you need to get a face bar head gear. That way, um, your nose doesn't get broken every time you spar. So, uh, now let's talk about what things we we worry about as a fighter. When we talk about, uh, we talk about comfort, visibility, the weight, the quality. Of course, we talked about that last, but um let's talk about visibility, right? So, there are a few things, you know, uh what keeps you defended. Is it because the padding is so thick that that when fighters, you know, you know, pop you in the head that the padding is so thick that it protects you or is defense is is is protection for you, it means that to have great visibility that you can see all the punches or is it that the headgear is so light and so thin that you can move your head so quick that you don't get caught in the first place? Right? So, it depends what it means to you, you know? And then also if you have like a a big head, you feel like your headgear makes you even bigger, makes you feel even bulkier, doesn't you know, makes you not feel as smooth when you're trying to do head movement. So these are a lot of things that people worry about, but you know, I I'll make it easy. The first thing you want to do is you want to put the headgear on. So I'm going to put it on. Messing up my hair for you guys. So I put the headgear on like this and I put it on. I see the visibility, right? And let me strap it on like this the proper way. Okay. Can I see? Yes, I can see. Do I feel secure? Yes. I feel like there's a little cage. It's around my face. Some of you don't want a cage. You want it more like this. You don't want stuff all over your vision, right? So, you know, up to you. How much visibility do you want? Do you want more or less? Now, is this more visible or is the face bar more visible? You'd be surprised a lot of times because these cheek cheek head gear, right? Remember, we're not we're not talking about open face headgear because you're probably, you know, you're probably not on that level yet. So, we consider only cheek or face bar. So, a lot of times these cheek head gear, they try to protect you by sealing in the side. They come in through the side like this. So, you may feel like you have more visibility, but actually they close in the side a little narrower typically. Now, when you get something like the face bar head here, I don't know if you can tell. Yes, this is covered, but I can see out a little farther. It like I feel like it goes wider on my eyes. So, I have a wider vision. I can see hooks. Now, maybe uppercuts from here, I can't see this. So, you know, you you really got to have a good feel for the fight, right? Where if I wear this uh cheeks head gear, I feel like I can see uppercuts running up the middle. I mean, in the time, in the end, with experience, you know, if you're good, you're good. You know what you're doing, you know what you're doing. Head gear is not going to change your life so much, but it will make you feel more comfortable. So, the visibility is the first thing. Okay. The second thing is the sizing. You you got to really work the sizing, and I'm not going to do that in this video. I will talk about that in the next video on how to pick the right headgear size for you. Okay, let's talk about the other things. Um, comfort. A lot of the comfort uh has to do with the weight, the fit. You know, some headgear it feels like a glove over your head and it feels like it's part of you and when you move it moves with you. other headgear. It feels very bulky, right? Um I have this rival headgear, very protected, yes, but it feels very big and boxy. When I move, I you know, and when I get hit on it, I can feel it like shifting around when it gets hit. So if it feels like I'm wearing a box on my head and then like when I get hit, I literally feel like somebody's punching me through a box. It doesn't feel like they're punching me on the head. Maybe you like that feeling, maybe you don't. I don't. Okay. Also, the inner material. So, some headgear they have a very smooth cool liner, you know, feels uh feels cool, okay? As in not hot. Other headgear, they have like a like a suede liner. It's a little furry. Um, personally, I like the furry. I like the furry liner because I feel like the headgear really grips my skin. It grips my face. It doesn't slide all over the place. Okay. Some people don't like it. Some people like the slippery stuff, but sometimes the slippery stuff will slide. Every time you get hit, it slides. Now, this winning headgear, uh, it uses kind of like it's not furry. It's like a smooth leatherish texture, but it grips my head very well and it stays in place. Um, and then also, you know, some headgear, they have a little more protection in the back. You know, other headgear, they don't. It's kind of slim in the back, but it makes the headgear lighter. So, again, up to you. Other than that, it comes down to cost. I mean, what what should a good headgear cost? Can be anywhere from $100 to $500 or even more, right? The top headear winning is the top headgear. Why? Uh because it's super light. Super light, super light, super protective. Um another thing too, when you wear something like cheeks, cheeks headgear, anytime you get hit anywhere on the headgear, I feel like it hits right in that area. If someone punches me here, I feel it right in my forehead. Somebody punches me here, I feel it in my cheek. But when you get a face bar headgear, I I I know you can't see it, but it's almost like this whole thing right here is one solid frame. So when they punch me anywhere, it feels like the whole frame is absorbing the shot. So face bar for me is more uh is more protected. Uh not only that, but you know, it's it's kind of what all the pros use. Almost all the pros, man, they go face bar. They don't risk getting their noses broken before the the big Saturday fights, right? Um other than that you know fit uh quality uh durability the materials you know leather is better than synthetic. Um some people you know some brands like Winning actually likes to use they do both leather and synthetic but they believe in synthetic because uh it doesn't break down as easily due to your sweat. Okay. Other than that comfort uh you know make sure the chin strap the way it goes underneath your chin doesn't choke you. Doesn't like kind of cut your chin and annoy you. Uh visibility is good. the weight is good and that you feel good. Okay, so that's what I recommend. I'm John from Expert Boxing. You like these videos, visit my website, expertboxing.com, or subscribe to my YouTube channel. Thanks for watching.