Kind: captions Language: en I'm Joy from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you guys about how to talk to a fighter in the corner during a live fight. So, I had a recent experience lately. About two months ago, I got to corner for a fighter for his pro fight. And I wasn't the head trainer. I was the first assist. And I got to see a lot of cool things. The way his trainer was talking to him was a little bit different from how most trainers, how most corners operate. But what I see in most corners is like usually when the fight finishes the round, when the when the fighter finishes the round and he's walking back before he even gets back to the corner, the trainer in the corner is already like, "Ah, do this. Do this or that. The jab, the jab, you got to move your head." You hear his girlfriend on the side, his mom, he's like, "Oh, you got to do." His friends are yelling stuff at him and they're overwhelming him. They're over stimulating, you know, just way too much over information, right? Information overload. He his mind, his body is is still, you know, his body is still not there yet. And what this trainer did, what what this head trainer did was a little different. The the way we had it was that the the fighter is the first one to talk, then the head trainer is second, and then the first assist is the last to talk. And I like this so much better. We waited for our fighter to come back to the corner. You know, we gave him the seat. We're super calm. And the head trainer was like, "So, how do you feel?" And then the fighter, you know, he had a chance to breathe. It was great. He had a chance to breathe, collect himself, and figure out where he is because his mind's still in the fight, right? He just took he just took shots to the head. So, it was a really great way for him to collect himself. He's like, "Yeah, I feel good. Um, I was trying to land some jabs. I was trying to work my right hands. Uh, you know, I caught him with some good right hands, but he also moves a lot. He kind of goes to this angle. You know, he's he's doing something. You know, we give the the fighter a chance to recollect himself, assess the moment. You know, I think that that what he has to say is more important than what any of us has to say. So, we let him talk himself into, you know, into like a little bit of a game plan or at least just collect himself. That's all it is. Then next, the head trainer will give the fighter some instructions. He'll say, "Hey, man. The jab is looking good. The right hand's almost there. You just got to throw a little longer or or maybe your left hook is almost there. Your left hook was short a little bit at times. Maybe just get a little closer to that." And then or or throw it longer like you did in the gym. But you're looking good. You're looking good. And then the last person to talk is the first assist. And what my job was to say was just to say one or two things, that's it. That it was anything else that was missed. And I would say, "Hey, watch out when he goes to ropes. Don't follow him to the ropes. He's trying to suck you into the ropes. Don't follow him there." Or, um, you know, when you know, be careful when you be careful when you throw the right hand. That's when he throws his big left hook or something like that. Just one one thing, maybe even nothing. Let the fighter talk again because it's even better. You know, they they don't need more instructions. So, that's all that's basically all I had to say. Uh, I really liked I really enjoyed how they did things a little differently and uh, it's up to you, but at the end of the day, different fighters and different coaches, they respond um, you know, they they perform better in different situations. I'm Joy from Expert Boxing. For more great boxing tips, check out my YouTube channel, subscribe, and also my website, expertboxing.com. Thanks for watching.