Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you about how to read opponents. How to tell what they're going to do, when they want to do it. First thing you have to do, you have to read his tension. Where is the tension? Is it upper body? Is it neck? Is it in the head? Is it in the feet? In the front leg, back leg or arm? Feel what he's doing. Maybe you can feel it in the in the ring looking right at your opponent. You can feel where where is he flexing. Is he like, can you feel him squeezing his arm? Or maybe from the outside? You watch a guy from the outside, you could tell, you can see where where his muscles are a little clenched. Is it in his back? Where is it? So, look for it. Become sensitive to it. Feel what he's doing. Just because you know that he has tension doesn't mean you know that you know what punch he's going to throw. Obviously not. But the fact that you can feel his tension, it it tells you like, does he want to be aggressive? Does he want to be defensive? Is he going to try to throw a surprise attack or is he going to run in with a bunch of punches? Is he going to be short and compact or is he going to throw long punches? The breathing gives away a lot. You can tell a lot. Is does he breathe like or is it the tension is the indicator of something about to happen. So, okay, that's tension right there. Okay, this is tension. If I do this, relax. Now, you can't see. And this is a good lesson, by the way, on being relaxed because the best guys, the best guys are always relaxed. They have no tension. So, you can't read them. They relax and and then they surprise you, right? So, how do you read a a more advanced opponent? You can't look for tension, man. They have no tension. These guys flow. So, to read them, you have to come up to them and you have to flow. You got to catch their flow. Let me explain to you this way. There's another way. When you go to the club and you dance with you dance with a girl on the floor, right? Not on the floor, but on the standing on the dance floor. When you're with the girl, it might take you some time to figure out how she moves. You got to catch the groove. It's going to take you maybe like a minute, maybe 10 seconds, but you got to find out how she flows. Then you can dance with her. Same thing when you're in the ring. You got to flow with the guy. You have to get in the range. You have to, you know, see what he does, feel it. You might eat a couple shots. This is what the first round is for, to flow with him. Once you catch his flow, then then you can you can manipulate it. You can use that energy to to to to throw in the counters, you know, defend, evade, slip, punch, counter, jab, you know, right, whatever. You got to flow with him. You got to feel his flow, return it, return it with yours, and you get the the better end of it. If you don't flow, which what a lot of guys do this, they don't want to flow with the opponent. So they they get into this weird cat and mouse games and they touch, then they run away, then they touch, run away, and then you come in, you be aggressive, you open up, and then you get caught by a surprise shot because you didn't flow with him first. So that's what you have to do. Don't waste the first round running from him, okay? Get in there and flow, which is why you should practice this in sparring. Spar with different guys and just get in and get a flow. Get a feel. Try to catch their rhythm. Try to be sensitive. You might not have the skills to do anything about it, but at least you keep yourself open. You keep yourself uh sensitive that you can feel his energy. What kind of rhythm does he use? Get in there, let him, you know, let him throw, make him throw, you throw, too. You exchange punches, too. And get a feel for that. And once you know how to catch a guy's flow, you go to a fight, you go to a competition, you step in the ring with a brand new guy, within 10 seconds, you have an idea how he flows, and that's it. You're all good. I'm John from Expert Boxing. Subscribe to my YouTube channel.