Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you about how to throw pot shots in boxing. What is a pot shot? A pot shot is like that sneaky one shot. Boom. Right there. Unexpected. Boom. One shot and then you move away. That's a pot shot. It's not really committed. It's not really committed shot. It's just a quick scoring point. And what is it useful for? Pot shots are great for, you know, demoralizing your opponent. you know, you're you're putting on pressure, unexpected angle, you're being fast, you're being tricky, you're making him less confident, you know, makes him cautious. He starts to be more defensive instead of aggressive. So, it keeps him off you, makes him cautious where he slows him down a little bit. And then now, because he's busy looking for your tricky pot shots, he might leave himself vulnerable to your your true power shot. So patcha is a fun way to box. Very useful, you know, great way to score a quick point, demoralize your opponent. It's more of a mental game really. It's a it's for mental benefit and just controlling the situation, putting yourself as the dominant fighter, the dominant scoring fighter during the fight. Uh some ideas what my favorite pot shots throw. For example, a pot shot jab. I can be up tall and quick jab down to the body, right? So sometimes you have a guy chasing you. I run away. I run away. Ah, and I I pot shot to the body and I'm on the move again or to the head. I'm here. I'm here. Right. Okay. Uh, one one good thing I like to do is I love to split my head. So, if I see a jab coming or or or anything, I I pull my head this way. His jab will miss and I fire. So, right there, here, right? That's my favorite uh pot shot jab. Right hand. Two ways that I know to land the right hand. One is walk away, turn back, blah blah, walk away, and then walk away again. All right. Second way is to be a little more squared up and reach in. Okay. So, here and I land that quick right hand pot shot. Lead right. Another way, uh, left hook. My favorite way, probably the only way that I pot shot with a left hook. I stay low. I make him bait down and and I fly over the top. Right, Logan? And I score the quick shot or from far away. He doesn't think he doesn't think I can jump. Okay, I'm I'm back here. I'm back here. He doesn't think I'm going to make it. And And I close the I close the distance quickly. So, those are some ways. Here's a big focus. Focus. Be fast. Be snappy. It's not about power. The moment you try to be powerful, you it takes away the speed and the surprise effect. Just be be fast and boom, you know, smack him. Smack him with a quick shot and you're out of there. Which brings me to the next point. Always have an exit plan for your head. Okay? Be ready cuz you're throwing you're you're committing to a tricky shot. Be ready to do something with your head. So maybe I throw a lead right hand and bring my head down. Or maybe I throw right hand and I I bring my head through. Okay? or a jab and I I pull it back or jab and pull it back, right? Jab, pull it back. Okay, so think about that. All right. Or maybe if I throw a hook, right, and I miss and I just I let my head drop down. So, yeah, it's not a possession, but at least I evade. Or I throw right hand and I and I just drop down. Go through. Have an exit plan for your head. The real tip, the another big tip is you got to be relaxed. You got to be calm. You got to be like, I don't care. Okay, this this is what makes a pot shot really effective. You walk around like you don't care. Like you're not going to do anything. Okay, if you if you're standing like this, this is not going to surprise anybody. Okay, just be calm. Be calm. Like whatever. You're being defensive. Okay. So, get that quality in your uh try to get that quality into your fighting style. I'm John from Expert Boxing. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.