Kind: captions Language: en I'm Jar from Expert Boxing. Today's topic, how to brawl. So, a lot of times this is a fun video. I don't recommend that you actually do this, but um if you're going to do it, you have to do it. You're feeling like a killer one day or someone caught you with a good shot, you want your revenge. This is how I would do it. So, how to brawl. Typically, my videos are all about how to box and use your brain, be intelligent. Well, now I'm going to teach you how to fight stupid. Uh how to brawl. First thing you going to do, look at your opponent. Okay? So, sometimes I get caught with the hook. The guy's smiling. He's being a jerk. I want to kill him. [laughter] All right. So, I stare him down. I look him straight in the eyes and and I look I look I look I don't take my eyes away. I don't I don't try to hide. I look straight at him. I look right at him and I'm going to come for him. Okay. That's the first thing. Next thing I'm going to do, a brawler, I'm going to try to trade punches. Okay. So, here he does something. Boom. And and I try to jump on top of him. Whatever whatever he fires, I try to respond right away. Like immediately I punch. I don't even think count. I literally think he's throwing a train. I throw a train at the same time. You want to bar off? You want to fight? Here it is. Here we go. I look for the right hand. I see it. Boom. And I trade right hands with him. So, I trade every punch. I try to trade the big hooks, the big right hands with him. Then I try to trade the big hooks with him. Okay? I don't do the uh the slit and jab or keep a distance, keep range or roll under or none of that. I just come straight in and whatever he wants, whatever he want to throw. If I see him throw the right, I throw the right. I see him throw left, we throw left same time. I want to see if mine is faster, if mine is harder. Uh, the next thing I do is that when I'm trading, especially when I'm in trading mode, I try to breathe fast, right? I I truly believe that when you breathe faster, you punch faster, right? Because we exhale on each punch. So, if I breathe faster, [snorts] I feel like the punch comes out faster, right? if I'm trading punches or breathe faster. So, I'm trying to to to look at him. I'm trying to trade. Okay. I'm trying to trade punches with him. I'm trying to breathe faster. The next thing I do is I try to find a way to crash into him. So, um typically in boxing, we move in like a very harmonious way, right? When he's coming forward, I come back. When he's going away, I follow. In this case, I try to do it so that when he comes forward, I come forward at the same time. Okay? If he's walking back, I cut off the ring. I cut off the ring and I try to get him to come forward a little bit. And the moment I feel that he lifts his he's about to go forward or his weight is so much back that he has no choice but to go forward. Oh, I I try to come forward. So, I try to find a way to make us do this. So, um, like I said, it's there when, you know, sometimes, you know, we have these little micro battles in the ring and we we want to get revenge because they caught us with a good shot or something. This is how I would do it. Like I said, I don't recommend that you brawl. I think you should box. I think the best revenge for him getting you with a good shot, try to get him with a good shot. But other times, you know, you have an opponent who's annoying, he's tricky, or, you know, you lose your cool or who cares? You want to go with it? Who cares? So, that's how I would brawl. Um, you know, of course, don't take this video to mean that this is what I'm teaching, that this is what I recommend for you to do. No, but if you had to do it, I would do it like this. You had to step to him, dig, bend down, breathe fast, look him straight in the eye, and trade. And that's how you do it. Anyways, I'm John from Expert Boxing. You like this video, you'd like to see more great boxing tips, please check out my website, xboxing.com, or subscribe to my YouTube channel. Thanks for watching.