Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to show you how to slip like Mike Tyson. First off, disclaimer. I'm not Mike Tyson. I don't have the same body type, so it may not look exactly like him, but I'll tell you what I see. First off, you have to use your feet. A lot of guys try to be Mike Tyson, and they do they do this. There's Okay, a little bit of feet. Okay, it gives very strong legs. My legs are much longer than his. So, it's a little it's a lot more movement for me to do it. For a stocky guy who's down here, a little easier for them. Using your feet. What is using your feet? Well, first off, pivot. Whichever side you're going down to, pivot. So, you're going to use a lot of leg muscle to do this kind of movement. Also, Mike Tyson will step sometimes as he's coming in. He step step. Okay. It's not just it's not just wobbling in uh like this. No, he he will step again. He's closer to the ground, so it's not it's not that big of a movement for him. Okay? And and he's he sharks his way onto the inside. Second difference, second thing that you want to focus on, you want to slip like my Tyson, the upper body comes down more than side. A lot of people see this, but look if I take my legs out, right? It looks like I'm going side to side, but actually [Music] watch my feet. If I don't move my feet, it will look like this. It will look like I'm going side to side. If you pivot down, pivot down. So, I'm basically just going like this. Okay? But down, down, down, down. I'm pivoting, but I'm going down. All right. You don't need much pivot, by the way. This is it. This is probably all Tyson does. Just that he's stocky. He can he can come off. I'm a long I'm a lanky guy. If I if I do this, I'll I'll fly off that off balance. The third thing, third detail to focus on, you're more on your axis. A lot of people have this idea that Mike Tyson is up here. that that he's forward and then he's coming down. He's actually more more back here than you think. Watch your video. He's actually more back here. You're much more powerful and faster when when you keep your yourself on axis. I'm on my back foot for exaggerated effect. Okay. It's more here. Again, I'll go up to the camera. It's this. It's not. People I I don't know why people think it's this. It's not this. is here. Okay. So, why does this work for Tyson? Well, first off, he has a body type forward. This guy is naturally shorter than most his opponents, but when you're shorter, it's easier to get under the punch. You don't have to do this to get under the punch. He's here looking up. He's on his axis and he's under already, so it's more comfortable for him. If you're taller than your opponent, you're the same size as your opponent and you try to do this, you're going to see it's hard to get under the punch, you're going to feel like you have to do this. Once you do this, game over. You're you're off balance already. This this is you can't move from here. Okay? You have to be on your axis. So, you have to accept if you don't have his body type, it's going to be different for you. It's not going to be as effective. Me, I don't have his body type. I can't just curl up. If I curl up like this, you see how it bends my spine? It takes me off axis. If I'm a stocky guy, you're just in here and I can cover everything, right? But if I'm a tall guy, I have a long neck. I have a long torso. I can't cover both my head and my body. And if I curl now, I'm off balance. This This is not good. You want your core inside. All right. At best, my best impersonation, if I had to do it this, that's it. Not this, I would do this. That's it. That's That's all I got. I can't I can't really cover myself. Okay, he's a stockier guy, so he can curl without losing his core. So, it has a lot to do with your body type. But anyways, like I said, use the feet more. The body is going more down. Okay, pivot down. Pivot down. Pivot down. It's not side to side, not as much side to side. And lastly, keep it more on the axis. It's not here. It's more here. Okay, he's shorter. So, he's looking up. It's easy. He's already under. It's not like he has to go under. He's already under. I'm John from Expert Boxing. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com. Thanks for watching.