Kind: captions Language: en This is an inside fighting tactic that we use. It's called the push and throw. So, you're going to find yourself a lot with your opponent inside. And in this position, what we're going to do is he's going to start rolling in, trying to get some shots inside it. And what you're going to do is you're going to shove him to the side. You're going to pivot and push and come back with the throw. In this case, what we're doing is we're doing a counter shifting his momentum. So, he's going to end up having to guard or regain his balance. And this is the point where you capitalize with that counterattack. So, you're going to come in, you're inside, and you're going to push, turn, throw. A lot of times, they're too busy throwing these punches, and it really gets you the chance to get right right inside to the face cuz he's not expecting you to come right back after a push off. I have my own uh I got my own like tips and tricks. What I suggest is when you're inside, you shouldn't have to feel like like you're ramming him. You're not ramming him. You're you guys are already making contact. So, you're both smothering each other. So, look at how I'm leaning onto him. We have our weight on each other. And then right here, when I push him, I don't have to push straight. I can kind of like shoulder him off to the side. So, this would be a straight. Okay, that's not what I want. We're both I we both lean. And while we're both leaning, I I kind of shoulder him off to the side. All right. It's not that we have space and then I ram into him. We're already here. We're already here. We're both leaning. We're both leaning. And and when when I commit weight, he commits weight. And from here, I shoulder him to an angle and I make room and I land a punch. Uh also, when you when you do this pushing tactic, you can use a a guarded shoulder. This is like a guarded shoulder. You can also use an open shoulder. So, for example, sometimes we're in this kind of situation right here where it's a guarded shoulder because he's trying to punch around me, right? So, so his arm's coming around me. That's that's one possibility. There's the other possibility where I'm open like this and I'm trying to clinch his arm. So, sometimes in the clinch, I I'm controlling both of his arms, you see? And then from here, we both lean leaning. He's trying to pull out. We're trying to push each other. And from here, I shoulder him off and I throw the punch. Those are some different ways you can do it. You can do it, like I said, with a closed shoulder or with an open shoulder. And um you're already making contact. You're already leaning on each other. Then all it just takes is a quick little sideways deflect. And that'll make space for a big shot. And you can follow it up with more punches if you like. I'm John from Expert Boxing. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also check out my website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.