Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to show you guys how to throw a lead left hook. Lead left hook is when you are just standing around minding your own business and boom, with a surprising left hook. This is a very fun punch to use because one, it's a power punch. So, you're landing a big punch, and two, if you know how to set it up right, you could totally surprise your opponent. Boom. You throw a surprising left hook. You start with the left hook. It's just a one punch. That's a lead left hook. Here's how you do it. The lead left hook is very useful for catching your opponents off guard. It's so surprising because it's very fast. It's a surprising punch. It's not like a typical jab or right hand which comes straight at them. It just comes from the side. It's useful because one, it's powerful. It's it's always great when you land a powerful shot on your opponent. And two, it's great because it's unexpected. It's surprising. It's very tricky. You can cause a lot of damage. You might even knock a guy out or at the very least distract him to land your bigger punches. Here's how you set up the lead left hook. First thing you want to do is it needs to feel like a jab. If you don't know what a jab feels like, throw some jabs. Boom. Boom. Jab feels straight. It feels the energy just feels boom. It feels straight. It feels fast. It's surprising. And to help set up the left hook, the lead left hook. Actually, what many fighters will do is they will throw a jab. Boom. So, I throw a jab. jab. And that was a hook. That wasn't a jab. You can do the same with your opponent. Start setting up. Give them lots of jabs, powerful jabs with intent, with power, with the purpose. And then when you throw the lead left hook, you'll surprise him. Biggest detail I will give you is to make sure the hook feels like a jab. And more importantly, how you do this is to make the hook feel like a forward momentum. The hook needs to feel like this. feels forward. It doesn't feel like a turning shot. It doesn't feel like if it feels like this, it's you're going to give it away. Anytime that you turn, he will turn. Okay? But if you go forward, he will go up and you'll block in front and then your hook comes around. How do you give that forward momentum? The first thing I would think about is the head. Be careful when you turn your head that it gives it away. It gives it away. Try to keep your head moving forward. So, okay. Watch me again. It's not this. It's not that. That's to is so obvious, right? Watch. Okay. [Music] My head comes forward. I can turn the head, but don't let the head pull across like this here. And turn the head like that. You will notice that this changes the uh the arm technique of the hook a little bit. It's not like the way you were taught. No, it's it's not like this anymore. It will change a little bit. It will feel more like a lower elbow. This will help it uh feel more like a jab than a hook. Again, keep the feeling forward. The ar the arm is forward. The arm is forward. The arm is not turning and the head is not turning. Head and arm going forward. Second thing you want to think about is low telegraph. Again, it feels like a jab. A jab is what? A jab is relaxed. Boom. Relax. Boom. A jab is not pulling back, loading, and throwing. So, same thing. The lead left hook is also not pulling back, loading, and swinging it across. It is not. It's here. That's it. That's it. It's not a full powered hook. So, don't try to load 100% power. It's a lead left hook. It's a jab. Basically, it's a jab with with a slightly different angle and a little bit of torque. Okay. Set him up. And there you go. He's used to throwing the jab. I mean, he's used to catching your jab. And then right when he thinks it's a jab, your lead left hook comes around and hopefully knocks him out. I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. If you like this video, please leave a comment or subscribe to my channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.