Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, I'm John from Exit Boxing. Continuing the fashion of hating certain drills that I see on Instagram all the time. I hate the elastic band punching drills. People are doing this and it looks cool. It feels like Yeah, I'm adding I'm adding uh what was it? Resistance resistance to my punches so that my punches can come out stronger. And I think it's silly for just so many reasons. I I wouldn't even know where to begin. Uh, first off, your punching power comes from your legs and your core. That's where most of the power comes from. So, you doing this with your arms, your arms don't really add that much to the to the punch. You know, the this little tricep, yes, it adds power, but the power that the tricep add is more like stability power, more like structural support power more than actual power generation power. The next thing I want to say is a lot of people think that when they do this elastic band arm punching drill like it's going to make them faster at punching. And I don't believe that's true. I think for most people the number one reason the punches slow down is because they're tired on the retraction. So it's not the coming out that they have a problem with this part. This is the fun part. Everybody's doing this. You hit the bag. What is it training you? Putting the punch out. When you hit the mits, what's it training for you to do? You putting it out. But the problem is that when you hit a bag or when you hit a mitt, the impact bounces your hand back at you. So then when you go into a fight and you start missing, you get really tired because there's nothing returning your fist back to you. So for me, if there was going to be an elastic arm, like a a realistic one, you know, it might be where where this thing is around here and I'm doing something like this where I have to work the reverse. Obviously, it's kind of crazy. it's not going to work. And I wouldn't do on that. I would use a more rigid support bar. But I rather that you be working the retraction muscle. That is what gets tired. That's where people get really sloppy and the the punches start to get lazy and loopy and they get stuck out there for too long because these muscles back here are tired to pull it back. So, for me, if you want to do shadow boxing, I would just don't use that armband because the armband is going to make your retraction muscle even more lazy because it's returning the punch for you. As I said already, that's not what you need. Especially when you're wearing gloves, you need to return your own punches. All right? Because half the half the the punch cycle coming out, the other half's coming in. So if you can bring it in quicker, faster, cleaner, bop bop bop bop, sooner you can come back out again, faster. So I mean, I don't want to say it's completely useless, but I never do it. I don't like it for that one reason alone, because I don't think it works your retraction muscle. If I were you, shadow boxing without doing a skipping rope, that's going to build all that back muscles in the back for you to cycle that punch back home so you can chamber it back out again. I'm John from Exo Boxing. You see guys on the next