Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Exit Boxing and this is Nancy Garcia out of Austin, Texas. She is the 2019 Texas State Golden Glove Champion and also the 2019 USA Nationals runner-up champion. She's going to share a couple tips with us. Uh little things, little tweaks, little te tactical and technical things she did to get to the national level. I hope you guys enjoy. All right, so I want to talk about the proper body mechanics for throwing a right cross. Uh, the way I like to get into my fighting stance is I'll slide my right leg because I'm right-hand dominant. So, I'm going to slide my right leg back and then I'm going to turn it at a 45 degree angle. As far as my lead foot, I always face it towards my opponent and I keep my hands up in a half-facing position. All right. So, once you're here, you want to make sure that you're grounding yourself. So, um, hands are up towards the cheekbone. I have contact with the ground. I know there's a lot of times that when people throw the cross, they'll lift their foot up because they're trying to throw a really solid hard cross, but most of the time you don't have much power if you're raising that leg off the ground. So, you want to stay grounded. So, you're going to pivot the foot and turn the hips. When you turn your hips, this is where the torque is, and you're going to develop power from your hips to your shoulders, then to your fifth fist. So you'll stop here and then pull it right back into your half-facing position. All right. So your right cross is here, pivoting, turning the hips, turning the shoulders, and then resetting. So there's several mistakes that you can do when you throw this punch. Um, one of them I mentioned before is lifting the foot up. Boom. Another one is winding back, which is probably one of the the most common. And people will wind their hand back and then they'll throw here. There's another one. It's just overextension. So when you throw the cross, you'll your opponent's too far away. So first thing you have to develop your range. But if you don't have your range and you throw your cross and you overextend here, you're leaving yourself open for body shots. You're off your position and you really don't have good balance from there. Thanks for watching Expert Boxing. I'm Nancy Garcia. You can follow me on Instagram, uh, Nancy_garcia. Texas.