Kind: captions Language: en I'm Joy from Expert Boxing here to do a review of the Rival RB10 boxing gloves. So, if you don't know about Rival, they're a Canadian company. They do some great stuff. I'm a huge fan of Rival because they do a very innovative boxing products. They do their own gloves, their own head gear. They has their own design, unique styling, unique like technology. They do they do innovative things that I love to see. Um I hate to see boxing companies that oh, we just start a new company and they just copy somebody else's gloves. to copy somebody else's gear and and try to make money, right? So, I like to see companies that bring something new to our sport. We need better protection. We need better gear. And I love to see that companies out there is trying to do it. And not only that, but Rival has very stylish stuff. They have their own very like unique kind of look that um you know that that you can't copy, right? The moment you try to copy them, it's kind of obvious who you're copying. So, uh let's get started with the RP10 gloves. So, first off, uh what do I like about this? This is a strap. Fits like that. I'll do a review on them. Put them on my site. Very comfortable. Uh I love their wrist design. I love the support, the security, the padding is good. Everything feels great. These gloves are specifically made only for bag work, and they work perfectly fine for bag work. Now, u you know, uh you can see the thumb, the way they built the thumb. A lot of them, they they use a little tiny little leather strap that over time stresses the glove and it tears at that point. Here they just put like a a web thumb dump. Kind of like a like a baseball catcher's mitt. Um the mesh. I'm not a big fan of mesh. I don't like mesh. Why? Because when this floats around, this thing hits the mesh. It's going to shred the mesh over time. Your velcro will shred the mesh. I guarantee you it's not going to last as long. But you know, this mesh actually seems pretty like like more durable, right? More high quality than most others. Um the strap, you know, some people may feel like this is splint. I feel like it's good. like it it it can secure very tight and based on the shape of your wrist. Let me do it from this angle and and I pull and I pull and boom. So it feels very secure. Um I love the gloves. They're you know Rival is one of my favorite brands out there. Now what do I not like about these gloves? So the first thing I don't like about Rival's gloves is that they believe in in padding the gloves uh just you know to go by size rather than by weight. So, back in the old days, uh, you know, there was 12 oz, 14 oz, 16 oz gloves because that's how much the gloves weigh when you put in more filling, more horseair. But now, because we don't need to put horse hair, we don't need 16 ounces of horseair to give that much protection. We could do 10 ounces of padding or latex or whatever, we have this scenario where, oo, which what should we be true to? Should we be true to the amount of protection or true to the weight? So, Rival has chosen to make gloves that are true to the protection. So, this is a size large glove, right? And it weighs only like 10 oz. Um, I I I don't have the weight here. It's very light. Whereas, uh, typically like let's say like a large fighter will probably use 18 oz gloves. So, because of that, the gloves feel different. Um, they feels very very different. They feel very light. I feel it does take away from my workout a little bit. Um, if you like the feel of light gloves, Rivals are perfect for that. But, you know, I prefer to have I personally prefer to have just a little more weight on my arms. I don't know why. It's just what I like. It's what I'm used to. It's what I grew up with. So, I'm accustomed to that. Um, also too, uh, they have the D30 material. If you haven't, just check out check watch the videos on it. It's pretty impressive how well it absorbs impact and all that. Other things, you know, I wish the material was like more pure leather. They use a lot of plastic. Glove is made in China and, you know, China is not really made for quality leather. They're not known for that, right? So, they probably have better quality plastic than leather. Uh, Rival argues that their plastic lasts just as long as leather. And you know what? I have seen some very old beat up Rival gloves and they're still held together well. Despite the million seams and all that, which I do not approve of, they actually have held together pretty well. So, I still like Rival, but I would much prefer an actual like 16oz gloves to beat the bag with. Anyway, if you like this video or you'd like to see other great boxing guides or tips, check out my website, expertboxing.com. You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel. Thanks for watching.