Kind: captions Language: en I'm Joy from Expert Boxing and today I'm going to review the Rival RB10 bag gloves. So, I'm sure you guys have seen these. Uh I think they've been out for like a good four or five years now. It's very stylish model. Really, really, really sexy. I remember when it first came out, like I I was a huge fan. I was always a big fan of Rival and these gloves have definitely stood the test of time. So, this pair, this is not mine. It's my brother's pair. He's had it for a while and he's actually he's beat the crap out of it. Um, let's go over what it is. It's Rival. It's made by Rival. It has a lot of seams, a lot of like just intricate designs, seams, lines. Very futuristic design. I typically don't like seams. I like solid piece of leather because I believe seams are areas where a glove can tear apart. Also, seams, especially with like the edge of this little leather sticking out. This could be a place where um sometimes sparring partners can cut each other, right? you can cut each other in sparring because this little piece will will scrape across your face. But these are meant as bad gloves. They're not for sparring. And there's two reasons. One is because they're too light. They're way too light. It's uh rival gloves don't go by like 12, 14, 16. They go by small, medium, large. And I think even this large glove, I think this might only be 10 or 12 ounces at most. Russ uh Russ Ambar, the owner. I know he's he's a big believer in the old he he loves the uh the old school thin bag gloves, right? Where it's like it looks like an oven mitt and you hit the bag. He believes in that that strengthens your hand, really helps your technique. And this glove feels like it's kind of like that. This glove feels like a beefed up version of the old mitt gloves, the old old bag gloves. It has a new D30 technology. I don't know if you're familiar with that material. It's really good at absorbing things without um absorbing the impact so it doesn't transfer to your hand. And I have to say it it is true these gloves um it doesn't feel like thick cushion. It doesn't feel like it. It feels like like a very dense plastic rubber material, but it takes the impact really well and it's very protective. A lot of hand protection. I'm going to show you here the strap system and I'm going to throw off the other pair. So, it's two straps like this. And I think it's really cool. I think the security is even better uh for you. Also, it has the angled. It just has a wrist angle. It's more ergonomic to your wrist. I'll put my hand inside. Um the lining, let me show you. Uh the lining is fine. It's it's it's fine. It's nothing nothing special or, you know, nothing out of this world. It's just regular lining. Not super smooth or anything like that. And then I put the glove on and I just strap it around. And there you can see uh Rivals invented this this angled wrist right here. You see the two lace? I like this. I think it feels very secure and close to my wrist. And I have the other one on. And I'm just going to stick this on and hit the bag a few times that it's it's meant as bag gloves. It's not for sparring. And I will just test the feedback. Ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice. It's very solid. I personally, when I train, I love pure 16 gloves. I like the weight. It gives me a little more bit more of a workout. It slows me down a little. Um, especially I'm a very fast, you know, I'm a lanky, skinny, fast guy, so I like some gloves that wear me down a little, give me just a little bit of a cardio work and more protection for my opponents. But for bag work, I think these are fantastic. uh for the amount of abuse that my brothers put these through. They still hold up really well. They look amazing. I also wanted to talk about the uh the mesh a little bit because for me, I really hate mesh on the palm side of gloves because a lot of times when you have Velcro or even if the gloves don't have Velcro, but you have another you have uh like you're washing hand wraps, right? Sometimes the Velcro can stick to the mesh and tear it up. But for some strange reason, this Velcro doesn't stick to the palmside mesh so well. I mean, it still can if you're going to rub it around, but um but it's been great. The threading is good. Rival overall rival gloves, they just last forever. I've had um I've seen some like 10-year-old pairs where the padding is completely beat up underneath, but the exterior of the gloves still held together just fine. So, overall, uh who do I recommend this for? Not for sparring. Uh if you want like normal weight bag gloves, like the normal 16, 18 ouncez bag gloves, that's not for you. But if you like a lighter glove feeling, uh maybe you're preparing for competition, right? You want to hit the bags with the gloves that that feel closer to what you're using for competition, these are fantastic gloves and will give you great protection despite a lower weight. Um and then also I think it just looks cool. You know, I I love the designs and and everything has held up really well. So, I'm a big fan of Rival and these gloves have kept me a big fan of Rival. Believe it or not, this is a beat up pair of gloves and it doesn't even look like it's beat up. I'm John from Expert Boxing. You like this video, subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also check out my website, expertboxing.com.