Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you guys about how to improve your shadow boxing form. So, this is something I get a lot that a lot of fighters, they say, "Hey, Johnny, I'm a beginner. I'm starting out. My shadow boxing form looks horrible. I don't know why. Every time I see myself in the mirror, it's ugly. Doesn't look like the pros." Yes. First off, of course, it's supposed to look ugly. You're a beginner. So, what do you expect? First thing I'm going to say this, you have your stance. You have a good stance. Okay. When you when you punch, don't extend like have the energy extend 100%. But don't overreach. What a lot of fighters do, they overdo it. So right here, look, I'm going to throw a jab. Straight jab. That's good. What they do, right? They try to reach on every shot. Try to reach here. Try to reach here. Try to reach here. Try to reach here. Right? Every every punch they throw, it starts to reach over 1%. So try to know the limit of where your body can reach. Don't reach your stomach, your shoulders and all that. Just that looks very clean. You see I don't have very much motion. Okay. And and but I have a lot of impact. You can you can feel the energy from here. That's clean. I throw it from the back angle. Okay. Right here. As you can see, I'm not trying to be super fast and explosive. I'm sharp. I'm precise, but I'm taking it easy. I'm relaxing. Okay. Then I want to throw right hand. [Music] Right. I'm not trying to knock out the guy. Right. Right here is good enough. If I go any farther, I'm slightly overextended. Now I'm slightly off balance. I have to pull myself. When I pull myself, I go slightly off balance the other way. And then in no time at all, it starts to look ugly. So, first off, holding your balance, not overextending. The second thing too is usually is the elbows. It's the way you use the elbows and the hands that will make it look clean or not. So some people have something like I don't know this, you know, they they they don't snap the elbow up. Okay? Boom. Get the elbow up. Boom. Get the elbow up. Show you the right hand. Boom. Get the elbow up like that. They do something like this. You see? You see? You see? You never see the line. You never see the line, the energy of the line. If I lift it up and even though I don't, let's say I don't extend it, you see this feels it has more of that straighter energy. It has it feels better. Same thing with the hook. Get the elbow up right there. A lot of times they have ugly hooks. They they do weird things. It's fine. I tried to do this for beginners. Don't imagine that the hook is like far out here. It's not full arms distance, okay? You're punching something right here in front of your face. Almost like you're punching your face. You're punching your your your chain is like here. That's it. Bite right up. When when I watch pros shadow box, sometimes they they hook right in front of their face. Look, you see it's almost like the elbow extends farther than the hand and they stay clean that way. What some other fighters do, beginners, I see the hand way out here on the hook. Right. You see this? They they hook like this. Yes. It looks all sloppy. It's going to swing all over the place farther for you. Yes. Okay. Okay. So, so stay tight like this. You can watch Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson was very tight. You see, I keep the elbows in or I lift them. Those are just some ideas. And then the head placement, you know, try not to shift so much. Keep it in the center. And right here, guys, they kind they're kind of like this already. Try to stay a little bit more forward. And then drop the chin and work on it like that. Go slow. Relax. And, you know, give it a little time. Give it a little time. Don't race it. and you'll look clean, okay? No rush, no raise. Boxing takes many years to to develop the coronation for, but I promise you, you work hard, you'll get it very quickly. Anyways, I'm John from Expo Boxing. If you like this video, subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.