Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to show you guys how to do the proper situp. So, first off, let's talk about positioning. Your feet will probably start off flat to the ground. Okay, your knees about 90°. If you want to make it easier, then you go out a little wider. And if just know that if you come out wider, your feet will have to lift up. So, I prefer about 90° with the knees. Hold your feet flat. Now, it's uh you can hook your feet under a couch or something, but it's probably best to have a partner right here and he will okay, he will grip your foot like that and he'll hold you at the ankle. So, that's that's probably the best position. And of course, he's going to motivate you so it'll help you out. Feet flat, knees at 90°. Now, how wide should feet be? It can be together, knees together. Uh it can also be, you know, a foot apart. Depends on you. I feel to me I like it together and I I hold everything together. It's a tight core. Which is harder? Some guys will like to have it wider because you feel like there's a hole like there's a path right here for you to come up through, right? Or some guys are like this and then as they come up they open up to to to make room to let them through. Okay. But I I like to keep everything together. Now, there are a few differences with the foot positions. If you put your feet flat, it will use more leg and hip flexor. This muscle right here, okay, that you feel this. If you lift your toes like this and you're you're more in your heels, it becomes more of a core workout. Your legs can't help as much. So, that's a big difference. I like to do this. I do as many as I can and once I get too tired, I can't do anymore. I start to allow this to happen. Then, now I use more core. Okay. Uh, let's talk about upper body. Where where should your arms be? Well, you have your hands on your chest. You have your hands on your shoulders, on your heels, on your forehead, on your back of your head, wherever you have it. Make sure that you're not weighing down your head. You're not pull Don't pull your head up. Okay? Put it wherever you want. Put it wherever you want. But, um, make sure you're not pulling yourself. Don't yank on your head. Your head can stay in like this. Don't yank on your head. Don't pull your head. It's just touching. Okay, chest touching. Now, proper push-up technique. How low do you go? You don't have to completely flatten out like this. You don't have to do that. Just here is fine until the center the like this part of your back. That's fine. You don't have to actually touch touch your shoulder. So, boom. That's it. Up. Okay. Up. Put your hands wherever they need to be. Uh resting. If you're going to rest, if you're going to rest, don't rest on the bottom. A lot of guys do this. They rest on the bottom and then when they need it, they go they throw themselves up. You're going to rest, you rest up here. If it's hard to rest up here, open your legs out a little bit. Okay. Never rest down here. Up here. And then you breathe. You're ready. You got your buddy motivating you, you know, telling you to to hurry up. And you go down and you come back up. And you go down and you come back up. All right. Now, uh, right here, because I don't have a lot of grip, and my hips are raising, don't lift your hips. Keep them flat. By the way, uh, try to put a little padding on the ground or something, something that doesn't slide so that it, um, it doesn't hurt your tailbone when when you come down, especially on a hard surface like this. A tip, another tip, when you're tired and you're trying to come up, try to squeeze, try to squeeze your legs together and use your leg muscle to pull you up. So, yes, you're using core, but try to think of your legs, too, to help pull you up to squeeze those extra push-ups in. Now, uh last tip, I'm sorry, not last tip. When you do sit-ups, there's two ways to breathe. Okay? The beginner way, inhale going down, exhale going up. So, it's okay. Advanced way, exhale going down, up. You get it? Okay. So, it's a quick exhale and then you're going down up at the same time. So, okay. This thing's not heavy enough for me. But exhale, you're going down up. So, like, okay. Or a beginner way in, out, in, out. So, once you get faster and stronger, you just exhale. Chick and Okay. And you go up and down fast. It's not gently roll yourself down and then come up. the real work, the hard work is actually going down. Especially when you're going fast, it will be harder to go down than it is to come up. Uh, how many sit-ups should you do? I've said the same thing for push-ups. It's about intervals. It's not about staying there. Do do 200, do 300 every day. It's not do intervals. Do as many as you can in 60 seconds, rest. Do as many as you can in 45 seconds, rest, rest for 1 minute, and then again. So 60 seconds, 45 seconds, 30 seconds, 15 seconds, 10 seconds. If you can't do that, then start with 60 seconds, 30 seconds, 15 seconds. So three sets, one minute rest in between. Do as many as you can with good posture, good technique. Last tip, as you get tired, you you may feel like one side is you start to to come more to the right or come more to your left. You'll feel it as you're doing the sit-ups. Your body will start it'll start wiggling to one side. So, try to fight that. Hold yourself symmetrical. Um, other than that, sit-ups are a great exercise. Don't yank your neck and uh use good technique. So, thanks for watching. I'm Jo from Expert Boxing. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com.