Kind: captions Language: en I'm John from Extra Boxing here with Charles from Boxing Fit Factory. He's going to show us some southp boxing tips and for this video, he's going to give us the most basic and most effective southpunches against orthodox boxers. All right, here we go. Obviously, everybody says the straight power hand, which is good, but the the head is very evasive. You know, the move the slide is hard to get to. Everybody's looking for that. A lot of times the best uh great punch is you jump with that double jab. You throw that double jab. You throw a straight straight cross to the body cuz the body at this angle here at this angle this angle you absorb it straight just like the head. Okay. You were in the other ang right to a right hand rightander to a right hand. I throw he kind of turn it off. But from this angle he takes it straight on. Okay. And it's hard to I mean it's hard to block it. It's hard to you know. So that's a good shot. Dumb jab. Boom. Punch it across the body. Now ideally when you throw that across the body you're right here. Boom. You got your head to the outside of his arm right here. And then you come with the hook up top. Okay. So like I said it's hard to get away from that. Um other other good left hand. A lot of time you work a lot off the jab. Uh jab at me. Boom. Jab on the top. Okay. If he jabs at me, I catch it. Boom. And hook over the top. Okay. He jab at me. Boom. I slip it. Shoot it to the body. He jab at me. Boom. Marquez Pacquiao. I slip to the outside. Hit that. I mean, there there's many ways you can uh another one. If you're uh you know, if you can see it, time it out. You slip it, boom, and just flip it up underneath. Okay. But then I I'll flip it out. Do it again. Boom. Slip it. Boom. You got to flip it out. But you at the same time don't get too cute because you got to watch this right here. Another thing you got is say you know they're going to come with the the straight. So say you go double j cross bang bang. You know that's going to come to the outside and let and let that head go. But initially starting off basic get warmed up. You know you feel them out. You feel them out. But I throw that del cross the body. Watch that right hand when you drop down then roll underneath it. Boom. because that's where they going to come. They going to counter or you know come with the hook up choppers. You got to watch right hand going in a line there. But the beautiful thing about that is especially you start off with a double jab. If I start off with a double jab, he's going to get have to get his hands up and we backing up and it's it's like a straight shot to the body. You see, he cannot he cannot turn with that. He's going to have to take that he's going to have to take that side. And that's why that's why the straight right hand against the left hand is so um so effective because when it hits in the head, it's straight on. And that's the same thing goes for the body, but the body's a little bit easier to get to and um you know, it'll do damage uh as time go. That's what I would say as far as other than that straight boxes open, you know, pains and everything else. But over the jab, you know, working off the jab is a good good key. Slipping the right hand to the outside, countering because of the angles, because if you create the distance, it's not too much hard to get any hook to the body. The game changes um with these things. So, I'll work on his jab and I'll wait for that right hand to come cuz when get to the outside, get to the outside. Okay.