Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys. I'm Johnny from expertboxing and for this video, I just wanted to talk about the dirtiness of the sport. Um the corruption and the politics and the the crooked side of the sport. Um the competition mainly the and the business of it. And I think there there's so many fighters, especially young and new and upcoming fighters. Maybe you have dreams. You want to be the next Mike Tyson, want to be the next Floyd Mayweather, the next Pacquiao. Um and you know, and until you've gotten your ass beat, you're going to believe it. You're going to believe that you're the next great thing, the next big thing. You're going to believe that you're the next champion. And I just want to tell you or just explain some of what makes the sport so dirty, what makes it so hard for so many fighters and why you have to watch out for it. Um I used to believe, you know, I used to believe that boxing was a a complete meritocracy, that if you train hard, you work hard, that if you're talented, you know, you're smart, you work hard, you you're physically gifted, you're athletic, um and and that you have a good coach and and a good team, that you'll be champion, that you can win in in any against all odds under any condition and under any of environment. And I used to believe that. And the more time that I spend in the in the sport, I I see that that's not true. You know, I love I love the art of boxing. I love to fight. I love to compete. I love half the training. So, half the training's very fun for me. Some of the conditioning is fun. Uh all the technical and drills and all that, that's a lot of fun. It's very stimulating. Um I hate the extremely repetitive stuff, doing thousands of crunches. Oh god, it's like just waste of time, waste my life. So, I don't like that. But the side that I don't like most is the fact that when you compete, it's your your your chances of winning is most likely determined more by the matchmaking than by your personal ability. So, and that's just a truth. And and many people just don't realize it. The matchmaking, the favoritism, the bias is so it's so lopsided in the sport and people don't realize. You know, I used to believe that 70% 90% is under my control, that I can train hard like I do everything like I said, train hard, have a good coach, show up ready, be mentally strong, be ready to adjust to to the game plan, no matter what happens, and I'll be okay. You know, um but I see that that's not the case. Right? Um when you think about it if or if you if you haven't noticed, I think the fight is is won in the matchmaking. All all boxing competitions are won in the matchmaking. There and the matchmaking is based on who you know, uh how many fighters your gym brings to the competition every year, you know, how connected your coach is, you know, and then maybe you. Do you have a fan-friendly style? Do are you the kind of style that many people would like to see? Right? Are you the the right skin color? Or the right kind of look or or or whatever that they're looking for, that that that the poster child for what they want their tournament to represent. Because some fighting organizations, they they want a knockout, you know. Other fighting organizations, maybe they they want a guy that runs around like a more very Olympic style where you run around a lot. Um you know, uh some some organizations, they want even fights, right? But if you're if you're going to go in there and assume that you're getting a fair fight, I'm going to tell you like that's not the case. And you have to know this because as fighters, we think that when we walk into the competition, we walk into uh a big fight show that we're the stars, right? That we're the stars of the show, but in the reality, we're not. Everybody's there to see the fighters, but the reality is the stars are already predetermined. You know, it's just reality TV, really. The matchmakers have already decided long before you got there, they already know who they want to win. And so I say this because you're just a pawn as a as a competitor, as a boxing athlete, you're just a pawn uh inside the organization. And if you walk into the room and you need to look around, right? You walk into the the competition your weekend show and you look around and you need to see who you know. If you don't know the referee, you don't know the judges, you don't know who owns and runs the show, you don't know the matchmaker, um you don't know the other coaches, you don't know the other fighters, there's a very good chance you're not brought in there to win. Okay? Uh you're brought in there to lose. And you're going to find that they're going to match you for what for whatever reason. Every time they match you up, it's always a guy 10 lbs bigger. He's got 10 times more fights. 10 more years of experience. Always it's always going to be something like that. And maybe some of you because you you know, you believe in yourself. You go, "Oh yeah, yeah, I know boxing's a tough sport. Oh yeah, I'm I'm ready to take on the world. I can fight anybody. I don't care. I spar I spar pros in the gym, so I don't mind fighting anybody." That may be true, but I I will say that it's it's not fair and you need to know that it's not fair. You need to know that you're you're being used, you're being exploited for someone else's financial gain and publicity and profits and promotion, you know, you're being used as beta fish, you know, you're you're there to build up some other fighter's career and it's not fair to you. And I wanted to say it like this because as a as a fighter, as a student of the game, we all have a natural trajectory, right? We start here. We're we're we start low. This is our level. This is our ability. And then in time, we're here and then we're here and then we here. We grow. Now, if they like you, they're going to match you up with somebody who's always below you. So, when you're here, they match you up like this and you win. And here, they match you up like that and you win. And then here, they match you up like that and you win. And if they don't like you, you're going to have the same path. You're here, but they match you up like this. The guy's better and bigger. Then when you get here, they match you up like this. And like here and you lose again. You lose again and you lose again. And it's not fair. And you know, and when you lose, what they do is they give you a hug, a pat on the back. "Oh, you did so good, man. You did good. Just train hard. Come back and you win the next one." That's what they tell you and that's a lie. They'll lie to you in the face. What they don't tell you is that actually, we didn't want you to win. We picked you because we knew you had less experience than our guy. Uh we picked you because we felt you were you were going to lose, you were vulnerable to his style, blah blah and blah. So, you know, I don't say this to discourage people from from competing and following their boxing dreams. I I don't say for that. I'm not and I'm not saying it to scare you either. I'm saying this because you need to know. You need to take care of yourself and your career and that when you walk into any show, you need to know how to dictate the terms on on how the fight will be how the match will be made. And if it smells rotten and it smells dirty to you, right? This show has been planned for 6 months, but you get the call 2 weeks before the show date, you need to know something needs to go off in your head to go, "Uh-oh. Like you're B-side, right?" And you need to know that. And and knowing that, you can navigate the waters a little better. Just know that that many people out there, they're not looking for you. They're not in your best interest. Even if it's a guy from your gym setting you up with the fight, he might be doing this as a favor to his friend. You know, it might be his friend's kid who's going to be fighting against you. And he picked you because he knows he's seen you every day in training. He knows all your weak spots and he's setting you up to fall, to lose. So, anyways, I love you guys. Take care of yourself. Take care of your trajectory. Have confidence. Have faith in in what you do and and your goals and your dreams, your personal dreams for the sport. But at the same time, I just be on the lookout for the dirty crooked side of the boxing business. I hope you like this video and see you guys next time. Check out my website expertboxing.com. And also uh subscribe to the YouTube channel. See you guys. Bye.