Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing here to review the Top 10 Super Fight 3000 gloves. So, uh, what can I tell you about Top 10? Uh, Top 10 is a company. I used to think they were from Canada and actually I think they're like from the UK and then they also have headquarters in Canada. Um, they're big on the martial arts scene and the kickboxing scene, not the Muay Thai kickboxing scene, but kickboxing scene. You know, they have these uh they make those martial arts gloves. I don't know if you've seen them. It just looks like a padding that goes over the knuckles. It goes over the knuckles kind of like that and then it lays over the back and then the the hand is kind of naked and then there's like a little black elastic strap. That's it. It's kind of like a naked little it's like just a pad in the back. So those are like the martial arts gloves and then they like kind of started converting it to a full glove, right? Like a full boxing glove. So the gloves kind of have a funny shape, have a funny look. I kind of thought they were funny. I didn't take the brand too seriously. You know, when I was in Canada, I saw like some cheaper version of top 10 clubs and I didn't like them so much. Over there, you know, people respected rivals so much more and rivals look cooler and they felt better. But I got a chance to try these and um you know and and by the way, Top 10 does have a bunch of cheap uh cheap clone glove models very clearly made in Pakistan. Um, these are made in Pakistan as well, but they do have some models are higher quality and also unique, which I love. I love to see unique boxing glove designs. Um, first off, what is unique about this? I mean, if it isn't already obvious. So, they got that shell. They got the martial arts shell. It looks like a little missile. Um, if I show you the thumb here. Okay. Uh, I call it it's like a Star Wars wing. It's like a I don't know, like a spaceship wing. You have two straps. Very uncommon. Typically people have one strap because one strap is already bad enough. People are lazy. We don't need to add two. Uh you can also see the the ergonomics. It it kind of has this contour in the back that kind of matches the contour of your hand. Okay. Uh there are many gloves out there that where the back is like totally flat. So that's why it feels stiff on your hand. These will not feel stiff. So your hand, you know, slides right in very smoothly. I'll put my hand right in there. Boom. And then we have the two straps. One and two. Some people hate the two strap design. I love it. I love it because everyone's wrists are different. Some people have bigger wrist, smaller wrist, or whatever. Two straps just allows it to secure more more tightly. Kind of like laces. So, it's kind of cool. It's like the advantage of lace up gloves, but not lace ups. Um the leather quality, uh okay, I don't think the leather is like the highest quality, but is very doable. And then the padding. Um, I was told they have their own special padding for this. It's not the typical like foam fill or whatever padding that's used in gloves. Yeah. Yeah, it does feel very different. It's It's very It's dense. It's very dense, but it's not like stiffish. So, that's not helpful at all. You just have to punch with it to see for yourself. Um, the thumb is very straight. It's very comfortable. It doesn't have like a forced curve. You know, some gloves, um, I don't have any right now, but some gloves, they're like a big flap like this, but it feels stiff and it feels like it's trapping your thumb. Other gloves, they have like some kind of curve and then it's like, I don't know, it feels just kind like it's bending your thumb to a shape that is maybe more for someone else than for yours. Um, but this is a very comfortable thumb. It's kind of spacious, roomy. You feel secure and I like it. I I feel like I can punch solid. It's like a missile. It's built like a missile. Um, also too, you can feel these gloves. They have kind of like a competition like point point sparring vibe. You know, typically in when you look at competition gloves, they're very round, right? And then they have the the white this color white here. So the the the judges can see that that you scored with the front with the white area of the gloves. Other than that, it's very comfortable. Uh it's made well enough. Uh you know, the leather is kind of slim. It's not wool piping. It's kind of thin binary piping here, but the price I believe is like $90 or maybe 110, something like that. And they are my, you know, they're my favorite second place pair for cheap gloves. I like them. They're fun to use. Do I think they're soft enough for sparring? Almost there. Almost there. I don't think they're quite soft enough for sparring yet, but very close. But for bad work and all that, and for, you know, for $9, $100, these are very functional gloves. I like the two strap idea. I just I like that they have their own unique design. And kind of cool too where they put the holes all in the palm right where a lot of your sweat is anyway. Um but in longevity and all that. I don't know. Um oh also I do like the webbing here in the finger. They have like a whole like a thick webbing piece. You know there are a lot of other gloves they use like a thin little leather and it's it it gets stressed a lot and it often tears the glove at those points whether on the thumb or on the knuckle side. But yeah it's made well enough. It's a cheap and functional glove. Has unique design. Very comfy feel. very straight like mistleike feel and uh I actually enjoyed I enjoy working out with these. So um I do recommend them. Yeah. Another thing about these gloves that's very interesting is the lining. So if I open up right here, you can see right here there's like a little like sockish like suede material. It's a little patch right here that's kind of like a soft spur suede. And then after that everything else is like smooth lining. I think it's kind of cool. It's a unique idea. What I'm guessing what it is is that it's there to catch the sweat, right? So, it's there to catch the sweat and also grip you grip your wrist, you know, make it feel secure. And then the rest is a smooth lining so you can get your hand in and out easily. Uh that's a cool touch. I think it's it's interesting. But, um yeah, the line is very the lining is very comfortable and yeah, now the lining does kind of like float around in there. It does kind of like feel like a little loose bag, but I mean it it is fine. You can get your fingers in, you can grip, you can make a nice fist. Um, if you're trying to open your hand for pairing, uh, maybe these gloves are not the easiest, right? You can see it forces your hand into a knuckle shape. But, I mean, it's very relaxed. It's easy to make a fist. You feel very secure. Like, the glove very naturally rolls into a fist. It's already in the shape of a fist. Then, when you hit, boom, the impact rolls into a fist. Anyway, if you'd like to see other great boxing tips and guides and tutorials and all that, check out my website, expertboxing.com. Also, subscribe to my YouTube channel. Once again, I'm John from Expert Boxing. Thanks for watching.