Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing here to review for you a pair of top boxer gloves. They're made by I think his name is Uran Muhammad. He's in Pakistan. So this is very interesting because I'm not a fan of Pakistan made gloves. I don't believe they can make quality gloves. I don't believe that their country, their culture is built for quality. I think they're like one of those mass-roduced countries, you know, like China. China. Well, China is known for making high quality things like Apple iPhones, but they're also known for making, you know, just the cheapest cheapest cheapest stuff possible to just sell and make a profit. And Pakistan is kind of like that for leather goods. They just sell the cheapest cheap cheapest stuff. Um, they sell a lot of cheap gloves that, you know, the stuff you see on titleboxing.com that's selling for $150, you could buy that for $12, $8. So, it really is that cheap. So, um, like I said, I'm not a big fan of Pakistan because I don't believe that they make quality gloves. I don't believe that they use quality leather. The way they process it, I don't even think they know how. Um, and then the craftsmanship, I think, is lazy. They take shortcuts. They took corners. And they also, they don't have a culture for boxing. You know, Japan has a boxing culture. Mexico has a boxing culture. Even Thai Thailand has a boxing culture. Americans have a boxing culture. just that, you know, our cost of labor is so high that we wouldn't want to buy gloves made in America because of how much they cost. But anyway, and there's a guy named Urf Muhammad and he uh you know, I read about his story and this guy has has pretty much bought all the top gloves out there. He's opened them up. He's surgically dissected them and he's like tried to craft his own pu uh perfect glove. And he's tried it for many years, many models. He's learned steps along the way. He opened up old gloves and you know was just very you could tell you can tell this guy's like very personally fascinated by how you know by how the the glove makers the the the master glove makers from back in the days were making gloves and he tried to copy some of their techniques and then he also innovated some of his own or so the story was told. Anyway, I contacted him. I ordered some gloves cuz I want to see for myself. I heard good things and not only did I order some gloves, but I also spend some time with them to be able to review them for you today. So, first off, I got two gloves. I have the stock pair and I have a custom pair. So, I'm going to show you the stock pair first. They come with his logo. See? I don't know if the camera can Okay, they come with his logo right here. I I didn't care what stock pair he sent me. Actually, I just said, "Send me whatever pair." You know, I was hoping he'd send me a bad pair, right? I don't want people to make a special pair for me because they know I'm going to review it. So, um, he sent me a Pacquiao pair of gloves. So, uh, I will say this right off the bat when I look at these pairs of glove, this pair of gloves. I can tell right away whoever made this intended to make it with quality. I can tell right away. I don't know how much he sells these for. I think they're online. They're on eBay for $70, $80. Totally worth it. I've seen gloves being sold for $120. They're not made as well as this. The stitching is very tight. Uh, I wish I can show you another pair of Pakistan made gloves. Ah, here we go. Here we have a highly rated ring to cage. And here, you know, maybe later you'll just have to see close-up pictures on my website, but you can see this the stitching on this one is like twice as wide, right? Like between each stitch interval is is like the gap is twice as much. These are very tight, double stitched. So, I mean, this guy intended to have quality. Other funny things he did, you can tell I can tell when somebody does something unique to not just copy. He put a lot of holes. He put holes all over the glove to make it more breathable. I think it's funny, but I I appreciate it. I know cuz I never seen this whole pattern before. Another thing is that the way he built the thumb is very comfortable. I won't give away a secret because I won't give away everything, but I can totally tell like I can totally tell that he was inspired by winning gloves because of the winning thumb is like small and curved. You know, most thumbs out there, they're kind of big and floppy like this. I'm going show you that. I'm show you another thumb out here. Okay, this these are Pakistan made. So, you can see it's it's a big floppy thumb. It's it's like a wing like a star wars wing. So, the thumb is very ergonomic, very comfortable. The strap is high quality, secure. So, like I they're 14 oz, but I feel very protected. They're good. Um, a padding feels good. It's solid. I hit the bag. How does the cushion feel? Is it like winning? Because this guy, this guy's really trying to copy the top brand. He's trying to mix like a bit of the grant, a bit of the winning, something very cushion, soft, pillowy, but at the same time like nice support, feels solid when you hit the bag. So, I like that. Also, the gloves are very ergonomic. I had some female friends uh look at these pairs of gloves side by side with other gloves. And you know, even they could tell that there was something very ergonomic about these gloves. You you can't you won't notice it at first. U but when when you hold them side by side with other gloves, you can see it. Other gloves are kind of like big pillow kind of stiff and boxy. You know, if I I show you right here, you can see this. There's a little bit of a contour right here to to fit more of this part of the hand because the back of the hand is not flat. And a lot of gloves are flat on the back of the hand, the back of the hand. But right here, we have a little bit of this thing. And and you see he has this. It's very ergonomic. I think it's cool. And then also the thumb. You see his thumb kind of sharpens up. It's smaller. It's more comfortable. I don't know what it is. I think doing this smaller thumb is harder to do because maybe the way that that you have to bend the leather around to make it look nice and normal. You see right here, they don't his thumb wasn't as small, but already you see all these like like like wrinkles that you have to tack on. And maybe it's a pain in the butt to make. I don't know. I don't make gloves, but but that's what I'm feeling when when I look at different brands and stuff. So, these were the stock pair. So, people are asking me, "Oh, is there a difference between the stock pair and the custom pair?" Uh, yes, there's a difference. So, the stock pair, I don't know what these go for. I think they're very fairly priced for what you get. They do feel like a solid pair of gloves that are intended to be quality. Um, I think, like I said, probably $78 something where maybe even 100. I don't know. I think they're they're very fairly priced. Now, let's get to the custom gloves. I got black and gold. I love these. This is not real crocodile. This is croc print. Okay. This is croc printed leather. So it's not real crocodile. First off, right off the bat, I started laughing already. You can see the thumb. This this for me this the signature of of signature. He makes a very comfortable thumb. You see it's very ergonomic. You put it in. Oh, it is a pillow all the way around everything is he really did capture like the pillowy essence of winning. Now is the leather is the foam the same? No, it is not the same. Winning has their own special foam formula. It feels different. It's like pillowy but also very protective. It's This is not that, but this is also very very protective. If somebody wanted to argue with me and say that uh top boxer gloves were more protective, I wouldn't argue with them at all. I would say yeah, I can see why you would say that. Um they're very protective. Now, when you do custom gloves, he will ask for your hand measurements like the the length of your hand, your wrist, and the the the palm width, and he'll build the glove exactly for your hand. He built for me. I love mine. They feel perfect. They feel perfect. Perfect. They are a joy to train with. I love punching. I love punching all kinds of things with them. They feel great. Now, let's talk about the interesting on here. It was funny. Uh, you know, I talked to him about welted seams because I I asked him about, you know, glove construction, what he felt. I wanted to know his opinion. It was funny because he talked to me about welted seams. Welted seen is this thing right here where you see you see a little slice of leather like kind of the edge of the leather in between the leather gaps, right? You know, and he was telling me, "Hey, you know, back the old school the old school days, they used to do welted seams for, you know, higher quality construction and longer lasting." Well, he said, "Nowadays, we don't need to do that. There's other ways to make a glove last long." So, he told me that, but then my glove had welted seams. So, I kind of laughed about that. Right here, I don't know. So, let's talk about the unique things. Uh, I appreciate the really tight stitching. Really, really, really tight stitching. Like, this guy wants a glove to last. You could tell is an A quality, super tight stitching. The the way the the the leather was wrinkled, you know, he he wrinkled it very perfectly. It's very clean and very balanced. A lot of times the the wrinkles are kind of messy, like more on one end than on the other. Um, but you can tell the way they build the wrinkles. Even this right here, you know how he wrinkled it on the the curve of the thumb, then right here was very smooth at the tip. It takes a lot of time, man. I can I can feel it right here. The, you know, I've never seen anybody stitch the side like that. They have a welted seam and then they have this little outside stitch. I don't know. Like something feels very extra about it. It's very unique. I wouldn't even know how to judge it. And I would have to wear these gloves for a long time and and and to watch them fall apart, you know, to to to really be able to judge. Um, right here, I noticed he he choked the end of the fist right here, or not choked, but but it was stitched in right here. That's kind of cool. You know, a lot of other gloves, you see, like this one, it didn't have that, right? It just the bar just goes all the way across. So, I can feel the little extra measures. Also, right here, he has kind of like a bar right here. It's kind of interesting. It's like it's like a parry bar or I don't know if you you want to chop a kick, block a kick, but it it's very cool, you know? It's a it's a very cool way to give you like a little blade to um block punches. Other than that, you know, I love the design. You know, he he also he poked a whole bunch of holes. There's extra holes in here for breathability. But yeah, the quality is great, the protection is great, the craftsmanship is great. The only thing that we need to do is I just need to beat up these gloves for 5 years and and be able to tell you, you know, give you the final say right now. What about the leather quality? You know, do I feel the leather quality is as good as winning? No, I don't. I like that when I smell these gloves, I don't smell like uh heavy chemicals. you know, some Pakistan gloves or or you know, or some Mexican gloves, they smell a lot of heavy chemicals. It smells clean, you know, but do I think it's a highest grade leather? No, I do not. Um, so only time will tell how well the leather will last. I absolutely love my custom gloves. I don't know. I think you can make for $150 or so. These are so worth it. They feel so uh super comfortable. He thought of everything. If I could describe it, you know, I also appreciate the quality laces as well. Okay. Um, what can I say? The the protection is great, the feel is great, the construction is great. I appreciate the unique design, everything's good. The only thing left is they need to stand the test of time and then I can tell you guys where they hold up against all the other, you know, the big brands, Reyes, winning Rival Dinardo. Anyway, if you like this video, you like the reviews, boxing guides, please check out my website, expertboxing.com. Also, subscribe to my YouTube channel. Thanks for watching.