Kind: captions Language: en I'm John from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you guys about the usefulness of a jab. This is something I get a lot of comments on my channel from obviously what I think are a bunch of beginners or people that never fought in their lives, a bunch of martial artists and guys that don't know what they're talking about. They read Jack Dempsey's a championship fighting book and then now they're leaving comments saying that, "Oh, you don't need a jab because jabs are so weak. They don't have enough power. They don't do every thought. every shot you throw should be a hard knockout punch or it's a useless punch blah blah blah. So, I'm going to break down the logic behind that because I'm I think some people are are genuinely curious to know. Uh first off, you go to any boxing gym, you talk to any coach, you look talk to any world champion or even average amateur boxer, not a single person out there is going to tell you you don't need a jab. You need a jab. Even if you even if you think that you don't need a jab to win a championship, you need to have a jab. Okay? You need to have a threat of a jab to even to to even go without the jab. So, we'll start there. So, first off, the whole idea, the mentality is that every shot you throw has to be a hard knockout punch or else it's a wasted punch. I'm going to put it to you this way. You know, boxing at the lowest levels is a street fight. Okay? At the lowest levels is a street fight. Brawling. Okay? Okay. So imagine two guys coming swinging for the fences trying to knock each other out. I can totally see how if you come from that mentality that your mentality is like it's a street fight that your mentality is in a street fight you you want to see who can commit more, who can throw more power, who can make your shot count more. But when you watch a highle fight, none of those dudes commit. They stay far out. It's like boxing is a game of non-commmitment. All these guys using the range, using the reach, they they're testing you. They're testing you. They're testing. They don't punch first. They wait for you. You throw your big punch. They come in. They throw the hard counter and they knock you out because you committed yourself. So in boxing really, it's a game of faints. It's a game of not committing. It's a game of I touch you, but I don't commit all my body weight. Well, I attack you, but I don't commit all my my my movement into the space. I just kind of set the range. I just get a little contact. I score. And then when the the timing is right, I land a big shot. Um, another thing about boxing too is that even at the highest levels, you know, you're going to miss. You're going to miss anywhere from 75 to 50% of your punches. So, if you're throwing every shot as a knockout punch, guess what that leaves you? You're going to be tired. You're going to be swinging yourself off balance. You leave yourself vulnerable. So, you need lighter punches to allow you to just, you know, to allow you to miss without overcommitting. Sometimes you don't know that your opponent is going to be there. So, you have to test. You don't really know. I'm not going to just walk all the way in thinking he's going to be there for my my number one, you know, 100% hardest knockout punch. I can't. I have to test it. This is the only way. So, for all the guys who thinking you don't need a light shot, I think you need to learn how to fight. You need to go to the gym and see for yourself. Uh, you know, what what guys do. There's a lot of, you know, there's a lot of chess match. They move around, they touch, they move around. Okay? You look at some of the the best boxers in history. You look at Muhammad Ali, he got jab. Uh Larry Holmes got a jab. Lennox Lewis got a jab. Even the biggest knockout punchers, they still have a pretty good jab. Triple G, huge knockout puncher. What else does he have? He also has a big jab. Okay. Now, how much power should you have? Think about it this way. Because people out there, they're so one-dimensional. They think like either, you know, they're all nothing, right? They think either you have a super incredible, super hard jab, which for me, if you're twisting and and rotating pivot, it is a left cross. It's not a jab. So they think either you have the superpower knockout jab or you have crappy little light jabs. And that's not the way to think. The way to think is you need to have a little bit of everything. If you're a tall guy and you're trying to keep a short fighter weight, you don't commit yourself to that jab. Why? You commit yourself to that jab, he throws a huge overhand right over the top. And I'll tell you this, no matter how hard your jab is, it will not be stronger than his big overhand right. So it's dumb to put yourself in a position to trade for it. Right? you're a tall guy, you know, just touch him, keep him away, keep him away, keep him away, keep him away. So, it's a weapon for you to use. Or other times, you see that this guy's vulnerable to your jab. Every jab you throw lands, okay? I step to him, bam, and I and I fire straight down the the line and I hurt him. You know, we don't take anything away. If I teach a lighter jab, it doesn't mean that I I'm trying to take away your knockout jab. Or if I teach a knockout jab, doesn't mean that I'm saying you should never use light jab. We we use hard punches to cause damage. Other times we need shots to to just set up shots. Other times we need to touch a guy to to open him up somewhere else. Okay? Or other times the way their defense, the way their movement is, I mean, that's just how fighting is. Sometimes you're not you're never going to be able to hit a guy square with a hard shot. So you just touch him with what you can. And it's a it's annoying. Maybe it's a boring fight to you, but it's just a thinking chess mask. It's a touching fight. And this is something you would know if you actually fight. So that's all I got to say on that. You know, learn everything, try every style before you discard, right? So pick up every technique before you think you're in a place where you're good enough to discard techniques that champions fighters have been using. So, you know, use your use your logic here. You know, test your logic and and and go out there and get some real experience to know um whether or not you really need the jab. I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. You enjoyed this video, you want to see more great boxing tips, subscribe to my YouTube channel and also check out my website, expertboxing.com. Thanks for watching.