Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you about using light punches for boxing. Light punches. Very beautiful, very useful weapon in boxing. Commonly used by the more advanced, the more skilled fighters. And it allows them to be faster and more tricky and do more unexpected things. Beginners don't use light punches because beginners are all about power. They don't know how to make anything useful or they don't know how to make anything effective unless they add power to it. So they're always trying to throw powerful punches, always trying to have powerful movements, quick movements of defense, powerful footwork. You know, that's what beginners rely on. They always rely on power, but it limits you. But I'm going to try to share some ideas, help you uh think beyond that. First benefit of light punches is faster because I'm not committed to rotating, pivoting, moving my whole body. I'm not trying to send my body. I'm just trying to send the hand. So to be fast and and when throwing a light punch, it's easy. Just, you know, send the hand. It's like a quick slap. I'm close enough to my opponent. I think I can reach him. I just It's like a slap with the knuckles. Very unexpected. So, if you want to be faster in some moment, why not? You just touch him and you might make him react in a way, you know, where he he doesn't like it and he opens himself for your real power shot. All right. So, let's say your normal shots aren't fast enough. Maybe now just by throwing a light punch, not power punch, you can be a little faster and get that shot in. Another thing you can do with light punches, benefit of light punches, you can throw it from any position. I could be here, here, here. Okay, maybe we're falling around in the clinch. Okay, I just touch him anywhere. You have to know that people don't like getting touched. They don't like contact. I can hit a guy with a like two pounds of force, but if I hit him two pounds of force in the eye, he's not going to like it. They they they don't like being touched. So, if you can touch him from unexpected weird positions, weird unexpected angles and very fast, much faster than he expected, you can surprise him. You can get a reaction out of him and make him then because he's uncomfortable, open himself up and become vulnerable to your your real your real powerful attacks. If I make it any lighter, it becomes a faint, you know, just a faint. And I see what he does. All right. Maybe uh, you know, maybe not just the hand, but maybe I have to put a little more shoulder into it to to to make him really think something's going to happen. Or I can throw a bunch of light punches together, and it's a shoe shine combination. It's a quick flurry. So, you see a lot of guys just flurry, you know, just surprises him. It just blitzes him a little bit. The more advanced fighting is really a lot about speed and reaction, you know, making him react in a certain way to really expose himself to your shot. The more skilled guys, I mean, they're they're always ready. So, if you do something they they they don't expect, then you will get a nice reaction from them and you can take advantage of that. On the other hand, if you're always thinking power, because you're always thinking power, now you have to stay perfectly straight, perfectly balanced, everything comes perfectly down the middle and everything becomes kind of predictable. Okay? But here and there, you you do do a little weird thing and then throw a real power shot. So, open your mind. If you're always thinking power, you will be limited by that. Forget about the power. Get down to, you know, use light punches. Use them to your advantage. They give you a little extra speed. give you, you know, weird positions, allow you to be trickier, more tactical, allow you to surprise the opponent, make him react in a different way, and expose himself for your more powerful shots. I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.