Kind: captions Language: en I'm John from Expert Boxing. Now, I'm going to answer a question fans ask me all the time. Hey, how old is too old to be a boxer? How old is too old to be an amateur winner, Olympic champion, professional champion, all that. So, first off, it's never too old to learn how to box. Have fun, have fun sparring, move around, feel like a total badass. Get in get in incredible shape and do things with your body that you thought you would never be able to do. You're never too old for that. And to learn even real boxing, yes, it it can take 5 10 years or something, but time flies, guys. Time flies, you know. I mean, it's like it's just yesterday, you saw your aunt and then like two Thanksgiving went by and 5 years happened already. So, time really flies. You pick it up, you love it, you just do it and before you know it, you've got some expertise in something or you've got some experience in something. So, I would say this about now in regards to competition typically I I will tell you the most ideal scenario is you try to be born uh in like an Olympic year. So I would say for example a a great age would be to turn 17 for the summer Olympics. Okay. And by then you've you know you start boxing what four five whatever. By 14 15 16 your national level. At 17 your body is like you know starting to have some man strength on it. At 17 you go for the Olympics right? You can you represent your country and try to win the Olympic gold. And if you do great 18 you turn professional and you start fast tracking your way for world title. Now, let's say you do not win an Olympic title at 17. This is why it's great that you tried it at 17 because then what you do is you come back at 21. You're still young enough to go for the Olympic title. Hopefully, you win it then. And then from 21, 22, you turn pro. Boom. And then you you you go for the titles, right? And your professional career can last all the way up till 26, 28, 30. You probably starting to age out, right? Or you lose a hunger. You know, you won the title already. You're making lots of money. you busy partying, hanging out with the girls or when whatever you have to do. Now, what if you're born uh you turn 16 on an Olympic year? Well, you turn 16 on Olympic year. I think the 16-year-old body is a little too young. You don't have the man strength kicked in yet. Well, actually, even 17, you don't have man strength, but you're stronger. But 16, I think your body is a little too young. You're not strong enough to compete because other countries, they have like grown men competing in there. 16, a little too young. Um, but what you do is you compete at 20 and then you only got one shot at the Olympics, right? Because then at 24, uh, by then you might want to turn pro, then then to try going for the Olympic title again. And likewise, the the US Olympic trials or whatever country you're in, maybe the Olympic trials are so hard that to save your body to to to go for the amateur amateur gold, that that kind of grind, maybe you should have spent it in the pros, get paid, get some recognition, or maybe your style is just better for the pros. When is it too late to turn pro? So, let's say you start boxing at 20. That's very tough because that means you got four years, okay? Let's say 3, four years, okay? Like age 20, you got three, four years. You're going to blow one year being a noob, right? You're not going to pick up boxing that fast. There tons of talented fighters that come into boxing. Okay? It's going to take you one year. One year to pick it up. And then now you got two, three years to develop yourself in the amateurs. You got to fight every weekend. Rack of 20, 30, 40 fights, right? fighting fighting in the open division where there's guys that have 100 200 fights fighting 10 years been fighting since they're 5 8 10 years old I don't know that that's safe but if you think you got it you think you can train so hard that you will erase somebody else's 10 year advantage on you that's on you to decide okay that's another thing I would tell you I don't decide your future right I I tell you what common sense is and it's up to you to say you know John I don't believe in that I'm going prove you wrong you go out you prove me wrong you don't need my permission mission to be amazing. So go out there. So now 3 4 years that you blown in the amateurs because you need development time or okay you turn pro at 24 by age 24 I mean you can fast trap your way to the title but you know even if you're very good you're knocking everyone out some other guys or or maybe you're not knocking everyone out but you undefeated but your style is not exciting. That's another issue too. The more exciting your style, the the faster it is, the easier it is to get a fan base and to get fights, right? Because promoters love to to put on to put on fun fights for the for the fans, for the sport. So, age 24, you turn pro. What? And then you you fight. Well, I mean, you know, depend if you get beat up for a fight. By the way, if you get beat up, you have a lot of damages, cuts, scars, or you had to get um oh my god, I forgot. Stitches. Stitches. You have to get stitches. you know, the medical, the commissioner, the examiner, he's going to go, "Eh, you're not ready. I'm not going to let you fight again until 6 months." Right? That means you can only have two fights a year. So, you have to win so perfectly that you can rack up 10, 20 fights. And somebody's going to give you 10 20 fights in 2 three years. And then that you can work your way up to a title and then you get a title at 27. By then, you have 2, three years with a title. By age 30, you can retire. There are some guys maybe they turn pro late at 25 26 they turn professional late but they really they're so diligent they don't do nothing else okay fun with your friends forget about drinking forget about going to clubs forget about even hanging out with your family forget about it you know some people go oh I want to do boxing and support my family I'll tell you this you know sometimes supporting your family means actually being there for your family okay not being chasing your own childhood glory dreams that you saw in a movie um that That's just my two cents. That's real talk. Uh, you know, turning pro at 25 or even at 30 or 28, like I'm 26. I want to turn pro and win a championship. You can turn pro. Uh, maybe you win a small little regional title, but to win a professional championship against guys with amateur Olympic experience, a huge, massive amateur background. They've seen every style out there. You haven't even seen every style out there, right? Are you going to go out there and spar everyone? It's a lot to think about. But like I said, you do not need my permission to break records. You don't need my permission to overcome odds and and tradition and and and wisdom and and common sense advice. You can do your own thing, you know, create your own destiny. And it's up to you. Who knows? Maybe your body won't age at 30 and 35. Maybe your body will last until you're 50. You know, that's not my place to tell you what your limitations are. That's for you to find out. And boxing is one of the best sports to find your limits. So, go out there, get started. Don't waste your time asking me how old is too old. Oh, will I ever make it? I don't know. You decide that every day in training, not by asking me, getting a an answer for questioning a guy over the internet who's never met you, doesn't know anything about you. You know, that's for you to decide. I'm John from Expert Boxing. For more great boxing tips, subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my website, expertboxing.com. Thanks for watching.