Kind: captions Language: en I'm John from Extra Boxing here with Will the Power Quicks out of West Chicago. Topic for today, how to aim for the liver shot. So, this is a really funny topic because every time I talk to people or actually every time people ask me questions, I feel like there's a little confusion over the where the liver is. So, there's some people who think it's here in the side, some people think it's here in the back, right around the elbows. And actually, it's it's right here. It's just right. It's right here. It's like to the side of your six-pack. A little bit side of the six-pack. Slightly below the solar plexus. Like right on the edge of the rib cage. That's where it is. Okay. Right here. It's on the front of the body. Not the side or the back. It's the front of the body. So, how how I aim for it personally, I know Will has got to have different techniques. We can't be the same. Yeah. Not today. We can't be the same. Uh, how I aim for it is like wherever his arm is protecting, I actually try to punch there. Right there is where I aim. Right where the elbow is where I aim. Now, of course, there some fighters are very good at blocking with the elbows. Very painful. So, when they block with the elbow, I actually aim a little higher than the elbow. And I keep hitting that shot. And at some point in the fight, it's going to be in the middle of his right hand. Boom. And that gets in. What I don't like to do personally, this is just my, you know, every coach is gonna say something different. What I don't like to do is that when they block that, I try to reach and I try to get behind or get closer and try to go. If you go behind the elbow, you will cause a lot of damage, too. But I just try to aim exactly where the arm is and at some point in the fight, the flow will happen. Boom. Right there. I will catch the shot that I want. Okay. So, that's where it is. That's the angle I'm going for. That's that's very specifically where I'm aiming for. I'm not trying to get around the arm. I'm aiming right where it is. And that's how I set it up. You know, I think one of the there's a lot of sayings in boxing. There's a lot of terminologies in boxing. There's a lot of uh you know, figure of speeches. They say don't admire your work. And I think this goes perfectly for this, too. You know, if you're always focusing on one thing, you forget about everything else. So, if your point is to hit the liver shop, just let it happen incidentally. Don't don't just try to go for every single time. You don't you still got to work your jab. You still got to worry about what they're going to throw. And throughout that chaos, maybe one hook is going to land right in the liver shot. You know, the the only way you're going to actually get that punch is when you want to step. So, the wider your feet, you got more torque. You got more twist. You got more hips involved. When your feet are too close together, all you have is arm power. You want your leg to get in there. So, you turn, you get that nice upper reach. It's like an uppercut hookish kind of style. And then you're just trying to turn as much as you can into that punch. The liver shot. That's the question I was be answering because a lot of people were asking about the liver shot. The liver shots right here in the front, like to the side of the six-pack a little bit. Okay. But anywhere else that you hit, if you can hit it, it's still valuable. It still will be painful. And if anything, you hit somewhere else, you hit more around the back, he might shift his elbow to the back and expose the front a little more. We'll talk about that next. Thanks again for watching John from X Boxing. And with the power cos.