Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Right now, I'm going to talk to you about why Mike Tyson's Peek-ab-boo stance is not a good idea to use all the time and why it's not a good idea for most of you. So, first off, if the stance works for you, you're winning it with it, you like it, keep it, keep doing it. I'm not telling you never to use a stance. I'm just saying don't make it your default stance all the time. I'll explain why. First problem with the peekaboo stance, it's very defensive. This forces you on the defense. Why? Because your arms, your weapons are committed to defense. So everything I want to do, I have to block first, then counter. Block first, then counter. Right? Block, then counter. If you have to block first and then counter, you're always one step behind your opponent. Whereas if I slip, I can slip and counter at the same time. Slip and counter at the same time. Right? So that means I can attack much sooner. And you'll see that the best fighters save their arms for offense. The best fighters, they use head movement to defend. They use shoulder movement, their shoulders to defend. They use uh footwork to defend. And then they save their arms purely for attacking. They're not taking away their weapons and committing their weapons to defense. That makes it very hard for you to be aggressive, which is something a lot of people don't understand. Most uh fighters that use a peekab-boo stance, Winky Wright, Joshua Clotty, Arthur Abraham, defensive, very defensive fighters. Mike Tyson is the the exception, and I'll explain why later. So, very hard for you to attack. The arms are stuck at home all the time. Okay? Try to find another way to defend so you can use your arms for offense. Another problem with the peekaboo stance, the peekaboo style, is a lot of times it's very unnecessary. When I look at people watching it, to me it looks unnecessary. When you're in range of your opponent, you should be attacking. It doesn't make any sense why you're in range and you're the one defending. He's the one attacking. So, you actually might not need it. Let's say I'm out of range. The moment I come into range, I can attack. When I get into range, I attack right away. I don't need to defend. If I want to defend, I I'll stay out of range. Then when when I come into range, attack. Okay? or if I come into range and I defend, I defend and attack simultaneously. Okay? It doesn't make any sense why I'm in range and I'm defending. So, you have to understand this. Mike Tyson has to use the peekab-boo defense because he can't get into range or he's he's a shorter guy fighting big tall heavyweights. He has a 1 ft arm reach uh disadvantage. And so, for him, he has to be in a defensive position because he's not in range. But once he gets into range, he opens and he fires. So you have to understand this. A lot of guys think it's cool to just be in range and be defending while in range. When you're in range, you're attacking. If you're defending, it's because you're out of range. If you and your opponent have the same arm reach, you you kind of don't really need the peek-ab-oo uh stance. And if you have a longer arm reach than your opponent, you really don't need the peek-ab-oo stance. You can just attack and he can't touch you. He has to use it. Third thing, uh, with the stance, it's not a good style for the amateur system. In amateur boxing, if you're there, you're blocking, and your opponent throws 20, 30 punches and and you're just eating, you know, you're blocking, but but they're kind of, you know, it's kind of looks like it's getting through, the referee will will come in there and call a standing eight on you. It's basically like calling a knockdown on you. It's not uh it's not effective. Amateur system, you have to fire back. You can't just sit there and wait. Lastly, the last disadvantage of the peek-ab-oo stance is um a lot of guys end up trying to use they try to master this stance. The peekab-boo stance is actually the easiest stance to use. So, just because you master this doesn't mean anything. If you want to master something, master being able to move around on your feet, move around, use head movement. Try to master using your body to defend, not using your arms to defend. Okay? Using arms to defend is very easy. So, if you want to build higher level boxing skills, try to do something more than just the peek-ab-oo. The peek-ab-oo stance is, if anything, it's your default stance. Everybody knows it. Everybody uses it when they get hurt. But when you want to attack, that's when you got to use a slicker, faster, more aggressive, more uh more skillful stance. So, that's all it is. Um, like I said, if it works for you, keep doing it. But if not, you know, here are some things to think about. I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Also, check out my boxing website, expertboxing.com, for more great boxing tips. Thanks for watching.