Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, I'm John from Expert Boxing here to do a review on the Winning boxing headgear. So, uh, Winning has two models. FG 2900, which is the cheeks model. Just basically imagine this, right? The cheek little cheek pads, but Winning, and then they have the FG5000, which is the face bar model. Uh, what can I say about these? These are my pride and joy. I got them in the pretty boy white color. Why is it the pretty boy white color? cuz it pretty much means you never bleed, right? So if you're a guy who bleeds a lot and you wear white, it really, you know, it just looks like you get beat up every day. So even if it's the other guy's blood. So um I love white color. I keep it clean. I don't bleed. Easy as that. What can I say? So uh why you know winning is very expensive. It's premium. And the two big reasons, one, best protection. Two, it's the lightest headgear. It is super light. Now this one is actually very light for a face bar. You can feel there's like a like a metal cage in here to protect you. But the their cheeks model is super super light. Like it's it's like a sock. It's like wearing I don't know if you guys put on super light shoes that feel like you're wearing socks. Okay. Winning is equivalent of that. It feels like you're wearing a beanie. It is that light. Okay. It doesn't feel like headgear. It doesn't feel like like something's on you, right? Like a harness on a racehorse. Doesn't feel like that. The comfort is great, you know. And when you buy winning headgear, actually, when you buy winning gear, I recommend that you go in person because these are all handmade. And like each set of gloves, each set of head gear is made a little different. I just went the other day. Uh we got my brother new gear, new winning gear. And it was very funny because some some of the gloves like the between the different colors, they were padded a little differently. Like one was thicker than the other. the headgear like uh one of them was you know the eyehole was a little bigger here or like you know is some colors the large fit me better than the extra large and another color the the medium fit me better than the large you know all kinds of so it's best if you can go in person you know um also too like because they're handmade they're not perfect so mine if I if I look right here I don't know if you guys can see there's like a like an ugly wrinkle right here some of their head gear like has really ugly wrinkles like all over the place it's it's like a tree right it's like the knots on a tree um some is made super smooth, super clean, like machine perfect. So, you know, um but anyway, protection is incredible. It is comfortable. It is super light. It is super super high quality. I'm very proud to wear winning. And you know, I get the face bar version cuz uh all the pros wear the face bar version. It just has more protection. I don't know. I feel more pro. So, if you have any questions, you can leave it in the comment section. Uh, these will run you could be about $500, you know. Um, I paid maybe like $460 for mine. Oh, by the way, winning headgear typically comes in synthetic. So, they usually make their gloves in real leather. They can also make them in fake leather. They use the highest quality fake leather, but when it comes to headgear, Winning likes to to make their headgear in fake leather. Again, it's still a very high quality fake leather. And the reason why for that is they believe that the the synthetic leather is more durable against the acid in your in all the sweat that comes off your head. So they believe that it lasts longer. And if you want leather head gear anyway, you can specify that and they will make you leather head gear. Same color, same design, same everything looks the same. They make everything the same for you. We're using real leather and it's even for the same price. So you know that that's it. Uh, and if you want custom colors and all that, I believe it's like a 30% up charge or same thing with the gloves. You want custom, 30% up charge. So, anyways, I'm very happy with these. These are awesome. I love them. I highly recommend them if you're boxing seriously or even not seriously, you want to protect your head, winning headgear is the way to go, man. The uh they can't be beat. You know, they're a legend on the street for a reason. I'm Johnny from Expert Boxing. If you like this video, check out my website, expertboxing.com. Also, subscribe to my YouTube channel. Thanks for watching.