# What is this person talking about on the relationship between judo and BJJ?

What is this person talking about on the relationship between judo and BJJ? In this chat a person writing what to me looks like a very confusing thing they are saying, said: Actually, Judo did branch away from Brazilian jiu jitsu in a manner of speaking prior to the Olympic games post-WWII. Prior to then, it had more emphasis on ground grappling. BJJ and Judo were once a lot more similar. That's actually what I originally thought you meant. BJJ branched off from Judo prior to then, but Judo also got away from BJJ-like practices. No big deal. I do think "Jiu Jitsu" is used enough to mean BJJ that it can be confusing to use it. Mostly I only see the British refer to Japanese jujitsu as "jiu jitsu"." I replied: I understand that modern judo focuses on takedowns, because of the Olympics and the rules made for television, but I'm not asking about modern judo. B) Judo got in the olympics and focussing on throws in the 60s, most people had not even heard of BJJ until the 90s. BJJ had nothing to do with the development of Judo.. let alone the bizarre claim you make about branhing off that you got backwards. BJJ branched off Judo, in no way was it the other way around at any time. Modern Judo focussing on throws had nothing to do with BJJ's influence or lack thereof. Then they didn't really explain themselves. Note- I'm not going to write just plain "jiu jitsu" because I understand that could be misinterpreted. As in the UK it means JJJ. And elsewhere (e.g. USA and Europe I suppose), JJJ is only spelt JuJutsu i.e. Japanese JuJutsu. So writing just plain "jiu jitsu" might be taken to just specifically BJJ. So I'll write JJJ and BJJ, "Brazilian Jiu Jitsu" and "Japanese JuJutsu"! From what I understand, you have JJJ/Jujutsu, then Judo branched off of that and was known as Kano Jujutsu. And BJJ branched off of Judo, keeping just the Nawaza. And in the 1960s with the televised olympics, Judo dropped the Nawaza/ground grappling and focused just on throws. I am a bit baffled as to what that person was talking about in the chat though?