# Disabled BJJ - worth a try?

I'm 43 and got myself a spinal cord injury 16 years ago that keeps me in a wheelchair most of the time. I can stand and walk with crutches and have some decent (for a quadriplegic) upper body mobility but definitely impaired strength, balance and function to say the least. Pre-injury I was a relatively fit and athletic person and always interested in martial arts. With the rising popularity of BJJ, and my need/want to continue to build strength and coordination (lest I lose it quicker than you can bat an eye) as well as participate in physical activity other than the gym is drawing me in that direction. I've spoken to people/practitioners in person and even an instructor at a friend's school way way out who have said, seemingly patronisingly, "go for it buddy", but I've never felt enough sincerity in that to believe that it would actually be something feasible to learn, much less something a school would be willing to take on, or even how that would work. My suspicion is that in person, people are trying to sugarcoat (not my style), but in reality it might not be feasible. Hence my presence here. It's no secret that people feel more comfortable setting the sugarcoating aside with the anonymity of the interwebs... this time it's working in my favor, I hope. I haven't been able to find much info online and getting it straight from the horses mouth is always better anyway. But all this is to say, is BJJ something someone in my position could pursue in a manner more less of that of an able-bodied person? I know I can pay anyone to do anything (rather people can be paid to do anything), but between physical therapists, recreational therapists and the general population, I get enough of that. My question is: is it worth inquiring with some local schools to find what I'm looking for? If the general consensus is "probably not", it's not some obstacle I have an undying drive to overcome. I'd rather save everyone the time and awkwardness and continue weights, swimming, skiing and the rest of the stuff I've been doing, if that makes any sense. Sorry for the extra-long post. Any insight would be greatly appreciated.