# Beginners, follow 3 tips & you'll be better than 80% of new fighters in 6 months

I've been boxing for over a decade, I've seen many beginners come and go, and these simple tips make the biggest difference to boxing ability by miles.

If you and 14 others started boxing at the same time and only you followed these tips, in 6 months you'd be top 3 in your class at least (some people are naturally gifted and will always be better, that's just the truth).

I won't say how many hours per week you should train because hobbyists and fighters have different needs, fitness levels vary, and I don't know how many classes you attend. But be sensible: push yourself to get fitter; don't push too hard and injure yourself.

Here are the 3 tips.

1. Drill fundamental techniques for 50% of training time (not including classes).

Use a heavy bag and: keep your guard high and chin tucked; throw single & combo punches as slow as you need for proper technique and speed up as you get better; step laterally and/or out-in every 5-10 punches; bob, weave and/or duck every 1-5 punches. Do 3 minutes on, 1 minute off, repeat.

2. Do HIIT for 50% of training time (not including classes). 

Fitness beats as many boxers as skills. Even 3 x 2 minute rounds is more exhausting than you can imagine.

Across the week you should mix interval running with drills of jump rope, push ups, sit ups, planking and burpees/squat thrusts. These are the only exercises you need. If you can't jump rope, bounce on the balls of your feet like you're Ali dancing on the spot. 

Everything except running should be done for 1 minute, rest 30 seconds, then the next activity, and repeat.

3. Get comfortable being hit (only in sparring!).

I regularly see people overreacting to punches by flinching, turning, covering up or getting angry. You must develop control.

You will get hit sometimes but if you've been following tip 1, your defence will stop most punches getting through. 

Build up your confidence by sparring weekly and remind yourself to stay calm, use your defence and watch for when punches become opportunities (e.g. leaving gaps, dropping hands).