# My tips to beginners

I've been boxing for three years now. I've probably spent around 600-700 hours in the boxing gym and on the road. I've had a lot of exposure to talented boxers and experienced coaches and I have learned quite a bit about the sport. I'm going to list some very useful tips that nobody ever told me when I started boxing. 

1. You're not here to take punishment.
This is something my coach used to tell me often when I sparred. I used to just keep my hands up, in double-cover mode and take shots. My defence and head movement was non-existent.  It's not healthy and you can get hurt by taking punches like that over a long period of time. Work on moving your head all the time and slipping punches. This will lead to a more prolonged boxing career. 

2. A good coach won't use you as cannon fodder for his boxers.
If you go to a gym, and the coach doesn't give you much attention but asks if you want to spar some of his guys then he doesn't care about you and won't invest any effort in improving you. Once you get to a certain level, you can go to different clubs to spar. If you are a beginner, spend a good year just at your gym under the supervision of your coach. He knows you best and won't use you as fodder.

3. Conditioning is key.
You will never get to the point where you are fit enough. Achieving fighting fitness is never ending journey. Boxing is an endurance sport that requires anaerobic fitness. If you are just starting out in boxing and are not in shape, conditioning should take up 50% of your workouts. You should always be pushing yourself in training. If you aren't breathing out your ass then you aren't working hard enough. You won't be able to be 100% all the time, but the point is that you develop that discomfort in training, and you get used to it. For amateur boxing, there is no need to run longer than 5 miles unless you are trying to lose weight.

 I categorise running into three segments; long, medium and short distance. My long distance runs will be 3-5 miles at a fast pace. Recently I've been doing 4 miles at 7:15 minutes a mile. Medium distance runs are more open to interpretation and they can be altered depending on what you prefer. A good example is doing 3x3 minutes, just like you would do in a competition. Run for 3 minutes for as fast as you can and have a minute rest, then do it again. 
Another example is going on a full out run for 1 minute, resting for 15 seconds, running for 50 seconds, resting for 15 seconds, running for 40 seconds and so on. 

Short distance running is to give you that speed and explosiveness in the ring. Once you start doing sprints you'll notice how much stronger and faster you are when you are boxing. A good example is sprinting 100m, jogging back and doing it again. Better yet have someone put a resistance band on you while you do it. Do them uphill, add other exercises like skipping or shadowing boxing in-between to make them more intense. Keep the rests short and focus on giving the first part of your sprint 100%, even if it means coasting the rest of the run. You want to develop that explosive power and speed so when you're in the ring you're ready to shoot out a fast and powerful combination.

In terms of lifting weights and exercises, there are many different beliefs when it comes to increasing fitness and strength. Old school boxing coaches are usually against lifting heavy weights. They prefer intense endurance training. Sports scientists never have their boxers working to the point of exhaustion. That is because their boxers already have a high level of muscle endurance. When you are a beginner, forget about lifting weights to get strong. A good old-school routine that I sometimes use is the 30 second build up. You do one ab exercise for 30 seconds, rest for 30 seconds, do an ab exercise and a chest exercise for 30 seconds continuously then rest for 30 seconds. It is a cumulative exercise, after chest I add legs for 30 seconds, then go back to abs, chest and legs again. So you start off doing 30 seconds of one exercise and finish by doing 6 exercises straight with no break of 30 second exercises. It's important to mix it up and change the tempo of your exercises. If you want to lift weights, remember only do so to supplement your other training. Your muscular endurance is key.

4. Technique->Speed->Power
I see a lot of beginners blast the heavy bag with heavy shots but with poor technique and speed. It's important to train for power shots too but at first it's all about your technique. It won't come over night, but shadowboxing is imperative to developing good technique. Have a friend film you on the bags as well and look to improve all of your movements. Once you have good technique, that is ingrained to your memory then focus on throwing fast shots when on the bags, pads and in sparring. Power comes at the very end, it's over rated. Throwing powerful shots without speed and accuracy will tire you out and most often have you missing those punches. I've gassed out numerous times in sparring because I wanted to knock out my sparring partner. Speed isn't just how fast you can throw a punch, that's only 50% of it. The other 50% is how fast you can bring your hands back to your guard. Never forget that!

5.The only way you'll be a better boxer is if you spar.
Professionals don't spar as often as you might think. At that level, sparring is just implementing everything they learn on the bags and on the pads. Sparring keeps them sharp and they learn from it, they work on different things in the ring. When you're a beginner, you need to be comfortable being in the ring. You need to control your breathing, breath when you punch and take shots, keep your hands up, elbows tucked in etc. You're doing what pro's do, but because you haven't developed these habits you need to spar more. The more you spar, the more you will develop good habits and with the supervision of your coach, the more bad habits you will drop. It's only through sparring where you implement everything you've been training for. Don't be disheartened if you don't do as well as you want. I used to always look away when I got hit, i would flinch like a baby when I threw a punch because I was afraid of getting hit. Make small goals for your next session, like throwing a jab without flinching or looking away. It's all about the small changes you make.

6. Like most things, you'll take two steps forward and one step backwards.
Progress isn't linear in anything, it is no different with boxing. You may have an incredible session and do really well in sparring then feel tired and sluggish in your next session and not do well in sparring. You aren't getting worse, you're just having a bad day. It can be due to overtraining, dehydration and other physical influences. Over time you'll be able to read your body and you'll know if you're at your best or not. If you aren't feeling that great at training, just grind it out. Keep going. If it's time to spar, don't back out because you're afraid of your opponent getting the better of you. Learning how to box when you aren't at your best is a crucial skill that you'll need when you're in that third round, exhausted and dealing with your opponents punches. 

7. The fundamentals are everything, don't neglect them.
This is something I didn't really understand until maybe a year a go. My coach would tell me I was trying to run without learning how to walk. You can't skip these stages. You can't expect to land a 4 punch combo if you can't even land 1 or 2 punches. You can't expect to land a lead left hook if you can't even land a jab. I used to spar with my hands down and try act all flashy ( I still do sometimes lol and my coaches keep telling me off, but i don't do it in competitions)  All you need to do to succeed and do well as a boxer is have great conditioning, the desire to win and improve, and the fundamentals.
These things you must never neglect: 

-Hands up. Not just when you're walking around the ring. When your fists aren't hitting your opponent then they are at your chin, protecting your face. Don't drop them before you throw a jab, don't bring them back to your chest after you throw a combination. You may be in an exchange where keeping your hands up makes the difference between you being knocked out and your opponent being knocked out. 

-Keep your chin tucked in and move your head (always)
Even if you're a taller fighter its important to always move your head, it's a good habit and you become harder to read. You will develop a good rhythm and will slip punches easier. As for your chin being tucked in, once you make it a habit you'll notice you won't be getting your head rocked back from a jab.

-Start everything with the jab.
It's imperative to learn how to use your jab. Use it to measure distance, use it as a power shot to establish yourself in the centre of the ring, use it to distract your opponent before you throw your right hand. Whatever combination you want to throw, use that jab. If someone is rushing you, what do you do? If you have a strong jab then it can stop him on his tracks. Another extremely important thing: move your head when you jab. If you and your opponent both throw jabs you'll both be hit, unless one has the longer arms then it'll just be you getting hit. If you move your head to the right (left if you're a southpaw) then you're simultaneously slipping his jab while throwing your own while keeping that chin protected and tucked in!

-Footwork is super important
Never neglect footwork. What makes good footwork? Always having good balance when you're in the ring. Whether you're out of distance or in distance throwing a combination. Good footwork can protect you from getting knocked down and can allow you to throw good combinations. I used to have my legs to wide apart, this made my punches a lot weaker and made me less mobile. Have your feet the same distance apart all the time. A good rule of thumb is with every punch or upper body movement you create, your feet move with it. You throw a jab then your lead foot goes in with it. You throw a right hand after then you bring your back foot with it. I really wish someone told me this! Your feet and hands should be working together, they should be synchronised.

-STAY OFF THE ROPES!
Never stay on the ropes. Maybe when you get to an elite level you can practise your defence on the ropes. As of right now, when your back touches the rope you move away. Even if you're a defensive guru on the ropes, it doesn't look good to the judges. 


-Feints will always work
No matter what level your opponent, if you throw a believable dummy punch, they will react in some way. This is such an underused skill. It's the icing on the cake really. If you're fit, fast and precise, throwing feints can really take you to the next level. Even when you're a rank novice in sparring feinting can benefit you. Your opponent will always react in some way or another from a dummy punch so keep that in mind!

8. Be creative
I know that being creative in a sport like boxing may sound strange, but there is no hard science behind what makes a great boxer. There are different schools of thought in terms of conditioning- with old school and new age sports science but there is no one program that can make you an elite boxer. You need to learn from different people and experiment. The pad work in the Ingle gym is greatly different to the pad work in gyms in Mexico. That doesn't mean one is better than the other. Experiment with new training techniques. Try a different style of pad work, implement new exercises to your work out. This will also make things a lot more fun and exciting. The goal of pad work is to recreate a sparring/boxing situation. Your pad work should be purposeful. There's no point just doing the same 1-2's, or 4 punches and or 4 hooks over and over again. Go on youtube and watch how some pro coaches do pad work and imitate them. 

9. Learn from everyone.
Your coach should be your primary source of information and advice on improving. However, listen to what other people have to say, even if they aren't as experienced or qualified. What they say may still be relevant and can still help you. For example, a friend of mine who doesn't box but is very into his fitness told me that when it comes to lifting and certain exercises, technique isn't that important. When you're doing a pull-up, use your entire body. Why not? Why just limit yourself to your upper body. You use all parts of your body in boxing, so the sentiment stuck with me. When I throw a jab I'm using every ounce of muscle in my body. 
My first loss was against a boxer with loads more experience than me. He came to my gym a few times after and I learned a lot from him. One thing that stuck by me is when he told me to exaggerate my movements in training so when i'm sparring the movements will come naturally. E.g. if you throw a 1-2 then slip to your right, really exaggerate the slip. Roll under your right so that you're practically behind your partner.

---
This is some brilliant advice for beginners, only thing i'd add is if you don't have someone to record you shadow boxing so it in the mirror, i remember i spent hours upon hours just perfecting my technique at home after and before going to the gym, my coaches often get me to teach some of the newer boxers about technique now all because I practiced over and over.

---
*proceeds to put into Wiki*

*sees it's already there*

Today is a good day.

---
Thank you! I'm honoured. I'll edit this post, fix the grammar and add some more tips!

---
Awesome post, thank you. But, just to satisfy my inner pedantic: while throwing a jab using your whole body is a great habit, doing a pull-up using your whole body is crap and takes a lot of effectivity away.

---
yeah it was on my mind after i saw that. It's good to isolate muscles in fitness

---
Prolly a crossfitter giving him that advice

---
Great write up. 

Just a few things I want to add, and this is just from my experience, don't take it lightly. 

>If you aren't feeling that great at training, just grind it out. Keep going.

I think what OP meant is a physical condition or state of mind. If you absolutely feel like you have a cold, don't box. At the same time, you would do very bad if you have a lot of things in your mind. What I found useful was conditioning to make myself feel better before going to the gym, eat well, do chores then box. Having less on the mind affects performance. The grind is when you're in there, working and feeling it, if you feel great, you can absolutely do more.

>Feints will always work No matter what level your opponent, if you throw a believable dummy punch, they will react in some way.

It can and it cannot work. It really depends. For me, feinting takes a lot of energy. It's all about acting like OP says. My buddy and I have this feet planted, statue like style, we don't want to expand unnecessary energy. What we do is practice when to turn it up.

Also, not really sure about running. Again, works diff. for anyone. I rarely run, ever. If it's running, it's only about 10 minutes (or 3-5 rounds) on a treadmill.

Instead, I hop on the cycle and or just do squats/deadlifts. Like I said, it depends. I guess I focus more on explosiveness and control, which is why I prefer not moving too much and feinting and moving my hands too much in the ring. A part of my gym focuses more on adaptability, shape shift against a sparring partner. 

There are guys who don't run. Wilder I think is one. Taller guys. Bad for your knees. I myself rarely "jump" while on the ring. Though it's good to hop/jump when you run out of energy. This technique brings it back, this is why pros jump and hop around sometimes.

---
Good point, and yes I meant if you're just not feeling 100% its important to grind it out. If you're ill! Rest! Running isn't for everyone! As long as you're doing some cardio like swimming or running you're good!

---
This is something I always wondered, why do so many fighters hop and jump? I feel like it is just a waste of energy. What benefit am I missing ?

---
Try it. When you're super exhausted just hop and jump, it energizes your body and you can dish out again.

---
Sometimes it is a waste of energy.  But sometimes it helps the fighter be more agile in the ring, which helps them evade and counter and maintain the better position against the more flat-footed guy.

---
I feel like i owe you couple hundred bucks for this tips lol, Thanks a lot man

---
Nice read, really appreciate it, thanks. 

But I have to say something regarding the conditioning, because I think that those guides often say you don't need to run more than 5 miles in order to build your endurance for an amateur fight.. which is wrong to a degree imho. 

Sure, boxing is more anaerobic than other sports - I get that. 
But conditioning is not only about building a higher lactate-tolerance, it's also about improving your aerobic capabilities, so your body is able to get more work done in an aerobic state.. 

So you kind of want to delay the point at which you body accumulates lactate, which is also very helpful for boxing.. and yes I'm aware that you said the aerobic aspect is 50% of boxing-conditioning, personally I'd put this number a little bit higher, but that's just preference I guess.. 

But now back to my main point:

Aerobic running is also very important in your schedule simply because you can do it a lot more often than anaerobic training. 
You can basically run every day if you're training your aerobic capabilities, you can even speed up your regeneration with LSD-Runs.. 

Oh yeah and just some little extra, a 3mile race is about 88%-92% aerobic, even if it feels much more stressful and thus you are more inclined to think it's anaerobic, but it's not.. 
So by stating your 4mile time (which is even more aerobic) you more of point out your aerobic capabilities.. 

Well now I've written a shit ton and I feel like I've lost myself a little bit, but what I wanna say:
Imo running more than 4 miles is absolutely fine and even recommended, running every day to your anaerobic capabilities will leave you sore and hurt..

---
> a 3mile race is about 88%-92% aerobic,

Not the way I run them...
*Sprint, stop, gasp for breath, sprint, stop, gasp for breath, sprint, stop, gasp for breath*

---
Great post, I'm not a sports scientist so I've just had to learn from experience and from others. I think running 3-5 mile should be done once a week, medium distance once a week and short distance once a week. In regards to feinting, it won't always work but if you build feints into your arsenal it can make you a lot harder to read.