# The Science Of Boxing

Just want to share some appreciation to some of the techniques we use

\- The Jab: We maximise our reach, maximise speed, blind, stall, and potentially off balance an opponent coming in

This is such a great move because it allows you to manage your space, control the tempo of the fight (so that the other person cannot just walk in on you and swing wild punches), and it allows you to disguise angle changes and follow up punches. And with enough variety it can make your opponent start thinking, which puts more pressure on them, and less of the responsibility for the fight solely on your shoulders.

\- The feet: We further emphasize reach to its maximum, we introduce the potential for effective feints (foot movement is often the best feint), we control space (laterally and forwards backwards), and we adjust for jabs (you can't walk into a jab, so an in out motion allows for surprising and more effective attacks).

This introduces the idea of offence and defence being united, and the idea of defensive responsibility. Most new fighters WALK into their opponent to set up a shot, the problem with this is that the JAB is a very powerful tool for stopping this, one good jab, if not two, will stop anyone walking in to get a shot off. It forces the opponent to do one of two things, use their feet, or to move their head off line (and if you opponent sets up this way you need to use your feet to escape). The feet help you get around your opponents jab, and are there if your opponent can make your jabs miss. They set up attack, and are probably the most effective form of defence if your Jab alone can't do the job.

The science of this is, distance, and timing, if either of these change a shot misses, or it hits. So it makes a lot of sense to perfect your feet, to perfect distance and timing, and to control what hits and misses. And to use it to get around the most effective of all punches, the jab.

\- Hands up, elbows in: This is all about reaction time. A punch is faster than 1/8th of a second at times. There is no way you will just react in time to every punch. So hands up elbows in, is the beginning of a larger idea of defensive responsibility. Making regular evasive actions, and expecting exchanges to your target areas. You either have to move the target, or guard the target in order to avoid punishment when in range for long enough for a strike to be let off at you.

So you start your defense with hands up and elbows in because it sets as default less reliance on your reaction time, and while it will soon be clear that you cannot ever sit in a guard in range of strikes, it helps clarify the point that being in striking range is dangerous, but guard up is going to buy you more time, or potentially make you many times harder to hit. If he might knock you out in one punch, now he will have to throw 10x that because of that defensive responsibility. It isn't PERFECT, but it is a good way to VASTLY improve your odds of survival, by recognising that 2 spots on the body can lead to your complete incapacitation. And if you aren't awake, you sure as heck can't win a fight. So this keeps you more alert, more clear headed, and able to continue, reducing the threat and urgency of the danger.

\- The 1 2: The shortest path to your target is a straight one.

When everyone wants to get fancy, hammering home the idea that, fast, direct, powerful, and reliable shots can exploit weaknesses inherent in most boxers (not keeping their guard up, getting distracted, losing an angle or positional advantage after an exchange) this takes out variables of calculating the arc of your punch, and timing when circular orbits match up etc. Things that have less complexity generally have less that can go wrong, and are more immediately useable. It creates pressure behind the jab, keeping a real threat alive at all times, forcing the opponent to not be comfortable in his space.

You can't just rear pull a cross, you can't easily slip a cross, you can't duck away from a cross, you can't guard a cross or pivot out of the way of a cross AT ALL TIMES.

The cross can reach you even when leaning back, it can change level easily, it can split the guard or come in from the side aiming for your temple, the pivot has to be done well or you just expose the side of your head to the shot. So no matter which way you split it, an effective jab to disrupt, can lead to further range on the following cross, an angle for the following cross, feint the level change of the following cross, or disrupt the guard enough to help the cross split the guard. Now THAT is a dangerous threat for any opponent to deal with. Considering that hooks can be ducked, pulled back from, and guarded, uppercuts can be leaned back from, parried, and pivoted out of, the straight has a very significant chance of upsetting your opponents defensive strategies, while reducing complexity in your offensive strategy.

The Science:

The science in just these basics is pretty impressive and I did martial arts for 25 years. In most martial arts there were no "regular jabs" to stop a person walking in, it was just assumed that a person COULD enter your space and that you needed complex techniques and counters to handle this.

In most martial arts they do focus on maintaining a distance, but NOT changing this distance with the intention of manipulating timing, it is really a simple idea but it wasn't one universally picked up on in other martial arts. In tai chi for example (called chinese boxing at times) they have an area they call a garden, but to stop someone entering they use rigid arm positions to post against a persons elbows and body to stop them entering, and use flurries of circular movements to hold a person out... The problem is, if the person just leaps in and out, this strategy no longer works. So again, it is such a simple idea, but its highly superior to other methods I've seen and trained.

Further, in most martial arts there are "hands up guards", but they are utilised to "hook" the wrist, elbow, ankle, knee, shoulder and neck of the opponent in order to set up the angle. But this assumes a person will GIVE YOU their wrist, knee, elbow etc. If a person enters and exits, you will swipe for the air and this swiping motion will disrupt your positioning for following attacks. Further, those guards leave the two most vulnerable areas OPEN to attacks and set ups and feints. The chin/temple, and the liver are exposed if an attempt to deflect fails. And in most martial arts they have pressure points they target like the diaphragm, but consider that the diaphragm can take several hits, where a liver or the chin might only take one hit, and the awareness and clarity of the target areas and what to  protect is vastly improved by this form of guarding and the science is clear. You reduce the probability of getting incapacitated by muffling shots to the areas that can do that without relying on an intermediate "catch" to succeed to do so.

And even further, the 1 2 is superior to what is typical of other martial arts, which are what I'd classify as flurries and angling out after the flurry. Flurries as a main strategy, assume less resistance, and misunderstand the nature of exchanges. In an exchange it is perfectly possible for a person to throw a punch and land it at the same time you throw and land. If you flurry, they can flurry, and in fact this is LIKELY. Standing inside with a flurry then pivoting out, ignores the fact that, when in an exchange, it will be harder to pivot out when recieving return shots. It also ignores the fact that an exchange can be DENIED or refused by the opponent by them angling out, countering, or using their feet. And if that happens then your main offense is shut down and poses little threat. However, a 1 2, even against good footwork, and angling out, pressures the defence, and can eventually land on someone who is actively attempting to deny the exchange, and it accelerates the defensive response on your own part, to keep you moving, angling and denying their attempt to exchange with you.

This all might seem simple, but it is a simplicity that wasn't arrived at by MANY martial arts in the world for thousands and thousands of years.

And if you don't realise this simplistic set of ideas are effective, you will persist in thinking you can

\- walk in

\- flurry with impunity

\- hold an opponent out physically

\- wait for the opponent to just come get you

Just being on your toes, moving your head, keeping off the angle the opponent wants, guarding the vulnerable spots, jabbing to keep them out, and establishing the threat of timing and distance changes, and a 1 2 that will force them to think defensively, just those things will force a fighter into a smaller amount of possible attacks and opportunities allowing you to more easily prepare to face them.

Note:

The leg kick in mma is the same idea as a jab, they do use "hooks" instead of guards (to protect against takedowns), and focus more on maintaining distance (because kicks, knees, and elbows can blow through guards)

But you set up both a good jab and slip when a person engages with fists, and you will set up nice angles. When they move to using legs, use the leg kick to keep them out and disrupt their footwork (you can leg kick a stomping feint to punish it).

But similarly you want to create a threat, along with defensive responsibility, while maximising footwork, and not permitting someone to walk in on you, targetting head and liver, but just adding in some arm, wrist, head control, and angling on the ground (similar idea to boxing when you move through different gaurds and positions, you feint and move to set up the next more advantageous position, and try to prevent them being able to disengage by smothering and using your weight and leverage against them).

My point is, it is such a superior place to start when you are talking fighting, to appreciate these basic truths. It isn't about PUNCHING or about whatever else, just about some simple concepts that will make you a lot safer than if you ignore the very likely behaviours of opponents, and doing what is most reliable as routine to reduce the danger it poses. Not over complicating it, and setting up a high probability for you to survive the fight.

[https://imgur.com/AtHzvu1](https://imgur.com/AtHzvu1)

[https://imgur.com/CQghLf4](https://imgur.com/CQghLf4)

[https://imgur.com/MkSml22](https://imgur.com/MkSml22)

&#x200B;

Explaination of diagrams:

Jab tactics:

Stall - stop em walking in

Disrupt - hit em with a bit of weight to throw off their punch angle (before you roll or slip)

Wall - create a wall of jabs forcing them to duck and work around

Shell - hit their guard, forcing them to tighten it, restricting their motion (otherwise it might get loose and open up)

Blind - pause the fist a little infront of the open gap between or above the gloves (or with your forearm)

Body - duck and hit to the body (the lower height means you are less likely to be hit with return fire)

Angle - after each hit angle out about 15 degrees, the opponent will need to stop and adjust giving you more time, and also giving you a window to hit them

Distract - circle your glove up and down, or use multiple touches and feints to hide another attack or mix up their defence into knots

Stiff Jab - put a lot of weight into the jab to frighten and hurt the opponent (liston was great at this)

1,2 Tactics:

Steer - jab purposely out to one side to cause the opponent to step the other way, and when their foot lands, land the cross

Track - as they slip, watch and track your shot (its just a natural feature of a straight that you can do this, it'll make the guy sweat as his slips didn't get him out of danger as much as he thought)

Lead - lead with the cross when the guy rests, rhythm steps, or is just dropping his hands from fatigue

Shell - soft 1,2 combo to force them to shell then exploit the body, or use it to slow them down or set up another combo

Down Up - jab to the body a few times, then feint to the body and cross to the head

Angle - jab the guard, side step and pound the cross just behind their forearm

Split - jab the guard moderate to hard, or flick at it a few times so it opens, and then stab through the center with the cross

Chase - jab, then if they step back, take an extra half step and plunge through with the cross (leaning back weakens the guard)

Over the top - If they turn away, have inadequate shoulder roll, or duck slip in a poor way, just do a downwards chopping motion with your cross over their shoulder

Hook tactics:

The weak spot - almost everyone is weak to a hook on the lead side, the reason is the front hand is usually a little too forward to cover the temple, target it because its the least covered spot (though if they are smart they are watching for it)

Double up - its easy to guard once and get away with mistakes in the guard, but if you hit it again the flaw in the guard might show, so persistence is key

Body head - hit the body enough to sting and then bring it up, it will make them feel smothered and might bring their hand down enough to clip the temple

Blind reach - guys will desperately reach forwards when hurt or scared to control you, just u shape under it and chase it with hooks on that side of the body and head

Matador - if they are coming in with big back hand shots, and you've nullified their jabs, just pivot and use a short sharp hook to the chin (mayweather did this to hatton)

Duck - step out as you duck, and twist back to face them, then launch a hook to where ever their hands aren't, body or head (robinson vs graciano)

Enter - drive your legs and shoot to their shoulder, turn and hit to body or head (mike tyson)

Gazelle - when a person is loose and relax, leap in with a gazelle shot (roy jones, or marciano)

Liver - distract up high with soft shots, or a soft hook, and hook hard to the liver

&#x200B;

---
That's the finest and most practical post I've read on this site. If anyone can't or doesn't want to read it in one sitting, save it and read the rest later. If you have read it in its entirety, save it and read it again later. An entire strategy can be formed by reading these notes.  Thank you, OP.

---
The way i see it, if boxing was chemestry you just listed out all my elements. The science is taking those, putting them together and seeing what the reaction is.

---
Oh man, the combinations of just those few elements, along with strategy can be pure DYNO-MITE

---
Good stuff. You touch on it throughout but you never explicitly state: each strike has a risk (potential to get countered, obv jab is lowest) and a reward (potential to land times damage) ratio.

Defensive movements also have an energy expenditure and reward ratios attached to them, eg blocking a hook is certainly less energy than weaving or rocking out of the way, but you still take a little damage.

Also there is positioning: perhaps taking that hook on the guard is worth it if you fire right back with an uppercut, or otherwise stay in range and land more.

Putting all this together I think you could model exchanges as equations with coefficients represent ing all the above mentioned factors.. But that is really just a model and only half there story: you can discourage someone from throwing by using aggressive footwork and making them miss. Art comes into the picture at some point.

Anyways great post, I love thinking about boxing like this.

---
Yes, it changes depending on what level of boxing skill you have too. Initially every punch has a risk and you can't escape it. However as you get more rhythm you can actually create blind spots in the opponents striking abilities (if his motion isn't primed for that specific rhythm he'll miss, just like the speed bag or double end bag). That rhythm when introduce with your feet and your head motion and angling makes it FAR harder to hit you, so you lessen the risk. But you are really just using footwork and manipulating distance and timing to have that change the probability of being hit. And while it is simple, it is absolutely maximised defence and offence (for real).

If you guard you can only take so much off a hit too, but it also degrades quickly if a boxer knows what they are doing (which is shown in the diagrams now). So if a boxer knows how to blind, distract, split your guard, and go high low, while angling, stalling, and stiff jabbing you... Well... your guard isn't going to last as long as you'd like xD. He'll double jab you to turn you into a turtle, then slam to your body (hiding his head to either side of where you can easily hit), then he'll pivot out and jab you again to stall your return attack, and stiff jab you if you get cocky.

Its magnificent.

Back in the days when I got my blackbelt in traditional japanese jujitsu we had a curriculum of about 500 techniques, but  realistically, you had 20 or so for just lots of different attacks. With boxing you have just as many techniques, but it is nuance, based on scientifically optimal ideas, where a person is highly skilled in return.

I haven't even described counters, long combinations, and general ring generalship, spacial control etc...

It gets deep doesn't it.

---
Yeah. The changing of rhythm is crazy too: it always catches people, and even if it doesn't it makes them more weary and mount their offense differently.

Strategies are crazy too, I could talk forever about them. 

I think the long term challenging thing is realizing lessons from these in training and performance. I think that is what makes great boxers, although you can get pretty far with aggressiveness and conditioning.

---
I really liked how much you appreciate the sport and how much of that appreciation comes from understanding it. You're the best kind of boxing fan imo

---
Thanks, I appreciate that.

I actually had to completely start from scratch with boxing (having had a lot of experience with other martial arts). So I had to humble myself to a degree and not hide behind "but yeah I could win a fight without gloves on!". However, now... Forget about it... Boxing's sweet science is a thing of beauty. Love it

---
I love boxing because it's the type of game I value most. Tight ruleset that forces creativity and makes the players think. Boxing hasn't changes much for centuries, yet people still come up with new stuff all the time. The games is still there.

It's just amazing.

---
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVW4Lf9WxTA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVW4Lf9WxTA)

Yeah looks like he is angling with it, and setting up a solid wall, making sure it is hard enough to disrupt and upset any attacking patterns. Very nice

---
Just added a few links with some shoddy illustrations of the general tactics

---
I’ve been the most casual of casual fans in my entire life for boxing. But I’m starting to just dive into it at 46 and it’s amazing. I never understood that these things existed before. I’ve taken martial arts and I always just got my ass handed to me these concepts are wonderful. And go with boxing it makes so much sense.

---
This was nice. It was written really well and had good explanations

---
Nice post!  The pics are kinda hard to see and the file acts weird when I try to zoom in.

Would really appreciate it if you upload them to imgur or something.

Thanks.

---
Thank you so much!  

I swear that I learn much more from other students and coaches of the Science online than in person at the local boxing gyms ($$$ and don’t wanna teach me the finer things).

Will have to ruminate this and add to my training this week.