# Vent: forced early retirement - how to move on

Hi everyone. A few weeks ago I started having trouble breathing through my nose, a couple days later I almost asfixiated in my sleep cause my nose was internally fully blocked. Went to a doc and turns out I got a fucked up combination of sinusitis and trauma-induced nose deviation which, long story short, forces me to undergo surgery and quit boxing for good if I wanna keep breathing.
I had my debut less than 2 months ago. Had 3 more fights scheduled for the rest of this year. Was training my ass off. I lost 18kg during the last year for this. Boxing helped me fight depression after my best friend died to covid last year. It was the only good constant in my life for the last 2 years, I dedicated myself 100% to it, I was doing really fucking well ..  And now it's gone, just like that. I'm devastated. I know it could have been much worse, but it still makes me awful mad and sad. 
Sorry if the sub is not a place for this, but I really needed to get that out. Noone in my family or friends understands how I can be so upset about this.

If anyone has been in a similar situation, i would really appreciate some advice on how to move on. I would love to become a trainer but for now I can't even stand going to the gym to chat with my friends or watch the guys sparr because I feel hopeless standing there and not being hable to train. Thanks in advance

---
So when i used to run track,my teamate was the national 800m champion(i am not from the US) and had medaled in a couple of international competitions. 

One day aftee training,a car hit his bike and his legs never recovered. He can walk  and even jog for some short distance but that's it. He had some rought times often being in denial and trying desperately to run. 

Long story short,he is now an artist making things with recycled material and he is pretty  happy with life. He told me this which i think is very valuable" it wasnt running that defined me but the energy/passion that i gave to it" and his take was that instead of focusing on running he began to look for outlet to let his energy and passion flow,in his case this was art and it worked well for him. He is by no means making big bucks or whatever but he is happy.

So its not boxing that defined you but the passion you have,and it hope youll find somewhere else to direct it:)

---
This is a great comment. Your moral put another way: it’s not what happens to us in life, it’s how we interpret it

---
What an amazing perspective. Eye opening for many people.

---
"It wasn't running that defined me but the energy/passion that I gave to it"

What a line. Thanks for sharing it.

---
Maybe take up grappling? Become a BJJ badass.

---
came here to recommend BJJ. I started a couple years ago after boxing for 10+ years and while it's a different flavor, i get all the same things i got out of boxing - exercise, social time, something new to learn, and if i'm being honest with myself - i like the outlet for aggression/fighting. i'm obviously a considerate training partner and don't go ape all the time, but it still scratches that itch for me. 

it's weird to be on the flip side of the coin where i was so comfortable being a veteran and now i'm a newb, but i think it's good/healthy to spend time in that space and be vulnerable.

---
Sometimes the best feeling is being the little fish again.
The aggression thing is very understandable it's a healthy thing everyman needs in his life and grappling is a fantastic way to do that without turning the brain to mush.

---
On the flipside I broke my nose twice at BJJ

---
I highly recommend you train others/coach AND take up grappling

---
Don’t despair. I’ve had nose surgery for deviated nasal septum (rhino-septoplasty). 
You will infact breathe easier and your ‘endurance’ will improve.

Recovered easy… just take some time off (few months) sparring or use a headguard with nose bridge. 
I’m 42 and just fought exactly a month ago. (Posted video on my account)
Remember 99% of time spent on ‘ boxing’ is actually training and fitness…only about 1% time out of the whole is in fighting (if at all)…
Look back on all the hours you spent at the gym —getting fit- mentally, emotionally,physically…you were fighting your own depression/anxiety/ frustrations…
You can still do it!!
And you can still fight and win…
I’ve been through it man.
Remember there have been a lot of pros and champs who’ve fought- won/lost/ returned after breaking their noses, jawbones, ribs, eye sockets etc…
Peace and goodwill to you !

---
Hi mate,

I have been in a similar situation for a while and wanted to share some things that have helped me grieve my amateur career.

For me it was concussions and scans showing signs of potential long term brain effects.

Initially I tried to stay around the sport, I tried to help out coaching with classes and continued to hit pads, bags and shadow box.

The problem I had was I often watched the guys sparring and so desperately wanted to be back in the ring so much so it tormented me.

After a couple of months I decided to stop going to the gym and I've not been back in since properly.

My mood is generally lower, I'm a little more tense and my anger rises easier as a result so as you can imagine I need to discover a new release after 17 years but all my experiences are combat or heavy contact related.

I get so invested in fighters now, professional or amateur, like I'm living my dream through them almost.

I'm a big mma fan, it was my plan to compete at some stage and although that's definitely out of the question I have discovered a spectator love of wrestling and am hoping to find a UK MMA gym that focuses on Olympic or freestyle wrestling to avoid concussions.

Reading what you've said, my advice would be to take some time off from the gym, if you've got a couple of friends getting ready for fights go and support them, hold the pads, go jogging with them, etc.

If you have a couple of friends vaguely interested in the sport, spend an afternoon teaching them.

A few older guys at my former gym have spent years building up a little group of 8 or 9 guys who only do body spars for fitness and fun. Maybe that's worth a consideration eventually?

There isn't an easy answer here, you've had something that meant the world to you taking away from you and that means you're grieving as weird as that sounds.

Take some time off, you'll find a point when it doesn't make you angry so quickly and more saddens you.

When you're at that point, try to find something new to keep you involved.

For me it's combat sports in general so wrestling works.

For you it could be body sparring, coaching as you mentioned or either potentially a martial arts like Judo where striking is minimal.

These things are hard and you need outlet.

If you wanna chat about any of this sometime drop me a message.

---
I too had to stop because of a head injury although for me it was a concussion/post concussion syndrome. If you don't mind me asking, how did they know it was going to be long term? I've had several MRI and CAT scans all of which say that I shouldn't have any long term effects assuming I don't get hit again or take any more damage.

---
Hi mate, I'm sorry you've endured a similar tale of events to myself.

So I concussed myself outside of the ring, went to hospital and they ran a couple of different CT scans like yourself   and although they couldn't confirm anything right now the liklihood of developing problems for what they called   "an awful lot of dark spots" (meaning lesions) was significant.

Initially they thought I was professional and that explained the why there were so many, but upon learning I was amateur with an American football background also, they insisted I retire immediately (had 2 nurses and a senior consultant sit me down, which in the UK is a little odd).

I have since been told to consult a second opinion, but I've had 7 concussions now and my brain health is to big of a gamble for me to risk it right now.

In short I guess you can say they couldn't confirm, but had serious enough concern to pause 3 NHS workers day to get the message across.

---
I'm in a similar situation, I tore my ACL training and now my knees unstable and I might not be able to pass a physical test to compete and when that realization hit me I got really depressed, boxing really is the only keeping me going and now my dreams are kinda being crushed right now :/
it's been a couple of months since and my mental health is at a low but something getting me threw it is other dreams related to boxing. 

being a pro never really crossed my mind but what did is being able to help other people with their lives and the first that came to mind was boxing, the thought of being able to change someone's life with boxing is similar to the feeling of going to train, coaching ppl or just working at a boxing gym is now the only boxing thing I'm looking forward to in the future.  

I most likely will never get in the ring again but if I do become a coach I can help someone get to their dreams like going pro and becoming a champ or just helping them go through hard things in their life.

I hope I might've gave you an idea of what you could do later in life but for right now, take care of yourself, including your mental health. you will get through it, and hey who knows there's always a chance to get back in the ring at least once in your life ;)

---
I feel your pain, subbed in a friend's basketball ball game, big pile up and tore my acl  mcl and impact fractured my tibia. A month before provincials. Got super lucky and had surgery after 3 weeks. I'm 3 weeks into rehab and I'm just putting all the energy I had for training and work into my recovery and trying to stay positive.