Kind: captions Language: en We went over the instructions in the dressing room. I expect a clean fight. These trunks right here, they're high. You can work the belt line right there. That's legal. These are a little bit high. You can work. There's the line there. Touch them up now. Go back to your corners. See what Nata is looking for. He's looking for a dull to overcommit. He's looking for anything. He's just being patient, being that savvy veteran. He wants the young man to get overly confident so he can let his hands go. But you see the defense of Abdullah very aware of what's coming back. Those those faints going to set up a shot. You know, Tim, you don't know what you have until a fighter is tested. We saw the reaction from Abdullah Mason. It happens early on in his career. That's when you want those tests to occur. And what does he do? who comes back with two knockout wins since his last one, the longest outing of his career, a six round knockout against Carlos Cornelas April 5th. And what you want to see out of a young fighter activity, his third fight of 2025 already. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Activity just helps sharpen your tools. You know, you're constantly in the gym, constantly working, evolving as a fighter. And already Nakatila's reaction to all the faints right there that Abdullah is throwing at him. Just watch his reactions. He's trying to anticipate when Abdullah is going to strike. &gt;&gt; Abdullah's doing a good job in breaking up his rhythm as of right now. &gt;&gt; Now, Cat did throw a good right to the body as Mason was trying to set up an overhand shot. Good jab from Abdullah Mason. Taking his time. He said, "I want to make sure I know how hard he hits before I overcommit." See, the thing is about Nakatila, when he's coming forward, it's dangerous. You know, he really don't throw the right hand off the back foot all too often. Right there, you look for the looping shot. However, it's when he's coming forward when he's most lethal with that back hand. When he throws that one and fully extend with that right hand, [cheering] What's left? &gt;&gt; Nice jab. Back on the jab. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; So, let's give Abdullah Mason his do here against Jeremiah and Akatila. He's the main event here in the second round. Akatil trying to let his hands go a little bit more here, former world title challenger Mason missing wildly with that left. &gt;&gt; Just a matter of time in that first round. Abdullah towards the end of the first round, Abdullah Nice count. He had Nakatila with a straight left hand buzzed up momentarily. &gt;&gt; He's just inching getting closer little by little &gt;&gt; letting Nakatila let some of that steam off by missing the shots, missing throwing throwing and missing the punches and he's looking to line up that back hand. &gt;&gt; Can't get too comfortable though because the right hand of Nakatila continues to be dangerous. But you're right, Tim, those faints have Nakatila fighting every single time. You got him dancing. got him dancing. &gt;&gt; But you know the power is real because you see how composed a don is. He's not willing to take that many chances. He's willing to take his time. He knows he has he knows he has 10 rounds to work. So he's taking his time. He's going to warm up into the fight. He's going to get the stoppage. content. To be honest, Abdullah Mason wants rounds because he may be fighting for a world title up next if he accepts the challenge after the vacancy left by Khan Davis and he's never been past six rounds. So, he also wants to know how he can do that stretchable fight. But we will be talking about Adulla Mason, the undefeated contender, number two ranked WBO lightweight ticket on Jeremiah Nakatila, ranked number 11 in the world. Nice right hand there from Nakatila getting around the guard of Abdullah Mason. What I love about Abdullah Mason is is that I like I like those fighters that like to stay close to the fire, man. And don't they don't get burned, right? Did he just shake out that back hand that fell a little bit? Let's see if he uses it. You know, you see typically see if I shake that back hand like that or shake either hand. Something they put something in that glove when they landed the shot. So, let's see if he's if he's uses it. He's heavy on that jab right now. Still haven't used that back hand yet after he shook it. So, but what I like I see see how active he is coming forward taking the space. Uhoh. Yeah. He He always He already smelling shot. He already smell it. &gt;&gt; He's like, "Oh, I told you it's He know you don't belong in the ring with him. He going to get you up out of there." &gt;&gt; But Nativa says, "Hold on. I got a left hook, too." Yeah. Nativ past his face. I know. He heard [laughter] I fought Pat. I've heard him pass my face. I know we heard that. That was a zooming shot by Nakata. Nativa told the youngster Mason, you better stay aware because I can. And it's about who gets who first. &gt;&gt; Yeah, taking a nice little angle right there. Seeing that right hand, understanding that good defense right there from the build again. Staying close, putting him on his back foot, putting that pressure on him. Now he misses in and's legs are shaken up and now a right hook. &gt;&gt; Black may be his best friend. &gt;&gt; Nice body shot. And you've got to do that against a fighter with 21 knockouts getting 26 victories like Benamian Jeremiah Nakatila who throws a right hand to the body of a Mason right now. He's just working on things inside the ring. He know that Nakatila don't belong in the ring with him. And you see the legs shaky once again on Jeremiah Nakatila. We talked about the chin being shot worn, but every time that Mason makes contact with a power shot, you see that Natila feels it. &gt;&gt; Look, you put him on eggshells, don't he? And I think just Natila's balance in general is just not there. You know, that tells me right there he's a he's a definitely a faded fighter. &gt;&gt; Nice counter right though from Nakatila. He's still dangerous. He's still in the throw. Oh, he's still dangerous. Absolutely. He got a cut over his eye now, too. &gt;&gt; Nice job from Bill Mason just measuring out Nakatila. That shot that straight leg stiffening the legs of Jeremiah Nakatila. Natila doing the right thing right now. tying up buying himself in time. Got a minute and 38 seconds left on the clock. Let's [cheering] see if Abdullah Mason can get the stoppage in this round. I call him for left from Mason and Nakatil trying to land that right hook and you see that left eye closing big under the eye of Jeremiah Nakatila. That's a bloody mess. And look, a hurt fighter is always a dangerous fighter, especially when you have a hurt fighter that is fighting for his life right now. And Natina referee Chris Flores tells, "Show me something." Shows him the right hand. Look at that. Putting that poison on him that jab. And that jab is hard. It's almost like a backhand like the left hand. It's the weakest punch in the tool bag. But when you can step in like that the way Mason does, it becomes a power shot. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice counter left from Nagatina. Both missed their opening sound, but then the sweeping left hook from Nagat. And there's a right. Man, that's some power. But I love the fact that Abdullah Mason isn't spooked of it. He's staying close again. Getting underneath it to bring that power and landing in shots. That's the beauty about a double Mason. &gt;&gt; He's in the pocket. Yes, he's in the danger zone because he says, "If I'm in danger, you're more danger." There's that left from Mason. Referee Chris Flores steps in. &gt;&gt; Come here. There's timeout being called in the corner of Jeremiah Nakata so they can attend to the cut. Let's listen in. The doctor is coming up to check on that left a &gt;&gt; fight is [cheering] stopped and Abdullah Mason will get the technical knockout win. Unfortunate, but the cut is bigger than it looked originally. Tim, it was a bad gash over the left eyelid of Jeremiah Nakatila. You see Nakatila trying to get distance for himself again. Pent up in the corner right there. Just looking for a spot. Boom. Right downstairs. Weaken him a little bit. Come around that guard. Just look at the look at the footwork. Look at how unbalanced unbalanced that Nakatila is during that sequence. I'm I'm so glad that the the the doctor stopped the match. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, in the main event of the evening, the ringside physician steps in, waves off the contest. Your official time 1 second into round number five. He is the winner of TKO and still the undefeated NABO and NABF lightweight champion Abdullah Mason. &gt;&gt; Dela Mason comes out clean from this fight against Jeremiah Nakatila.