Kind: captions Language: en For what Johnny Addie just called the return of the champion, let's listen to Mark Conn. There he is talking. All he can say based upon the commission's ruling today is you're in for a tough night. I'm going to beat you up, guy. I'm going to whoop you. I'm going to cut you up. If he deviated from that, he's subject to a $5,000 fine. Start of round one. Watch Ali as he circles steadily to the left. Watch Bonavena try and cut the ring on him right in half going right at him. He'll work hard to Ali's midsection if he can. Ali will use the left jabs counting on the swiftness. A warning from Mark Conn. He is a brawler, Bonavena. Occasionally under strategies taught to him by Clancy, he'll try to retreat to a corner, lure Ali in, and then go right to that midsection if he can. Ali telling him to fight clean. Ringo claiming that Ali shoved him down. Ringo in the blue trunks with the red waistband, Ali in the red trunks with the white waistband, and white side trim. See Ringo's name on his pants. Coming up to the 2-minute round. That left to Bonavena's connected on Ali's right jaw. This is not picture fighting such as Ali is used to. It's not easy against Bonavena. Look at that. This is like an Ali brawl as far as Oscar's concerned. 20 seconds to go in the first round. And no sign yet of the Ali skills really against this kind of fight. The old Ali skills. Another warning from Mark Conn in a stern end of round one. Yank Durham. Now let's see if Ali can get some of that old Ali movement in as we start round two. Worst fight I ever saw Bonavena fight, and it was made that way for him by Jimmy Ellis, which against Jimmy Ellis in early December of 1967 during the WBA elimination tournament when Ellis floored him twice. Bonavena was very effective against Mildenberger, the German southpaw, over in Frankfurt, West Germany. Bonavena is in the center of that ring. He's cutting the ring on Ali, and oddly I don't see Ali circling with the steadiness and swiftness to the left that's his usual landmark. Rising absence of movement in Ali. Up to this point, fight is very young. Yancy Durham is keeping an unofficial scorecard on the fight for this reporter as he views it. Yank, of course, Frazier's manager sitting next to me at ringside. This fight has been taking place largely in ring center. And this is not the usual Ali style at all. As it used to exist, and even as it was when he came out so swiftly in round one against Jerry Quarry in Atlanta, Georgia some 6 weeks ago. As the clock winds down towards the end of round two. Nothing real in the way of action as you have seen, but the edge in this round I would suspect going to Ali. Bonavena not throwing much left. The end of round two, let's follow Muhammad Ali to his corner. Looking at Oscar as he comes out to face Ali. He'll be 9 and mine, Ali said. Well, we'll see. Perhaps you hear Drew Bundini of the red corner in Ali's corner, yelling stick him, stick him, stick him to Ali, meaning of course keep that left out there while you box. And the astonishing thing here is the relative absence of movement. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Now apparently another push by Ali against Bonavena. Ah, good combination. The left and then the right. Ah, opening up a bit. Bonavena trying to get to the inside always as you can see, seeking to maul and brawl. Good combination. This is the first sign of Muhammad Ali as we used to know him. Quick quick hands, in there again. Four combinations in this round all connect. Left and the right, a straight sharp right. Bonavena, I repeat, does not cut easily. We saw Ali just throw his right hand up almost, I suspect in his mind, in contempt, but one can't really read his mind. Again, the clock winds down towards the end of round three. The first round in which there's been any real punching by Muhammad Ali. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Ali's oddly fighting in the classical sense, and we're not going to disguise it. A left by Bonavena. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And Ali says to him as the round ends, "Come on." And round four. Ali in the red trunks, white trim. Ringo in the blue trunks, red trim. Name him blazing on the trunks. Ringo oddly a throwback to the wild bull of the Pampas, Luis Firpo in the '20s in terms of style but still a powerful powerful man. He's coming after Ali now. "All night long." Drew Bundini Brown just said. No words from Angelo Dundee in Ali's corner. Bonavena blessing with the left as Ali ducked. He is the aggressor, Bonavena is. Powerful, awkward, cumbersome, ponderous, but the aggressor. And where is that Ali movement? Ali holding on. Where is that circling? Where is that boxing? Where is the speed of hands? One wonders if Ali is hurt. That left got into Ali and he doesn't like what's happening. And I don't think he's clowning or faking. Now this is hard to tell when you've been around the man as long as I have, but one thing is sure. He hasn't looked this badly since he fought Mildenberger in Frankfurt when he had troubles with a southpaw. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Strange thing to see, ladies and gentlemen. You've not seen Ali like this before. The end of round four. Between rounds period has been scruffed up quite a bit. Now let's see if he engenders any movement. Quickly, Bonavena at him. Now he's bouncing a little, moving a little more. In some ways this is a reminder of the fight in Toronto in '66 when Chuvalo went 15 rounds with Ali. Boring in on him, roughing him, scruffing him. But always Ali was in Well, we're in the fifth round. And we're going to face, I think, a test of Ali's stamina tonight. That's for sure. You saw Ali in the corner with his fists up above his head, his gloves. We've got a minute to go in this, the fifth round. Ali in the red trunks, another warning from Mark down to Bonavena. He kind of laughs derisively and disgustedly at the same time. I don't know what's wrong here based upon what people expected, but Ali simply does not look good. Even if he's ahead on points. Well, he predicted the ninth round. Maybe that's his ploy, but he's going to have to prove it. And the way Bonavena with that awkward style with that great strength is pushing him around this ring. I don't know. Let's watch. That's the end of round five. Yancey, your appraisal of this fight up this far. &gt;&gt; has had a very great respect for Ali as a fighter, but has always felt that there was a way to fight him and has always felt that Bonavena was the way. Now you see Ali dance. Crowd here tonight, 19,000. Oh! You saw that. That left. And that land. He's a now wary Ali, you better believe. 19,517 people here tonight paying $615,401. Quite a house. For the return of the now deposed champion. Up in Monticello, New York, Joe Frazier is watching this fight. Up to this point there has to be, if he's human a kind of grin on his face. He had his own troubles with Bonavena. Ali was dancing, but Bonavena got him in the corner. Didn't do damage, but still pursued him in corner. Ali fought his way out. A left by Ali. Well, you hear the crowd picking up the chant for Ringo now. And I have just talked with Angelo Dundee and he indicates he doesn't know what's going on in that ring. He doesn't know what's wrong with his fighter. This is the sixth round. It's almost over. And Bonavena hasn't been taught a lesson yet. That's for sure. A left by Ali. And Ali is backing off, moving away. Now holding on. And the clock is running out for round six. There it is. Now let's look at this in slow motion where Bonavena comes in with a good one. There it is. That one connected. All right, round Round seven. &gt;&gt; Yancy Durham says he can't see Ali winning this fight. I think Ali will look for his movement Ali unless he can find movement and withstand the Argentinian's rushes you saw left to Bonavena's face there. Bundini is screaming from his corner almost pleadingly the heavy bag calling Bonavena the heavy bag punch him like he's a heavy bag. Ladies and gentlemen only in the third round of this fight did we see evidences of the Muhammad Ali that used to be. Four times he struck with rapid combinations. He did no material damage but the swiftness of the hands was there. Apart from that even if he is ahead in the scoring at the moment which is possible he has been but the palest replica of the great fighter of four years ago. Well Ali is scoring points in this round that too is evident. That lays and really missed that left by Bonavena. Round seven about to run out. Ali must put him away in nine to make his prediction stick as round seven ends. The bell for round eight Mark Conn the referee Ringo in the blue with his name on his pants Ali in the red. This was the fight where Ali was going to keep talking to Ringo throughout the fight and telling him what he was going to do to him but there has been no talk. And the reason is clear. Now Ringo comes out and strong. Of course the commissioner ordered no talk in terms of invective personal abuse but Ali the commissioner said could tell him what he wanted to tell him I'm going to whoop you I'm going to beat you but there's been none of that. Nor have we seen the Ali shuffle with the tassels. There is a little blood from Bonavena's right nostril. Quick left apparently opened it. Nobody will ever take boxing lessons from Bonavena but I'll tell you he's tough. We're in round eight. We're a little past a minute and a half into round eight. Round nine was supposed to be the culminating round. Unless Ali has been holding back all fight long it doesn't seem remotely possible. Ali has fought 30 times 25 by knockouts professionally that is never been beaten. Bonavena 46 wins five losses one draw. We're coming to the end of round eight. There was little action in this round. That's a good left. Good left by Bonavena as round eight ended. strong and he can play seem to get weak. But the crowd is alive. They know about the prediction. Now they want to see if he can make it stick stick if he's been holding back. Slip slip no knockdown slip Mark Conn right on it. Crowd misled don't you viewers be misled. A right lead by Ali. A minute gone in round nine. Bonavena all over mauling holding pushing. A left by Bonavena and it connected believe me. There it is. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Bonavena holding on. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Crowd alive for a change. What has been a most sluggish performance &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; by Muhammad Ali. Bonavena holding on a minute 45 gone in round nine. Crowd exhorting Ali on. Bonavena fighting back. Ali raining punches upon him. One minute left. No No knockdown no knockdown no knockdown slip and a push by Ali. Now the two are going at it. 45 seconds left Bonavena staggering flying a left at Ali. The eye is cut. There's blood OUT OF THE LEFT EYE OF BONAVENA. Ali trying to make his prediction stick. He's chopping at him with the left. A GOOD LEFT BY BONAVENA IN RETALIATION. ALI HOLDING ON ALI TIRED. 20 SECONDS LEFT IN ROUND NINE and Bonavena is going to last this round. Bonavena coming into Ali. A tough tough fighter Oscar Bonavena as the round ends and the prediction failed. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; You got Bonavena the better of Ali in the last round and he hurt Ali the last part of that round. &gt;&gt; He certainly did a remarkable comeback because Bonavena was in real trouble you must admit. &gt;&gt; He wasn't in real trouble there. Here's the playback on that right now Yancy take a look at it. That was the slip and push combined Mark Conn Conn rightfully said no knockdown. Now you see Ali raining punches at Bonavena but watch this. There it is. That's the left that turned it around in the final 40 seconds of the round that brought Bonavena back to life that forced all the prediction of a ninth round knockout. A warning signal as we continue to watch. Now we're back to live action and this crowd has come alive. Round 10. Surprising fight, ladies and gentlemen, to most people. Muhammad Ali, a 6-1 favorite. The memories of four years ago vivid. The quickness, especially in the first round against Jerry Quarry in Atlanta, vivid. But not generally speaking on display tonight. A desperate effort to knock Bonavena out in round nine, the prediction round. Close to success, apparently. And then suddenly, with 40 seconds left, Bonavena scored and became the aggressor. This then is round 10. I want to call you in, Yancy, as we watch the action. Yancy Durham, Joe Frazier's manager. At this moment, you change your prediction. Do you think Ali will win or Bonavena? Well, I still think Frazier's a little ahead, but it's pretty close at this point. I would and if Clay doesn't watch himself, Bonavena's getting much stronger and he might upset Clay very much. But I give Clay a little edge right now at this point. Right lead by Ali, left Fighters right above us. Effective tactic steadily by Bonavena. He's in a crouch, almost on the floor like Coming up to 1 minute left in round 10. And then suddenly, he leaps up at Ali. And sooner or later connects with one of those wild left hooks. And they hurt from a man so strong. Where is the old head slipping of punches? Where is the backup with the stomach apparently exposed, but not there? Where is that movement? Around and around, always to the left. Grapefruit-like left jab you saw. Two lefts then by Ali, but hardly of the old stamp. This is not to derogate him in any sense. The man's been away for four years. Miracle was that he came back so quickly and lost so much weight so quickly. Any student of boxing must be aware of these facts. Any athlete away four years. And this is not to make excuses for either. Has to have lost something, it seems to this reporter. That's the end of the round 10. Prediction round. He said he'll knock out Ali in round 11. Bulls him into the corner. Bonavena bulls Ali into the corner. Amazing the way that ring has been cut in half all night by Bonavena. Right in the middle. I don't know whether it's Bonavena's awkward style. Crowd's misled there. Those punches were not landed upon Ali. They hit the glove and the shoulder. No damage there. That right hurt. BONAVENA GOT in a good right to the left jaw of Muhammad Ali. Minute and a half. Even though Ali has been away for so long, this has to be an embarrassment to him. He knows that his former sparring partner, Jimmy Ellis, fought his best fight against Oscar. Cleanly won the decision against him in Louisville. Floored Oscar twice, once in the fourth and once in the 10th round as I remember it. Look at that. Did you see Oscar try and start to bring his right arm up? Oh, a good right by Ali. After a quick short left, a good right. OH, A LEFT, A RIGHT, A LEFT AND AGAIN A RIGHT. Ali holding on a bevy of blows by Bonavena. Bonavena coming on. 40 seconds left and the countdown begins for round 11. That left did not hurt. It reached, but did not hurt. That left of Ali's was against Bonavena's Another left by Bonavena, but that one didn't really hit either. There is blood out of Bonavena's left nostril. The round is running out. Ali appears to be the tired one. And that's the end of round 11. Yancy Durham, come in here as a matter of course. Yes, it's very close at this point. Round 12. And Oscar comes out strong. Well, Ringo's in the same boat now as Ali in one sense. His prediction failed, too. He had said round 11, Ali had said round nine. Mark Conn referee breaking the fighters. Steady veteran referee in good control of this fight tonight. Quick to call the slips, you'll remember. Quick to issue warnings on low punches and pushes. Always keeps his position on the fighters, which is the key thing, so no undue damage can come to either fighter. A $10 million gate in the offing, or gross, that is, for an Ali-Frazier fight. Frazier's manager sitting next to this reporter. Frazier watching on television in Monticello. I wonder what impact what we're seeing now will have on that projected contest. I can't make out, frankly, what the crowd is yelling in the background. We're coming up to the 2-minute mark in round 12. Scheduled 15-rounder, as you know. Ali, red trunks. Bonavena, blue. Action lagging in this round. No, no, don't get excited about that first left of Oscar's. Did nothing. Nor did the second. Nor did that one. Missed. Rude round Mundine's voice in the background. Giving Ali the Sugar Ray comparison. Ali is hanging on as the round ends now, as you just saw. But Bonavena are exerting a physical confidence that must be apparent to Ali. Just an astonishing fight, really. Not a classical fight in the sense of fistic greatness, but astonishing in the trend of events. &gt;&gt; One would have to believe that Ali is ahead in the scoring of this fight. But one cannot say that he has been impressive. I want to stress again how much of this fight has been fought in ring center. How relatively stationary as this round runs out, second stick away, Ali has been. All right, end of round 13. Let's go What I still have in my head, I got Ali ahead of Bonavena. He's got one round ahead of Bonavena at this point. &gt;&gt; One round ahead in this at this point in the the Ali scoring. All right. Nancy Durham scoring has Ali one round ahead. Strictly unofficial, you understand. Two judges and referee Mark Conn will be doing the voting on a rounds basis with a supplemental point scoring system should rounds be even. Who's become insistent here at Madison Square Garden as we're a minute and just about 15 seconds into round 14. I guess you can still hear Joe Frazier Bonavena. As you could say, there was no trace of a knockdown there, anything of the sort. Ali is holding more and more often, really. He's trying with everything he's got. What everybody will have to assess after this fight for themselves is what the lost years have taken from and yet one can take no credit away from Oscar Ringo Bonavena. Tough cookie who gave Joe Frazier his two toughest fights. Well, less than a half minute at the end of this round, round 14 and in the relative absence of action, the attitude of the viewers here in Madison Square Garden, I think can be plainly heard. So, round 14 ends. Last scheduled round, round 15. If Ali gets the decision, it'll be interesting to hear what he has to say in ring center after the bout. Showed signs of becoming the old Clay in the past week with the prediction, with the rhyme. And you saw Oscar at his wildest there, missing, falling off balance, but there was no Ali to take advantage of. There was no speed left, there was no no movement left jump in and take advantage of an off-balance, unprotected man. We're a minute and 15 seconds into the final round. 1:30 left in the fight. OH! THAT LEFT FLOORED HIM. IT CAME FROM NOWHERE. ALI came through with a left. The crowd screaming, the first knockdown of the fight. He took THE MANDATORY EIGHT, AND NOW ALI IS BEHAVING LIKE the old Ali. ONE MORE KNOCKDOWN in this round, the fight is automatically over. Bonavena is running. IF HE GOES DOWN AGAIN, IT'S OVER. ALI IS THE KNOCKOUT WINNER AT 2 MINUTES AND 3 seconds by my unofficial clock of the final round. IT BEGAN WITH A LEFT. I'M GOING UP TO RING CENTER.