Kind: captions Language: en Amanda. [snorts] Okay, boxers have already spoken to you both. You know what I expect. Stay professional, obey my commands, and most of all, protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Col. So the stage is set. The big unification battle. Bernardo Checker in that Marut corner. &gt;&gt; Round one &gt;&gt; and away we go. 10 two-minute rounds. The fight with Katy Taylor for Amanda Serrano was an epic battle and there were plenty at ringside. Interestingly, including the boxing news correspondent, the revered writer Thomas Hower, who thought that Amanda Serrano won it. Yeah, there was a few that thought that John thought Katy Taylor did enough to win the contest, but it was close. It was a classic, wasn't it? It was It was a sensational contest. It really was. Katy Taylor and me just did enough to win it. There's the question about how much it might have taken out of Serrano though. If there has been any sort of slide in her performance level, then Martha is good enough to exploit. Well, she'll have her work put out tonight, Matthew. Most most certainly. Um, Serrano started fairly strongly here on that front foot. She looked very confident indeed, whipping that jab in, looking downstairs, that left hand to the body. Her opponent food is just on that back foot just trying to control the attacks from Sirrano. For me, he looks very confident, John. &gt;&gt; She is very much the consumer professional, isn't she? Everything from a her preparations, her time in the dressing room, a ring walk, everything is absolutely spot on. She's in control of her own performance right the way. I think Mafood is is working the right way here. She's moving to to her left. So, she's trying to go away from the left hand. But the problem she got there is if she walks onto the right hook, Serrano, who's just trying to close that gap down and is targeting that shot, but just working well with the jab, trying to set up that left hand to the body, but also the right hook over the top. So Mfield's got to watch as she's moving to the left. Relatively quiet opening round. There's a good shot from Serrano. Last scoring punch and we'll have a little listen in. Serrano that is. &gt;&gt; Yes, Serrano in the first round. Just got to work probably more with her own jab, but also that right hand. There it was there. So, she's got to bring that more into play as she's moving round to the left. But it's Serrano again on that front foot hunting her down. Looking well with that lead hand, setting up that back hand to the body there. Marut's dad, Syrian. His mom comes from uh comes from the Pharaoh Islands became the IBF champion in 2020 when the champion Jennifer Ham vacated. She won an interim belt and was upgraded and has made one defense since. The last five fights have brought her wins undefeated of course. They brought her wins, but she's had to go the distance to do so. There's a bit of blood on the forehead of where's that come from? I think it's a cut forehead. There's definitely a cut there, John. Yeah, I think it's I think it's I think it's Marut who's who's bleeding &gt;&gt; and that's going to require work. And I wonder if that was another clash of heads. Referee's keeping a very close look at it at Spurso on here. I'm told it was indeed a clash of heads. Be interested to see which one which boxer is cut here. It might both be. It might both be heavier shots now going from Serrano. Closing and hunting her opponent down. Looking for the bigger shots. There's that left up good to the body. Long sweeping shot. &gt;&gt; Well, it's a big ask for Mar now and they'll go back to their corners. Final work on that cut. Hopefully won't have an impact on the fight. &gt;&gt; Second round you'd have given to Serrano. Yeah, I thought she again on that front foot positive work from her. I thought she'd nic the first round and uh certainly the second round &gt;&gt; far far more aggressive on that front foot coming forward. Just got to watch the heads again. Very close. Nearly clashed again there. The blood started to flow. &gt;&gt; I think what has got to do here, John, also is occasionally just try and push Serrano back. Serrano just keeps coming forward. That's a little bit better. Good shot there. But he's got to be a little bit more positive. Try and push Serrano back right from the from the opening bell. It's Srano that's been coming forward. Srano fighting out of the Southport stance and probably back at the weight that she feels suits her best. She certainly intimated that when we spoke to her at the weighin yesterday. as a featherweight. She feels that's her weight much more than lightweight where she fought Katy Taylor. &gt;&gt; Nine stone. That's where she's happy. &gt;&gt; Bad from Matthew, but she's not accurate enough with her work. The quality of the punchin isn't as good as Srano. You can see how Serrano has forced knockouts, just powering the shots. He sweeps the punches in. Lot of leverage in in the punches. Also, he's trying to keep her away. Srano Srano's trying to work the body. Yeah. Trying to break her down by targeting body shots. Last few seconds of this round. Maybe a slightly better round that for Sarah Mafood, but it was Serrano who was dictating the pace. &gt;&gt; Round four. 10 rounder unification battle at featherweight and Amanda Serrano the big favorite. She's ahead on our cards. Serrano in the white top. That's not a bad job jab from Mafood as she's moving to the left. She's got to be a little bit more accurate. Trying to keep Serrano at bay with those shots. Difficult. Sana just marching forward. &gt;&gt; She's really getting into a rhythm now. Switching the attack downstairs. That left hand also. There isn't a lot of respect, is there from Serrano as she's coming on. &gt;&gt; She's coming forward looking to break her down. And she's the one on the front post all the time here now. And she's looking to get right on top. And the margin looks as though it's becoming more emphatic. Mahoot Maroot rather is starting to look a little bit disconulate and downbeat. We heard between rounds that trainer trying to get belief in her work and the way she's being systematically outpowered and out out skilled here is going to erode that sort of feeling big time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's having a little bit of success with her own jab there. There you see, but she's she's got to be a little bit more dynamic with it. It's got to be a harder shot, especially with the right hand also. So, fast jabs, fast right hands, and try and beat Srano to the punch and keep her at bay. But Srano's having none of it. She's just walking forward, looking to land to the body. That wasn't a bad shot there for Mafu. That's a better punch from her. She's walking through her really, Rich. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Mafu has only got the three stoppage wins in her 11 victories, and she's not got the power to keep her off. Last 10 seconds of the fourth. &gt;&gt; And well, I don't see any way in which he can score this other than another round to Serrano. &gt;&gt; Second out, round five. &gt;&gt; Serrano unmarked, not blowing particularly hard into the fifth round. And she's in control. She's in control. It's the same as, isn't it? Mood has not really changed her pattern, especially with the movement. Keeps moving off to the left. She's not really effective with that. She's got to try and punch over her opponent's jab with her own jab and maybe land the right hand also, but no, she's not effective enough, John. Yeah, here and there she scores the odd punch, but it's not really a said before, there's no respect from Srano just marching through. It's kind of patter stuff, isn't it? And even when she does get through, there's no damage whatsoever done. She's hardly made Sirrano take a backward step so far. Prove well off the ropes there and landed with a left hand, but again, Srano just blinked and kept on coming. now just targeting the body with that left uppercut on the inside. She really has um great variation in her punches. Look, lovely left hand there. So, she's good at punching with straight shots with the jab and straight left hand, but she'll also whip this left uppercut downstairs. That was a little bit too low, but then on the inside also with the hooks. Yeah, she's a good allrounder is is Serbs. You've taken heart from the fact she's picked her off once or twice from range. Fighting off the backs foot with her jabs like that one which went through and another left hand which was a scoring shot but they're just not making any sort of a dent in Amanda Serrano. No impact at all. She has landed with the odd shot here and there but then she probably fails then just to to carry that on and maybe push her up as Sirrano back occasionally. That hasn't happened. Many of the crowd, I'm sure, would like to see more of a tear up, but that's not Sarah Mau's style. &gt;&gt; I think that's arguably the best round she's had so far. Whether or not we would be enough to impress the judges, though, frankly, I doubt the halfway stage, we've got her right in control here. &gt;&gt; Amanda Serrano, &gt;&gt; big favorite with the bookies and she's showing a lot of class. Still one way traffic doesn't for John he's been trying to round after round in that corner just trying to instill a bit of belief into his fighting. Yeah, better then wanting her to do more than just poke out the jab. He's been telling you let's let's bring the right hand in like that round. Ser just slowing the feet down. Just slow the tempo also the round up here. started the first minute of this round. She's not like the previous rounds anyway. She slowed it down here. She's not done a lot, has to she so far. Scoring punches have come from the Dane finding the target with that left hand lead. She's got quite fast. Let's go. left hand on the front foot now again. She took her foot off the gas, didn't she, for a couple of minutes. Just realizing that it's going to go long and she's got to leave a little bit in reserve. &gt;&gt; Been losing this round. &gt;&gt; She's strong now though. around probably the best range she's had and it's mainly because Srano &gt;&gt; just slowed everything right down. Just had a round up I think and maybe Serrano losing around for the first time &gt;&gt; because she actually started the contest on that front foot just coming forward and setting the pace and yet she certainly slowed down there. That grueling fight against Katie Taylor. I think we said an early point. How much has that taken out of her? Can she be the same fighter again after a fight of that sort of intensity? Maybe she slowed down a little just to see if actually come forward and engage it a bit more. Just been on the outside, hasn't she? On that back foot, reluctant to come forward. Serrano has been so strong on that foot. I think he's trying to cope and trying to cope at distance, but she hasn't been hasn't been doing it. I think she won the last round. &gt;&gt; Well, it's in which case still conceivable if she wins everything from here on that she can get right back into this. There's a good left hand from Toronto. Back to work again from Serrano. In and out with the feet. &gt;&gt; She knows that she's having a good section of the round here. Srano working that body also. There's that long right hook again. She's back into her groove in this round. Yeah, I would say so. It was a conscious decision just to ease up and just leave something as I said in reserve. And she's having a much better round here. &gt;&gt; That's a clear round then for Salas. The whole Parker camp have been so confident in the run-up to this. They really believe that they have the advantage in skill, in speed, and experience. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a close fight, isn't it? Genuine 50/50 &gt;&gt; and they are confident as is the Joyce camp. &gt;&gt; Not long to wait now, John. &gt;&gt; No, there is that sort of nervousness. You can sense it around around the auditorium here, this big arena. People, yeah, they're watching this and they're enjoying this, but there is a sense the real fireworks. The main event is coming very soon. Just having a little bit of success here holding her feet just push back occasionally in the center of the ring. That's not too bad from there. Better work. &gt;&gt; Nice right hand there as you were speaking. &gt;&gt; Forcing Serrano onto the back foot. &gt;&gt; Checker telling her to double jam. Let her gloves go. looking to try and bring the uppercut through lands with a left to the body. Got the good straight shots here from Mood in this in this round. watching the way she's fought in the last two or three rounds makes you wonder if she'd had a bit more belief early on. &gt;&gt; It could have been closer than it probably is now. &gt;&gt; Look likely so far that there's going to be a stoppage one way or the other. doesn't look like it that time, but in Toronto she has got power and some of the these shots. She gets a lot of leverage and um I think the body shots as well can be very hurtful. He's got a terrific stoppage percentage. You &gt;&gt; know those 30 stoppage wins and 42 victories through her long career. Dave way back in 2009. She seems to been around forever. &gt;&gt; Very relaxed style. She gets power in those shots. continues fighting off the back foot. Packing away with that left hand lead. That's nice. Better being patient on the back foot there to come into punching range and then letting her shots go. Fairly accurate there. That's better work again with a job. &gt;&gt; Looking well in reverse gear enough to win this just losing away a bit again. Nice combination from Mar and she's I think fairly significantly taken that round. down baby. &gt;&gt; Second out be the 10th and final round. &gt;&gt; Does have a little bit of a history of being not exactly respectful to opponents. &gt;&gt; Well, I think if there's a knockout here, it's got to come from the food. She's way she's well behind here. &gt;&gt; I think he's down the corner know that she's given a good account of herself in the second half of the fight. Yeah, you should get into a rhythm now. Nice and busy catching Serrano as Srano sort of does her work and then goes back and sits back on the back foot. And then you got Matu, you know, nicking the odd shot here and there, not letting the rest. So, better work for Mu. And she is starting to land more with that right hand. And if she is going to really get Serrano into big trouble, that's surely going to be the punch that does it. You know, Torano's going forward very strong. Matthew getting her timing right with that right hand. There she comes. Trying to stop her in the tracks really. So, this again is better for Mafu. She's matching for work and beating her to the punch. Much better boxes. Got her onto the back foot there and just for a moment, Serrano looked a little bit stunned by one of those punches. group doing well as we come towards the final bell. &gt;&gt; Sorano being caught a lot more than many would have anticipated. &gt;&gt; Surely trying to come on strong in the closing seconds. a decent room. I think very much so. Yeah, very much so. &gt;&gt; Further this fight has gone, the more March has got into it. And this is a good round she's produced. &gt;&gt; Referee gives them a round of applause, a sporting hug from both fighters. I think Sir has won it, but Maluru certainly comes out of it with some real credit after coming back in the second half of the fight. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 two-minute rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Victor Lachlan scores it 99 to 92. And both judges Steve Gray and Michael Alexander are in agreement. They scored the same 97 to 93. All in favor of your winner by unanimous decision. And now the women's IBF, WBO, WBC, and IBO featherweight champion of the world, Amanda, THE REAL DEAL, SRANO. [screaming] Serrano takes it by a very wide margin on one of the judges scorecards. Victor Lachlan who was sitting alongside us as commentators. He scored it 9992 the Scottish judge. The other two 9793 which is kind of pretty much where we had it. But it was a dominant performance and Amanda Serrano. Where's she going to go from here? Will it be Katie Taylor again?