Kind: captions Language: en the most prominent boxing promoter right now, not only in the United States, but in the world, and he's Bob Arum. &gt;&gt; 60 years is 60 years. It's a lot of time. It's a lot of actors. Walked across the stage. I met some fabulous people, but it's been a great adventure. I didn't decide to get into boxing. A football player named Jim Brown said I should become Ali's promoter. I was introduced to Ali and became uh his promoter. I didn't realize what kind of storm I was getting into. The rest became history. &gt;&gt; AND AGUO'S HELPLESS AGAINST THE ROPES. AGüON down and he may NOT GET UP. OH, BIG RIGHT HAND BY BARERR letting it fly again. Oh, they're just punching it out. &gt;&gt; When people talk about the subsequent fights that I did uh over the years, how was this my toughest promotion? Was that my toughest promotion? I said, "No, my toughest promotion was the first fight, just getting the fight on, and everything else was easy. The last thing I would envision myself at that point was to be a be a boxing promoter. When I first started with Ali and boxing, there were no satellites. You could deliver a fight to England, let's say, by satellite technology. It didn't exist. Everything changed from what I had been doing in boxing at the start to what I'm doing 60 years later. It shouldn't be surprising because it changed. Everything changed. You had to be flexible enough to realize that things weren't going to always be the same. And I think that's the big lesson that I followed. &gt;&gt; Bonavina is running. If he GOES DOWN AGAIN, IT'S OVER. ALI IS THE KNOCKOUT WINNER. &gt;&gt; WELL, obviously my favorite fighter was Muhammad Ali. He's the one who taught me everything about promotion and my association with him was a high watermark in my career. But that's not to overlook a big George Foreman, marvelous Marvin Haggler, Ray Leonard, and all the great fighters that I promoted over the years. &gt;&gt; I think that the two greatest fights that I was involved in was the third Ali Fraser fight, the thriller in Manila. That was unbelievable fight. And the other one which was much shorter, thank God, was the battle between marvelous Marvin Haggler and Tommy Hearns at Caesar's Palace. I think when I look back and I have to be honest, what I'm most proud about of the 60 years that I've spent in promotion in this sport was to have lasted as long as I have uh both physically and mentally. It's not an easy position to be a promoter.