Kind: captions Language: en Still in search of our first knockout tonight. Can Shushu get it? Or maybe Castro? He showed flashes of power in those middle rounds. There's a RIGHT BIG RIGHT HAND AS IT [cheering] CARRINGTON DROPS CASTRO AND he may NOT MAKE IT UP. THAT WAS A BIG SHOT RIGHT ON THE TIP OF THE CHAIN. DOESN'T TAKE POWER. TAKES ACCURACY AND CARRINGTON HAS IT. AND IT'S OVER. SUSHU IN HIS BIG stage at Madison Square Garden gets a knockout win in front OF HIS HOMETOWN CROWD. THE SHUSHU era has arrived. That's the knockout he needed here in his hometown. What a performance. You can see his legs stiffened up. That right hand got him hurt. Three straight right hands in a row. Castro was out and even threw a body shot in there to get the deed done. one then the duck and there's that swivel duck I was talking about four five &gt;&gt; what a combination what a knockout you can see the arms both arms flailing back by Carlos Castro he was out before he could hit the canvas &gt;&gt; congratulations there's no better way to win a world championship than in New York City at Maza Square Garden &gt;&gt; what did you think of that performance &gt;&gt; man listen first and foremost I want I want to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ cuz without him and nothing would be possible. I want to thank Turkey his excellency for having me on this card. Bob Arum and everybody that was involved to get me on this card, you know, Carlos Castro, man. I told you, man. He he's a dangerous guy. You know, he he hit me like kind of on the back of the head little key real quick. But uh but uh we know he got me on the shot that that you know that kind of buzzed me and uh he was he was tough and thorough through and through. It was a tough fight. I expected it to be a tough fight, but I knew I was going to finish strong as the Brownsville champion that I am today. &gt;&gt; Talk to me about that shot that you took in the fourth round cuz you were in cruise control up until that point, took that right hand. How did that affect you and how did you what adjustments did you make? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, that was my first time being buzzed. You know what I'm saying? Like I've I've had that effect in sparring before and uh you know, know how to work through it. So when I got caught, you know, I just had to stay calm, get back to boxing and then, you know, just get my faculties better together and then win the judges over with being aggressive again and then, you know, get into another groove. And I think that second groove is what got me, you know, into this victory. &gt;&gt; You were starting to build a lead in those later rounds, but then you finished the show. Watch me, walk me through the finish of that fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, to be honest, I felt that it was going to come the round before. I I was I was like coming on hot the round before, but uh I just knew I needed to land her like, you know, a good combination. And I was looking for one shot at first, one shot, one shot. But the combinations is what set up those punches, the big the big punch. And then I felt like it was time for him to go. So as he was going, hook right there, right hand right there as he was going down. &gt;&gt; Combinations is what did it, not the one shot. &gt;&gt; You are Brooklyn born from Brownsville. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; No fighter has won a world championship here in the big room at Madison Square Garden. We saw the emotion on your face after you got announced. What was going through your mind, man? Hold on. Listen. FIRST AND FOREMOST, DID Y'ALL ENJOY THE SHUSHU SHOW? WHEN I SAY SHU YORK, Y'ALL SAY CITY. SHU YORK. SHU YORK. &gt;&gt; THE people the people who says it themselves, man. You know, it was a great showing and I just can't wait to get back in there. I'm super excited to see what the future holds for me. And you guys, you already know. You already know how I'm with it. I want all of the champions. Espinosa, Angelo, Nick Ball. Y'all already know how I'm coming. Y'all already see what I see. And if y ain't know this was a show, now you know. &gt;&gt; Congratulations, Juu.