Kind: captions Language: en Spider chief second. Mouthpiece. All right, gentlemen, you received the instructions in the dressing room. You know what I expect. Good clean fight. Here for you. Legal punches here for you. Young prospects, well, Bruce Carrington is a contender who turns 28 in just 19 days after this fight, Tim. And And that's a rarity in the sport today. He didn't get his professional start until later on in life, but he's been in the game and been interviewed and has shown his charisma since he was an 8-year-old out in Brownsville. Yeah, well, he wanted his body and his mind to catch up. I mean, the skill-wise, mind-wise, he felt like he was ready, but physically he wasn't ready. So, he wanted to allow that to catch up to have his man bones, like we say. And, you know, coming around 25 years old or so. But, I I think he's wants to get off like he told us he wanted to take his time, right, at first. But, I feel he's outgrowing his weight class. That's what I feel. And that's the reason why I feel that he's trying to rush and then I mean, not only, you know, he has a he's rated number one. However, it's like he wants to get that title shot, get that win in 126 lbs, win the title there to move up to 130 lbs. Yeah, he's been waiting for a while now as a top rated contender, worked his way up and tonight he's facing an opponent who has been off for 14 months. And for right now, he can't get away from that jab, Tim, because the quickness of Shushu Carrington's cobra-like jab is evident early on. Oh, and you know, that right hand is evident, too. And before you even Before I Look, before that right hand landed, I was going to say, Shushu kind of shooting that jab out lazy. From a little bit too close. I know he's trying to have some sort of control and keep something in Vivus' face. However, I was saying, I was like, man, the right hand is available for Vivus if he sees it. He should just let it go. Again, there it is again. Little bit too close shooting that jab. I know he's trying to control range at that moment. However, if Vivus can see it, that overhand right is available for him. He can't get careless again. at this stage of your career, Tim, when you're so close to getting to a world title shot, you can't believe that you're already there because you still have a tough opponent in front of you. And Vivus has been in against some very good, solid, undefeated fighters before. And I'mma tell you right now why why Shushu got to be careful, especially early on. Look at his Look at his body. &gt;&gt; He's dry. It's like, did you warm up? Did you warm up inside the dressing room? Your body His body is dry right now. He don't need to be getting hit with no clean shots. That's right uppercut there from Shushu Carrington. But, you're You're right. I mean, we saw him warm up with Kay, so we know that he did warm up. Was it enough? Cuz you see him at the weigh-ins and then he's got that grease on him, all, you know, oiled up. But, That's that baby oil all over his body, man. Yeah, but I Look, tonight he doesn't have it on him. Doesn't look like he's warmed up a whole hell of a lot of I think he's taking this round and warm to do so. However, again, it's dangerous. You don't want to get caught cold early. Be defensively responsible, especially if you know you didn't get a good warm up inside that locker room. Especially for a guy who's got one round fought since April 2023rd, and that was his last fight in February of last year against Jonathan Chinona, a first-round knockout after losing to Jonathan I mean, to Joet Gonzalez. So, it was a get-well fight. He says, "I've been in the gym, but it's not the same as fight speed." Kept his phone He's like, "I know it's there, but you got to work your way to set it up, not just throw it and believe it's going to be there." Yeah, and he also told him to keep that left hand up cuz he sees that overhand right starting to land. But, again, he's right. I mean, look, it's too early in the fight for it to have a guy like Vivus who likes to get forward that get, you know, likes to get close. His wheelhouse is mid-range to inside. And you allow him to come through that front door and touch on you. No, absolutely not. Give him that stick. Maintain that distance outside. See, Vivus is closing that distance fairly easily. No struggles whatsoever. Nice left uppercut there. It is. Nice setup. Beautiful. But, he walked him into it. Nice right hand there from Vivus as Carrington comes back with a shot of his own. There it is again. Three times for Vivus, and that's going to give him confidence. As he lands it two times more with that same right. Vivus don't get acclimated around round four. Right now Right now, he's just starting to get comfortable. He's been out of the ring for some time. You know what? It's actually I think it's beneficial for Vivus to get a rest. Cuz in every fight Vivus is in, he's he's always in a war. So, having taken the time off, letting his body heal up, letting his brain heal up, this could be a good thing for him tonight. You know, we talked about the fact that he's got three losses on his record. All of them have been decision losses against Ruben Villa, where he was dropped uh early on in the fight. Then, Eduardo Baez, former world title challenger. Joet Gonzalez, another world title challenger. So, Vivus can be outworked and outhustled. Now, let's see if Carrington wants to do this over 10 rounds. And you see the overhand right landing for Vivus once again. The answer, a double right. Overhand right and an uppercut, and down goes [cheering] Vivus here in the second round. A minute and 5 seconds left here in the second round, and Shushu feeling that there's an opening for that right uppercut. Vivus coming right in unprotected, and that's not what you want to do against a sharpshooter like Shushu Carrington. Ooh, what a snapping RIGHT HAND! A RIGHT UPPERCUT FROM SHUSHU, and he's LOOKING TO FINISH THIS FIGHT. TWO DECISION WINS. He doesn't want to make it THE LEGS ARE WOBBLY, and Shushu is on top of Vivus here in THE SECOND ROUND. OH, ANOTHER SNAPPING RIGHT HAND. VIVUS' legs are not under him. Oh, oh my goodness. This is punishing shots from Shushu Carrington, and it's a matter of time of how much Raul Caiz Jr. is going to allow Carrington to tee off on Jose Enrique Vivus. It's about to be nasty. I'm letting y'all know, get ready. Get your record button out. This going to be nasty. Just He's going to let him survive. He loading up on everything right now. Oh my goodness. You got to give Vivus so much credit, Tim, for finishing this round on his feet after that blow. This is how he went down. I told you I love his James Toney inside, man. Nice rolling. You see his angle angling his body, rolling underneath that shot right there, and then punches in between. Beautiful shot. Vivus had just squared up right there. Had him trapped along the ropes. He thought he had his man. He's swinging wild right there. And look at those sharp short shots on the inside, right down the middle. You have your opposition coming out wide, come right down the middle. Great timing right there from Shushu Carrington. And you know what, Tim? Those weren't even the hardest shots of the round. No. No. No. Timing. You catch him at the right time. I mean, the punishment that Carrington dealt out after Vivus got up was impressive. But, there that left hook once again. And even though Vivus is his hands are there, Carrington punches right through it, and he finds an opening there for the right. Right now, it's target practice. Vivus too slow. You can tell. Still dazed from that last round. All those punches he took in that last round, man. It's I'm just a matter of time right now before Shushu land a perfect shot to end this fight. Look, I don't like the legs of Vivus. They're not stable. They're very unstable. And there's nothing behind his shots right now because they're The legs are gone. Legs are gone What a right lead [music] right from Shushu Carrington. And now, he's just going to let Vivus walk right into something. And there it is. That's a good stoppage from Raul Caiz Jr. He wasn't throwing punches, and the referee steps in at just the right time. Look, I know some of you would say, "Oh, yeah, he stopped it too soon. He stopped it too soon." It was only going to get worse from here. It was only going to get worse from here. Shushu gets back on the knockout Choo Choo train, and that was an [music] impressive stoppage from Shushu. Could have been stopped in the second round, Tim, where he was dropped and severely hurt. And referee Raul Caiz Jr. gave He did the right thing. He gave him an opportunity to come back, and his legs weren't there. There was nothing behind his punches, and he stepped in at the appropriate time. &gt;&gt; And And let me let me take a look first. Also, it was a title eliminator for him. He gave him an opportunity to try to get himself back into the fight. However, Shushu just too much for him. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Shushu improves to 15 and 0, earns his ninth knockout victory. And you see the swagger back, Tim, after decision wins against Dana [music] Coolwell, going the distance against Sulaiman Segawa with a majority decision victory. [music] This is the statement he needed to make for the to put the featherweight champions on notice. And let's take a look at how this fight came to a finish. Well, Shushu just came out and just got back where he ended that last round. Just moving. You know, you can take advantage [music] of your opposition's aggression. You know, Shushu's extremely extremely smart fighter. He knew that Vivus [music] was going to do most of the work for him. You see him here land the trap right there, high guard, and he pulled right there with that right hand. Checking him as he was coming in. Double impact. You see the legs of Vivus right there, little shaky, Little shaky, Raul Caiz Jr. did a great job right there in saving Vivas for his future, man, to be honest with you. Remember, every fight this man is in, Vivas is in, he's always in a war. I'm glad he [music] stopped it. He gave him a fighting chance for a future fight. Shu Shu Carrington does what Joet Gonzalez, Eduardo Ramirez, and Ruben Villa were unable to do. He got the stoppage. How long was the stoppage in the third round? Jimmy Lennon Jr. with the official time. &gt;&gt; [bell] &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, with a time of 53 seconds in round number three, our referee in charge, Raul Caiz Jr., stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. He is still the WBC, WBO number one ranked featherweight, and the defending NABF WBO Intercontinental champion. He is STILL UNDEFEATED, BRUCE Shu Shu Carrington. I'll bring them to you after. Congratulations.