Kind: captions Language: en He showed flashes of power in those little rounds. There's a RIGHT BIG RIGHT HAND AS IT CARSON DROPS CASTRO AND he may NOT MAKE IT UP. THAT WAS A BIG SHOT RIGHT ON THE TIP OF THE CHAIN. DOESN'T TAKE POWER. TAKES ACCURACY AND CAR HAS IT AND IT'S OVER. SUSHU IN HIS BIG stage at Madison Square Garden gets a knockout win in front OF HIS HOMETOWN CROWD &gt;&gt; to win the world title in Madison Square Garden in the big room in New York City. You know, it it was just amazing. Like it's always special for when I fight, you know, at home with my people cuz just that environment alone is overwhelming and it's very exciting. It adds another layer of pressure. But for me to be able to fight for the world title and end it the way I did in that fashion, it was like you couldn't have written it up any better than that. That's like a perfect way like even with the whole drama in the fourth round that I had to overcome. Like that right there. It's always sweet to see, you know, someone have a dominant victory, but it's something special and you see someone go through adversity and then overcome it the way I did. It was a perfect perfect night. Bruce Bruceu Carrington. &gt;&gt; It took about I would say one and a half weeks after the fight for it to like really hit me. You know, the first few days I was just kind of like in a twilight zone. I'm sitting there with my fiance as we watching fights together. I'm just like, man, I I I really did that. And then she's like, babe, you really did that. And I was like, I really did that. It's something I thought about since I was a kid, you know, and and when I started boxing, I was like 7 years old. But for me to really like have it now, I know my younger self probably it's a dream come true. &gt;&gt; Watch the right hand. The right hand. &gt;&gt; I'm thinking about all the hard work that I've, you know, done in the last camp, even camp before that, but really last camp, you know, pushing myself. Thinking about the how many times I thought about the fight over and over and over to where it was like I had unshakable confidence to where I knew that I was going to win that fight, man. And I actually trained to stop him. I didn't train to just win the fight. I trained to put on an emphatic performance and go for the knockout, you know, not recklessly, obviously, but something to where it was like we're going to get him in the later rounds, break him down, and do exactly what we ended up doing. &gt;&gt; What a combination. What a knockout. &gt;&gt; The champ life has been good. You know what I mean? I've been uh really enjoying, you know, all the love and um all of like the little tours of like me just doing like interviews and show ups and stuff like that. It's been really cool. I went to the Knicks game, the Nets game. I've been on uh Shannon Sharp and Ultra Syno Night Cap show. I just been putting my face out there and that's the one of the main things what I've always wanted to do ever since like since I started boxing since I was a kid. I was always like doing interviews. cuz I remember on boxing.com. I was about like 8 n years old and I'm just talking on camera fearlessly with the Mike Tyson tattoo on my face and it went viral on YouTube like some years ago. But um you know that's something I've always practiced and I always understood that boxing is not just about what you do inside the ring. It's what you do outside the ring that continues to help you build your fan base. It's kind of the exact thing I've been wanting to happen, you know, and to I'm going to have it continue to happen as long as I stay in this sport because I see myself being one of the best when it's all said and done. I've been, you know, definitely enjoying the fruits of my labor, but I don't stay outside the gym like but so long. You know, I just play the 10K marathon on the strip, you know, just to have an excuse to stay active. Workout and boxing is it's a lifestyle, you know. It's not something that I just do when I have a fight coming up. It's something that I really live by and uh I see myself continuing to like be like this even when it's all said and done. Even when I retire, like I'm going to continue to work out and stuff. So, I love being in the gym. I'm a gymmer. I want to fight at least two more times before the year ends. At the same time, have the right amount of rest and recovery time. So, I think May, June, around that time is a perfect time for me to get back in. I want everybody that's has a title in my weight division or in Iowa anyway. If there's any title defense that I have to do, I have to do them. But I'm looking through these guys. I'm I'm honestly like I'm not looking past anybody that I have to fight. I'm looking through everyone because everyone's in a way of me making achieving my milestone. My main focus is just, you know, the bigger fights and the big fights are for me to unify, come undisputed and or fight. your party, man. &gt;&gt; I was hosting at Hawason Nightclub and uh you know, as I'm in my section, I just see, you know, a familiar face come by and I see his Figuroa. So, I'm just like, "Oh, okay. Let me invite him to the Shushu party." You know what I'm saying? Ain't nothing like a sushi party, baby. I mean, so it was definitely something that I want him to know. Like, I definitely want to have a conversation to make this fight happen. Like, I'm fully intrigued to fight a guy like him, Rafa Espinosa. Again, like I said, all the champions. And I don't think that these guys are pushing the envelope the way I'm pushing it. Things like that can, you know, add some, you know, media pressure for the fight to happen. &gt;&gt; 125. &gt;&gt; I'm super confident that I'll be at 126 for as long as I could, you know, be to be honest. Like, uh, I make weight very well. You know, we've, uh, me and my team, we have a system when it comes to making weight. And I've never really had a problem making weight. So, yeah, I'm I'm in there for the long haul. I have a job to do and um that's for me to become undisputed and I will not leave 126 until that happens.