Kind: captions Language: en What's up everybody? It's Alandal. We're here at Fantasy Lab, Colors of Mexico, celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month. Come check it out with me. Let's roll. Katherine uh is uh is a well-dressed, well put together dude. It's on one of these cards. &gt;&gt; Which one is it? &gt;&gt; Uh definitely not that one. &gt;&gt; Definitely not that one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. Not uh Mexican, bro. Mexicans, it don't matter any holiday. Pull out loia. We put beans on there instead. Some people do coins or whatever, but we put beans. And uh I'm not too lucky when it comes to loia, though. Heat. Heat. And you got the ones for the pets. &gt;&gt; All dogs go to heaven. Look, people think I got a maybe a boxer at home, a pitbull, a bully. I got two Chihuahua at home, bro. Two Chihuahua at home. And I I love one. &gt;&gt; Brownie cuz it's dark like me. &gt;&gt; And then uh Bruno is my sister's dog. I don't really I don't Ty got some tigers. You want to get one of these? &gt;&gt; Uh he's crazy, bro. Mike T is a different level. I love my life. I'm good. The asset calendar makes me think of, you know, you know, my dad and uh his career, his walkouts, his everything that he represented. It's crazy. It's part of my heritage, you know. So, thank you. Um, I love love being Mexican. Love being Mexican American. And obviously, you know, I got that blood in me, the Aztec blood in me. So, um, that warrior spirit. &gt;&gt; It's really beautiful. Like I said, it reminded me of uh my dad a lot and everything that he stood for. He was a showman, too. So, um, I want to be a showman as well. I want to walk out with a a lion. I want to walk out Aztec dances. I want to I want to do all that, you know? It just makes me feel real proud. We're blessed every single day that the fans want to see still want to see my father, still want to see me and my family. That's the biggest blessing in the world cuz I couldn't go fight and nobody wants to go see me fight. I think that would be the biggest blow or biggest L in in in all reality because I'm a I'm a a people pleaser. I love to fight and and bring the crowd in here. I love to jump on the ropes and scream and have fans scream my name back to me. So, I'm a showman. I'm a Aztec warrior. I'm a modern day gladiator for sure. However you want to call it. This is how we make a fight announcement. November 15th, Mexico. Let's go, baby.