Kind: captions Language: en Okay, here's my instructions. All punches here will be fair. All punches here will be fair. Give me a good clean fight. Touch them up. Scoop back. &gt;&gt; Jim Lennin Jr. not only has introduced Emiliano Vargas, but also Fernando and Feros Vargas, his father. So, you know, the generations just keep coming and the pressure is on Emiliano Vargas to look good. injured his right hand and against Larry Friers much like Giovanni Santean did in knocking out and getting knocked out and Norman hurt his hand and same thing with Ailiano Vargas but when it was his right hand against Larry Friars he said watch out because my left hand is now a weapon that I've developed because I couldn't use my right hand in the gym. So he said he going to look out for that left hand and you know he's going to be heavy on the jabs, heavy on the left hooks as well. So you see the nice little hand faint right there that Ameiliano is trying to use. What I noticed right now from Ameiliano is his back. Look at his back. He was back. I mean, look at the muscles of his back. You could tell he's definitely been working in the gym. He told us in his time off he said, "I didn't just lay on the couch, dude. He was just like I was actually I was acting." &gt;&gt; This young man will tells in his physique. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's he's at 140 pounds now. And when you look at this young man, you forget that he's not 21 yet. He turns 21 just 18 days after this fight. So he's alive. He's growing into his body. Nice bodywork. Sets up the overhand right for Ameiliano. &gt;&gt; Milliano can't get too greedy, especially out the start. You know, he's facing a guy that got 15 knockouts, got some heavy hands. Gonzalez. The only chance that I see Gonzalez has is if he punches with Milliano and he catches in between the shots and hits him with a punch he doesn't see coming. &gt;&gt; Tries to get that left hook in. Does King Gio Gonzalez, man who owns KO KG Boxing Academy out there in Loi. He says I'm a nonprofit trying to get kids off the street, but right now he's got to get away from the power punches of yellow. &gt;&gt; You see, you see Gonzalez, right? I mean, he's taking these shots well at the moment, but if he continues to to take these shots, I don't think, you know, it's going to have an effect on him eventually because that uppercut, but you see him looking for that left hook. He's sitting on that left hook. He's waiting on the Milliano to get a little bit too greedy and sitting in front so he can catch him in between the shot. &gt;&gt; Didn't start boxing till after college because he used to fight in his backyard. used to get the gloves and and bring his friends over, but his parents would not allow him to box until he earned his college degree. So, he graduated from Sacramento State University. He says, "It's still my dream to be a fighter." And here he is. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Nothing wrong with that. Listen to his mom and pops. Nice jab there from Emiliano. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Gonzalez right now is staying low, trying to treat his target areas. You know, he's staying lean and low, but that's going to make him susceptible for uppercuts. Milliano being smart having high IQ. &gt;&gt; Already attempted a few already this round. &gt;&gt; 10 seconds. &gt;&gt; Very prestigious Tom Brown. Well, I would say and now will hear the instructions from his father, the former champ. Good son. Keep touching with the boom. And then we're going to use that left hand. Probably work today in the gym. You hurt him with a body shot. So keep touching right in the forehead and then go downstairs. &gt;&gt; That left hook downstairs when it works for you. That &gt;&gt; uppercut left hook. I need you to move your waist a little bit more. Okay. &gt;&gt; And you just keep moving your head and then finish this with a good shot. &gt;&gt; Clean haircut from Emiliano Vargas. He says, "Man, I got a haircut on Monday. Got one before the weigh in. I'm going to go get clipped up before the fight cuz if I look good, I fight good. &gt;&gt; I got you. I got you. Let them out. &gt;&gt; I mean, you wouldn't know about that. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Look. No, I don't know anything about that. I mean, every day. Come on. &gt;&gt; I don't know about every single day, but you know, some guys are like that, man. They want to look clean, clean, picture perfect, right? &gt;&gt; He's got the good looks there. You see quick punches there from &gt;&gt; I got you. I got you. Oh, but he was lunging. Oh my goodness. So, I mean, he was ready ready for a check hook, even an uppercut, lead uppercut. &gt;&gt; Again, one thing that Milliano's father forgot to tell him is is that he's looking for that left hook. Good defense. &gt;&gt; Gonzalez is sitting on that left hook. You see as he's bringing his head See him, he's bringing his head to his front knee right there again. Stand low. Oh, loop. Get the right hook. there right overhand right there. Just coming up from that lower position. &gt;&gt; Good body work. &gt;&gt; Got to watch that left hook again. &gt;&gt; I think Ameliano's smart enough. I think he understands that that left hook is is coming. He's holding that phone very well and he's getting underneath that left hook as well. See a little bit of inflammation under the right eye of Giovanni Gonzalez, married father of Dominic, 8 years old. Ya turns 11 in two weeks on Emiliano's birthday as well. So now there's a little bit of blood in the right eye or was that from the nose of Gio? Nice right uppercut there from Indiana. A quick combination and that left hook lays out Gio Gonzalez. &gt;&gt; 4 5 6 7 &gt;&gt; the fight is done. The fight is done. And Inano said, "My left hand is a weapon." And Tim, he unchath that left hook here in the second round. And that was as impressive a finish as we've seen from Emmyo. He had him hurt with the combination and that left hook finish. That was something that behold one punch. One punch. I want to see the replay here. It's happened. It was so fast. I was like, I missed it. I was like, wait, what what happened? What did Gonzalez do? If I had to guess right now, cuz I really don't know. I think Gonzalez was coming up to shoot a shot, had his hands down, and got caught. I mean, it was a three, four punch combination and then that left hook at the end just laid down Javanni Gonzalez. And Vargas, a man of faith alongside his father and his brothers and he's thanking the man above for giving him the talent and healing that left hand and the right hand. You know, more than likely that prepared him in the gym to use his left hand. intent. &gt;&gt; We know that fighters once they heard one hand, if they do things right in the gym, things like this happen because you saw just how confident he was throwing that left. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. I mean, the left hook is is a part of his arsenal. Always has been, Leonardo. But let's check let's check this out. I want to see I want to see how this happened cuz it's so fast. All right, both guys in the inside. You see him take his drops his knee, comes up with a jab in close, too close, uppercut, gets hit with a shot. His head is down. That's what it is. His head is down. He never saw the punch coming. Head down. Leaning over his knee. Here it is. Their jab. Different angle right here. Head down. Up. Holding that phone right there. Never saw it coming. Comes up. Swings the right hand. No responsibility after throwing that right hand with defense. Here it is. And that is so fast. Sweeping. &gt;&gt; That's a beautiful knockout. That is a beautiful knockout. You see the feet? The way they crumble behind them. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; It was three right hands that set up that left hook that he never expected and he never saw it coming. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 8 seconds in round number two. Our referee in charge, Robert Hy reaches the count of 10. He is the winner by way of knockout and still undefeated. Emiliano Fernando Vargas. &gt;&gt; Anytime you're close to 50% of landed power shots, you're in the knockout range. And when you land 19 of them and four of them are like that at the end of the round, that ends up being a knockout.