Kind: captions Language: en You received your instructions prior to coming into the ring. Therefore, I expect a clean, professional fight. Is that clearly understood? Okay, touch gloves, go back to your corner. Coming up, 12 rounds for World Boxing Council Continental Americas Middleweight title. Highly touted Roy Jones Jr. 19 and 0, 18 knockouts. Against Percy No Mercy Harris. He comes in at 15 and 3 and 9 knockouts. For Harris, this is his third minor title fight. He holds the IBF Continental Middleweight title. And here he is competing with Roy Jones tonight for the WBC Continental Americas title. Jones is versatile. Oh, oh, and there's a a tremendous shot right hand &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; to Harris's jaw. He's up. He's taking the eight count from Tony Orlando. A right hand with impact. Harris down early as we are in round one scheduled for 12 on this triple header Top Rank event. Roy Jones is very quick. Moves well. Carries his hands low, however. But he is so quick, I doubt that Percy Harris will be able to take advantage of it. AND YOU NOTE THAT HARRIS IS TALLER AND HE has the reach on Roy Jones. But whether he can use that remains to be seen. Down already in this fight. Jones is known for his showmanship. His corner is yelling at him to keep his hands up. Here he comes. He catches Harris with a left. Harris is wobbly. He's very shaky. And here comes Jones now to try and finish him off. A glancing right hand. And he catches him with a short right uppercut. And Harris is taunting him, saying, "Come on. Come on. Hit me if you can." And [cheering] he hit him again. He's wobbly. There he goes. He may go. He's been down once. And he's going to go again, it looks like. A barrage of punches from Roy Jones. Fighting for his first title. And he's breathing heavily at this point after all the punches he's thrown. A RIGHT HAND STINGS HARRIS. DOWN HE GOES. For the second time. Takes a standing eight count. 50 seconds remaining in round one. Here comes Jones now, sensing an early victory. Harris blocks a left hand. Jones misses with a right uppercut inside. Harris is very wobbly. Very wobbly. An uppercut, a left hand. He grabs hold of Jones. Orlando separates them. Down to 25 seconds. Can Roy Jones finish OFF HARRIS? HE'S LUNGING NOW. They're telling uh they're telling Jones to keep his hands up. I don't think it much matters with 10 seconds remaining in round one. Harris down twice. May go by the bell. Let's see. He goes down a third time, it's over. But the bell saves him. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen. Let's go back to round one. Here's Harris trying to take the measure of Jones and a looping right hand comes crashing down on the left side of Harris's head. That was knockdown number one. And again, we see it again. Jones puts him down a second time. Saved by the bell in here in the first round. Round two scheduled for 12. And a shaky Percy No Mercy Harris comes out for round two. Jones now sensing an early victory. He's 19 and 0, 18 knockouts. He has fought four times this year. He's fought some good opponents like Omar Pastor and Glenn Thomas. But he fought most of his fights in his hometown of Pensacola, Florida. Now that he's signed with Top Rank, we will expect to see him in Las Vegas and we may see him in the spring, early summer, fighting for the World Middleweight title. Tonight we have the Continental Americas title. They all mean something to these young fighters. Here's Jones. Carries those hands very low, but he's very quick. Very fast moving. Moves side to side. He slams a uh left uppercut into Harris. Harris now keeping his hands up. Takes a right-left combination. And he's taunting Jones again. Usually it's Jones that taunts people. Jones all business now. No showboating. All business. Harris has Jones IN THE CORNER. HAS A SLIGHT CUT on his lip. Second round action. Jones in a very furious first round barrage of punches slowing down a little bit. He's catching his wind. Trying to take the measure of Harris now. Looking for the open. Harris very cautious. He was down twice in the first round. And still groggy from those knockdowns. Jones seems to be scoring at will. Harris has had one fight this year against Lamar Box. Losing it in the 10th round. He was losing in the 10th round. Knocked out in the 10th round by Box for the USBA Middleweight title. Jones, great versatility. Great movement. Very exciting fighter. Compared to Muhammad Ali, compared to Sugar Ray Leonard. All business tonight. No hotdog. He can do it. He can show off, but not tonight. Slams a left to the midsection of Harris and Tony Orlando tells him to keep HIS PUNCHES UP. SEEMS content this round to stalk Harris. Picking his shots, combinations. And he catches him with a left to the jaw. Another left to the jaw and Harris goes down. Third time in this fight. Takes a standing eight count. Keep in mind the three knockdown rule is in effect. And that's the end of round two. Percy, how do you feel? I'm all right. You all right? &gt;&gt; to keep your hands up, man. You got to keep your hands up, son. I didn't know what corner he was going to first. I stick your tongue out, okay? All right. Here's a replay from round two. Left hand again. Almost looks like a replay from round one. It's that looping left again. And it stiffens Harris. Down for the third time in this fight. Okay. Blue corner, let's go. Round three scheduled for 12. World Boxing Council CONTINENTAL AMERICAS TITLE. HARRIS DOWN TWICE IN the first round. Down once in the second round. Still very wobbly. UNSURE OF HIS FOOTING. HARRIS KEEPING HIS HANDS HIGH. Here's Jones with some jabs now. He tries to follow with a right hand. Box. Ducks back with a left. Notice Harris has the reach. He's very deceptive with his stance. Must be frustrating watching Jones get inside. He's working close. HERE HE COMES AGAIN. JONES WITH A SMART FIRST ROUND PERFORMANCE. HE THROWS A right hand. Slams it on the side of Harris's face. It's been that looping left right to the head that's done it. Harris trying to REGAIN HIS STABILITY. HERE'S JONES NOW TRYING to pace himself after A FURIOUS FIRST ROUND ACTION. Bobbing and weaving a bit. Tugging at his pants. Tugging at his pants with his right hand and GLANCING BLOW OFF HARRIS'S FACE. Watch for that overhand right. And left. And he stuns Harris again as Harris balances himself ON ONE FOOT. AND HE'S RIGHT. Very unstable. JONES SEEMS TO BE STALKING. Harris with A LEFT HAND INSIDE. JONES MAY BE THINKING AT THIS POINT HOW DO I PUT THIS MAN DOWN? OH. JONES WITH A LEFT HAND. OH. HARRIS WITH A RIGHT HAND INSIDE. HARRIS very tentatively fires out a jab. Jones with his hands looking looking for Third round action. 25 seconds as he is getting knocked out in this third round. This is a combination to the body. Comes upstairs. Glancing blow off Harris's head. Harris is taking some punches. 10 seconds remaining in round three. Right hand again. This is a cheap shot off Harris's jaw. Jones having target practice at the bell. &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; You know what I told you before we first came out here to fight this guy? &gt;&gt; What? He ain't going to go from here if he shots to the head. See how much punishment he's taking? Yep. Well, we got Well, we got to go. You're about to get Okay. I wanted this round. I want you to soften that body. Yep. You can take a shot to the head, baby, okay? You're getting him drunk and he's coming right back. Soften Hey, rest this out, baby. Don't swallow this. Come back up, man. Try to get that face. &gt;&gt; All right. Let me get that breath. Of course, you got to keep your hands up, baby. Hands up, baby. They was up that round. No. Yeah, bet better that time. Let's go back into round three. You see that looping left. Stunning Harris, goes back on one foot, rocks back on that one foot. Seconds out. Let's go. Round four is scheduled for 12. So far, it's been Roy Jones all the way. And he's probably the WBC Continental Americas Super Middleweight Uh Jones is showboating for the The show Harris The punch that Harris landed by didn't mean a thing. We see Harris now trying to regain his composure. Trying to set something up for Harris. He's just too quick. Oh, Jones is elusive. Back and forth, side to side. HE'S JUST TOO QUICK. HE'S JUST TOO PUNCHING AND BOBBING AND WEAVING. JONES WITH A LEFT HAND AND HARRIS WITH A LEFT HAND AS WELL. WATCHING HIS BACK. And almost committed the And he's trying to mean business. Trying to do something here. Jones against the ropes, way out. THROWING COMBINATIONS. MEANWHILE, HARRIS STANDING STILL with a tentative jab. Jones certainly deserves Throwing punches and punches. Looking looking inside, WEAVING. HARRIS MISSING TENTATIVE JAB. NOW, HARRIS HAS Jones in the corner. Right. Left punch and step back to me. Harris trying to get something going. BUT HE'S AGAINST SOMEBODY WHO'S JUST TOO QUICK FOR HIM. TOO QUICK, TOO VERSATILE. HARRIS WENT TO Italy and he won the IBF Continental Thomas Tate. He had a very active 1991, but he's fought just one time this year. And that was in April, so he's he's BEEN OFF FOR 7 MONTHS. Here he is against Roy Jones who has a $40 million contract with Top Rank. And looking at a possible middleweight TITLE FIGHT AGAINST JAMES TONEY. He looks like Harris stunned again, wobbled again. And he is very unstable. Center of the ring action. 25 seconds remaining in round four. Every time Harris gets stunned, he waves to Jones to come on and do something. Jones has been doing something. He's been his fight all the way. 10 seconds remaining in this fourth round. As Jones slams away, &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; slams away. The wobbly Harris against the ropes, he's down at the bell. Two. Three. That's it. That's it. It's Hold on. It's all over in the fourth round. Referee Orlando stops it You okay? at the end of the fourth round. Yeah. Did anybody say anything? And Roy Jones goes to 20 and 0 with 19 knockouts. Harris down twice in the once in the second. Goes down here in the closing seconds of the fourth round. And it was obvious he was not going to get up. The fight wisely stopped. Roy Jones Jr. picks up the WBC Continental Americas Middleweight title, his first title. But he's looking down the road at a shot at James Toney. Keep in mind, James Toney on the card here tonight in a non-title fight as a Super Middleweight. He would have to drop down in weight to defend his Middleweight title. And Toney has been having weight problems. So, he may not do that. Let's go back in the fourth round and you see in the closing seconds, Jones having it all his way, just unleashing a barrage of punches, lefts and rights, and finally with a left hand, Harris goes down for the fourth time in the fight. Again from another angle, a right, a left, doubling, tripling the left, bombing with the right hand missing with the left, but Harris is on wobbly legs, takes a short chopping left and he's down and out. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; From the overhead camera, a right slamming against Harris's [cheering] jaw. Harris from the first round on has not been stable. Catching that little short chopping left hand falling backwards with his legs doubled up. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, the official time comes at the end of the fourth round. The winner by knockout and now his record 20 and 0, 19 KOs, and he owns the WBC Continental Americas Super Middleweight Championship. Ladies and gentlemen, Roy Jones Jr. &gt;&gt; [applause]