Kind: captions Language: en And it's all controlled. Everything's about control. I didn't like that leaping leaping hook right there, but I do like that straight left hand. Oh, and there it is. Why did you like it? Because it is damaging. I got to tell you. six, seven, eight Oh my goodness. Right that starts the combination now for Mason who has the angles, who studies the greats in the sport, and that's a knockdown. Not sure his glove touched, but he was hurt enough. &gt;&gt; he was hurt bad enough. I think if he had followed up that shot would have probably finished him. And a lot of times young fighters like this young man First knockdown. Wow, that was fast. [Applause] All that offense from Mason right now. Oh, and that one puts down Herrera. My goodness. [Applause] He's ready to go, but just under a minute here in round three, can Abdallah Mason finish the show? Big body shot there with the right hand too. Back up top with the left. Good counter shot. That one puts him down again for the second time here in round three. It also means how well he moves in each direction. And plus it means how well he defends against punches. Oh, counter right hand. That's the best way to defend against that. The fight is over as referee Mark Nelson calls an end to this fight. What an impressive counter shot. That right there, counter punching to me is his statement. He is a tremendous counter puncher. Ooh, nice lead. &gt;&gt; Oh, left. That one wobbles Oliveda. He's in bad shape, and Abdallah Mason tripling up on the left hook as Oliveda goes down for the count. Abdallah Mason earning his fifth consecutive knockdown, nine victories, eight of those before the final bell, and it was a foregone conclusion that Oliveda just simply did not have enough to keep Mason off of him. Yeah, that's all mental right there. You got to be able to control him. Ooh, nice left. Short one-two, and down goes Gotlin off. You never saw it? Nope. Never saw it coming? Beautiful jab right there. Yeah, that's part of learning process he told us from straight left puts Gotlin off on his back. Speed. &gt;&gt; It's over. Power. &gt;&gt; Referee Tony Weeks is not worth counting. The only thing you got to count is the ninth knockdown in 11 victories for Abdallah Mason. This kid can fight. That was nasty. The power of Mason, you saw that double left hand, and you saw Gramajo retreat toward the ropes, and Mason now looking to put an end to this fight. Those left hooks landing cleanly on the chin of Gramajo who finally was going down and held onto the ropes, and it's a knockdown. Excellent job from Harvey Doc from the state of New York. What a finish from Abdallah Mason. He didn't need a short leash. All he needed was one shot to say good night. Wow. Auto the Mason five, and there's that lightning quick left hook, and Ron's legs go out under him. There it is. I told you you got to go on somebody letting you know. Wow, I didn't say that lightly. &gt;&gt; kid is electric. Mason stepping in, and the body shot sends down Ron, and then a straight shot to the head. This is a wrap. He's up at nine. He's not coming forward anymore, LeBron. He's stepping back. He's respecting the young man. He's putting combinations together. He hurt him with that shot. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's over. Finally. Round number two, and the young sensation Abdallah Mason has LeBron in trouble. Look at that face. [Applause] Mason puts him down again. Right hooks did it this time. Just an onslaught of offense. How fast they are. Blazing fast, extremely hard, sitting down on those shots. Those are not peppering type of punches. Ooh, like that one. That uppercut that puts Ohan on the seat of his pants. Never saw it coming. [Applause] [Music] Now, this is what I was talking about. What a straight left hand. &gt;&gt; And that one puts Ohan down again, and he's got to think about what's next. And the corner is on there, and now we see that the fight has been called by Mark DeLuca in the blue corner. He had seen enough. What a blistering finish from this young man, Abdallah Mason. Abdallah's human. Oh, and he gets rocked by a right hand. Oh, what a shot by Abdallah Mason. [Music] [Applause] Vasquez holding and punching, and Abdallah says, "You hold me, you better hold me tight because I'm going to go to the body and drop you with a shot to the solar plexus." [Applause] He means That's it. He means That's a body shot. If you put Abdallah Mason down, you better put him out. You seen his eyes. He's completely focused, dialed in. That jab was something else from him. There it is. And it sends that shot out. I told you. Give him the reach. There it is. I told you. Watch the reaction. Yeah, it was off the jab. Good defense after. You seen got underneath that left hook. Left uppercut again, and he follows it with a right. Look at the speed and the power behind that. Telling you. Man. This kid is lightning quick, and the courage of Jaimez to get back up once again. See the defensive distance. Right there. Nice right hand from Jaimez, and then that left hook from Abdallah Mason says, "I'm going to let you get one, but the get back's going to be worse." And understanding that, hey, every every time I step back, I push off that front leg, and I step back. Oh, goodness. Forget about what I'm saying right now. I mean, I just want to see this finish right here. &gt;&gt; There it is. It has to be the end. Fourth round, appetite for smoke, the entire Mason family is on their feet. Valley is happy. Abdallah has done it again. If you make a mistake, it's going to be costly against Abdallah Mason. You know there's good and bad in everything you do inside that ring, but stand low again. You can Oh, that puts him from Abdallah Mason. He timed it perfectly, and a delayed reaction from Carlos O'Neal. Yeah, you see him inside now. He's stepping stepping forward, closing the distance right there. Boom, beautiful shot, perfectly timed right there. Just going up in the high guard, anticipating something to come. He may have missed it, and then he made him pay. There it is. He knew that left hand was going to come. He didn't ask for a timeout? No, he didn't ask You funny. You funny. No, you know what? That was That was actually a smart thing to do. You know, he felt it in his head. You got to work your way through it. Nothing wrong with that, Calvin. No, bring it back. You can't Like a quarterback, right? You got to work your way through the progressions to land the better Oh, that's a nice left hand from Mason. And again, it's the delayed reaction both times that Ornelas has been down. There he is, measuring right there. You see Abdallah right there. Nice little feint on the inside. [Music] Good defense. Catching him in between with that shot. Good angle. And you see the delayed reaction right there from Ornelas. Perfectly timed. He was He was waiting on that left hand because he knows that's what Ornelas wants, so he made him pay for what he wanted, right? Catching him in between. That's the beauty about Abdallah. [Music] Nice left hook there, and this is a Ornelas is in a dangerous place because Mason's coming downhill. He's going downstairs, and that left hook is landing continually on Ornelas, and he takes a knee for the third time this fight. It's a lot of heat. [Music] Right here, you got Abdallah Mason. Just know he has his man out of position. Just trying to catch him out of position, right? [Music]