Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, Bob Aram's Top Rank Incorporated in association with Frank Warren's Queensberry Promotions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Geico. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside, Patricia Morse, German, Dave Moretti, and Dawn Trella. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing in a battle of unbeatens for the lineal heavyweight championship of the world. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world on ESPN Plus and across the UK on BT Sport, live from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. It's time for the Top Rank Boxing Main Eventing. Introducing to you first, the Challenger on my right, fighting out of the blue corner, presented in association with SES Boxing. Entering the ring, wearing black trunks with gold trim, hailing from MDAberg, Germany. Standing at 6' 5 1/2 in. He weighed in at 245 and 12 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 24 wins, no losses, 16 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight, making his US debut. Please welcome the longtime WBO Intercontinental title holder and the WBO number two ranked world contender. Introducing the undefeated Tom Schwarz and his opponent across the ring. The defending champion fighting out of the red corner wearing red, white, and blue trunks representing MGK Global and fighting out of Manchester, England. Standing at 6'9 in, he weighed in at 263 lbs. His record 27 wins, no losses, one draw with 19 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight in his top rank and Las Vegas debut, he is making the fourth defense of his lineal heavyweight crown. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former unified world champion and the current popular undefeated and reigning lineal heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing the Gypsy King, Tyson Fury. And introducing our referee in charge now to give instructions, Kenny Bis. &gt;&gt; Okay, gentlemen. Chunks are good on both sides. &gt;&gt; Now listen, I went over the rules in the dressing room. I want to caution you again to keep this fight clean at all times. Protect yourself at all times. And what I say, you must obey. Good luck. Touch them up. Veteran referee Kenny Bis. He's done it all in his career, including being the third man inside the ropes in this very ring for Mayweather Pacquiao. And now he's here for Fury Schwarz. Joe Tessore, Tim Bradley, Andre Ward on the call here, guys. At the weigh-in, Tyson Fury was calling Tom Schwarz a bum. He yelled in his face and said, "You're getting it, Tom. I'm knocking you out and I'm doing it in one round." That is not Tyson Fury's typical form. He's a master chess player. What do you expect early &gt;&gt; boxing? Sweet science. Lots of movement off the long jab. 85 in reach of Schwarz. And then he's going to set him up for the big boom. And that's the right hand that you were talking about, Dre. &gt;&gt; For Tyson Fury, when you got big talks, we expect big walk. It's not just about winning tonight. It's about winning in style for Tyson Fury and for Tom Schwarz. This is an opportunity of a lifetime. You don't know if he'll get another one against a fighter like this with the credentials that he has on this stage. He's got to take full advantage. &gt;&gt; Well, I'll tell you one thing. I like the jab to the to the body from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; I like how effortless it is. &gt;&gt; Nice and smooth. Oh, clipped with a shot right there in between. &gt;&gt; Good fast hands by Tom Schwarz. &gt;&gt; By Tom Schwarz. Yes. But going down to the body will slow down Schwarz and also drain some of the power he packs in that right hand over time. Think about Tyson Cherry that's impressive as you see a heavyweight, you see a guy 69, 85 in reach like you mentioned, Tim, and you expect him to throw everything hard. He has different rhythms, different cadences. He'll throw a soft punch, a blinding punch, and then he'll throw a sneaky right hand that you saw in the Wilder fight. If he lands that right hand flush, he could hurt Schwarz for sure. &gt;&gt; Look at the faint right there. You see the response from from Schwarz. When you faint a fighter and it responds, you kind of laugh inside, you know, secretly. And then you set him up for the punch and the opening that you see. I saw just a second ago when Tyson Fury fainted Schwarz. He dropped his right hand. He brought it forward. Look for the left hook of Tyson Fury and the right hand to follow. Fury successful with a right hand that split the guard moments ago. The constant movement, the ability, that jab, 85 in reach as Schwarz tries to close the gap and drive down a right hand. &gt;&gt; You see that angle that Fury takes. He leans to the back foot in the direction of the right hand. You know, Wilder had success with that right hand, landing it on the ear, on the temple of Tyson Fury. So, he has to be careful. He has to correct that flaw. &gt;&gt; Excellent work with the jab coming off the hip, utilizing that reach, that snap. &gt;&gt; Trying to turn it into a hook that time. Doubles it up. Just constantly touching him, probing. There he is again pumping that jab. 6'9 in all that range. &gt;&gt; Steady boxing from Tyson Fury right now. Not throwing combinations. Not too early for that, but he's picking Tom Schwarz apart right now. &gt;&gt; End of one successful work with the jab from Fury. &gt;&gt; It just shows you what type of shape Tyson Fury's in. And up he's coming out southpaw. That's what I'm talking about. The Terence Crawford of the heavyweight division. Smooth in the southpaw position as well. &gt;&gt; So now Tom Schwarz, who had to deal with that effective jab in that first round from Tyson Fury when he threw 45 jabs in that first round, now has to deal with the right hand sitting right on top of him. The southpaw jab that Fury will also turn over into a right hook. Straight left came behind it that time. Fury just giving a different look early. You know, you worry about him switching southpaw because of the right hand of Schwarz. &gt;&gt; Uppercut from Tyson Fury. Comes in with a left hand. Just missed with the right hook, but the uppercut was effective. Comes with a lead that time. And now he has Schwarz thinking about all the weaponry. &gt;&gt; Schwarz is slow on his feet trying to get in position to to land something on Fury. Fury just keeping him on the outside. Nice steady movement for Fury. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's a good left hand. Schwarz tries to fire back. AND JUST LIKE THAT, Tyson Fury turns the tables and lands a right hand at distance. &gt;&gt; Tom Schwarz hadn't even adjusted to the first thing that Tyson Fury was doing in the first round. Now he's giving him a different look from the southpaw position. A lot of trouble on the shoulders of Tom Schwarz right now. &gt;&gt; This is what makes this division so fascinating. Deontay Wilder is the biggest puncher in the sport. He has dynamite in his right hand, but Tyson Fury is among the most complete fighters in boxing, let alone that he's 69, 265. How about that left hand? And now he's got both gloves down at the hips. And he is just pumping Schwarz coming off the hip. He knows he's in control. LOOK AT SCHWARZ'S NOSE. BLOOD IS ALREADY STREAMING DOWN here with still a minute to go in round two. Fury's in complete control. This is brilliant boxing. from Tyson Fury. Changing angles, coming up the middle with the nice short uppercut, splitting a guard. &gt;&gt; Schwarz trying his best. LOOK AT FURY. WHAT? Unbelievable upper body movement defensively. FOUR PUNCHES MISSED WITH THE HEAD MOVEMENT. HE'S GOT EVERYTHING here in this second round going. And now the combination punching and Schwarz goes down. THIS IS A MASTER CLASS RIGHT NOW. 6 7 8 You okay? Okay. &gt;&gt; CAN HE FINISH OFF this sensational second round? HERE COMES THE CHAMP. RIGHT HAND, LEFT HAND IN THE CORNER. SCHWARZ IS IN TROUBLE. BIG MAN'S BLASTED AWAY. HE'S TAKEN HUGE PUNISHMENT. Got to get in there. &gt;&gt; 10 seconds left. IT'S OVER. TKO VICTORY AND STILL welcome to Vegas. His Vegas debut and he's a showstopper. As brilliant a second round as you will see. And Tom Schwarz was badly and I mean badly damaged. &gt;&gt; It's a big man movement. talked about this in the buildup of the fight. You don't see 69 men moving like that. Offense and defense. It's no fun when you get hit and you can't get nothing back. And that's the position Tyson Fury puts most of his opponents in. Beautiful work stepping around right there. Now look at the head movement here from Tyson Fury. Make him miss. Make him miss. Three. Four. &gt;&gt; I mean, this was truly a master clinic. &gt;&gt; Master clinic. One single round is everything. &gt;&gt; Take that body shot boxer is supposed to be. &gt;&gt; And here's the knockdown. Tyson Fury, he smells blood. He's a vet. He's been here before. Tom Schwarz hasn't. And he's feeling the power. Every shot that's landing right now is a death blow from Fury. And down goes Schwarz. &gt;&gt; Crumbled goes Schwarz. Here's another look at the knockdown. &gt;&gt; Look at this combination. That right hand was brutal. Absolutely brutal. And then the end of the fight with a sustained strafing attack to the head and the punishment. And you can see veteran referee Kenny Bless giving it a peak. But look at the angles. Look at the distance. He controls distance. He knows what he's doing. Little stiff on him right there. And three, four, right hooks. My goodness. Beautiful finish from Tyson F. He didn't rush it. He only loaded up when he had Schwarz in a compromised position. I think he might have broke the nose of Tom Schwarz. The way the nose was bleeding abruptly and and the amount of blood that came out, &gt;&gt; it was an instant waterfall of red going down the middle of the face. And the gypsy king is king of the heavyweights, the lineal champ. Let's make it official. Here's Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 54 seconds. In round number two, a referee in charge, Kenny Bis, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. He is still the undefeated reigning lineal HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD, THE GYPSY KING, Tyson Fury. Tyson, the 20th knockout of your professional career. 20th knockout of your professional career. What message did you send with your performance tonight? &gt;&gt; First of all, I want to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ for giving me the victory tonight. SECOND OF ALL, THANK YOU AMERICA AND GOD BLESS YOU ALL. YOU said Top Rank and ESPN did not pay $100 million to see you knock out guys out. They paid for the show. They paid to see you box. You did a little bit of everything. You seem like the complete package. What was the key to tonight? The key tonight was to enjoy myself. I used the jab. I was slipping and sliding. Hands down. I switched up to Southpaw. Caught him with a straight left and uh it was a good shot. You're not going to have put anybody away. I put on an extra 12 lbs. I really really feel it. You know, I haven't had three year out the ring this time. This time I had a few months out the ring and I'm back. Return of the Mac. The Mac is back. THE LINEAL CHAMPION. BRING THEM ALL ON. SO, IT SEEMS THAT Snickers bars is not the superpower that other people thought did in the weigh-in, but at the end of the day, we had the impressive knockout by Wilder. Did you feel like you need to make a statement tonight to stay on that level? Do &gt;&gt; you know what? I came here to have fun and enjoy myself, put on a show for Las Vegas, and I hope everybody ENJOYED IT AS MUCH AS I DID. We would enjoy a rematch. What's next for you? I know you said you didn't want to disrespect your opponent by looking forward. Now, it's time to look ahead. Is Deontay Wilder in your plans? &gt;&gt; I just want to thank Bob Arum, top ranking ESPN, for putting on a great show. You know, I've never seen promoting like this. There was two and a half hours of documentary Tyson Fury last night. all day for for four weeks every day. Great promotional job, guys. Amazing. I'm glad to sign with the best promotional team in the world. Um, what's next? Well, Bob will tell you we have got either September 21st or October 5th, and then next year we're going to HUNT DOWN DEONTAY WILDER and make him give me that green belt. You said you came to America to entertain. So, what do you say? I give you the mic and you entertain. &gt;&gt; Okay. Water. &gt;&gt; I can lay awake just to hear you breathing. Watch you smile while you are sleeping. while you're far away and dreaming. I could spend my life in this sweet surrender. I could stay lost in this moment forever. Every moment spent with you is a moment I treure forever and ever. AND I I DON'T WANT TO close my eyes. I DON'T WANT TO FALL asleep cuz I love you, babe. And I don't want to miss a day. God bless America. Ladies and gentlemen, Bob Aram's Top Rank Incorporated in association with Frank Warren's Queensberry Promotions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Geico. This bout is sanctioned by the Nevada State Athletic Commission, the chairman Anthony Marnell III, our judges at ringside, Tim Cheetum, Eric Cheek, and Dawn Trella. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the lineal heavyweight championship of the world. And now, ladies and gentlemen, in attendance, boxing fans joining us around the world on ESPN Plus and across the UK on BT Sport live from the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. It's time for the main event of the evening. Introducing you first, the challenger. Fighting out of the blue corner, standing at 6' 5 1/2 in, presented in association with Selita Promotions. Entering the ring, wearing black trunks with blue and gold trim, fighting out of New York City by way of Sunsvall, Sweden, he weighed in at 236 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 20 wins, no losses, one no contest with 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight in his second US appearance, here is the WBA European champion and the number four world ranked heavyweight contender introducing the undefeated challenger Otto. all in the lead. And his opponent across the ring, the defending champion fighting out of the red corner, standing at 6' 9 in, representing Queensberry Promotions, NMTK Global, wearing white trunks with red and green trim, fighting out of and representing Manchester, England. He weighed in at a ready 254.4 lb. He also is undefeated in his campaign with a record of 28 wins, no losses, one draw with 20 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the popular former unified heavyweight world champion tonight making the fifth defense of his current title. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the acclaimed and undefeated, the reigning and defending lineal heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing El Re de los, the gypsy king, Tyson Fury. And now introducing our referee in charge. Now to give instructions, Tony Weekes. Okay, here we go. Okay, gentlemen, you both received your instructions in the dressing room. Okay, on the belt line is okay. On the belt line is okay. I want a good, clean fight. Obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourselves at all times. Let's go. Tyson Fury said to us just the other day that my God-given ability is almost unfair for a guy of my size to be able to move the way I do. It defies reality. We saw that in June. All that incredible movement from him and then the ability to turn it into offense and dismiss Tom Schwarz quickly. What do you expect we see tonight? Well, for me, I think Tyson Fury needs some rounds. You know, he's only been around and a half since the Deontay Wilder fight. And I think he's going to take his time tonight and box from the from the outside and then eventually step inside and try to take it to Vene and probably try to go for the knockout probably second half of the fight. Adavalene who has overcome grief this year. He's very close to his dad. Got him started in the fight game. His father passed away this past spring. Family and friends have made the trip over to Vegas from Sweden. 35 family members in from Sweden to support him and they were very vocal sitting up close at the weigh-in yesterday. But these fans, whether it's the UK fans who travel so well and love to come to Fury Fight Weekends states side or the American fans who have taken to the heavyweight champion, they were roaring for him when he made that ring entrance. I want the fans at home to know that Tyson Fury has a 7-in reach advantage. That's a big reach advantage going into a heavyweight championship fight championship fight. 85 in of reach from Fury on that 6'9 frame. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about the line championship. &gt;&gt; There's that jab out there. See his ability to probe as well as snap with it. &gt;&gt; Wow. You see the issues of Colleen trying to close in. Yeah, there he comes with a left hand. &gt;&gt; That's the shot right there. &gt;&gt; I got you. Let me stop. &gt;&gt; That Tyson Fury has to be &gt;&gt; very careful. Well, here's the thing about Fury tonight. After all the pageantry, he's not only got to win tonight, but he's got to look good doing it. He doesn't want to show any vulnerability because the world is watching and Deontay Wilder is watching for &gt;&gt; Grab his hand. &gt;&gt; His opponent, &gt;&gt; I got you. Let me go. Step back. &gt;&gt; Auto Valene, he's got to embody his nickname. He's got to be allin tonight and all he has to do, and that's a big all, but he just has to win. Tyson Fury has to look good while he tries to win. &gt;&gt; Well, there's two ways that Valen can do this. He can either stay on the outside and try to lure in Tyson Fury and set traps for Tyson Fury and make him pay when he makes mistakes or he can get inside and work the body and slow down Fury and take that reach advantage away and that's that's seemingly what he's doing right now. He wants to get inside. &gt;&gt; Come on. Handsree. Hands free. &gt;&gt; Stop. Stop. I got you. Stop. Stop. &gt;&gt; I like the fact that Vene is not a deer in the headlights. He's putting it on the line. He's pressing the issue. He's making Tyson Fury think and he and he's making Tyson Fury work. Trust me, Fury's thinking a lot more in this first round than he anticipated. &gt;&gt; Let me just put it this way. He's not Tom Schwarz. &gt;&gt; Exactly. No. &gt;&gt; So, a decent opening round for the challenger Valin. Round number two here. &gt;&gt; See how Valene, he's under his feet, you know. You know, his legs are good. He's always on balance. You know, hand placement is great. His hands are up. He's figning every time he comes in. Giving different looks in the front to Tyson Fury. Well, Ben Davidson, the trainer for Tyson Fury, has great respect for what Valen can offer up tonight. He says he thinks Otto will make Tyson think that he's going to force Tyson to have to find range. And they feel, listen, give a good effort, but also give great prep for Deontay Wilder. Remember, the mega fight, the mega rematch of the two undefeated heavyweight champions is set for this winter. It's been wildly reported. It is talked about often. And both guys have to get through a fight to reach it. And what an event that will be the buildup to Fury Wilder 2 if they can get there. &gt;&gt; Let's check in with Bernardo. &gt;&gt; Kamash told me that Otto Valene is staying calm and he's happy about that. He wants him to continue moving his feet and not stay static in one place. The most important thing is I want him to continue attacking the body because Fury's open. He would have much better chance if he's able to do that. Easier said than done. And there comes some danger in closing that gap as he does there with a left hand. &gt;&gt; Good body shot from he's doing a good job. He has a great game plan right now. Everything is going to the chest of Tyson Fury in the body which will slow down. It will show up. That work will show up later in the fight &gt;&gt; for Vene kind of let the cat out of the bag in the fighter meeting. They kind of alluded to wanting to go to the body and the chest of Tyson Fury and then try to go to the head as the fight progresses. He's doing that right now. &gt;&gt; Executing on that plan. Also showing himself, as you mentioned, Tim, to be mentally composed in this kind of spot, tries to turn the tables on Fury now as he has Fury in that neutral corner. And Fury at range comes off the ropes sweeping with a wide shot as Fury goes southpaw. &gt;&gt; And that shot hurt Val sense. He put his guards up right away. His legs are a little unstable. He's still in recovery mode at the moment. &gt;&gt; Doesn't take much when it's coming from that man. One shot can change everything. &gt;&gt; With a punch from Fury. Here we go. &gt;&gt; As a challenger, this is when you really see if you've really come here to win. when you get hit. Tyson Fury hadn't really hit Viene up until this point. He just got hit. So, we're going to see what Vale is made of on the inside. &gt;&gt; Intriguing second round as Val continue to employ the strategy that works, but Fury HAD HIS MOMENT. &gt;&gt; END OF two here in Vegas. &gt;&gt; Free right now finally finding his range and tempo. And out of what did he do? He pulled straight back. And what did Fury do? followed him out with a nice scooping shot. Caught him right on the chin that buzzed him. Here's the end of the round here as tries to step in. Lunges forward and what is Fury does? Timed him with a nice right hand as he was pulling back. &gt;&gt; Great shot by Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just nice. Lift up. &gt;&gt; Okay, patience. Patience. Let's go. &gt;&gt; That's the 26-year-old trainer, Ben Davidson. One of the rising stars in all of boxing, the trainer of Tyson Fury. There's a certain confidence and maturity Ben Davidson has, and they have a dynamic relationship. Round number three here, heavyweight championship fight. Thrilled you're with us here on ESPN Plus. Joe Tesstor, Tim Bradley, Andre Ward ringside with you. Tess, I'm learning that age doesn't define a person at all any more than race or gender. You know, you can learn a lot from, you know, a younger person. I've learned a lot from from my daughter and she's going to be 15 years old soon. &gt;&gt; That is the case with Ben Davidson as we have gotten to know him in recent years and marvel at his boxing IQ trying to land that right uppercut as Valen was coming forward that time. Is that something? &gt;&gt; This is the talltail sign that Valen is here to win is that every time he gets hit with a hard shot. He comes back with ferocity. He's not laying back. He's not looking for a place to fall. He's trying to get his back. He's trying to get that shot back from Tyson Fury. If Tyson Fury is successful tonight, he's going to have to earn it. &gt;&gt; You know, that sounds like such a basic concept to put forth like he's here to win. Like what else would he do? But in this game, you can break a man's will very, very early. And that's not always the case. But that's why we talked about the confidence of the lean that it wasn't just talk. When you sit with this big underdog, it's different and you know it. &gt;&gt; I asked Valene, I said, "Do you have what it takes? Do you have what it takes to fight back when you start getting hit and to be at on this level and at this stage?" And I loved his response. He said, "Listen, it's just in me. I know it's in me." I love that response from Valin. &gt;&gt; You know, think about a guy from Sweden who's never fought on this stage. And he said to us, he turned to us the other day and he said, "Listen, I look at the MGM brand and you know that's where the fight was was stationed this week. All the events were over there." He says, "They have that giant marquee here on the Vegas strip and his face and his name is on it next to Tyson Fury." He goes, "It's not surreal." Everybody says, "Is it surreal? Is it beyond your belief?" It's not. It's not for me. That was a sign. But there are levels to this game, skill levels that start to define themselves. And Fury is as skilled as anyone. He got to choose his spots though wisely. You know, you got to know when to fight and when not to. And I'm talking about Al Valene because Fury can be setting traps for him right now looking to time him on the way in. &gt;&gt; Stop. Stop. I got you. Not only can he I think it's exactly what he wants to do. You mentioned that he wants to get rounds in, that he wants to get work laying traps, setting traps when eventually you have the mega fight rematch with a guy that throws dynamite right hands like Deontay Wilder, &gt;&gt; which you can't take a whole lot of risk with, &gt;&gt; as Fury found out. And there's a cut now. &gt;&gt; There's a cut. We will look at the replay and check as to how that came about. But Tyson Fury has blood streaming down the right side of his face. &gt;&gt; Just on the corner of the right brow of Fury. You'll see the stream of blood. Stop. Stop. Stop. Keep going. Relax out. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; That is a bad gash. &gt;&gt; Keep switch on the boxing nicely. It's a cut. I know. &gt;&gt; But focus on what you're doing. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Forget about the cut. Don't keep dabbing it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He's going to start coming out. Use that to play on to our advantage. Okay. Stick to your boxing. Don't think about rushing it. accidentally. We're looking at it. Close your eyes. &gt;&gt; Keep focused on winning the round. Don't look try and bang him out. Anything silly. Don't panic. Okay. &gt;&gt; Good stuff. &gt;&gt; Look at that left hand that landed flush from Otto. &gt;&gt; Now we have to find out. Bernardo will be on this how the commission saw that. But it is clear as day in our replay that it was a clean left hand that opened up that cut. What does that mean? And what's the difference between a clash and a and a left hand? If he can't continue and it's caused by a punch, you have a new heavyweight champion. Let's check in with Bernardo. Bernardo, what did you find out? &gt;&gt; Bobby Bennett is looking at the replay and they determined that it was a left punch that caused the a cut over the eye. The same replay we were looking at is what they were looking at. And it was clear as soon as the punch hit him and the glove came off, the cut was open and the blood started to flow. So a left hand by Otto Valain opens up that huge gash and now there has to be a sense of urgency. There's danger because that is a big cut and if the ringside physician and the ref consult and the referee says this cannot continue. That is a TKO victory for out of &gt;&gt; Yes, it is. It's dangerous territory right now. I would tell my fighter right now, Tyson Fury, you got to find a way to knock this guy out here. get this guy up out of here right now because that cut is really bad. &gt;&gt; And I don't want them to stop the match. &gt;&gt; This is why you can't just look at records. You can't just assume because you've never heard of a fighter that it's a foregone conclusion he's going to get knocked out in a few rounds. You have to always leave room for a fighter believing in himself and having the the night of his life on any given night. &gt;&gt; Anything can happen when you have big men in the ring. Anything. This division and the history of it is filled with shocking upsets. &gt;&gt; This is not a video game. This is this is a real life sport. That's right. &gt;&gt; And it's not scripted, Joe. &gt;&gt; Nope. The real drama inside that chamber of truth. 24 by 24. &gt;&gt; Deontay Wilder wasn't watching before. I'm sure somebody's text called his phone and said, "Turn this fight on now." Turn it turn it on now, right? He's cut and and it's a bad cut and the fight might could be stopped. &gt;&gt; And Valene has to target it. &gt;&gt; I don't think Fury needs to get out of character and do anything crazy, but he's got to slowly open up his offense and try to start putting the type of punches on that could either get him out of there or cause, you know, the referee to jump in there because that's a bad cut and it's getting in his eye. And Tony Weeks is a great referee and he's keeping an eye on that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And they have to worry that they don't have an over anxious ringside physician as well who consults with Tony Weeks and says, "I don't like what I'm seeing. I don't want it to continue." The reason why you often see concern with a gash like that is if that thing starts getting towards the bone. That's when a doctor will get in there and say, "Hey, there's grave there's great concern here." Also, if his vision is impaired where the doctor says, "I don't like what I'm seeing. I'm very worried about the condition of the eye &gt;&gt; because Fury keeps swiping at it. I've been there before and I know what he's going through right now. &gt;&gt; Nice shot right there by Auto Valain right to the chest of Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; All right, so we will listen in and see how they manage this cut. &gt;&gt; Chill. Good. You doing show for me? &gt;&gt; You got two [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shots. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Accidental. Yeah. Yeah. Let me go. Let me go. You need to keep his distance. &gt;&gt; Have a drink. &gt;&gt; Let me talk. &gt;&gt; Let me speak. &gt;&gt; When he's backing up, those far away shots are working. Yeah. Keep the faints and the tempo on him. But when you're inside, &gt;&gt; when you're when you're inside, chip away at his body. Make him work. Yeah. Lean on him. &gt;&gt; Stick to your boxing. He's working nicely. Okay. &gt;&gt; He's walking on to the shots. We'll draw a little lust. &gt;&gt; Just stay calm. &gt;&gt; No panic. No panic. No panic. No stress. &gt;&gt; This is the first cut that Tyson Fury's been dealing with since 2010. Our ACE reporter, Bernardo Asuna. Bernardo, I want to bring you into the conversation here because during that exchange with Ben Davis, the trainer, and Tyson Fury, the lineal champ, I heard Tyson Fury said it was an accidental clash of heads. Does he realize that that was caused from a punch and that he could lose by TKO if it worsens? Does he assume it was from a clash or does he know it's from a punch? &gt;&gt; I think Tyson Fury is assuming that it was from a clash of heads. Earlier on in that last round, he was yelling at Autovalink, "Cut it out. Cut it out." when he was getting in close with the head. So, I believe that he's under the impression that it could be if it stopped it would be uh go to the scorecards and that would not be the case. &gt;&gt; Well, do do me a favor. I want you to get with Ben Davidson. You find out what that corner knows or doesn't know and you let us know. Round five here. Drama in Vegas. Fury and Valene. the upsetminded, undefeated Swede who came here 20 and0 top spar sparring through the years against Anthony Joshua and Big Baby Miller and all of the solid top level heavyweights. He was scheduled to fight this summer that fell through. So, he feels like he had the extra prep. He was ready for this when he got the call. He said, "It's my time. I'm confident." And now there's a golden opportunity to hit the jackpot. Let's go back to Bernardo. Ben, what is the impression of Tyson in terms of the position of the cut and was it a headbutt or a punch? &gt;&gt; Paul Hayes dealing with the cut. It was uh it's been deemed as a headbutt. So, the referees told me we did make the referee aware of that before. &gt;&gt; Actually, it's been deemed a punch. The Nevada State Athletic Commission saw the uh replay and they deemed it to be a clean punch. &gt;&gt; How does that change the outlook? What's that? Sorry. &gt;&gt; It's a punch. It was a clean punch due to the replay. How does that change the way you guys look at the situation? &gt;&gt; Well, obviously Tyson's got to deal with it. He's uh got plenty of art as he's shown before. So, hopefully the referee gives him uh understands that and keeps him in the fight, but &gt;&gt; Tyson's dealing with it. Okay, he can box. He can see. So, don't see why it should be a problem. &gt;&gt; He seems to be pawing at it. How distracted is he and how long till he gets back on track? &gt;&gt; He's a little bit he's on track even though he's been cut still winning them rounds. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much, Ben. So you see the confusion because at first the referee did tell the corner and the referee does said it was a clash of heads. But then they had replay here in Nevada. So the Nevada State Athletic Commission led by Bob Bennett. &gt;&gt; They took a look and they said no. Absolutely. Clean left hand and it is a punch. &gt;&gt; The commission has to clearly communicate that to Tyson Fury's corner. &gt;&gt; By the way, a great job by Bernardo getting right on top of that getting to Ben Davidson. Great work. Final 20 seconds here of round five. Hen is not going away at all. &gt;&gt; And Fury getting hit with that big looping left hand coming from Auto Valene. &gt;&gt; That's cuz Fury keeps going to the right, which is right into the range of the best puncher volume, which is that overhill left and straight left. He needs to stay on the left side of Valin to stay away from that left hand. &gt;&gt; Stop. Stop. &gt;&gt; Who thought we'd be dealing with this? End of five. &gt;&gt; One more time. And this is the left hand that opened up that gash on the right brow of Tyson Fury. And as you got a closer look as we watched the cup man, Jorge Capatillo do his thing there, you also notice that there's also a cut on the lid. The brow has a gash. The swelling is on the lid, which now has expanded and has a cut. Round number six here in Vegas. Lineal Heavyweight Championship on the line. to the young fighters at home. &gt;&gt; This is why you don't play the name game if you've never heard of a fighter. If if his record is less than stellar, you don't take you don't take it light in training camp. You treat every fight like it's the the toughest fight of your life. So that way if a guy's not ready, you treat him like he's not ready. And if he is ready, you're ready. &gt;&gt; 30 to1 odds in all the Vegas sports books on auto 30-1. I think it's the train of Joey Gamage right now that has Val in this fight. It's the fundamentals. He's using his jab. He's standing underneath himself. &gt;&gt; Joey Gamash, the former world champion. Bernardo's with him. &gt;&gt; And they both are really happy about the cut because that really has brought the sense of urgency in auto instead of the opposite. And Joey Gamash said, "Look, I want him to take risks. He's got to win rounds. He's got to be in there and not leave any doubt." I love that idea of taking risks. You're in a spot like this. You're facing the champ. Take your at bat. &gt;&gt; Stop. Stop. &gt;&gt; I got you. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury is rattled right now. He doesn't like the roughousing of Autobene. But he's got to figure it out. If you want to be the best fighter in the world and you if you're saying you're the best heavyweight in the world, you have to be able to figure out a guy like Autobalene. Get through this rough moment and close the show. That's right. And you know, &gt;&gt; Dre, I don't I don't think that Fury took him lightly. He came in 8 lbs lighter. I don't think he did at all. I just think it's a great game plan &gt;&gt; by Auto Violin. &gt;&gt; Now, this is what you worry about if you're the corner of Tyson Fury. The ringside position &gt;&gt; in the round. &gt;&gt; He could advise to stop it. &gt;&gt; You can see you can go. All right, &gt;&gt; let's go. &gt;&gt; You can see. Okay, good. Okay. And you have to keep answering that way. I can see. &gt;&gt; And now look at him realizing &gt;&gt; the urgency as he comes off with the visit from the ringside position and fires away with a combination. Left uppercut on the inside, trying to smother on the inside, leaning forward, searching for an answer, pounding on the inside, looking to split that guard and smother Vali. &gt;&gt; That's exactly what you have to say, Joe. Just like you mentioned, if you have a bad cut like that, you have to let the the the referee not excuse me, you have to let the doctor know that you can see because the golden rule is if you say you cannot see, the referee I mean, excuse me, the doctor is going to stop the fight immediately to protect the fighter. Good job from Tyson Fury by acting like a fighter even though he's cut. &gt;&gt; By the way, the cut has worsened just in the last 20 seconds. It is far worse right now. And Fury's doing the right thing by staying close to Valin so he's not getting hit by those looping left hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but he got to be careful of the hair. He got to be lary of the head of Val because that head can just, you know. Oh, look at that. &gt;&gt; Did you just see that as Val was poking at the cut? He tried to thumb the cut. Wow. It out. Watch what Val does here when they break. &gt;&gt; If you're going to go fight him, when you change height, step in. Don't change and stay there for him to keep at him. Change height, step into he across the gash of Tyson Fury at the end of the round. &gt;&gt; Look at this. &gt;&gt; Don't change your height and stay there. Change your height and step in. &gt;&gt; Change your height and step in. You could make a strong argument for an automatic point deduction just on that alone. &gt;&gt; Just on that alone foul sitting right there like you can't do that away defensively. Do not switch off. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Too much fast. He said &gt;&gt; yeah too much grease. Look at the glob of grease. It wouldn't stop this to have them wipe that down. &gt;&gt; Spread the grease out. Come here. Spread it out. No, no, no. Shut up. Spread out. Get spread out. Hey, right here. Right here. No coaching. Okay, here we go. Okay, here we go. Time man. Let's go. &gt;&gt; It's a bad move from Vali to do what he did in front of Tony Weekes like that because now he's on Tony Weeks's radar and and Tony Weeks is really going to be keeping an eye on everything that Valin does moving forward. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury going for the knockout. You can tell Fury is hitting the accelerator a little bit here to start this seventh round. He understands the circumstances. &gt;&gt; He's looking for that right hand behind the jab, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Joe and Tim, this is what you have to do. If you want to be the best heavyweight in the world, you have to respond like this. You cannot bow out. You can't have a a less than stellar performance because you got a lot of weight on your shoulders. And Tyson Fury has to answer that call. Stop. Stop. Let him up. Let him up. Watch it. Watch it. Let him up. No, no, no. Stop, stop, stop, stop. &gt;&gt; I just spoke with Capito, who is the cut man for Tyson Fury. He told me, "Look, the cut is big. It's getting bigger and it's dangerous and it's a dangerous spot, but Tyson can see." Right there when he came out, Tyson Fury took the Vaseline with his glove off of the cut. That's why they brought him back to the corner to put Vaseline on it. &gt;&gt; He's done a good good job with the cut &gt;&gt; because it's not bleeding at the moment. And if you're joining us right now, just to remind you of how we arrived at this point, there was a big left hand that Otto landed in the third round. &gt;&gt; They used replay. Originally, the cut happened and the referee Tony Weeks thought it was a clash. They used replay to say no, it was a clean punch, which means if the fight is stopped, there's a new heavyweight champion. It would be 30 to1 underdog out of the lead. Let's see what Fur can do here in the last half of this seventh round as he is stalking. &gt;&gt; Fal has been so game, so determined to stay the course with his plan. &gt;&gt; Alen's going to have to stay concentrated. You know, he's fading a little bit right now. &gt;&gt; He's fatigued. &gt;&gt; He's fatigued. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you see Fury coming on strong. as ties up on the inside instead of working. Earlier in this fight, he would work. He would throw punches. &gt;&gt; Valen's punches have no steam on him right now in this round. &gt;&gt; Three-punch combination from Fury. &gt;&gt; Good body shot from Vene right there. He stuck back with that body shot, didn't he? One, two from Fury. Then he leans down on his back. &gt;&gt; Come on, turn around. Fury. Fury has to watch the head of Vene especially when he gets close. &gt;&gt; Vene's trying to put keep that head on that side of where the cut is at. Trying to open it up even more. Of &gt;&gt; course, when you have southpaw versus orthodox, there's always a tendency for a clash of heads. &gt;&gt; Look at all that weight leaning down on that top rope. &gt;&gt; Big boys making Tony Weeks work tonight. It's nearly 500 lb of heavy weight landing there. Coming to the end of seven, the drama continues here with it all on the right. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury stepped it up this last round. Autoene landed a good left. Tyson Fury answered with a right hand of its own. The energy of Tyson Fury was different. Good right hand. Autobiene is looking fatigued mentally and physically. And good work from the big man inside. 85 inch reach. Not supposed to be throwing body shots like that. Not supposed to be throwing short shots on the inside, but he's doing it. And like I said earlier, I like the fact that he's staying close. He does have to watch the heads, but he's also staying out of range of the left hand of Vene. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, the lean &gt;&gt; and his corner go to the end swell to deal with swelling underneath the left eye. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; By the way, tremendous look with our 4D cameras here tonight. &gt;&gt; Get out of here. Go. Go. &gt;&gt; Nice answer from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Saw several different looks of it, but it looks a little bit a little bit better. &gt;&gt; Yeah. With those, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Good. Good. &gt;&gt; A lot of Vaseline on the eye of Tyson Fury. Surprised that Tony Weeks didn't catch that. He caught it two rounds previously, but he didn't catch it right now. No, it just fell off. &gt;&gt; It just fell off. &gt;&gt; 6865 Andre's scorecard. That scorecard, the threat is that it doesn't even come into play if that cut worsens. &gt;&gt; He's fighting off the back foot right now. using a good jab right now. Line right now trying to figure out a way to get close to land something hard over the top. Working that eye right there out of Valene. Nice little short left hooks. &gt;&gt; Good body shot from Tyson Fury right there. Stuck it in there. Short left to the body. Hands. Hands. &gt;&gt; Burrowing his way into the chest of Vene. And now he goes to the body. Two body shots to the belt line by Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; We saw answers from Valene early in the fight in the first three or four rounds. We're not seeing Viene answer anything that Tyson Fury does at the moment. &gt;&gt; There's a one-two from the champ. &gt;&gt; And it's not a heart thing with Viene. It's a fatigue thing with Viene. Plus, you got Fury with that 6'9 frame just leaning down on you time and time again just holding that weight against you. &gt;&gt; But this is why everybody's not a champion. It's not a six round fight. It's a 12 round fight. You have to be able to shoulder up under the pressure and the fatigue and all the different things that happen for the full 12 rounds, not half of the fight. But Valain doesn't have that experience. And and that that was the point of this fight. He doesn't have that experience late in fights against good competition. Bene has been 10 rounds one time and 12 rounds one time as well. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, Tyson Fury has been floored deep into the drama fight against Deontay Wilder, arguably the biggest puncher in the sport and rose up like the Undertaker out of the WWE to go on to a controversial draw. Nice uppercut attempt right there from Tyson Fury. As he stayed low, &gt;&gt; he came up with a nice beautiful uppercut. Three-punch combination from Fury. &gt;&gt; This is Fury acting like a bigger man. He knows he has a size advantage. He's stepping inside. And right hand ranged in. Short left hook comes in. Getting some damage done here at the end of the day. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. All that wrestling and tustling and stuff. That takes a lot of energy. Another right hand from Fury. This has been a strong punishing round. Something taken out of the lean there in that eight. But see that man right there? That's Jorge Capato, the cup man for Tyson Fury. Do you realize how many tens and tens of millions of dollars are in his hands right now to secure that cut to try to keep the course for the mega event of Fury Wilder? There is Compubox's total punches. You see the numbers there? &gt;&gt; That's Tyson Fury with the connect advantage. &gt;&gt; See, here's the thing with what Tyson Fury is doing right now to Violin. It's one thing for Viene to get hit to the head, but Tyson Fury is committing with both hands to the body and he's finishing to the head. Big difference. And if Voling doesn't have an answer, he may not be around long because fatigue is set in. But now he's starting to get punished. He's not just getting beat. And &gt;&gt; Valin has also forgot to hit the body of Tyson Fury, something he did early in the fight, &gt;&gt; which we said if he could keep up would pay dividends late. But he stopped making those deposits long ago and instead it's been a steady diet of fury leaning in pressuring right hands. Joey Gamash the former world champion is the trainer of all Bernardo's with him. &gt;&gt; Joey this is a cruel sport. You said target the cut. What does Otto need to do here in this round? &gt;&gt; He can take and hit that cut. Bust it open. That jab and overhand left. That's what he's got to do. He's got to hit that cut and break it open. Hit that cut, Otto. Now, how does he get this 6'9, 250 plus fighter off of him? Because is he getting a little fatigue here? &gt;&gt; Well, he looks like he's getting a little fatigue, but he's still punching. You know, he's in there with a big guy, but a big guy that makes himself smaller. So, we have to hit over the top. You know, we work the body early on, but now we're looking to come up top. Come on with a jab and overhand left. &gt;&gt; Thank you. We'll let you get back to work, Joe. Excellent access with Joey Gamage, the 53y old former 130 and 135 pound world champion who suffered when he retired in 2000. It came on the heels of one of the most brutal knockouts you'll ever see from the late Arturo Gaddy. That cut has worsened again. It has opened up. Blood is painted down the right side of the face of Tyson Fury as he comes in with a right hand. Final minute here of round N. That's the difference between being elite test, you know, the conditioning of Tyson Fury. You can see it and you can see the want in Tyson Fury pushing him back. Bullying Auto Violin catching right hands. Oh, beautiful right hands. Oh, he goes to the body. Oh, he's searching for that big right uppercut, wasn't he? Just missed it. &gt;&gt; Autoane is telling Tyson Fury to come on and give him Tyson Fury's going to oblige. Another right hand rings in. Fine does not want to be in that position. &gt;&gt; Trying to hang on against Fury. Guess it's just a matter of time. &gt;&gt; He got recover. Closing seconds and Fury got him in trouble. That's going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around. &gt;&gt; Nice short uppercut. What does he see? &gt;&gt; He comes up the middle. &gt;&gt; Comes around the guards with the hook after free. &gt;&gt; That's IQ. That's ring IQ right there. You see the head of Auto Viene leaning forward. And here's Fury against the ropes coming around the guard once again with the right hook against Autoine. &gt;&gt; And a straight right hand. A nice shot by Tyson Fury. And you see the response coming from Auto Valene trying to answer. You know what's an amazing visual that sums up this fight? Look at the front of the chest and the forearms of referee Tony Weeks. Absolutely soaked in blood and sweat. These two big men separating them as the punt drains from that red eye. Here comes Fury. A powerful attack to open THE 10TH ROUND. LOOK AT Tyson Fury all over the smothering him, BATTERING HIM WITH A series of rights and lefts and then coming in like an offensive lineman. and down into the chest of Ali. Big right hand at range. Blood is everywhere ringside. With every punch thrown, we have blood splatter right on us. Right hand comes in against broke the spirit of of broke the spirit. Going down to the body. He's in them with heavy shots right now on the ropes. Left uppercut rained in. Bali looks to tie up again. His face is swollen. He has blood from his nose. He has been gained, but right now he's outclassed, outsized, and he's taken. &gt;&gt; Autobene is taking heavy, heavy punishment right now from the lineal champion of the world, Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Fury is dominating. Can he finish? Oh, good body shot came in. a hard thick right hand to the body and then he strays low a little bit. Right uppercut on the inside. Fury tries to get some separation. The champ looks for a right uppercut. Again, &gt;&gt; we talked about this in our first fight. Sometimes it's about a feeling. This isn't a game plan. Tyson Fury Tyson Fury feels like doing this to auto so he's doing it. And Valene just doesn't have any answers. &gt;&gt; He's exhausted, Trey. &gt;&gt; He's been exhausted the last four rounds. &gt;&gt; He's exhausted. And he's he's fighting on fumes right now. &gt;&gt; He's still fighting back in spots. He's trying. &gt;&gt; But Auto Violin should have recovered. It's one thing to have one round off, maybe two, but if you're going to fight at this level, you got to be able to recover and snap back. He hasn't recovered since that third or fourth round. It was all the body shots that Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; There have been some thunderous right hands that have backed up Valin into the ropes in this round. &gt;&gt; That's what zapped all the energy and the power for Maline. Valin is not effective right now, but I'll give him credit for being tough. And isn't it appropriate on a night with all the celebration for Mexican Independence Day on this traditional boxing weekend in Vegas that have seen so many tough Mexican warriors who have fought fights that included bad gashes, bloody messes, going to the body, having to dig dig that Tyson Fury gets a Mexicanstyled fight. &gt;&gt; Bloody, isn't it a guts? That's what he told us in the fighter meeting, Joe. This is what he wanted. So, he got what he asked for. He needs these rounds, bro. Tyson Ferry, I'm talking about that. He needs some these rounds. &gt;&gt; Pauline got through this 10 somehow. Let's show you in real speed the action early in that last round when Fury did his thing. &gt;&gt; See, Tyson Fury, this is a real thing. This is the attitude. This is the feeling. He just let his shots go. He has no respect for auto body at the moment. He definitely wants to make him pay for cutting him earlier in the fight. He feels like Valin has been dirty and he just wants to let him know what time it is. He wants to let him know that listen, all the talk about me being the best heavyweight in the world, the lineal champion, it's real. And Otto Valene is feeling the wrath of Tyson Fury right now. &gt;&gt; Working super mode here with the uppercut. &gt;&gt; 85 in reach. &gt;&gt; Short punches like that. &gt;&gt; Throwing short uppercuts like that. the skillful technician who's acting like a tough, grizzled veteran that he is. &gt;&gt; Second fight of his $100 million deal with Top Rank to fight on ESPN platforms. And of course, the widely reported rematch, the mega event with Deontay Wilder. It stands in the balance for both men. As we said, anything can happen in heavyweight boxing, and they both need to pass a test to get back to each other. Bernardo, what's the latest coming from the corner of Valin? &gt;&gt; Very honest. Joey Gamash, I asked him, "How's he feeling? And are you taking a close look at him?" He said, "I am taking a close look at him. I don't want him to take too much punishment." &gt;&gt; Oh, he took a lot of punishment in that last round. There's no doubt about it. There have been 101 power punches landed by Fury. He has outlanded him in total punches, 150 to 98. And Dre's scorecard goes 9892. Rounds six through 10 have been dominated by Fury as Vali has been hurt in the last two rounds. &gt;&gt; But Fury, Tyson Fury, let off the body of Auto Vali. He needs to go down to the body. That's exactly how he broke him down. NICE SHOT RIGHT THERE. BUT HE'S HANDH hunting right now. If he goes down to the body, the head's going to be open. It's kind of hard not to head hut when you hit everything you throw. Tyson Fury is throwing and Auto Valene is catching. There's some tape loose on the right wrist, that blood soaked right wrist of Tyson Fury. And if Tony Week sees it, we are going to have a stoppage here for him to address it. There you see it there. And there you see more of the leaning. Look at that gash. Look at the right eye of Fury at this point. Oh, he goes to the body well there as he's just walking him back, driving him down like pushing a blocking slam as he paused at the eye again. Final minute here coming up of round number 11. How will Fury close the show? &gt;&gt; This is all guts by both of these guys. Mental toughness by both of these guys. Alvene, he's been hit with some big shots, but he's still in there. He's fighting back. He's fighting as hard as he possibly can right now. And so is Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Listen, we are in a new golden age right now of boxing with the exposure and the investment of the sport with guys like Bud Crawford at welterweight and Vasili Lomachenko at lightweight. the two top pound-for-pound fighters in the world. But there's boxing and then there's heavyweight boxing. And this just feels different. &gt;&gt; It sure does. And right now, Tyson Fury &gt;&gt; feeling real good right now. Catching out of Alene leans in with a nice two-piece. &gt;&gt; Left hand to the body. Third shot with a short right hand. Another right hand up top. Final seconds of the 11th and the lean is hurt again. Tyson has the bad cut, but Valen's the one who's going to be feeling this punishment for quite some time. He's taking a beating. &gt;&gt; The 12th and final round. &gt;&gt; What an excellent job by Joey Gamage to prepare his fighter to be in a spot like this. And what an incredible job by Cutman Jorge Capato for Tyson Fury to give the undefeated lineal heavyweight champ the opportunity to continue on and put forth this kind of dominating performance. And let's not forget about the young trainer Ben Davidson who's kept his poise. He stayed calm and he kept Tyson Fury calm so Fury can start to assert himself like he's doing right now. Thumbs up. I got you. &gt;&gt; Fury has dominated the back half of this fight. while having a situation. There's a big left hand trying to hit the jackpot kind of punch from the title challenger. Heard Fury and he Fury with that shot. &gt;&gt; Here he tied up right there. &gt;&gt; Can you believe what this heavyweight fight has offered? &gt;&gt; The lean all OF A SUDDEN HAS A CHANCE HERE IN THE 12TH ROUND. He's hurt. &gt;&gt; 30 TO1 UNDERDOG WHO'S BEEN DOMINATED FOR THE LAST SIX ROUNDS. And all of a sudden, he lands one punch and he's back in business. &gt;&gt; Stop. Stop. No. No. Let him go. Let him go. &gt;&gt; This fight has had everything. Absolutely everything. &gt;&gt; Fury's backing up. A left hand comes in for &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury's got to move in the other direction. and he's moving into the left hand of auto body. That's why he keeps getting caught with it. &gt;&gt; And his face is an absolute mess. &gt;&gt; The gash is streaming blood down the right side of his face as he continues to paw at it. &gt;&gt; That's the direction Tyson Fury needs to go for the remainder of this fight. &gt;&gt; And now needs to try to get another big left hand in there before this fight. &gt;&gt; He's trying to line him up. He's trying to line him up. Tyson Fury better keep that right hand up. &gt;&gt; What an incredible spirited effort from Otto Valain. &gt;&gt; There he is. Nice little faint right there from Val. &gt;&gt; Just looking to land that shot a few more times in front of his bell rings. Val can't allow himself to be tied up by Tyson Fury. Got to break loose from that clinch and try to get that left hand in there. It's his only shot. &gt;&gt; Last half minute. Lineal heavyweight championship on the line. A 20 and0 undefeated little known Swede who's a 30 to1 underdog looking for one last chance against Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Joe, is this not the fight that Tyson Fury said he wanted in the fight? He said he wanted a war, a challenge. He got a bloodbath and an incredibly determined challenger. This is when the sport is at its best. Great, great stuff between Fury and Val. A Rockyesque performance from the Swede. A dominating second half from the champ. a red painted face on the lineal heavyweight champ and he fought through it. Let's hear what the judges say for that. Here's Jimmy Lennin Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judge at ringside Don Trellis scores the bout 116 to 112. Eric Cheeks sees it 117 to 111 and Tim Cheetum scores the bout 118 to 110. All three in favor of the winner and still the undefeated lineal heavyweight champion of the world, the Gypsy King, Tyson Fury. They got it right, but that barely tells the story. A well-earned, unanimous decision win for Tyson Fury, but more drama than you would ever expect. The final punch stats, by the way, Tyson Fury total punches 179 to 127. A clear advantage there. Power punches 127- 84. A dominating power punch connect total for Tyson Fury. There are the final numbers. You see Vene was a little more judicious, but Fury had all the power that landed in the middle and late rounds. Bernardo, &gt;&gt; we all knew about the huge cut that happened early on. Now there's a second cut on the eyelid. Tyson, how did these cuts changed the approach, especially when you found out that it wasn't a headbutt, but it was a punch that if had they had stopped the fight, you would have lost by technical knockout. &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh firstly, I just want to say thank you to my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ for giving me the power and strength and giving me the victory on this special weekend. Secondly, big shout out Bob Arum, top rank, Jimmy Petero, ESPN, and Kevin Mayer. And uh after that, I want to say big congratulations to Otto. I just want to say rest in peace to his father. I know he'd be very, very proud of the performance that Otto Wallin just did. The great sweet, the Viking warrior. It was a great fight. You know, I got caught early on um with the inside of the glove uh on the eyelid which cut the eye, changed the fight completely. For majority of the fight, I couldn't see out my left eye. And then Sao poor Orthodox clash clash heads and give me a second cup. I've not seen the cup, but it feels quite bad. But you know, I am a gypsy warrior. This is Mexican INDEPENDENCE DAY. COME ON, MEXICO. VIVA MEXICO. &gt;&gt; You told us in the fighter meetings you wanted a war. You wanted to finish this fight with a body shot. Alah Julio Cesar Chavez. You ended up with a face like Julio did against Oscar De La Hoya with the blood and everything. What did you learn about yourself in your performance tonight? &gt;&gt; Listen, it was a good performance. Got a good 12 rounds in autoen was a tough um blood, guts, heart all showed tonight. I won the WBC prestigious Mayan belt, lineal champion, fifth defensive ME TITLE. DEONTAY WILDER, I WANT YOU NEXT BOMB. You will get that next once you recover from this cut. And when we look at that, 2020 is the fight everybody sees. What did you learn tonight that will help you for that fight? &gt;&gt; Listen, all preparation is good. You know, I had a long time out the ring. That's my third fight back now. One, two, three, fourth fight back. Put me in goodstead now for the big boy, the old bronze bomber, the big Dosa aka Big Dosser. He's next. February 22nd. Let the CIL, you know, enjoy myself and uh get some time to relax with the family. It's been a long, tough, hard camp. Round 12 against Deontay Wilder was memorable. Right here against Ottoin, it was also a very tough round. How do you get through these rounds and just continue just coming forward? &gt;&gt; You know what it is? It's all heart and determination. If I've got if I can keep going, I will keep going. You know, he was a tough guy with some chin shots and some body shots. He kept Come on. He's 6'6 in tall, 20 and know. He didn't know how to lose. But tonight, I was the better man. And again, one more time, rest in peace to Wallin's father. He he'd be very proud of his son. get stitched up and we'll see you in February 2020, the rematch against Deontay Wilder. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and welcome to the NGM brand in Las Vegas, Nevada, as we present the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Bloodshot, starring Vin Diesel in theaters March 13th. Take the official beer of boxing. Bed Fred, the official sponsor of Wilder Fury 2. Geico. 15 minutes could save you 15% or more on car insurance. Get a quote on Geico.com today. And proper number 12, Irish whiskey. The finest, the tastiest, the smoothest liquid gold in the world. This bound is sanctioned by the WBC. The president Mauricio Sullean along with the Nevada State Athletic Commission Chairman Anthony Marnell III. Judges at ringside, Glenn Feldman, Dave Moretti, and Steve Westfeld. All right, fans. Here we go with a bout you've all been waiting for. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC and Lineal Heavyweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxings fans joining us around the world live from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, it's time for the main event of the evening. Introducing to you first the WBC title holder in the blue corner standing at 6' 7 in. Wearing black trunks proudly representing Tuscaloosa, Alabama, USA. He weighed in at 231 lbs. the US Olympic bronze medalist who is undefeated in his campaign in the professional ranks with a tremendous record of 42 wins, no losses, one draw with 41 big wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the acclaimed knockout artist tonight, making the 11th defense of his title. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the undefeated, hard-hitting, reigning and defending WBC heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing the bronze bomber Deonte Wilder and his battle ready distinguished opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner standing at 6'9 in wearing black trunks with gold trim hailing from Manchester, England. He weighed in at 273 lbs. He is also undefeated in his campaign with a record of 29 wins, no losses, one draw with 20 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former unified world champion and the undefeated boxing sensation, currently recognized as the reigning and defending lineal heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing the Gypsy King, Tyson Fury. And we introduce our referee in charge now to give instructions, Kenny Bis. Okay, gentlemen. &gt;&gt; Chunks are just a tad high, but on the upper half is okay. Now, gentlemen, we went over the rules in the dressing room. Again, I want to caution you to KEEP THIS FIGHT CLEAN AT ALL TIMES, PROTECT YOURSELF AT ALL TIMES, AND WHAT I SAY, YOU MUST OBEY. GOOD LUCK AND TOUCH THEM UP. All right. There is beauty in boxing's simplicity. &gt;&gt; So after a year of debating it, after months of training for it, after a promotional tsunami that has hyped it, it's now just the two of them opposite each other. The long lineal line, the WBC belt that is included Ali, the greatest of all time. They are set and ready to answer. Who's the greatest of right now? Wilder Fury 2. Here we go. Andre Ward, Lennox Lewis. Round number one. Dre, what's the big reveal early? It looks like Tyson Fury is sticking to his word. He's not moving backwards. He's moving forward. and he's forcing a man in Deontay Wilder who's not used to going backwards. He's used to push pushing his opponent backward. Interesting first few seconds in this first round. And I want to see how it plays out. &gt;&gt; And that's true. And he's doing some really good things by fainting and not coming out straight with the jab. He's fainting. He's still doing that twitchy movement, which is good. &gt;&gt; Fury does so at 273 lbs. trying to sweep across with a right hand as Wilder able to roll with it and get out of the way. Then probing with a jab to the midsection. &gt;&gt; Wilder comes in with a right hand. &gt;&gt; Tries to back him to the ropes. &gt;&gt; 6'9 Fury able to get that big left arm up in the way of him. you know, Wilder showing his right hand reveal straight away. And sometimes you, you know, you can't just go out there and just throw the right hand. There punches you have to throw before that. Guys expecting the right hands. Plus, it's the first round. Remember how herkyjerky and awkward and all the upper body head movement and fainting we saw out of Fury? It does not show up here. Fury on the attack going to the head of Deontay Wilder. And now coming in again exactly like he said he would. &gt;&gt; Even though Fury is pressing forward and he's having success right now. Deontay Wilder still looking for the big hammer, the right hand to land on the chin of Tyson Fury. Most dangerous puncher in the game. Deontay Wilder. Fury trying to inch ahead showing a little bit of a faint. That was basically the first nine rounds of their first fight. the constant awkward movement and things. &gt;&gt; And Deontay is taking his time. He's looking very poised, calm, collective, thinking, warming up into this first round, which he should be. &gt;&gt; They have talked about wanting to utilize the jab more, the camp of Wilder. hand from Wild to the body. Here comes Fury stepping into it. Good jab by Tyson Fury. Best connect of round number one comes in the last 10 seconds as he tries to chop down with a right hand. And Wilder backs up. &gt;&gt; And the good things Tyson Fury is doing right now, he stepped into the jab. Every time he used that jab, he's stepping into it. &gt;&gt; Even though Wilder is being pressed right now. He's staying under his legs. That didn't land flush, but it definitely definitely got Tyson Fury's attention. Here we see the jab. It didn't land, but it sort of blinded Fury just a little bit. And that right hand grazed the right hand of Fury. Obviously, Wilder wants to get that closer to the chin for more impact. And then here's the jab at the end of round one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is the jab where he steps into it and that is good. A good jab. He's he's making it long and strong. &gt;&gt; In round number one, Wilder threw 18 punches, landed five. Fury threw 26 and landed eight. Remember, Fury's first time with Sugar Hill Stewart as his trainer. That was a good first round from Tyson Fury, pressing forwards, but doing it intelligently and smartly. And it was also a good round from Deontay Wilder to not allow himself to be unnerved and taken out of his game. He's staying calm under his legs. And he's still got that right hand cocked. &gt;&gt; He's he's got it cocked and he's the movement is looking like he wants to take that step back before he throws that right hand. He wants to throw that right hand over Tyson Fury's jab. Let's see if that opportunity presents itself. There's another good jab from Fury. &gt;&gt; Wilder probing with that left hand. You never know when the right's going to come behind him. Fury able to close range with that left. There's a right hand by Wilder that comes in from long range and then a jab to the midsection. A bigger midsection than we saw back in September. A Fury at 273 lbs. Remember when they first fought he was 256 12 able to get out of the way of that right hand and now Kenny Bavis will break them. &gt;&gt; Listen, if Deontay doesn't jab, Tyson Fury would jab. And you know, De Fonte shouldn't allow that that he shouldn't allow him to jab before he and him not jabbing. So, he should jab with the jabber. These moments are moments of inches. One mistake and the fight can be over for either guy. &gt;&gt; That's the beauty of a Deontay Wilder fight. Any given second, no matter where things stand, the fight can be over. Let him up. Let him up. Let him up. Hurry. Stop. Stop punching. Stop punching. Let him up. &gt;&gt; Remember, stop punching. &gt;&gt; Fury in the entire leadup to this fight, during the entire promotion said, "I'm going to knock him out in the second round. 45 seconds remain in the second round." Another jab off the hip from the 69 Irish Traveler, Gypsy King. behind. &gt;&gt; Listen, when you tell a guy you're going to knock him out in the second round, like Holyfield told me in the third, I was prepared for it. And I'd said to myself, he's not going to knock me out. And I'm sure Deontay is saying the same thing. &gt;&gt; There's your rematch with Holyfield. &gt;&gt; Much like the parables here, this will be a third heavyweight championship rematch in history after a draw. Stalking for a right hand was Wilder there and trying to come in but HE GOES OVER THE TOP AND FURY ABLE TO GET TO THEM AND THEY TAKE IT THROUGH the belt into the neutral corner. Right through the belt they go and watch your heads. &gt;&gt; So the warnings from Kenny Bis both to listen at the end of the round and to watch the heads. Copy box stats are brought to you by Bet Fred. You see both men in the first two rounds with 10 jabs landed. In that second round, Wilder was 11 of 27. Fury was eight of 27 on total punches. &gt;&gt; In that second round, Deontay was throwing that right hand, but he was throwing it from a distance. &gt;&gt; Fury comes IN BEHIND THE JAB. THE RIGHT HAND came behind the jab and then tried a short uppercut on the inside. &gt;&gt; He was also telegraphing with the right hand. He's got to get closer to Tyson Fury before throwing that right hand. &gt;&gt; Big shot for Fury right there. Top of the temple of Deontay Wild. &gt;&gt; Awkward but effective in the first minute here of round number three. &gt;&gt; But the right hand of Deontay Wilder has a mind of its own. You never know what angle it's coming from and you never know when it's coming. So Tyson Fury has to be alert at all times. &gt;&gt; All time great power. The highest knockout percentage of any heavyweight champion in history is Wilder. &gt;&gt; 95% up. &gt;&gt; But the big shots that Fury has landed, Deontay Wilder has taken them well. was able to block that right hand and tried to land a right of his own on the inside. &gt;&gt; Boy, Kenny Babis really has his work in front of him with these two guys. &gt;&gt; And Tyson Fury is doing the right thing, too. All that weight, he might as well put it on Deontay. Make Deontay carry a bit of that weight. That's the whole point of the weight gain. &gt;&gt; And get him tired a little bit. &gt;&gt; He is having an effective jab and now comes in with a sweeping right hand. This is exactly what Fury wanted to utilize the size and the strength to make it a different kind of fight. &gt;&gt; There's that jab again. Short right hand behind it. Let's see if they can work out of the clincher. If Palis has to get involved here, stop. Come on. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Just leaning on Wilder. HE PUTS IT DOWN. FURY SCORES THE KNOCKDOWN in round number three. 30 SECONDS REMAIN and Fury has scored Wilder. &gt;&gt; Deonte looks a little Jake on his legs right now. That was a good right hand by Tyson. &gt;&gt; He said he WOULD KNOCK HIM OUT. HE'S GOING FOR IT HERE IN THE THIRD ROUND. Wilder is down again. THAT IS NOT THE stand up. He's still shaking. Kenny Baylor says no knockdown. WOW, WHAT AN EXPLOSIVE ROUND FOR THE GYPSY KING. &gt;&gt; And there you see TYSON FURY THROWING A LEFT HOOK BEFORE right hand. And the right hand goes right on the top of the head. Deontay saying, "What happened?" THAT'S THE SHOT THAT TYSON FURY'S been trying to land this whole fight is a right hand over the top. He's landed it, but he didn't land it quite like that. THAT'S THE SHOT he wanted. That's the result he wanted when he WHEN HE PUNCHED HIM WITH THAT RIGHT HAND. DEONTAY'S RIGHT FOOT SLIPPED OUT FROM BEHIND him and caused him to go on the ground. &gt;&gt; Right hand landed his brother Shane, his wife Paris. Fury just landed 14 punches in that third round. The most landed against Wilder in their two fights right now. Round number four. Does he get back after him? &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury's doing the right thing right now. He's not allowing Deontay Wilder to tie up without some resistance. If you tie me up, I'm going to hit you every chance I get. He's doing the right thing right now. &gt;&gt; Kenny Bis admonishing both men saying, "I will deduct points. So Wilder hurt in round number three, a round in which Tyson Fury was able to land nine power punches, including the right hand that scored the knockdown. This is exactly the fight he said he would fight. Coming in big, coming in strong, pressing forward, and looking to knock him down off balance. That is a slick. That was a slip. &gt;&gt; Even that slip right there, no punch landed, but I guarantee you it takes a lot for a big man like that to get off the canvas. It shows you where he is. There's a body shot that came in that time. That was a left hand to the right flank of Wilder. How does Wilder look to you right now? Is he steady enough FOR YOU? ANOTHER BODY SHOT BY TYSON FURY. This is a mauling effort from Fury so far. &gt;&gt; His legs look weak. He looks unsteady, but he's still dangerous. He can't forget that point. Yeah. Part of the reason is Dante's legs are far apart. They needed to be closer together to keep his balance. So, he's having a balance problem right now. &gt;&gt; He's having an equilibrium problem right now. &gt;&gt; There is no doubt about that. &gt;&gt; And he's got a bigger man who every time they get to the inside is leaning on him. 273 lbs, 6'9, and executing the exact game plan he wanted to. Tyson Fury has to be careful when he's coming in cuz Deontay's got that right hand cocked. &gt;&gt; But you rarely see Deontay Ryder throw a counter with the right hand cocked. He's normally stepping forward with the big step and the jab right in front of the right hand &gt;&gt; from long range. It's like a guy holding a rifle. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But when you're smothering him, when you're running to the rifle, it's useless. And again, just leaning down with all that weight. It's taxing. It's draining. &gt;&gt; Everything Fury said he was going to do, he's doing thus far. &gt;&gt; Stop. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There you go. &gt;&gt; Both guys have to watch their composure. You know, Deontay has to watch his composure. Make sure he doesn't get all radical and all out of bent out of shape. He's got to keep his boxing position, his legs under him, and his hands up. &gt;&gt; Workout. Workout. Workout. Even all this hugging and grappling on the inside. It takes its toll. Advantage bigger man always. Good counter from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Oh, four rounds in the books and Tyson Fury in command. &gt;&gt; Dre, you made the point that even the slip, even the trip can take its toll on Wilder. &gt;&gt; Deontay Deontay Wilder got off balance. He tried to duck the overhand left and he fell to the ground. That's partly because he was off balance and partly because he got tripped and his legs aren't on the way there. But check this out. Getting that 231 lb frame off the ground that drains you if you do that enough times. &gt;&gt; 100% what you're saying. Exactly. &gt;&gt; The point, &gt;&gt; that's why people go timber. The point to be made there is at 231 lbs, it's a career HIGH THAT W'S DEALING WITH. AND LOOK AT THIS AS HE OPENS UP THE ROUND ON THE ATTACK. FURY'S ALL OVER HIM. You heard Sugar Hill Stewart from the fame gym tell Tyson Fury can make this easy. He's ducking. So just faint and then send it. Shopping shot to the head on the inside. Wilder is holding on with that left hand. Bis is going to look for another break. And you know Fury's going to come right at him like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean Fury's doing the right thing. Make it a Make it a rough fight. Put that weight on him. Fling him around a couple. Make it a rough fight. Don't make it an easy fight for Deontay. The Furious getting in there with that one, two so quick for a man that's 271 lbs. It's a quick step. Boom. Deontay Wilder doesn't have time to compute that shot. &gt;&gt; That has always been the thing with Tyson Fury, his physical stature. It belies his skill and his knockdown is scored. A BODY SHOT TO WILDER. SECOND TIME HE'S BEEN DOWN. NO. HEY. OKAY. &gt;&gt; Deontay does not look stable on his feet RIGHT NOW. RIGHT HAND HURTS HIM. And grappling again. Halfway through round five. Fury has scored two knockdowns already. Oh, HE'S CHASING HIM DOWN. HE'S HEADUNTING. WE COULD HAVE HISTORY MADE RIGHT here already on the attack looking to close the show. Wilder doesn't look good at all. Still just over A MINUTE TO GO IN ROUND FIVE. &gt;&gt; Watch your head. He's just missing that right hand, Joe. &gt;&gt; Look at the mouth of Wilder. Wide open and blood coming from it. Tried to get the right arm from the inside. Another right hand over the top. And this is looking too easy for Tyson Fury right now. &gt;&gt; Good body shot. Look at him wrap up that left arm around the neck and then laying on him again. The power punches this round. Dominating forth. A big right hand reigns in again. &gt;&gt; Kenny Bis is calling for time here. Oh, one point. &gt;&gt; He's taking a point deduction when Tyson Fury is trying to close the show. &gt;&gt; So, Deontay Wild benefits of getting a break with a point deduction. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. I mean, when the ref steps in like that, he's giving Deontay a little bit more time to recover. And you know, Tyson Fury doesn't want this right now. &gt;&gt; Deant. &gt;&gt; Deontay does not look stable on his feet. He looks a bit tired. He hasn't caught that second wind yet. Look at this rally to close out the round. &gt;&gt; All fury every which way just dominating the WBC champ. &gt;&gt; And Yer Fury comes in again and he's looking for the spot. Hits him to the body. Deonte was off balance there and still went down. Round number six. Watch for the equilibrium in the balance of Wilder with what we just saw. RIGHT HAND RINGS IN. WILDER'S HURT AGAIN. LOOKING TO WRAP UP. Here he goes TO THE BODY TRYING TO swarm him. I don't know what Deontay Wilder's feeling right now, but he's got to try to get a right hand in there. The same punch that made you famous. The same punch that got you here tonight. You got to try to get one of those shots in to slow down the train in Tyson Field. &gt;&gt; Leaning straight back is a bad idea. He almost got clipped again. And once again, just ragdolling Deontay Wilder. Bringing him around into that red corner. &gt;&gt; There's a body shot. Right hand to the body from Fury. Deontay Wilder has to be careful when he's up against the ropes. And when he's up against the ropes, not putting his head down because a good corner man always tells his man, "Well, throw a combination, but end with uppercuts." &gt;&gt; Fury, he's had success with the body and then coming over the top with the right hand. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Sometimes rematches are exaggerated forms of the first fight. In the 12th round, when Tyson Fury got up after the brutal knockdown, he flipped the switch. He said he figured something out. Step to him. Be big. Be strong. Take the fight. Go for the knockout. And that is what he has employed here tonight. And it has worked to near flawless perfection. &gt;&gt; Wilder, look at his face there. battered and beaten and bloody. Blood coming from the mouth, blood coming from the ear, and a 273 lb wrecking ball continuing to press forward. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury is smothering himself after he throws the combinations. All he needs to do is take a little bit step back and then throw a combination. Short punches. And now blood is spraying across our position here ringing side. And every time they clinch with Deonte's left side going up against Fury, you can see the blood splatter all over Fury's head. He is wearing a lot of Wilder's blood right now. Blood continues to rain down from the ear. Fury continues to press in against Wilder. And Fury looks like if he lands a good punch, Deontay will go down. He's dead. &gt;&gt; What was he just doing with his tongue right there? &gt;&gt; He said in the leadup, "I want to taste blood." I believe that's what he was just doing there at the end of six. Tasting Wilder's blood. That was outrageous. &gt;&gt; He said, "I want to taste blood." &gt;&gt; Fury did it. As blood continues to come from that left ear, J's who has been with Wilder every step of the way is so concerned for his fighter. &gt;&gt; Back him up, right hand, he says. Back him up, right hand. At this point, it looks like Five is the only choice he can make. &gt;&gt; And just look at his mouth and the amount of blood coming from there too, Dre. He could have a more severe injury to the jaw. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Deontay Wilder's in a bad way right now. The left side of his jaw swelling. It looks like his eardrum may be busted. He has blood coming out of his mouth and his corner is not treating any of the injuries. They're just telling him to press forward. And when you have a reputation like Deontay Wilder and your team believes it and they don't challenge you to get better in certain areas, it shows up like tonight they're even in denial. They need to check on his well-being. Are are you okay? Can you continue? And then start to coach you from there. True true. And the the the funny thing about it is he's got his left hand down, inviting the right hand by Tyson Fury, which has been quite accurate in this fight. Big mistake by Deontay right now. Keep that hand up. Keep that left hand up. None of his corner mates are telling him to keep his hands up, which is important. &gt;&gt; And another head snapping jab from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; We always talk about how Deontay Wilder has the ultimate eraser. But you have to be able to execute on it. You have to have a delivery system. And right now, his appears to be shortcircuiting. And there appears to be a hopelessness as this continues down the path of Fury domination. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury did a great fa faint before throwing that combination. And this is what he's going to be doing throughout this fight. Fainting and then throwing that big right. Wilder &gt;&gt; just coasting back into that neutral corner. And now Fury's looking to split the guard as Wilder's in bad shape. This the fight is over. This TKO victory. THERE IS ONLY ONE. THERE IS ONLY ONE. CROWN THE KING. THE LONE UNDEFEATED heavyweight champion of the world. Tyson Fury, the champion. Let me tell you, the ref stepped in because he wasn't seeing any punches thrown back by Deonte at that point. The ref stepped in right as the towel was coming in. And I'm talking about the towel from Deontay Wilder. &gt;&gt; That's correct. Deontay Wilder's corner was throwing in the towel. The ref stepped in. He is battered. He is bloody. And that's the baddest man of all. The Gypsy King is king of boxing. Unbelievable performance. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's just hurt right now. That's pride. But once he goes back and watches this, he'll understand why they stopped it. He'll be thankful for it. &gt;&gt; There's no arguing here. That is just the spirit in fighting Deontay Wilder because that's the kind of champion that he is. He was turning to his corner and saying, "Why did you do that?" The bottom line is that the sport has a mega star. A star is born Vegas style. &gt;&gt; Deontay Wilder was taking a lot of punishment. It was just a matter of time before Tyson Fury landed that shot right there. Stood Deontay Wilder up. He's taking a lot of punishment. That was a good stoppage by the corner. They did the right thing. that showed mercy. Deontay Wilder was getting ready to be knocked out. &gt;&gt; And here you see it. You don't just go back in the corner and hold up your hands and stay there because you're an open target. And Tyson Fury seen that and he just came rushed ahead with his killer instinct just with a broad barrage of punches ended it. But to Wilder's credit, he didn't quit and he wasn't looking for a way out. &gt;&gt; Here it goes. Straight punch down the middle. barrage of punches and that was it. &gt;&gt; Wonderful sign of respect. Two men who had shared so much the thriller in December of 2018 and now the utter beatdown here in this mega showdown. Tyson Fury delivered on everything he said he would. Let's make it official with Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 1 minute 39 seconds in round number seven. A referee in charge, Kenny Bis recognizes the request to the corner and stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. He is still the undefeated lineal heavyweight champion and the new WBC heavyweight champion of the world, the gypsy king, Tyson Fury, &gt;&gt; up on the ropes. to celebrate in front of his fans. The jingoistic fervor that has taken over the MGM Grand of the Brits and the ethnically proud Irish travelers. The gypsy king is king of boxing. And there is the famed and historyrich Ring magazine belt. The green belt, the ring belt, and the lineal claim undefeated. Let's go back to the end of the fight and show you how he did it some more. &gt;&gt; Here's the end of the fight right here. That's a crushing shot right there. Flick jab. Another crushing shot right there. Deontay Wilder better be happy that his corner has a heart. You get hit with too many of those when you've already been beat up and you're already hurt. You're not guaranteed to come out the same. Flick. Flick. Boom. Right on the side of the temple. Deontay Wilder took it. &gt;&gt; Watch for the towel on the top left. There's the towel from Wilders's camp. And there is Kenny Bailey stopping the fight with a TKO victory for Fury. &gt;&gt; And it was right on time. &gt;&gt; And this was the moment that JD's thought he would never see. The longtime trainer &gt;&gt; and you're right, Dre's got a lot of heart. I mean, uh, Deontay's got a lot of heart and he didn't want that fight to be stopped. He wanted to go out on his shield, but sometimes you got to save, the trainer has to save yourself from yourself. Fury missed that big right hand the last couple rounds. He couldn't land it. Wilder was just getting out of the way. But Fury switched it up. He flick flick fed then came in. That's what I was talking about all night about having different aspects of your game, different things you can do. You come the same way against an experienced guy. He's going to get out of the way. You got to have something else to fall back on. That was a nice move right there to get the crunching shot that caused the corner to throw the time. the Fury family, his brother Shane, his wife Paris, his brother Huie. &gt;&gt; Overjoyed back into that neutral corner and now to split the guard shot, short leg hook. &gt;&gt; Wilder was out on his feet. &gt;&gt; Wilder is going to clearly be headed to a local hospital so they can take a look at him. He was brave. He was game, but he is utterly damaged. Tyson, describe what it feels &gt;&gt; to do what you just did. You said it, you called it, and you made it happen. &gt;&gt; You know, first and foremost, I want to say thank you to my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; I said those who bring evil against me will not prosper. I said those who stand in the dark can never come into the light. All praise be to the one and only TRUE GOD, JESUS CHRIST. &gt;&gt; JESUS CHRIST. SECONDLY, I just want to say big shout out Deontay Wilder. You know, he came here tonight. He manned up. He really did show heart of a champion. I hit him with a clean right hand and dropped him and he got back up and battled on into round seven. He is a warrior. He will be back. He will be a champion again. But I will say the king has returned to the top of the throne. Big shout out. Big shout out. Top rank. Big shout out Frank Warren, Barbarum, MTK Global, Barba BT, Barbaduk UK, WOW Hydrate. Second of all, I said I'd sing a song tonight, didn't I? &gt;&gt; A long, long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile. Sing along if you know the words. And I knew if I had my chance, I could make those people dance. And maybe they'd be happy for a while. But February made me shiver. With every paper I delivered, bad news on the doorstep. I couldn't take one more step. I can't remember if I cried when I read about his widow bride. Something touched me deep inside the day. The music all together now. Oh, by this American pie and the LADY WITH DRY THEM GOOD OLD boys were drinking whiskey and rock singing this will be the day that I die. This will be the day that I die. NOW DID YOU believe in rock and roll? and music save your model my soul and can you teach me how to dance real slow I know that I'm in love with you cuz I saw you dancing in the j we both kicked off your shoes man I driven the blue oh with a pink shirt and a pink truck See, I knew I was out of luck the day the music died. Thank you, Las Vegas. &gt;&gt; Have you ever seen anything like Tyson Fury? &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to the T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas, Nevada for the featured bout of the evening presented by Bob Barham's Top Rank Incorporated. Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions, Bob Squad Promotions, and TGB Promotions. This is a premier boxing champions presentation. This bout is sanctioned, is supervised, and sponsored by the FanDuel Sportsbook. Make every moment more with America's number one sports book. Universal Pictures Halloween Kills in theaters October 15th and UFC 267 live on pay-per-view on October 30th. This bow to the ring is sanctioned by the WBC, the President Mauricio Sullean along with the Nevada State Athletic Commission, the chairman Steven J. Glubeck. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside, Tim Chetum, Dave Moretti, and Steve Weissfeld. All right, fans. Here we go with the bout you've all been waiting for. The heavyweight world title trilogy, Fury versus Wilder 3, 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC and Lineal Heavyweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen, in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. It's time for the main event of the evening. &gt;&gt; Introducing to you first the challenger on my right fighting out of the blue corner standing 6' 7 in wearing red trunks with black trim and hailing from Tuscaloosa, Alabama. He weighed in at 238 lbs. the 2008 US Olympic bronze medalist with a sensational professional record of 42 wins, one loss, and one draw with 41 big wins coming by way of knockout tonight. Seeking to avenge his only loss and regain the title in his 13th consecutive world title appearance. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the hardhitting former WBC heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing the bronze bomber, Deonte Wilder. And he's opposed across the ring with an offending world champion fighting out of the red corner, standing at 6' 9 in, wearing black trunks with gold trim. Originally from Manchester, England, now residing in Henderson, Nevada. He weighed in at 277 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with 130 wins, no losses, one draw with 21 wins coming by way of knockout. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the popular and colorful former unified world champion, the current reigning and defending undefeated WBC lineal heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing the Gypsy King, Tyson. Fury, &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass. &gt;&gt; And now to give instructions, our former man of the ring, the referee in charge, Russell Mora. Center ring, gentlemen. Center ring. &gt;&gt; Okay, trunks here are good. &gt;&gt; These trunks are high. I'm going to let you work on this belt line. Gentlemen, we went over the rules in the dressing room. I want to remind you, protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands. God bless you both. Touch up. They've been kept away from each other in a staredown all week. And there you see why. Mercifully, the talking will stop. And fellas, we're going to learn a lot in this first round. Deontay Wilder in the first fight, it was competitive. He threw 35 punches in that first round. In the second fight, Wilder only threw 19. Heavyweight championship of the world. Third time around. Both men at their heaviest weight ever. Brian Kenny, Lennox, Lewis, Andre Ward, Tyson Fury, Deontay Wilder. round number one in the third fight. And Wilder comes out, lands a jab to the body and another jab immediately. Wilder already looks more active and you have to like the look of that, Andre. Yeah, he's trying to set the tone early and I like that he's going to the body where it's easier to hit and you got a greater chance to land it than you do to the head. So, good move right now from Deontay Wilder. &gt;&gt; Nice right hand to the body off the jab. A very different Deontay Wilder. talking 25 seconds left into the first into this first round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he wants to get it he wants to punch down to his body then bring it up to the head. Get him looking down and worried about the bottom of his body and then come over the right top right with his right hand. &gt;&gt; Wilder throwing that stick out. We have not seen a strong jab in a long time. We have not seen an outstanding work rate from Wilder in a long time. He looks outstanding in the first minute of this fight. He's got Fury on his back foot a little bit guessing because he's not just trying to come forward. I'm talking about Wilder. He's being very successful with with his approach coming forward. If I if I was uh Tyson Fury right now, I'd be jabbing him back to the belly, too. &gt;&gt; Fury is trying to assess what's happening right now. He's looking at Wilder. Wilder again is turned a little more, you know, with his left side forward. So, he's just showing that left shoulder and then snapping out a strong long jab. Wilder's going to be coming up top just here shortly with that right hand. &gt;&gt; In these small bits of success that Wilder has had in these first two fights, it has come when he's been active. Now comes Tyson Fury and he throws a right hand and then grabs immediately. Surprising. &gt;&gt; In the second fight, he would wall and put his body weight on Wilder. But the demeanor, the fighting spirit already looks different from Wilder. &gt;&gt; Well, Wilder has a game plan this time. He's not just relying on that right hand. And that's what we wanted to see unfold to see what changes were made and what what his game plan was going to be. And it looks like he's trying to set the right hand up. &gt;&gt; Fury is very good at dodging that right hand, but Wilder throwing it is an outstanding sign for him. &gt;&gt; Wilder should throw that jab to the belly, then to the head and mix it up, not just to the belly. &gt;&gt; Well, he's coming up top. He's just taking his time right now. &gt;&gt; Already Deontay Wilder throwing 12 jabs in this round. That is an outstanding sign. And again, Fury did not damage, but he's taken some body shots. And already, these are scoring shots from Deontay Rob. &gt;&gt; Those aren't just scoring, but they're doing damage that show up as the fight progresses. Fury knows he's in a very different battle. You can see in the look in his eyes as he lands a hook stepping forward. &gt;&gt; Neo again, he can only control certain things, but you can control the work rate. And Wilder looks different in the third fight. One, two from Fury. He starts to get into a rhythm. &gt;&gt; We've been saying all night, we will learn A LOT. ONE, TWO BY FURY. NEO, &gt;&gt; Fury came. &gt;&gt; FURY CAME IN GOOD WITH THAT RIGHT HAND THERE. &gt;&gt; And here's a good right hand by Tyson Fury right on the chin of Deontay. Deontay handled that right hand really good. That's a wakeup shot. &gt;&gt; Big turn of events from Deontay Wilder. And then Fury at the end of the round showed, "Oh no, no, I'm the king." And landed a beautiful right hand. Round two scheduled for the championship 12. Wilder jabbing immediately. Fury not showing the same head movement that he did in the first fight where he was constantly moving his head and fainting and double fainting. Yeah, he's not he's not moving his upper body or his legs like he was in the first two fights. Another touch with the right hand and he don't bounce. I don't know if he was hurt or just lost his way. &gt;&gt; But I think Fury, like you said, Brian was just processing because Deontay came out so sharp and he he applied a game plan that he had with the guy before. Hard shot on the belt. &gt;&gt; Well, there's telegraph in his right hand when he shouldn't be. He's got to set it up with a jab or something else or a jab to the belly. &gt;&gt; But you have to like the work rate though, right? Showing something here. &gt;&gt; Well, I like the work rate. He realizes the last fight he didn't go to the stomach and the belly, but this fight he's definitely going to the belly. And I know that's Malik Scott telling him to do that. &gt;&gt; But Wilder was brought along very slowly after winning the Olympic bronze medal. first started boxing at the age of 19 and but again by the time he fought for the title and remains to burn he showed a good hard jab and that made all the difference in the world. He's gotten away from that fell in love with his power and has been really losing rounds over his last five fights but he's able to bail himself out with his tremendous power. &gt;&gt; Fury reeling back does not want to get anywhere near that right hand. &gt;&gt; Fury is showing respect. You see that? He's like, "No, no, no. Getting out of here." &gt;&gt; See, that's what Deontay has to worry about because Tyson Fury knows what he's trying to do right now and block that. And it's really block that jab to the belly and come back with a left right. &gt;&gt; You're holding. You're holding. &gt;&gt; GOOD BODY SHOT. &gt;&gt; RUSSELL MORA. Good job. &gt;&gt; I got you. Come on. &gt;&gt; Mora getting in there and said, "Look, you can let those guys punch out of that. Let them box." Good job by Russell Mora. Both fighters in that exchange are giving just as much as they're giving. &gt;&gt; Nice right hand. Wilder able to touch him. Back comes Fury. And that's the second time Andre we've seen that. Fury lands a right hand and clutches. &gt;&gt; I don't think he's comfortable right now to let both hands go. He wants to kind of land a one two and make sure he's secure and safe and then resets. &gt;&gt; I agree completely with what you said. I just I'm looking and thinking every time Fury throws a shot, you wonder if it's going to be the end of the night, you know? I mean, from both sides. These are these are two big men. &gt;&gt; Fury coming in 277 LBS. &gt;&gt; AND HE WAS 256 in the first fight where he was fighting more like a a welterweight or a middleweight. But this time he's fighting like a huge fan that he is. But Wilder has a lot more strength, a lot more of a fighting spirit in this bout. &gt;&gt; Every time that Fury comes in, he al is trying to throw that short uppercut inside that was really successful with him in the last fight. And here you see Tyson Fury lining up for that right hand and he means business with that right hand. See it coming across straight at Deonte's face. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And F Fury rarely likes to land the left. It's more of a decoy. He kind of slaps the left hand out just to kind of get Deontay's attention, but he really wants to land the big right hand. &gt;&gt; Round three and we are already seeing the excitement that we saw in the first fight. Again, that first round of the first fight, remember how exciting it was, thinking, "Oh, this is not a dud of a heavyweight fight. Big men throwing, big men boxing, and we've seen that immediately." &gt;&gt; They got too much history, too much animus for it to be a bad fight. It's not. It's impossible with these two. &gt;&gt; Well, I wonder though, Andre, second fight after the beat down, did Wilder have enough to come back? He is showing that he does. &gt;&gt; Right now, he's showing that he does. Absolutely. Round three and Deontay Wilder taking the initiative, but Fury has certainly had some very good powerful answers on the other way. He's outlanding Deontay Wilder 19 to 12. Now you see Fury getting into his signature fainting and moving and that's what he likes to do. He likes to faint, freeze the opponent, and then come with the one two &gt;&gt; just like that. &gt;&gt; Fury is very dangerous coming in with that right hand. No question. He looks powerful. &gt;&gt; Everything they throw, it could be good night. stepping in with the jab and now holding on to Wilder. And again, I'll repeat something, Lenox, that you said, I believe it was in the early rounds of that second fight. If Deontay isn't jabbing, Tyson will jab, but Deontay is jabbing and taking the initiative. &gt;&gt; He's jabbing. He's also throwing a a left hook. And this is what I want to see. A more variation of his punches. &gt;&gt; Good jab to the body from Wilder. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he can't go away from that. That was great work in the first round. He kind of got away from it in the second round. He's got to stay downstairs as this fight keeps progressing. You know, it's going to be interesting how to score these rounds already. We're processing everything we're seeing. Larry Hazard is with us, but even in that first round, &gt;&gt; looked at me. Don't put him in a headlock. &gt;&gt; All right, Russell Morrison, don't put him in a headlock and emphasize that and insisted that Fury pay attention to him. Good job by the ref. &gt;&gt; Good stiff jab by Fury. &gt;&gt; I don't know about not putting him in a headlock. If he ducks his head, I'm going to make sure he can't hit me while he's down there. So, I'm not sure what Mo's talking about with that one. &gt;&gt; Wild shots, BIG RIGHT HAND. There's a signature right by Wilder. Grazing shot, but it's dangerous. &gt;&gt; Also, every right hand Fury throws looks dangerous. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that just grazed him. But wow, that that's Wilder doing a good stiff jab by Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Wilder loads up on the right hand. Took a shot right there. Just missed Fury. And look, you got to throw. That's your chance. Wilder tries. Fury still good with his head getting out of the way. &gt;&gt; Wilder has to be careful that he doesn't exert himself throwing these right hands and missing. He's got to be more accurate with it. And where he wasn't missing was to the body. &gt;&gt; I mentioned that first round is going to be interesting in how it scored in that. Fury landed a beautiful right hand at the end of the round, but Wilder was really getting the better of it there. ANOTHER RIGHT HAND. THERE GOES WILDER. FURY PUT HIM DOWN WITH THE RIGHT HAND. 8 Are you okay? Put your &gt;&gt; hands fellas. &gt;&gt; Come here. &gt;&gt; He's to Russell Mora. &gt;&gt; You want to fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He says he wants to continue that right hand. So dangerous from Fury. &gt;&gt; This time right with another right hand. He nailed W. 10 seconds TO GO. CAN HE SURVIVE? &gt;&gt; THE CHAMP ANSWERING. UPPERCUT BY FURY. ANOTHER SHOT. WILDER OUT OF CONTROL. EATS A HOOK AND ANOTHER AND THAT'S THE ROUND. WILDER HAS A minute to recover. Another turn of events where Wilder's the boxer and it's Fury who's the power puncher. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Fury came in with a NICE RIGHT HAND. CAUGHT him good. Wilder's doing a mistake BY PUTTING HIS HEAD DOWN. HE'S so big. He should not put his head down. Especially Tyson Tyson Fury throws a good uppercut as well. So, Tyson Fury got a jump back on Deontay Wilder. He's better than he was before the round ended or when the round ended, but he's not all the way back. &gt;&gt; Huge knockdown by Tyson Fury again. You have one minute to recover. Can Deontay Wilder recover? Does not look very solid as of right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he doesn't look he doesn't look steady on his feet. He's walking around. He needs to keep his feet, you know, shoulder width apart and on his toes. He needs to be ON HIS TOES. &gt;&gt; And it's a fine line because Wilder still dangerous. Wilder is dangerous, but he's hurt. He's in the corner. And now the Gypsy King is mauling him once again, just as he did in the second fight. &gt;&gt; This This is where the Gypsy King should take a step back because he's got DEONTAY IN THE CORNER. &gt;&gt; DEONTAY CAN'T GO ANYWHERE. This is where he should throw his combinations. &gt;&gt; That's the third time Tyson Fury has put Wilder on the deck twice in the second fight. Third round with a big right hand. The fifth round with a hook to the body. That was a right hand that put Wilder down this time around. &gt;&gt; LET HIM GO. STEP. STOP. CAN'T SAY IT'S NOT EXCITING, GUYS. &gt;&gt; Wilder pawing now with the jab. &gt;&gt; Fascinating change in this fight where again Fury is backing up a lot of the time answering with a jab and a right hand and he thunders at times right hand. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, that's a mistake when you throw power punches early. You get tired quicker. Well, it's not just that, Lennon. You got to understand that that Wilder has a lot more mass on him, too. Good body shot right there from Tyson Fury. So, he's got to fatigue quicker than he even normally would without the mass. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this this is where weightlifting doesn't work for boxing. You got to do the right weight lifting. &gt;&gt; Fury doesn't look steady, guys. He backs up now. Fury gets him up against the ropes. Although, you have to say Wilder shows real guts again. He never quit in the second fight. He didn't want it to be stopped. He protested immediately and he got up and he survived that third round. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you what, the ref's got his work cut out for him in this fight. &gt;&gt; For got to earn his money tonight and he's got the big guy, so he's doing a lot of pushing RIGHT WITH THE 5. You okay? Put your hands up. Come here. Give me your ball. Fury says, "Yes, of course I'm all right." Big right handous answer by Wilder. Fury is hurt. Uppercut and help. Wilder with his big chance. CAN HE GET THE TITLE BACK? Big right hand from Fury. Conor's got to get down goes Fury again. He's hurt, FELLAS. WOW. OVER THERE. SIX. &gt;&gt; FURY BACK UP. FINAL SECONDS. &gt;&gt; EIGHT. Put your hands up. Put your hands up. Come here. Give me a go. &gt;&gt; That's the end of the round. &gt;&gt; But he has to be ready. THAT'S &gt;&gt; THAT WAS AN EXTREMELY SLOW COUNT on both of those knockdowns. I DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT was about for more, but just when he looks wobbled, he answers with a thunderous right hand. Wow. Wilder lauded as one of the greatest punchers in heavyweight history and proving it here again tonight. For Wilder to be that hurt and come back and knock down Fury twice. Sensational. &gt;&gt; He's always sensational. &gt;&gt; He's always dangerous. &gt;&gt; And that's in the that's kind of the back behind the ear. So that was off balance by Fury, but he still went down. It still hurt. Three knockdowns already in this fight. As we get into round number five, heavyweight championship of the world. It has more than lived up to the billing already. &gt;&gt; Wilder looks slightly gassed, but he is still able to throw A BIG RIGHT HAND from distance. &gt;&gt; You see the punch HAS LANDED. I'VE GOT ATHLETICS. I've got just get it off the screen. &gt;&gt; Let's Let's count knockdowns. &gt;&gt; Roder wants to set his shots up. He doesn't want to waste any shots just in case Tyson Fury is able to recover. There's still a lot more fight to be fought because it's only the fifth round. &gt;&gt; Good jab by Fury. Andre Fury looks pretty good. &gt;&gt; He's not all the way back yet. He's not all the way back yet. &gt;&gt; Wilder comes in. Wilder certainly has lost a little fuel in the tank. No doubt he doesn't look as crisp, but those punches are hard. &gt;&gt; When Tyson Fury got hit there, he basically took that punch. &gt;&gt; Look at Fury. Beautiful left and right. Straight up the middle. and knocks Wilder's head sideways. &gt;&gt; That got his attention for sure. &gt;&gt; Wow, these are big shots. Big uppercut. Mora lets him wrestle out. He can punch out of that. &gt;&gt; Hands are free. Your hands are free. &gt;&gt; On the ropes. Wilder tiring. 280 lbs of Tyson Fury leaning on Wilder. Round number five. So much has happened. &gt;&gt; Oh, good job by Tyson Fury. He's got to get that jab going again. Now Fury looks like he's back. &gt;&gt; Wilder answers with the right hand. Just when you think one man has the better of the There's another big right hand just he is able to touch Fury with that right hand more than ever. NOW HE BACKS FURY INTO the corner. Snap. &gt;&gt; Furious fighting for the heavyweight title. Fury's defense does not look like he's on point like he was in those first two fights. He's not moving his hand. Looks like he's a little off. And this is a game of interest, fellas. In that first fight, Tyson Fury was able to miss make miss with that right hand. Hol tried to go home early with that one. &gt;&gt; Home run shots. Final minute of round five. &gt;&gt; Fury has to get back to his boxing. &gt;&gt; Okay, stop. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's come in as a puncher here, Lennox. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean he knows he's a puncher, but he's got to get back into the boxing. He's got to throw more jabs before coming back with that power punch. Wilder is not allowed a lot of that. Again, when Wilder is active, Fury has to step back. He has to respect that power. But Fury has been the man with tremendous power. Three knockdowns in the fight. One for Fury, two for Wilder. &gt;&gt; Tries another right hand. Both fighters should keep going to that body. If you're going to be inside, you might as well make the most of it and dig a couple shots. Short shots underneath. &gt;&gt; So much has happened. The early jabs from Deontay Wilder. Looked like he had his fighting spirit back. The three knockdowns. Let's go. HE GOT TWO ROUNDS. THAT LAST ROUND is a 10-7 round. &gt;&gt; Brian, back to you. &gt;&gt; Round six. Max, I'm with you. I thought this was a huge fight for Wilder's legacy. A win would make that second fight look like a blip on the record, but a bad night would make it a loss would really call his whole reign into question. I think Wilder has answered beautifully here tonight, no matter what happens. But Tyson Fury has Andrew back as well. Amazing. Three knockdowns in this fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a huge fight for both fighters legacy, &gt;&gt; not just Deontay Wilder. &gt;&gt; And it's a war of attrition already. Brian Kenny Lennox Lewis, Andre Ward. Lennux, your thoughts as both both guys look sometimes powerful, other times they look gassed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, you know, it's conserving energy and basically uh coming out with the right punches at the right time. Right now, Deontay can't uh afford to miss punches and And you use up his energy. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Winging power shots now. And Wilder almost takes the knee but does not. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury's coming in with that left right also bumping you with the body right after it. &gt;&gt; Deontay looks a little fresher than Fury to me right now. &gt;&gt; Even with the extra weight, even with the extra mass, you wonder. But so far so good. &gt;&gt; All right, there's Larry Hazard. You see right there, he's got Wild 4745 with the 10-7 round in the four. &gt;&gt; Don't see many 107s. &gt;&gt; 108 round the other way. Fury with the knockdown and both men looked badly hurt to emphasize here. Bombs. Good answer from Wilder after the big right hand from Fury. &gt;&gt; Neither man wanted to give an inch. &gt;&gt; Now they ball on the inside. No question. Deontay Wilder showed a hard jab from the outset. Hard right hands and has been able to back Fury up, but when Fury counters, it is nasty. &gt;&gt; Both men look badly hurt in this fight already. &gt;&gt; Barely climbing off the deck. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Halfway through right hands. Wilder tries to weather the storm. &gt;&gt; Steps back in with his own shot. &gt;&gt; Fury starting to move his own head. CAUGHT HIM WITH THE RIGHT HAND. WILDER BACK AGAINST the ropes. It didn't get him 100% but it certainly clipped the uppercut. &gt;&gt; THERE'S THAT UPPERCUT BY FURY. &gt;&gt; NOW DEONTAY takes a knee but he got forced down there. &gt;&gt; No. No. Russell Morris says that's not a knockdown. &gt;&gt; I was close. He's trying to stop Fury from putting his weight on him. I think that was the correct call, but others might argue. &gt;&gt; Hard right hand from Fury. He's got Wilder on the ropes. Wilder does not want to be there. &gt;&gt; Wilder looks really tired right now. He's got to be careful cuz when he's throwing his punch, he's leaving himself open. And they both look tired right now to me. No question. Final 10 seconds. Round number six. &gt;&gt; Kaymaker from Wilder, but he's able to duck under that right hand for Fury. THE DANGEROUS RIGHT HAND FROM the champion of the world. We notice just great exchanges from both guys. Every time a fighter makes a mistake, the other one tries to capitalize. And they're not capitalizing or taking advantage of the mistake with pity pass shots. They're knockout blows. Even the jabs, even no matter every punch they throw is a knockout shot. &gt;&gt; And here you see the uppercut by Fury because Deonte puts his head down. He's got to be careful when he's when he's tired not to put his head down. He's got to keep his composure and keep his head up. &gt;&gt; As we said before the fight, you think you know, but you don't know. And round seven here, three knockdowns. Wilder has put Fury down on the deck twice. Each time it looked like Fury might not answer the bell, but there's a hard shot again. &gt;&gt; And certainly Wilder when he went down, it did not look good. Wilder went down once, Fury twice. &gt;&gt; Right. There are no guarantees in a heavyweight division. &gt;&gt; You have to like the way Wilder has responded though after the beat down, after all the excuses. Fires his trainer, but he comes back like a man here tonight. &gt;&gt; Wilder has to be careful. Although he's tired, he can't be throwing these wild punches. That's just going to exert him even more and leave himself open for for Tyson Fury to take to counter punch. He does look tired. No question. Legs not as steady, not as sturdy as Tyson Fury's Mor. Yeah, he's busy in there. A lot to do. &gt;&gt; Fury able to get out of the way. Slipping that right hand and goes back to the body. Body shot from right there. Brought the left behind behind the right. Good. Andrea would think though that if you want to have a real shot, they've got to be a distance, right? &gt;&gt; Not necessarily. I mean, he doesn't want Fury leaning on him where he's putting pressure on his back. That that's hard. But inside, Deontay Wilder is giving just as MUCH AS HE'S GIVING. &gt;&gt; RIGHT HAND BY FURY. &gt;&gt; But Wilder's getting ready to try to land that right hand. &gt;&gt; And that just grazed his chin. &gt;&gt; Stop. &gt;&gt; Even when Wilder's hurt, you can see him thinking if he just gets closer, I'm going to land this right hand is always dangerous. Tyson Tyson Fury hit him with a right hand, but he's smothering himself when when he's that he can't throw any more punches. He's got to throw that left right and keep the distance so he can get here with the counter. &gt;&gt; It's a pitch battle here in the seventh round heavyweight championship of the world for Fury. &gt;&gt; Morris has moved those shots up. Right hand topping shot. Oh, now Wilder gets hit with the right hand to the side of his head. ENZERS BACK. THERE IS A VINTAGE RIGHT HAND FROM WILDER. &gt;&gt; This is where Tyson Fury needs to throw his punch. Deontay just threw five punches and missed. This is where you HAVE HE LANDED THERE. LANDED THE JAB. LANDED THE RIGHT HAND. WILDER NOW FIRES BACK. OH, there's Fury WITH A RIGHT HAND. WILDER'S HURT. WILDER'S HURT. HE WOBBLED. HE ALMOST FELL OVER INTO THE ROPES. HE is close to GOING OUT NOW. FURY WITH A ROUND. There's 35 seconds left. Wilder looked like he was doing a grenade. &gt;&gt; Wilder is looking tired. He's he has to keep that composure. &gt;&gt; Takes a right hand again. Yeah, he is stumbling back toward the corner. &gt;&gt; But every time he looks like he's done, he has an answer. You wonder how often he can keep doing that. &gt;&gt; That answer is the big right hand. &gt;&gt; What a fantastic round. Again, we talk trilogies and you hate to compare anything to Frasier Ali or even Bo Holyfield, but wow, that round was something else. Throwing the punch stats out the window at this point cuz it's a war. It's a war. Both guys look like they might not be standing in the next 30 seconds. Both are still throwing hard shots and both showing incredible will to continue this fight at a high level. Wilder looks fairly wobbly, but he's still able to fire. Fury now looks like he has more energy moving forward. Wilder backing up. Eats a jab. Wilder's moving the wrong way. He's moving right into the right hand. &gt;&gt; And he can't be moving backwards either, Lenox. No, it's a dangerous place. He doesn't fight well. Backing up. Right hand by Fury. Wilder on the ropes. Wild stop. The second right hand in the uppercut. trace the front of his face. He looked very fatigued in that corner in between rounds. I think he's still trying to get his breath back. He's trying to catch a second in right now. Larry Hazard, our unofficial score, has it even so far again. I'll let him deal with that. &gt;&gt; You can't look away. &gt;&gt; This is a hard-hitting home run battle. Hard right hand by Deontay Wilder. &gt;&gt; That's what Fury has to stop letting Deontay Wilder do. Wilder likes to take that big step forward to get maximum power. And for whatever reason, Wilder's right in line, I'm excited. Fury's right in line to get hit by THE RIGHT HAND. &gt;&gt; YEAH, he should be taking a step backwards. &gt;&gt; Landed with the hook. He got underneath and was able to tuck under the Fury right hand combination. &gt;&gt; Wilder looks hurt, but he takes a step forward. &gt;&gt; Fury is landing hard shots. &gt;&gt; The will of both champions being tested. Wilder now backing up again. &gt;&gt; Like I said, Wilder is moving the wrong way. Fury throws a good looping right hand that way. So, and Wilder has his hands down as well. He needs to keep his defense in check. Right hand lands for Fury. Another right hand. Wilder is wobbled. He's got a minute to go in this eighth round. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury's got to push Wilder off with him. Reset and go right back to him right now because he's not only hurt, but he's fatigued. &gt;&gt; Again, the judges could have this fight even. Larry Hazard has it even right now. Big right hand. You have the feeling this is not going to go to the storecards, but we don't know. &gt;&gt; I highly doubt it. &gt;&gt; I don't think so either, Audrey. I don't think so. I'd be shocked. &gt;&gt; Punches in the back of the &gt;&gt; I mean, they're they are just wobbling around there now, but their upper half has a lot of fight left in them. Legs I'm not sure about. &gt;&gt; Wilder's taking some hellacious one twos from Tyson Fury, and he's answering with his own shots right now. Again, Wilder is one of the biggest punchers in the history of the heavyweight division, but it's Tyson Fury seemingly has the heavier hands here tonight. Here comes Wilder. &gt;&gt; Once not there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, once Tyson Fury has him missing, he's got to counter punch him. He's got to hit him. &gt;&gt; Snaps him back with the jab, but Wilder has enough energy to get underneath and slip the right hand. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury out landing Deontay Wilder 98 to 54. looking at. He seems to be clutching at it, but we don't know. Certainly, Lenox don't want to give that away to Fury. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Well, you know, I think he might have heard it. &gt;&gt; What's this now? &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you, Doc. &gt;&gt; That's a duck. &gt;&gt; I would presume so. He's the only man that can get in the ring. &gt;&gt; One of the ringside positions. &gt;&gt; Well, we're going to see if we're going to see if Deontay is going to be still throwing that right hand. &gt;&gt; Even if it's broken, he's still got to throw it. Let him go. Let him go. &gt;&gt; All right. Heidi Androl has just asked the corner of Deontay Wilder. They say the right hand is fine as Wilder fires a right hand to the body. I don't think anything's wrong. If you if you watch Wild's previous fights, he does that a lot. I think it's just a habit. &gt;&gt; See, he's doing it right now. &gt;&gt; He does it after each punch. &gt;&gt; Wilder again trying to jab to the body. Again, that is an effective tactic. His jabbing has made a big difference in this fight. as Fury then lands a hard shot to the body. Again, it's becoming a battle, a slugfest. It's boxing, but it's slugging as well. &gt;&gt; Oh, good combination. Fury drops his hands. Wilder clipped him. Deontay has such power. &gt;&gt; Then Tyson Fury smothers Deontay Wilder to take some steam off the shot and to allow himself to recover. &gt;&gt; Again, this is 277 versus 238. Biggest heavyweight matchup in history for the real heavyweight championship in the world. Little pawing jab there. Two of them from Fury. Just wants to touch Wilder. Moving back. That's a hard jab. &gt;&gt; The the jab is interrupting anything Wilder wants to do. &gt;&gt; Excellent point, Lynx. No question. See, even when they're just kind of putting it out there, even if you throw it as a blinder again, the punch that put Fury down the n the 12th round. Wilder looks hurt. He came after a blinder. of a jab from Deontay Wilder. Then he put Fury on his back. You need the jab and the right hand. Wow. There's so many moments where I think Wilder is done, guys. So many, but he's not. You got to give Wilder credit for standing up because he's not just hurt. He's fatigued and he keeps recovering and coming back and he'll get hurt and he keeps recovering and coming back. You got to give him credit for that. But he's got to try to get his own shot in there to kind of take some of the play away from Tyson Fury right now. &gt;&gt; And that's the jab. He's got to get that jab going right now. Tyson Fury has the jab going better than him. &gt;&gt; Whoever commits to the jab and goes back to it because they both kind of got away from it is going to have the most success. They can rest while they're using it. They can set his punches while they're using it and they can inflict punishment with the jab. First fight was exciting. Second fight was a beatdown. This fight's been thrilling. A classic so far. &gt;&gt; Yep. No question. Right hand from Deontay Wilder. Still has some pop on it. Fury backs Wilder into the corner. Hits him with a hook. Right hand by Fury. The &gt;&gt; crowd is gasping when these guys hit each other. &gt;&gt; Fury sneaks in that little uppercut in there. He's been doing that the last two fights, even this fight. &gt;&gt; Wilder again doesn't look good. His mouth is wide open, sucking in that air, but he lands an uppercut on Fury as he comes in. He twists around now and gets Fury into the corner. &gt;&gt; Fury applies the body weight. &gt;&gt; Another pitched battle in that round. He's not going to throw our hands together. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury looks like he has more energy right now in this fight. But Deontay Wilder has never given up and he has been able to answer in just about every single round. Round 10. They have gone at it. &gt;&gt; Battle Wilder's keeping his hands too low right now. And all Tyson Fury has to do because he's a taller man is jack. Fury comes in, puts Wilder on the ropes. There have been so many moments where Deontay Wilder looks like, okay, he's going to wobble and just fall over, but he's got real guts. There's no question. Second fight I mentioned, he never quit. Big right hand by Fury. Wilder wobbled again. Now he's in the corner. He's leading right hands. THE BODY SHOT from Fury. &gt;&gt; That's a mean combination right there from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Capp it off with a huge body shot. &gt;&gt; And again, Andre said it many times, but this man's a natural fighter. He's a boxer. He's a fighter. Fury keeps coming at you. Does things just naturally &gt;&gt; I just don't know how Deontay Wilder standing up to this kind of kind of punishment. &gt;&gt; He is barely. And yet he could still be could still be in this fight. &gt;&gt; He's a punch away. He's always a punch away. &gt;&gt; Bernardo Asuna is telling us that Wilder's corner and complaining about rabbit punches from Tyson Fury, but a lot of times I I think it's Wilder bending over to the side and then just Fury chopping down. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. You know, uh, Wilder puts his head down when he has to keep his head up and his hands up as well. &gt;&gt; This fight could end any second. I I mean, it it's felt that way the last 40 minutes, but it it looks that way now, too. &gt;&gt; Wilder landed that uppercut at the end of the last round. He's got to try to get another shot in there. Those are shots that Fury, he's not looking out for because that wasn't something Fury showed, excuse me, Wilder showed in the first two fights. WILDER'S GOT TO GET BY FURY. AND DOWN GOES DEONTAY WILDER. BIG SHOT by Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Deontay Wilder was off balance before he received that shot. &gt;&gt; Can Deontay recover? &gt;&gt; One minute left in this round. &gt;&gt; Hustle more. Let him go. Heavyweight Championship. Big right hand. Fury comes in for the kill. LOT OF TIME LEFT. BIG right hand by Fury. Wilder trying to hold on and survive. &gt;&gt; This is where Fury should go to the body. When you got a guy hurt, the guy's expecting you to come back to the head, but if you go to the body, you're going to take more steam out of him. Fury's got to give himself some space and try to land another big shot. Landing uppercuts there and trying with the hook off the uppercut. Those are effective shots, but he's not getting a lot of pop on him. And now we're under 30 seconds to go. Wilder desperately needs to get to the corner and try to recover. Now Wilder fires back. What does he have left now? Oh, uppercut by Fury. Deontay Wilders on wobbly legs and he wobbles again from a hook. Tyson Fury's got to give himself some space right now. Final seconds with a second and then a hook. Back to the GYPSY KING AND FIRES BACK WITH AN ANSWER AT THE END OF THE 10TH ROUND. And here you see Tyson Fury catching Deontay Wilder when he was off balance. Oh. Oh, wow. All right, we're excited. Wow. And here's the end of the round. How Wilder had anything left, I don't know. Man, he keeps getting his strength back. When you think he has nothing left, he recuperates and he gets his own shot in there. And he at the end of the round, he's always on the verge of getting Tyson Fury out of there or at least knocking him down. &gt;&gt; Paris Fury right there. Tyson's wife looking on obviously concerned as we go in now the 11th round. Two more to go. Maybe this is Ward Gotti at the heavyweight level which is saying something. Stiff jab by Tyson Fury opens up the action in round 11. &gt;&gt; These kind of trilogies when there's bad blood and both fighters really want to prove that they're the best. You leave a little something of yourself in each one of those fights to prove that you are the best and you are the man and both fighters are doing that in this ring tonight. &gt;&gt; I think though too, Andre, I mean Fury's winning these rounds, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's winning them. He's winning the majority of these rounds. Um, and Wilder's HAVING HIS MOMENT RIGHT ON top of us. Sweat flying from Wilder. Wilder does not look good, but we've been saying that all night. &gt;&gt; Wilder does not look stable on his feet right now. &gt;&gt; Trying to stay up. Hard body shot by Fury. HAS WILDER WOBBLE. OH, &gt;&gt; BY FURY. &gt;&gt; RIGHT HAND BY FURY AS WELL. WILDER somehow staying on his feet, &gt;&gt; TAKING SUPERNATURAL STRENGTH. AND THAT'S IT. IT'S OVER. RUSSELL MORA WAVES IT OFF. HE'S NOT COUNTING. THE GYPSY KING IS THE HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION OF the world. &gt;&gt; In an alltime great fight. All time great. What a fight. Unbelievable. That's a modern day classic, fellas. That's a modern day classic fight. And Deontay Wilder did everything he could. Fury kept coming back. Fury hit the deck twice and came back and won that fight. &gt;&gt; Yo, you had drama in the first fight. You had drama in the second fight. You got drama in the third fight. &gt;&gt; Better even than we hoped. Better. Wow. We're going to go back early in the round. Fury starts landing and starts doing damage. Body shot and then he's going to come up top. And at this point, when you're fatigued, you see the punch coming, but you can't really get out of the way of it. Both guys got extremely long arms. But Wilder has been taking those kind of shots for the past five or six rounds, and you think he's done. And then he answers, but he couldn't answer with this one, two from Tyson Fury. And Deontay Wilder went out the way that he wanted to go out in the second fight on his shield. &gt;&gt; It's a good point. Not only that, Russell Mora called the end to this fight with Wilder in the air. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Wilder did not even hit the canvas and Morris said, "No, that's it. That's it. &gt;&gt; Game over. He's seen enough." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean, the way he went down, Wilder could not continue. &gt;&gt; And let me tell you, WILDER WAS STILL TRYING TO GET UP. &gt;&gt; No doubt. So many times he looked wobbled, he looked done. He deserves a big kiss right there. That was a hellacious fight for both men. Both men have a right to be proud of their effort at the highest level. And I hope and I believe Lex Lewis, Andre Ward, we're going to see respect from the camps now. But you've got to &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Absolutely. You know, it may be war. You may hate each other before the fight, but you resolve everything after the fight or while the fight's going on and then your friends after. &gt;&gt; Hey, look, Fury had to dig deep. They had to dig deep all through this fight. He went down twice. He walked into a right hand, got dropped. And we're going to watch again here as we get into round 11 where it was stopped. &gt;&gt; This is where the right hand comes across. Like I said, that right hand comes across on the on the left side of Deontay and catches him straight on the chin. And let me tell you, Deontay was a bit tired. He was tired. So, you know, exhaustion and everything caused him to stay down. After the second fight, we did wonder, many wondered, hey, do we need to see a third fight? Well, yeah, we did. And then the next thing will be, are we going to see it again? &gt;&gt; BK, that's how you close out a trilogy, brother. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's how you close it out. How about a quadrology? &gt;&gt; There we are during the knock. Andre, you're so kind. &gt;&gt; I always look underwhelmed. I I'm I'm I'm jumping on the inside. &gt;&gt; Andre, the heart rate. &gt;&gt; I'VE SEEN A LOT OF KNOCKOUTS and stuff in my life, man. I don't jump up and down. It's not my style, but trust me, man. This was an epic night. &gt;&gt; Lox, you were up. And here's the Gypsy King. Wow. I mean, he had to dig deep tonight as well, fellas. He was He tries to jump up, but he was able to get up in the air. A little uh a little air time for Tyson Fury after an 11th round TKO. &gt;&gt; Had to earn it. There he is with his brother Shane. &gt;&gt; He said he had a great camp. At his best, he looked different. And this was just much more of a dig deep and find it. and Fury found it. Let's go to Jimmy Lennin Jr. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 1 minute 10 seconds in round number 11. He is the winner by way of knockout and he is still the undefeated WBC and lineal heavyweight champion of the world, the Gypsy King, Tyson Fury. And this is Tyson Fury's era. This is the man that finally ended the reign of Vladimir Klitschko, the longtime heavyweight king in 2015. Deontay Wilder is going to go back to his dressing room. We would like to get interviews, but I understand he was concussed. He was knocked flat. I get it. But Fury now wins this fight. You can make a case he won all three fights against Deontay Wilder. He had to dig so deep in this one. A tremendous effort from Wilder. And Fury again is the king of this division. Anthony Joshua has lost twice. That man is the king of the heavyweights. &gt;&gt; No doubt about it. &gt;&gt; Let's go to the ring and Bernardo Asuna. Bernardo's hitting me behind the edge. &gt;&gt; We got Russell Moore having a conversation with the champion about the rabbit punches. But &gt;&gt; I made it as clean as possible for you. Tyson, first of all, on behalf of boxing fans everywhere, thank you for giving us a trilogy worthy of boxing history. What are you and Deontay made of? Because there was five knockdowns and this fight could have ended at any moment. &gt;&gt; Well, LIKE THE GREAT JOHN WAYNE SAID, I'm made of pig iron and steel, baby. &gt;&gt; Walk me through what got you up twice after you had put him down. First of all, I just like to say thank you to my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ in the mighty name of Jesus. I won this fight tonight again. I give him the glory. He gives me the victory. It made me leg strong. I was down a couple of times. I was hurt while a strong puncher and he's a tough man. I was hitting him with some big shots and my Lord and Savior rose me to my feet tonight to give him the glory. &gt;&gt; Is there a level of respect now after sharing the ring for a total of 33 rounds? You know, it was a great fight tonight. It was worthy of any trilogy in the history of the sport. You know, I'm not going to make any excuses. Wilder is a top fighter. He gave me a real run for me tonight. And I always said, I'm the best in the world and he's the second best. You know, he's got no love for me, Deontay Wilder, because you know why? Cuz I beat him three times. And it's like, I'm a sportsman. I went over to him to show some love and respect and he didn't want to give it back. So that's that's his problem. I'll pray for him so God will soften his heart. But you know what? I want to thank everybody in this building tonight who came out to show love for my sport, boxing. Thank you to every man, woman, and child in the building tonight. Great fight. October 9th, 2021 will go down the history as a great fight. I I hope anyway. &gt;&gt; It sure will. And that begs the question, what is next for the Gypsy King? You are the WBC champ. &gt;&gt; I'm the WBC champ, Ring Magazine champion, and lineal champion. You know what? I got to say thank you to my trainer Sugar Hill because if it wasn't for Sugar and America's own, Detroit's home, &gt;&gt; I wouldn't have got through that fight tonight. He told me, he said, "Get your jab working, big dog, and shoot that right hand down the middle." He said, "In the ONLY BIG DOGS PULL IT OUT LATE ON IN FIGHTS." And I said, "Yes, I got you." And I went out and pulled it out the back. So, big shout out to me, dad, me mom, me kids, all watching. I know you've had your hearts in your mouth tonight, but don't ever doubt me. When the chips are down, I can always deliver. Thank you to Bob Arum. Thank you to Frank Warren. Thank you to Top Rank Boxing, Las Vegas, T-Mo, MGM, and everybody who came to show support. And thank you to me wife. Thank you, Paris. I love you so much. And uh yeah, thank you very much again. I don't I don't want to keep going on and on and on, but um you know, it was a great honor tonight to be here. And uh I got one thing to say. Put on my blue sweet shoes, baby. Bought at the plane. I touched down in the land of the Delta Blues in the middle of the pour and rain. W handy when you look down over me. Hey, I got a first class ticket and I'm as fly as a guy can be. I was walking in Vegas. I was walking with my feet on the field. I was walking in Vegas. And do I really feel the way I feel? THANK YOU VERY MUCH. VEGAS. I LOVE YOU, BABY. LANCASTER. And there's a moment across the ring. The defending world champion fighting out of the blue corner wearing red trunks with white trim hanging from Manchester, England. He weighed in at 18 stone 12 lb or 264.8 US lb. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 31 wins, no losses, one draw with 22 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight, making his anticipated return to the UK. Here is the twotime world champion in his fifth world title appearance and one of the great stars of boxing today. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the undefeated, reigning and defending WBC and lineal heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing the gypsy king, TYSON. Once again, lovely in charge, Mark L. Now to give instructions. Mark Lyson the referee. His first heavyweight title bout he's ever officiated. The club's high. So, anything on the belt will be fine. Okay. Okay, boys. I've already spoken to both of you. You know what I expect. Stay professional, obey my commands, and most of all, protect yourself at all times. Good luck to you both. Here we go. Joe Tessaturur and Tim Bradley with you ringside for the heavyweight championship. Tyson Fury, Dillian White. Let's do it from Wembley. &gt;&gt; OH, DILLIAN WHITE CAME OUT IN this softball stand. &gt;&gt; Can you believe that? &gt;&gt; And he throws the straight left. &gt;&gt; What do you make of it, Tim? &gt;&gt; Interesting tactic right here from Dillian White. I know this tactic right here &gt;&gt; kind of bothered Tyson Fury or is bothering Tyson Fury, but Tyson Fury has a lot of experience. He's been in the ring with a lot of fighters, including southpaws. So, all the talk leading up to this fight, what you mentioned with your analysis leading up, the biggest weapon for Dillian White, the left hook from that orthodox stance, and here he comes out, southpaw with what appears to be just a rangefinding right jab. White has to be balanced tonight with his attacks. He cannot empty the tank too early because Fury seems to have rechargeable batteries in his system late. And Fury needs to do what he's doing right now, be on high alert defensively early because he doesn't want to get caught, but command respect with his jab and brilliant boxing skills. Of &gt;&gt; course, those boxing skills include tremendous defense. That is how he first won the heavyweight championship against Klitschko. Just outboxing him with his movement. Fury opponents land just 6.3 punches per round. 6.3 punches per round. That is how rare it is to touch him clean. That is the fewest among all heavyweights. That defense number three among all fighters. Now you say, "But what about Deontay Wilder?" Deontay Wilder scored four knockdowns against Tyson Fury through their trilogy. Well, Tyson Fury has become a bit more offensive, a bit more riskreward at times, especially as that trilogy went on. You know, Tess, let me tell you this. The right hand of Tyson Fury has improved over time, especially under the tulage of Sugar Ray. Killian White needs to be careful because he's setting himself up to be hit with the right hand of Tyson Fury, &gt;&gt; especially in a south ball. Fury can get &gt;&gt; that long range of his lead left foot outside the lead foot of Dillian White and come down the channel with that big right hand. There's a long range left hand from Dillian White and that return fire from the champion. &gt;&gt; But committed to that southpaw stance here in round number one. &gt;&gt; Every time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know how long Dillian's going to be in this position fighting from the southpaw stance. But &gt;&gt; it's almost been the entirety of this whole entire round. &gt;&gt; It's in the low 50s here at nighttime outside at Wembley here in London. There's a one, two from Fury. Came straight down the middle with the right hand. &gt;&gt; End of one. So, the surprise of the southpaw stance from Dillian White. &gt;&gt; Orthodox. &gt;&gt; And look at And look at the gypsy king. Can you believe this? So all of a sudden now they start the second round with Tyson Fury making the decision to come out southpaw and Dillian White going back to his orthodox stance with the power right hand. &gt;&gt; It's a lot of mind games right now going on in that ring right now. &gt;&gt; We mentioned we mentioned the coaching tree, the training tree is all prom. Xavier Miller is in the corner of Dillian White, but Harold Knight was brought on in the past year and a half. He was originally with Emanuel Stewart in the Crock Gym. Helped out with Lennox Lewis back in the day. Sugar Hill Stewart is the nephew of the late Emanuel Stewart from the Crock Gym. &gt;&gt; So tactical early of both guys switching. And there is the first big swing and a miss of the overhand right from Dillian White. And Fury able to get away from it. And now back to that jab for the Gypsy King. &gt;&gt; That's it. Fury's going to have a lot of opportunities because White will commit like that. He will throw wide and will become off balance. And Fury's going to be right there close enough to be able to land his offense on White. &gt;&gt; Right hand trying to close the distance going to the body from White. Fury of course that 85 in reach. One, two from Fury. Quick hands. &gt;&gt; That's f That's Fury's favorite combination now. &gt;&gt; He'll blind you with the jab. Blind you with the jab, and then he'll look like he's going to be throwing a jab, but then he'll throw a hook and a right hand right down the middle. &gt;&gt; Sweeping left hand from Fury. There's a double jab. Didn't come with the right hand behind him. &gt;&gt; Now he does. And then White tries to close the gap and get right into the kitchen and bring Fury against those ropes. Sweeping overhand right hand. Head movement by Fury. Gets out of the way. &gt;&gt; Right hand scored from the Gypsy King as they pick up the pace here in round two. &gt;&gt; GET THE JOB GOING, TYSON. &gt;&gt; MORE BODY WORK FROM WHITE. &gt;&gt; He has been effective so far with the body work, especially in round one. &gt;&gt; Carrie trying to place that right hand behind the jab. What Fury's doing right now, he's turning White. You see that lead left hook? That's what he's doing. Anytime White steps in and looks for offense, he'll just throw the lead hook out there, &gt;&gt; connect with the head, and then move off to the side. Pivot. There it is again. Nice little check hook from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; White trying to smother and get to the inside again. Fury able to avoid those punches. End of two. &gt;&gt; This is beautiful boxing by Tyson Fury right here. Look at that check left hook right there as White loads up with a big left hand. &gt;&gt; Then the right to the body from Dillian White. &gt;&gt; That's exactly where White needs to go because he's going to have a hard time locating the head of Tyson Fury. Tyson Fury is very elusive for a big man, but that body stays home when he moves that head back. A more productive second round for Tyson Fury. He had a 15-5 connect advantage in that second round. He threw 40 punches. He only threw 28 in the first round. Dillian White with five connects to the body so far through two rounds. They start off the first round switching stances, the second round going opposite. And now here in round number three, both men back to their orthodox right-handed stance. White has been trying to get over the top with the clubbing right hand. That one nearly went to the back of the head and he receives the warning from referee Mark L. Mark L. 895 bounce officiated into his career. Nerd check hook from Tyson Fury. That's how you get off the line. Easy. Fury shaking his head after that one. That's just beautiful boxing by Tyson Fury using his jab, stick stick. Anytime he says White step in, he uses that nice little check hook to get off the line that keeps him safe. &gt;&gt; Dillian White targeting that body with the right hand again. See, White's going to have to implement some some faints. &gt;&gt; Fury's already timing his attacks. He understands the speed of White already. That's why he's checking him with that left hook. But if he incorporate the faints, that's how you be able to deal with someone so defensive like a Tyson Fury. You got to set him up for something. &gt;&gt; Touching him with that jab to the body, man. 85 in reach on that 6-9 frame. It doesn't take much to just reach out and touch your opponent. Quick right hand behind the jab from Fury. See Fury right here tie up in the inside and not allowing White to work. Fury leaning on him with the 264 lbs. Remember, he was a careerhigh 277 for the third fight against Wilder. goes underneath with a left hand to the body does the champ. High guard of a belt on Tyson Fury around the body. One, two. Fires off the jab, off the hip, smiles at Dillian White. Nice uppercut right there. &gt;&gt; Left uppercut from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; White has to find the key to get through that front door. Timmy, you say he has to faint. &gt;&gt; Listen, he has to faint and he also has to take two to get one. Take three to get one. But he has to close the distance. &gt;&gt; And a three. Let's listen in. &gt;&gt; Keep your balance a little more. I want you to start shooting. Start around the head. Just around here a little bit. &gt;&gt; Hey, listen. Keep the damn jab. Just keep out here. Just keep touching. Keep touching. Keep touching. Keep it out here. Don't keep it here too much. Keep it right out from his face. Magnet. Keep his hands busy. You're throwing a beautiful jab. Please don't be lazy with that guy coming back. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; you're here and I'm going to come back here and you're going to break one two. Just be here and control it. Okay, &gt;&gt; look at Fury right here. He's setting a trap right now off this fake. This is an indirect attack. You see right here? YOU SEE THE BODY open of Dillian White, but he got him to commit with a shot. Fury didn't make him pay there, but I can tell you this, later in the fight, he will make Dillian pay for that reaction. That's what it looks like to be a top Wembley Stadium, a top 94,000 plus and look down at the heavyweight championship fight. Start of round number four. Joe Tessator and Tim Bradley with you ringside here. Tyson Fury has a 38-4 connect advantage as we start round number four. Mark Lyson is going to have to clean things up here. &gt;&gt; You can see White wiping at his right eye &gt;&gt; as there was something extra against the ropes. Mark Lyson telling Tyson Fury, "When I tell you to break, you have to break." And there's the cut on the right eye. &gt;&gt; Mark Lyson, who those who are close to British boxing consider the best third man inside the ropes that they have. They say has great instincts, but he has limited experience among big men. This his first heavyweight title bout. He was the third man for Povetkin's knockout over Dillian White. &gt;&gt; See, the biggest problem right now Dillian is having is Oh, &gt;&gt; HERE'S THAT LEFT HOOK, JIMMY. Just a little bit off the mark. Seemed like Fury right there rolled with it a bit, but the problem is White stands up too tall. He stands too tall. That's the biggest issues he's having. He's used to fighting shorter heavy weights. &gt;&gt; And now grappling and jawing on the inside these two giants as Fury brings them back against the ropes. Was a clash of heads to start this fourth round that opened up that punt near the right eye of Dillian White. Yeah, all night. Fury can do this all night long. Not enough pressure coming from Dillian White. Still hasn't been able to solve the puzzle and close the distance &gt;&gt; on Tyson Fury. Tough to close distance when you're dealing with 6'9, 85 in reach and a piston jab. That's constant. &gt;&gt; And now you can see, look at that right elbow of Dillian White when they were on the inside and he gets the warning from Mark L. That was a veteran move. If you were going to be on the inside, I can have an elbow for you. Fury tries to chase him back before they tie up again. Then the crowd responds. It's been a feisty FOURTH ROUND AND OH THE HEAD IN THE CORNER. &gt;&gt; Mark Tyson's got to get control of this. And the corner of Tyson Fury looked like somebody was splashing water while the Met were in that blue corner. &gt;&gt; Very very heated in that blue corner. And Mark Lyson, the referee, has to get control of things. &gt;&gt; This fourth round has nearly gone off the rails. &gt;&gt; Left hook Tyson Fury. That was a big one. HE DIDN'T WASTE ANY TIME LANDING THAT SHOT WHEN they re-engaged. &gt;&gt; Nearly off balance. Some left hand goes to the body from Dillian White. They promised it would be all out war. All week long they were lauding each other for their professionalism. That is in the rearview mirror. This is a downright fight. All right, we got a lot to clean up with that wild round. Let's show you the headbutt that started it, Timmy. Dillian White throwing wide with a shot. You see Tyson Fury leaning in. You see the forearm right there under the chin. Fury didn't like that. &gt;&gt; He did not like that at all. &gt;&gt; There was a little bit of an elbow in the mix as well. &gt;&gt; Another headbutt right here. &gt;&gt; And there's the ELBOW TRYING TO COME DOWN. Are you KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW? NOW, HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED IN the corner. Watch this. &gt;&gt; They hit him behind the head rapid punching right now. And then it's that was Tyson Fury's brother, I believe. I believe Big Shane was over there just throwing some water while the men were engaged in that blue corner. Absolutely wild round. HERE WE GO. ROUND number five. What are we in store for now as Lson's going to get them together? 13 years a pro referee is Mark L. What a task he has in front of him to try to control these guys in front of this atmosphere. And Timmy, I turned to you earlier today. We were on Sports Center and I said, Timmy, with this crowd, with this atmosphere, knowing those ring walks, how does it not impact the guys in the ranks? &gt;&gt; Exactly. I mean, you got to think about it. Both these guys want to win. and they putting it all on the line right now. They do not want to give each other an advantage. And that's what you're seeing right now. Neither guy wants to give an advantage. Neither guy wants to give up control. And that's why these guys &gt;&gt; are wrestling the way they are. &gt;&gt; But there's just a little extra juice. There's something. You can sense it with them. You can sense it in the building. &gt;&gt; It is highly charged in here. Double jab from Fury. Fury has a 50 to 22 connect advantage to this point. He is landing 23% of his 88 jabs thrown. &gt;&gt; See, you see no bend at the knees from Dillian White. That's the biggest issue. If you want to get inside of a bigger man, you got to stay low. The lower you get, the harder it's going to be for them to land their offense. But he's coming in too high because like I said, he's used to fighting smaller heavyweights. 6'2, 6 foot. &gt;&gt; Everybody's Everybody's a smaller heavyweight compared to Tyson Fury. Dillian says that was the feet. Right hand came in. Looked like Michael Oofo did a good job of managing that cut. He is the cut man in the corner of Dillian White. &gt;&gt; See that stick right there to the chest to the body. Dillian, he has to make contact with that to keep Fury occupied so he can land up with power. Fury shakes it off, comes back with a double jab and a right hand of his own to the body. And now probing with that left hand. Goes underneath with a right hand to the body again. &gt;&gt; And now up top. And then while swinging, missing with the left hook is Dillian White. &gt;&gt; See White only throwing one punch at a time. You got to throw combinations, especially against a moving target. Something would eventually land. That's it. White has to take two, three, whatever it takes to land one. But he's getting tied up in the inside by Tyson Fury. Just too smart, too savvy in the ring. There's the clap for the last 10 seconds of round number five. Long reaching jab from Dillian White just to try to touch that body. End of fight for the heavyweight championship here at Wimbley. Left hook up top. Oh, no one's home. YEP. BUT SOMEBODY'S HOME RIGHT THERE on the left side. Nice body shot right there from Tyson Fury. And the feet get tangled up right here. Both men, you see Dillian White off balance. One of the biggest issues that I have with Dylan White stance, he keeps that lead leg at 180° is straight. It needs to be at a 90° angle. Tyson Fury had only seven connects in that first round, but he has doubledigit connects in every subsequent round. Dillian White has yet to hit double-digit connects in any one round, but has been effective to the body with 15 body connects. But overall, it is a 64-27 distinct edge in total connects for Tyson Fury. In terms of power punches, it is 39-19 edge for Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Let's check in with Bernardo. &gt;&gt; I just spoke with Sugar Hill Stewart and I said, "What do you want to see?" What I'm seeing, he's extremely happy with what he's seeing right now. He just doesn't want it to get distracted. See, when you keep that that leg straight like that, that front leg, meaning his foot, &gt;&gt; you have no balance. So when you get pushed back, you're off balance. &gt;&gt; Avoid falling in after throwing that right hand. &gt;&gt; And when you load up like that, a guy with Tyson Fury's experience and eyes, he sees all that coming. You can't load up with shots. You just need to let those hands go. loading up on shots is what he's had success with to this stage of his career with thunderous power especially with the left hand. We asked Tyson Fury to give us a scouting report. How do you sum up Dillian White? He said a modern-day Ernie Shavers big power of thunder but a limited boxer. And he had great confidence when we sat with him for nearly an hour yesterday as to how this fight would go about. And so far he is executing on that plan. Using that 85 in reach, moving set, moving left and right, tying up in the inside. Perfect game plan right now from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Dian White patiently looking for an opportunity. &gt;&gt; You see, you see when Tyson when he shoots something, he closes the distance, he reaches out with his hands. Well, there's an opening right up the middle. Dillian White has an uppercut. He needs to let that uppercut go if he wants to land and hurt Tyson Fury. A punch that he wouldn't see as he's trying to close the distance. &gt;&gt; Left hook right there to the body. One to that right flank. &gt;&gt; Another left hand to the body from Dillian White. &gt;&gt; TIMBER Fury with a power shot. Can White survive this? It is over. One shot IT BY A WIDE. WHAT A WAY TO END IT. A POWER SOURCE from fury. &gt;&gt; All it TAKES IS A 100TH OF A SECOND TO BUY A VOW E FROM THE word eraser right there. RIGHT DOWN THE PIPE AS YOU SEE DILLIAN WHITE MOVING IN TRYING TO GET THE INSIDE. SHORT, PRECISE RIGHT UPPERCUT RIGHT ON THE CHIN AND TIMBER. THIS is a Viper strike right uppercut. It is so fast. &gt;&gt; His head snaps up and down so fast. It's an instant knockout. LOOK AT THAT RIGHT UPPERCUT &gt;&gt; FROM A 6'9 264 lb man with that speed of his right hand. HE BLINDED HIM. BLINDING HIM WITH the jab. Move those hands. Right uppercut. Right up the middle. &gt;&gt; Here it comes in real speed. Watch this. Oh, right on the chin. Instant knockout. When a man that big with that much leverage coming from that distance strikes that punch, it is TNT. Crown him the king. Tyson Fury annihilates Derek White with one punch. They haven't stopped. 94,000 on their feet roaring, screaming, clapping, everything they came to see. And he delivered. Largest crowd to ever see a fight in all of Europe. Just saw that. &gt;&gt; 2 minutes 59 seconds in round number six. A referee in charge, Mark L stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. And still the undefeated WBC and heavyweight champion of the world, the Gypsy King, Ty Fury. There have been 38 men to have the lineal heavyweight championship going back to John El Sullivan in 1884. Tyson Fury has earned his place on that great &gt;&gt; 4,000 people. You delivered one perfect punch. You know, first of all, I want to say as always, I dedicate this to my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. He gave me the victory again tonight and I give him the glory in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. I have won this fight in this country tonight in my lovely MY OWN MY ENGLISH. SEE, I just want to say I'm overwhelmed with the support. I cannot believe that my 94,000 country men and women come here tonight to see me perform. I just want to say from the bottom of my heart, thank you so much to every single person that bought a ticket here tonight or stayed up late to watch it on TV. &gt;&gt; Now, he was tough. He was It was ugly. It was quite nasty at times with elbows. You must have some respect for your old friend. Listen, Dylan White is a warrior and I believe Dylan will be a world champion. But tonight, he met a great in the sport and one of the greatest heavyweights of all times. And unfortunately for Dillian White, he had to face me here tonight. Um there's no disgrace. He's a tough game man. He's the strongest of all and he's got the heart of a lion. But you know, you're not messing with a mediocre heavyweight. You're messing with the best man on the planet. And you saw that tonight what happened. And was that the best punch of your career? The best punch you thrown. the most perfect part &gt;&gt; as a professional. It was an uppercut. I think Lenny Willis could even be part of that right uppercut tonight. &gt;&gt; Now, Tyson, I've got to ask you this. You've talked about taking the family, buying a yacht, sailing off into the Mediterranean, and never fighting again. Can you walk away from this? You know, I also want to say this man, a Sugar Hill Stewart, he made me a great fighter what I am. Years ago, I used to jib and jab, touch and slide. But you're seeing in here tonight, sugar. What a legend you are, mate. And you made me the boat the biggest puncher in the heavyweight division by a mile. &gt;&gt; You are the biggest puncher. &gt;&gt; Knockout puncher. Tell them why. &gt;&gt; Big knockout puncher. Big dogs. Take your time. You work hard. That's a testament to you and to everybody else to know hard work does pay off. you was at the top and you took your time to just degrade yourself and let me mold you and take you all the way to where you're at right now. The biggest puncher in boxing. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much, Sugar. This man's the best trainer in world boxing, including anybody. Unbelievable tonight. You were &gt;&gt; so Tyson, it's a lovely answer and and I could see the love between the two of you. Are we going to see you back in the ring? Tell me. Tell me. Is it too early to ask? You know, I promised my lovely wife Paris a 14 year that after the Wilder three fight that would be it. And I meant it and I had a war. It was a great trilogy and I meant that. But you know, I got offered to fight at Wembley at home and I believed I deserve I owed it to the fans. I owed it to every person in the United Kingdom to come here and fight at Wembley. I know it's all done and I have to be an enemy word and I think this is it. This might be the final curtain for the Gypsy King. And what a way to go out. A big thank you to the United Kingdom. If I could bring you in, if I could bring you in this quickly, I don't I don't want to lose Tyson. I didn't hear anything. &gt;&gt; Well, what he was saying is this could be the end. It's been unbelievable. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's there. &gt;&gt; The Tyson. Tyson, what one? Tyson, one last question. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury is receiving a WBC hat and shirt from Mauricio Sullean, the president of the organization. There's also a white belt. You'll see the union belt that has been commissioned for this fight at Wembley. In addition to the traditional green belt, Tim Bradley, he said, "I owed this to the fans of coming here to Wembley." Yes. and putting on that performance. We're hearing it ringside. We heard it used in the interview, but the term the perfect punch, quote unquote, the perfect punch, that right uppercut was the perfect punch. He conditioned him all night long to set up that punch. Did you even see another substantial uppercut by Tyson Fury thrown prior to that? &gt;&gt; That was the first one. &gt;&gt; That was the first one. He was sitting on that &gt;&gt; first one. Yes. Flicking jab. Blind him. Boom. Send it right up the middle. Beautiful. Beautiful seminar of boxing from Tyson Fury. And what a knockout. Then push me. Get off me. Go ahead and go down. &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. I just remember how that music used to make me smile. And I knew that you went and they be happy for a while. February made me shiver with every paper I deliver. Bad news on the doorstep. I couldn't take one more step. I can't remember in my cry when I read about his widow bride. Something touched me deep inside the day. The music all together NOW singing Thank you for ladies and gentlemen. We welcome you to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London, England for the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry Promotions in association with Bob Barrel's Top Rank incororated and sponsored by Bet Fred Foot Asylum, Elux and Furosity. This bound in the ring is sanctioned by the WBC. The president in attendance and the supervisor is Hosine Huchi. Along with the British Boxing Board of Control, the steward in charge is Charles Giles. Introducing you are three judges. Scoring from ringside, we have Pedro Alexich from Montenegro. From the Philippines, Ray Donco. man from England, John Letham. Introducing our third man to the ring, the referee in charge. He'll be giving instructions after the introductions, Victor Lachlan. All right, fans, here we go with the main event of the evening, 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC and Lineal Heavyweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen, in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from London, England, it's time for the main event of the evening. Introducing to you first the challenger on my left biting out of the red corner wearing black trunks with silver trim hailing from Finchley London England. He weighed in at 18 stone 8 lb or 260 and 3/4 US lb with a record of 33 wins 12 losses. He has 23 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former world title challenger tonight making his second attempt at the heavyweight crown. Please welcome the world ranked battle ready heavyweight contender introducing Derek Warosaura and his opponent across the ring really needing no introduction the world over standing at 6' 9 in wearing lead trunks with gold trim and hailing from Cole, England. He weighed in at 19 stone 2 lb or 268 and 3/4 US lb. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 32 wins, no losses, one draw with 23 wins coming by way of knockout. Presenting one of the great stars of boxing today. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former unified world champion in his second reign as king of the heavyweights. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the twotime world champion and the current undefeated reigning and defending WBC and lineal heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing the gypsy king, Tyson Fury. Once again, the referee in charge now to give instructions, Victor Lachlan. This is Victor Lachlan's 15th world title fight. Both men wearing heavy robes. Dre with the cold weather here and a long ring walk of fury. So 12 minutes Jazora was out on his own waiting on him. Both fighters are bone dry at the moment. Incredible scene here at Tottenham Hotspur. This magnificent multi-purpose stadium that opened just in 2019. Alexander Usyk looks on. He has three of the heavyweight titles. We expect a fight for undisputed status in early 23. Defend yourselves at all time. God bless. Touch close. Touch them now. Touch them. &gt;&gt; Okay. Step back now. Back. No. Remember what Chazora said, Fury promised to him, that we're going to tow the line in this first round and just knock each other's blocks off. He wants that kind of fight. Likely the only chance he has against the great Tyson Fury with his reach and skill. Do we get it? Does Chazora run out and will Fury meet him to just start throwing? Heavyweight Championship of the World. &gt;&gt; Here we go. &gt;&gt; Shazora jabbing to the body, trying to come over the top with a right hand against Fury. &gt;&gt; Yes, he took a shot early. &gt;&gt; HEY, LET HIM GO. LET IT GO, BOYS. LET IT GO. STAND BY. It's the &gt;&gt; kind of shot you don't want to get hit in the first round in this kind of weather outdoors. &gt;&gt; Goes to the body. &gt;&gt; Yuri has great respect for Jazora's ability to do that. That right hand nearly came behind the head. There's a right hand from Fury that comes in. &gt;&gt; He's holding referee. He's holding. &gt;&gt; He's holding, referee. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go. &gt;&gt; Not sure Fury is going to stand and fight Chashor the way he wants until he's got full control of this fight and he feels like he's in full control. &gt;&gt; There's a right uppercut that came in from Tyson Fury. Remember, Chazora has gone down in recent years from uppercuts. &gt;&gt; Tried to aim it again. &gt;&gt; That's the shot. &gt;&gt; Another short right uppercut on the inside as he closed that distance. Yes, those right uppers, left uppers, those are coming all night because everybody knows, including Tyson Fury, that your has to dunk low in order to hit a tall target. Fury's not giving him an opportunity. Driving down right hand, &gt;&gt; another right uppercut and it doesn't take much from Tyrion. There is a right cross that lands as they tie up. Shazora probing with that jab to the body trying to close that ground. See if he can place the right hand behind it. &gt;&gt; There's Fury with the right hand behind the jab. Of course, a jab that comes with 85 in reach. Keep this hands up. &gt;&gt; End of one. And we will listen in to Sugar Hill Stewart, the trainer of Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; That's a good round. &gt;&gt; It's okay, Jon. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just keep fighting a minute before he even take his first step. Fainting, fainting. Step over. You almost had him a minute ago. You fainting and frozen. Just keep fighting a minute. As soon as you're inside, get right into that leg and jackhammer that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bump him and push him off with a check check. &gt;&gt; Okay, notice that &gt;&gt; that has dipped temperatures that have dipped into the low. Meanwhile, on the other side, Shazora uncovered, being more active. &gt;&gt; Second down, round two. In that first round, Fury was nine of 37. Chazora 12 of 27. Six of those were jabs. For Fury, seven of the nine were power punches. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's extremely hard for Chisora to get inside that 11in reach advantage of Tyson Fury. Good shot right there. He did it as I spoke. &gt;&gt; Right hand comes over the top from Derek Chazora. &gt;&gt; But Fury doesn't give those up very often. Short left hand on the inside just as there was some separation. &gt;&gt; Chazora backed up again. &gt;&gt; Good counter right there from Tyson Fury. Now you're going to throw that big overhead right. &gt;&gt; He can time it. &gt;&gt; That's how you discipline an opponent. Make them think twice. Hey, &gt;&gt; these shots are hurting here at Chisor. He's just recovering quickly. You see the stumble. You see that he got buzzed. He's a veteran, so he can play it all. But you see it &gt;&gt; and he can tie up. He's trying to place the short left hands when they're shoulderto-shoulder as well. &gt;&gt; He is a veteran war dog is Chisora. Remember, he went the distance with Usyk. Hands up high. Take it away. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury not getting much resistance, but he looks real sharp with his offense, with his quickness in his first step. &gt;&gt; That half hook, half jab followed by a right hand is extremely dangerous and extremely quick. &gt;&gt; And Dre, the distance it can come at like right there as Shazora just crossed the threshold and Fury put it right on. Then he leans that big body on you, ties you up, and there's literally nothing Chisora can do. &gt;&gt; One, two from Fury as Chazora just dipped to the right. &gt;&gt; Three plus combination by Fury. &gt;&gt; There's the overtime. It has been the target since the beginning as he then tosses him into the ropes. &gt;&gt; GREAT HAND DRIVE FROM FURY. RIGHT UPPERCUT COMES IN AND CHAZUR IS TRYING TO COVER UP. HE'S IN TROUBLE AND FURY headunting before he gives space. FINAL MOMENTS HERE IN ROUND TWO AND Chazora clearly affected. Hey, &gt;&gt; LEFT UPPERCUT. RIGHT UPPERCUT JUST MISSED. DRIVES A DOWNWARD RIGHT hand &gt;&gt; just feet above us and you can hear the thud from Fury. &gt;&gt; Devastating shots that Shaur is getting hit with. &gt;&gt; Dominating second round by the champ. &gt;&gt; Absolutely dominating especially that last minute. &gt;&gt; Listen to this. When you get inside, get inside. Just grind him up a little more. Grab him a little more than what you're doing. Grab the bone up off his feet cuz I want you to catch him off that bump. You bump him and just check it. You know, the big guys don't want to work out there. Break &gt;&gt; as Alexander Usyk looks on. He has three heavyweight titles. &gt;&gt; This employer jab again. Okay. He was jabbing good in the first round. Let's get that jab going. Jab it. Bring your hand back. You're hearing me. Keep touching that body. &gt;&gt; See an exchange right here. Flick jab right there. Good body shot and a right hand that landed on the chin of Derek Jasur. &gt;&gt; And then he gives him a wink. &gt;&gt; Yes, he did. &gt;&gt; You see it all from Fury in that second round. Fury landed 18 of 30 power punches. The majority of the work coming in the final minute. Chor took a lot of punishment in that corner. Lot of punishment. &gt;&gt; Oh, and he took a left hook to open up this third round. &gt;&gt; He's taking those shots, but they are devastating shots. You can see it. They land heavy. He can't respond. And Fury is not backing up. He's coming on. &gt;&gt; And right hand wobles. SHAZOR IS UP. WEAK LEGS. HE'S IN THE CORNER. AND FURY IS THROWING UPPERCUT AFTER UPPERCUT. AND CHOR IS HOLDING ON TO THAT top rope. Another uppercut lands. &gt;&gt; With all that weight and all that leverage of Tyson Fury, he can drive power home. &gt;&gt; Hey, let him go, boys. Let him go. Stay back. Stay back. &gt;&gt; If you is going to be on the ropes, GET YOUR HANDS UP. &gt;&gt; RIGHT OVER BREAK AND A followup head shot. &gt;&gt; Serious damage being done here in round three. &gt;&gt; Victor Lwood. looking to separate them as the veteran Chisora wanted to TIE UP. OH, GOOD LEFT HOOK. RIGHT UPPERCUT. &gt;&gt; BRUTAL PUNISHMENT being put forth by Fury. &gt;&gt; Fury landing all the right shots with a fighter in that position. Ducking down like that. The jabs and the uppers as he drops. Fury throws up. That long probing LEFT HAND CREATING A SIGHT LINE THAT DOES damage with the right. &gt;&gt; Lot of punishment this man is taking right now. Lot of punishment. &gt;&gt; He's a tough proud warrior is Chisora. Fury has great respect for him and he even comes forward with an overhand right after taking all that damage. Chazora showing that he will not give and he will still be aggressive. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he'll try as long as he can. &gt;&gt; That's what you respect about Derek Chisora. &gt;&gt; Fury looking for that RIGHT SHOT to end this fight. &gt;&gt; And he takes an angle and places a right hand to the body. &gt;&gt; As big as he is, it's always the movement. It's always the skill that impresses with Tyson Fury. A left uppercut lands and another one. AND DOWN THEY GO. &gt;&gt; A combined nearly. &gt;&gt; I don't know if he may have gotten his leg there. &gt;&gt; It's a lot of weight falling to that canvas right now. &gt;&gt; Oh, it sure is. 530 lbs of it. And it was Chisora who was on the bad end of it. &gt;&gt; It's not just the punches. It's what he does. Leaning on you, mauling you, being physical and bullying his opponents. &gt;&gt; You okay? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Give me that. I was feeling that. &gt;&gt; Huh? Okay, &gt;&gt; good. Listen, we need to keep our discipline. We need to employ that jab. That's the only thing that will back him up. You're succeeding with it. We need to do it more. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; Double jab. You got to give up. &gt;&gt; Poke him in there. Shoot down. Look your eyes like this. &gt;&gt; Fighting on cruise control. Standing behind that jab and just landing at one more thing. &gt;&gt; Lean up like that. That's a no no. is working tonight. Followed by overhand right. &gt;&gt; And those are shots that don't seem heavy, but we're ringing side and we hear them. Boom. &gt;&gt; Another big shot that tries to respond with. &gt;&gt; And those are the kind of shots that Jesus has been hit with all night. He needed a breather. He pulled Tyson Fury down. A lot of weight going to the canvas. Glad both guys are okay. &gt;&gt; Round number four. Right now to this point, Tyson Fury has landed 54% of his power punches. He landed 23 in that last round. Jazora opens up this fourth round, swinging to the body, &gt;&gt; sweeping with the right and the left across the belt line, probing with the jab to the body. &gt;&gt; Chasur should let his hands go. And you would say, well, he's going to open himself up to get hit. Well, he's getting hit anyway by not punching. So, you might as well get yours and try to land some shots and inflicts a punch. &gt;&gt; There's a short left hook that nearly landing. There was a right hand that comes in from Chazora as Chazora lands early here in round four. &gt;&gt; Don't care how long you've been in a sport should never get to a place where you accept taking punishment without a response. &gt;&gt; Fury with a much slower pace here in the opening minute of round four. Nice. &gt;&gt; There's that faint and then the jab. Sugar Hill told him the faint will open things up easily with Chisora. &gt;&gt; See the punishment on the face of Derek Chasor and in the body language of Chisor. &gt;&gt; Back to the jab for Fury. uppercut as Shazora came to the inside. You hear the corner of Derek Shora, the lead trainer, Don Charles, who has been with him for the majority of his career, complaining to the referee about the holding on the inside. &gt;&gt; He's doing his job. &gt;&gt; They know that Fury's going to tie up inside as he should &gt;&gt; and they're petitioning the referee to try to do something about. It's a lot better from Chisor. A because Fury took his foot off the gas a bit in this round and B because he's coming forward throwing more punches. They're going to go out fighting. Hook hook. &gt;&gt; That's what Chor does not need to be right there. Back against the ropes where Tyson Fury can line him up and land shots like that. &gt;&gt; Behind the jab, the right hand scores for Fury. A &gt;&gt; less offensively productive round for Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Another right hand comes in. &gt;&gt; End of four. That was a much better round. We need to do the same thing. But I need double jumps now. &gt;&gt; Crispy ones. Remember chevrons. Chevrons. Trust me. Keep touching that body. That body is soft. Believe me. Yeah. Good boy. We want more head movement. &gt;&gt; Chora's only shot is to land a big shot. And that is typically going to be the overhand right from Chisor. He hasn't had much success, but you see the effort. He takes the shot, he tries to land. He can't land because his opponent has an 11 in reach advantage. So, he can't hit the mark, but he needs to keep trying. &gt;&gt; That willingness though, that willingness is what Gary likes about having Chazora as his opponent tonight. &gt;&gt; Get through tonight and set up an undisputed fight against Alexander Usyk, who is here ringside. And if everything goes according to plan, we'll be in the ring with Fury after this. Round number five is Jorah comes forward again. Through four rounds, he landed 10 punches, nine power punches. Fury opponents land just 6.2 punches per round on average. So, 10 punches landed in that last round. The high mark so far in power punches for Chazora. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, Fury has landed 74 of 180 overall. Let's bring in Mark Regal who was listening into the corner of Derek Shora. Mark &gt;&gt; Don Charles, how do you make this right? How do you get even? He says, "We have to fight. We have to make Tyson fight at our pace." I don't know how you're going to do that with a guy with 11 in reach advantage. &gt;&gt; That is a challenge. &gt;&gt; Double jab right hand by Fury. right uppercut lands. &gt;&gt; You know, veteran fighters sometimes it's easier to take a punch than it is to use the effort to get out of the way. And that's what Chisora is in his career. He knows he can take a good shot. Doesn't mean he can't be hurt. &gt;&gt; So dangerous ducking low like that in line with that uppercut. And it's easier for him to take the shot on the chin than to make the effort to duck, put his guard up, and get out of the way. &gt;&gt; Good little man move from a big man right there, Tyson Fury. That step back short right hand. &gt;&gt; It amazes how many times we say that. &gt;&gt; A little man move for a big man. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; For a guy who's 6'9 and looks like a bag of milk, &gt;&gt; you got to respect him. That's a nightmare for any heavyweight having to face that. here showing a different look from the southpaw stands. &gt;&gt; We've seen him switch before off balance just on that exchange. &gt;&gt; That's a combination of age and punishment from this fight. The legs are not they're not there like you want them to be. They're not as sturdy &gt;&gt; as you want them to be. And often when that's the case, you'll see Fury lean on an opponent. &gt;&gt; It's exactly what he should do. &gt;&gt; Deal with my leverage. Deal with my height. Deal with my weight. &gt;&gt; Now from that southpaw stance, just flicking out that right jab. That was a much better pace. It's a little slower pace. Just what you want to do. Just keep touching and walking. Keep tapping and walking. &gt;&gt; Keep finding him right there. Right here. Just keep finding him on the body. It's all you can do to him &gt;&gt; on the shot. You got to throw his shoulders. &gt;&gt; Signature Tyson Fury move here. Flick. Flick. Blind you. Boom. That's the shot he really wants. And some would say that's an illegal punch. Well, on paper it is, but it's the referee's job to recognize it and to call it out. &gt;&gt; Gary has landed 30 of 106 jabs. He's landed 65 of 121 power punches, 54%. Round number six from this magnificent setting at a soldout Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in North London. Close. &gt;&gt; Southpaw jab, left uppercut, &gt;&gt; and leaning on it again. &gt;&gt; Shazora tries to walk him back. taking his sweet time to release &gt;&gt; check. There's that uppercut again. And three times Shazora tips. Fury views it as an opportunity to throw it. Right hand behind the jab. That was a blinding jab with the right hand falling immediately and then driving down a right hand and Shazora comes forward off of it and offers up a right hand of his own. &gt;&gt; Not really a two- punch combination he has to look out for. It's just the one. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Jesor is at a point in his career where he rarely throws two big shots because it takes balance to do that. He doesn't have that right now. He will come back with the one big shot. &gt;&gt; 38 years old and so many miles on the autoter. And now he turns. &gt;&gt; Has got to be looking for the overhand left. &gt;&gt; He's ducking down, looking high. &gt;&gt; Now he's back to the right hand stance. &gt;&gt; Jerry steps to him. &gt;&gt; Mark Regel, what are they saying in the corner of Fury? Well, Fury said he'd be disappointed if he didn't end it in six. I asked Suge, "How do you get rid of him?" He goes, "Get rid of him. This guy's tough. You got to set it up and bang away." &gt;&gt; That's what he's been doing. &gt;&gt; Jab landed flush. &gt;&gt; It's going to be the shot that doesn't see like a sneak right uppercut that just landed a few seconds ago. Typically, a shot that he sees, he can weather. He can weather it. He can absorb it and come back. But it's that shot that he doesn't see that might do the job. &gt;&gt; There's that double jab right hand again. You can see Fury shaking that right hand looking to sit on it. Overhand right sweeping and a miss from Chazora. A willingness but a miss. As the fight grows on that punch becomes slower and slower, has less and less steam on it &gt;&gt; and creates more and more of an opportunity for Fury. &gt;&gt; Yes, it does. There is just biting his time right now. &gt;&gt; He's not worried about points. He's worried about punishment. He's piling up the punishment round after round and you'll see him start to step it up in just a few rounds. &gt;&gt; Good shot there from that southpaw stance. The right hook. The feels like temperature is 38°. There have been notable outdoor fights in cold temperatures. &gt;&gt; But this as low as we've seen with a 17 mph wind feels like 38°. &gt;&gt; Tighten up on that right leg. You keep putting it behind you. The shots will be there. You get more leverage that way. All the shoulders. Don't worry about his arm right here. That's it. Bang. Bang. He's starting to work better on the inside with a little short shot. But get your leg up in here. Good. I don't know if I do that. You got too much space between. &gt;&gt; Fury has dominated in the punch stats. 121 to 49. Even more significant, 78 of those 121 landed are power punches. &gt;&gt; Bounce to his step here to open up round seven. &gt;&gt; It's also very difficult for a heavyweight opponent of Tyson Furies to deal with is the different looks that he gives you. One minute he's leaning on you, the next minute he's moving around, the next minute he's bouncing in place. &gt;&gt; It's a lot of different things you got to contend with when you face Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Just ask Deontay Wilder. &gt;&gt; Digs underneath with a left to the body and then mauls and leans and pushes back. Shora going to the body. There you go. Three hands. Open up. No problem. &gt;&gt; Right hand. Fury leaning on Chisora, draining Chasur, weakening the legs, every chance he gets in a clinch. Here you see him walking back again. That's intentional. &gt;&gt; Using the size advantage, the weight advantage &gt;&gt; in his favor. Let it go. Let it go, boys. &gt;&gt; There's that right hand from distance behind that 85 in reach of a jab. &gt;&gt; So much to absorb for Chisora as Fury goes southpaw again. flicks with the chicken wing right hand and then looks to fire that left uppercut as he does right there. &gt;&gt; Good combination that does damage in that neutral corner as we have reached the end of seven on a cold chilly night here at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in North London. &gt;&gt; There's not much in this one. Trust me, you're grinding away. Will we have a super fight against that guy soon enough? Alexander Usyk, the unified heavyweight champion, signing autographs ringside. We told you it feels like it's 38° with the 15 mph wind. You think back to the famous scene of Marvin Haggler against Mugabi when steam was coming off his head or when Sugar Ray Leonard used the blanket between rounds and Larry Merchant said, "Colder than any fight I've ever been to." It was 37 in Vegas when Lewis and Bruno fought in Cardiff, Wales. 52° &gt;&gt; and with the chill here, &gt;&gt; it feels like it's in the 30s. December in North London to see Tyson Fury and Derek Jazor. &gt;&gt; Round number eight. &gt;&gt; The oddsmakers had a total round over under of 6 and a half. They have Fury by knockout at minus 350. Will he deliver at this point? A &gt;&gt; lot of damage taken by Shazora. &gt;&gt; See Fury being the bully early in his round. &gt;&gt; Pushing Chor back once again, weakening, draining his opponent. I &gt;&gt; think Theory can stop this fight &gt;&gt; or get this fight stopped whenever he's good and ready. &gt;&gt; How so, Drake? &gt;&gt; By putting enough punches together where one gets through and Chisor goes down or goes out. &gt;&gt; It's not easy to get out of there, but he's certainly ready to be taken out here. He's tasted the power. He knows what he has. Obviously, this is the third fight that I mean just tonight. &gt;&gt; He's landed the shots. He's gotten the reaction from Chisora. So, he knows that his punches are BEING FELT. &gt;&gt; He can step this up whenever he's ready. &gt;&gt; Chor blowing the throw between those punches. You can see some swelling around his eyes, &gt;&gt; but willing to go after it with Fury. There's a big right hand that lands from Tyson Fury as Chazora ties up. Bad place for your bad place for Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Leaning against the ropes at the distance of Fury to do what he wants. Here comes that flick. When Tyson Fury bounces like that, he wants that flick. Right hand shot. &gt;&gt; These are big shots reigning in. These are head shots raining in. the thinning shots &gt;&gt; to sit this close to a man this big landing that flush. You hear it, you feel it. &gt;&gt; But Chor also has his back to the roof to help him stand up. &gt;&gt; Uppercut reigns in from Fury. Veteran move. Use the ropes. &gt;&gt; Those legs are not great. He needs some support to absorb those shots. Good right uppercut from Tyson Fury. might have been slightly blocked by Chasur &gt;&gt; and then across the threshold left up. There's a right uppercut again. Remember, it was a right uppercut that finished things at Wimbley against Dillian White. Chazora still to the inside going to the body. &gt;&gt; Fury's checking Chisora's temperature and then Chisora will come back with two or three big shots and Fury says he's not ready yet and then he'll go back to boxing. That got the crowd's attention. Fury says, "Well done, Shazora. Well done." End of eight. Okay. Give me the one. You know what? You're a hard man. Grind this up. All we got to do is stay keep your discipline. THERE'S NOT A lot going on in there. All right. Concentrate. Listen to me. Concentrate. You need to keep improving the jump. Whenever you throw it, it lands. SO, KEEP DOING IT. LET me throw some strength. &gt;&gt; The uppercuts have been the story for Tyson Fury tonight, Trey. &gt;&gt; Yes, this is the shot we talked about in the outset. Tyson Fury stuck to the script. You see those shots, short shots inside, blinded him right there. That's a mid mid-range upper, left upper. Tyson Fury knows the assignment and he's executing the game plan tonight. &gt;&gt; The game plan shows up in the compub box stats as well, tallying 113 power punches landed up 200 thrown. That's 56%. Typically, when you get this deep into a fight and the power punch connect percentage is over 50%, you are headed to a knockout win. Let's see if that happens against the game tough and spirited Shazora. That left hand went to the body underneath. Yeah, that didn't feel too good. &gt;&gt; No, it did not. &gt;&gt; Right hand up top from Fury. &gt;&gt; These shots that are bouncing off the head of Jes. They hurt &gt;&gt; and they stun fighters, especially the ones toward the top of the head. &gt;&gt; You know, you saw Chisora come in here with his kids. He's an older guy. He doesn't have to make a show of his heart. Sometimes guys have too much courage for their own damn good. &gt;&gt; He has plenty of that. &gt;&gt; Series of head shots rain in in the neutral corner right above us. &gt;&gt; At some point if Fury puts enough punches together, the referee's got to take a hard look at that because what's the point at this point? &gt;&gt; Right hand was slow and deliberate as it came in and a big left uppercut came back from Fury. It's also the responsibility of the corner to make that decision, too. This has happened before. We've seen this movie before in Fury Shora 2 in the 10th round. It's It's about that time. &gt;&gt; It sure is. &gt;&gt; He has just absorbed all night long &gt;&gt; and many upstairs like that. You get hit with those kind of shots and you don't have enough to return fire, it's time to go. It's time to go home. He's not returning much here deeper into this ninth round. &gt;&gt; There is blood coming from the mouth of Chazora. There is swelling, extreme swelling around the right eye. &gt;&gt; Those eyes don't look at Chisora. They haven't. &gt;&gt; This does not look good at all. &gt;&gt; His face is damaged. There's a big uppercut and he just pushes him back. Look at the face of Chisora. coming. &gt;&gt; Blood coming from his mouth as he gets to the end of nine. &gt;&gt; Get inside. &gt;&gt; Don't listen to him. This is 10. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Keep your hands up all the time. &gt;&gt; Keep your hands up. Okay. &gt;&gt; We're good. We're good. We're good. &gt;&gt; We're good. No, no, no. But we're good. We're good. Thank you. We're good. &gt;&gt; Keep your head on this side. &gt;&gt; You got to move your heads and keep your hands up high. &gt;&gt; Don Charles and Ian Newberry. Turn to the referee and said, "Oh, no. We're good. We're good. We're good." They're not on the stomach. Nice gold 10 coming up is &gt;&gt; this is round number 10. &gt;&gt; You would have to think Trey that referee Victor. We'll take a look very early here in round 10. &gt;&gt; He's looking and I think he needs to make a move. What are you looking for? You've seen enough. We've all seen enough. &gt;&gt; Let's see if Fury can close the show right now, right here. Another uppercut. Shazora fighting desperate to open up &gt;&gt; this 10th round. He has been completely outgunned. &gt;&gt; These kind of fights are more dangerous than a fighter taking one big shot and being knocked out. &gt;&gt; There is no doubt about it. &gt;&gt; These are concussive and subconcussive blows that you're taking from a man the size of Tyson Fury. That right eye is shutting out Shazora. Blood is coming from his mouth and he is being teed up. &gt;&gt; Heavyweight champion in complete control looking for a knockout late here at Tott. These trainers and assistant trainers got to be honest with themselves in moments like this in this fight. It's not about the backlash, the crowd or anybody else. It's about that fighter that you know won't quit. You got to help him out. &gt;&gt; Who is a caring husband and father? Mark, what are they saying in that corner of Shazora? &gt;&gt; Stopping this. &gt;&gt; He wouldn't even look at me. I'm sorry. Repeat that mark. &gt;&gt; I just went over to the corner said, "Are you guys thinking of stopping this?" He wouldn't even look at me. &gt;&gt; His fighter just ate a body shot and then another right uppercut. &gt;&gt; And Fury just walking him back, just leaning on him &gt;&gt; and getting ready to hand out more punishment. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the referee wants to make the move, but he doesn't want to make the move. He's looking, but he he's not stepping in. I get it. Chisora had one punch, but that punch isn't going to land and do any damage to Tyson Fury tonight. It's already landed. He's taking the punch. &gt;&gt; It's time to go home. Let it go. Let it go. Come on. Let it go. Fury can help this process out if the ref in the corner don't want to stop it by &gt;&gt; hitting Chesor with the right flurry to get the ref to step in therele &gt;&gt; right hand left uppercut that was glancing and that's enough Victor Walklin said listen one more combination it's over he got it Tyson Fury TKO victory in 10. A bruising, deliberately punishing night absorbed by Derek Chazora. He took such damage. Usyk arms folded. Three heavyweight belts on that man ringside after defeating Anthony Joshua. The number one heavyweight in the world. Millennial Heavyweight Champion in the ring celebrating a victory and giving respect to the veteran Chisora. Fury looked sharp tonight. I know it was against a battle worn Derek Chisora, but the shots he threw and the shots he landed, the punch selection, you you you got to see that, man. He He's He's very very very very good and still has a lot left in the tank. And I can understand why he doesn't want to walk away like this. And for Derek Trasor, I have great respect for Trasor. It's time to walk away. If you love the sport, do be a part of the sport another kind of way. But this isn't it because your family is not only watching this, but they got to deal with the aftermath. We go home. They stay with you and they got to deal with this. It's time to pack it in. You've gotten a great opportunity on the way out the door. Go enjoy your family and enjoy the fruits of your labor. Two children ringside tonight for Chisora. Meanwhile, Paris Fury and his daughter and son, Venezuela and Prince in the ring with their father, their father, the 34year-old undefeated heavyweight champion of the world. &gt;&gt; This was a night that he wanted Usyk for undisputed status. Instead, Usyk said after doing what he did with Joshua, he wanted a rest for the remainder of this year. But knowing that his manager is the manager of Basilio Lachenko and shares a very close relationship with Top Rank and Bob Arum, it is expected that that will be an easy deal to now get made for an undisputed heavyweight championship fight as this crowd got exactly what they wanted. the spectacle of the energy of a Fury fight and then the outcome of a knockout victory. &gt;&gt; Man's going to be hard to beat anytime soon. We talked about this the last time we saw him at Wembley. With his size, with his skill, with his demeanor, and knowing the stage of his life he's at, of the tool that boxing is for him in his full recovery with mental health having been an issue in his prime. How do you beat him? &gt;&gt; Right? And I'm not saying this because of what he did to Josh tonight. We expected this, but I'm looking at all the things we talked about, the skill set, the punch selection, him coming off of the big fights where you survive something like that with Deontay Wilder and come out on the other side, you're going to be a lot more dangerous. And he still stands. &gt;&gt; Deontay Wilder is generationally the biggest puncher. Fury made brawls with him. Went down four times against Wilder. Got up and beat him down. And there's not a lot of guys in the heavyweight division that are going to do that to Deontay Wilder. Don't get it twisted. &gt;&gt; And don't be surprised if Deontay Wilder and what he's now doing in his career could come all the way back eventually &gt;&gt; very easily and we end up with a Fury Wilder for there's business to be done well before that with Alexander Usyk and &gt;&gt; the great respect that Fury has for Jazora. Fury was happy, by the way, that when the Usyk fight didn't happen and when Joshua's people shelled the very generous offer to give this opportunity and a big payday to Chazora. &gt;&gt; I respect that. &gt;&gt; He has great respect for him. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 51 seconds in round number 10. A referee in charge, Victor Lachland, had seen enough, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of tactical knockout. And still the undefeated WBC and lineal heavyweight champion of the world, the gypsy king, Tyson Fury. Here again.