Kind: captions Language: en Okay, gentlemen. We went over the instructions in the dress room. I expect a clean fight. Those trunks are good there. There's the line. These are a little high. You can work right there. Touch gloves now. Go back to your corner. &gt;&gt; The short &gt;&gt; good little &gt;&gt; work there from referee Chris Flores marking the low blow designation. And Charlie Suarez was supposed to fight Andreas Cortez, the undefeated contender, a battle of undefeated contenders. But Cortez withdrew last week due to illness. And here we are with Castanetta stepping in &gt;&gt; at the last minute. F just 20 days ago. He says, "I'm still fresh. I'm in great shape, &gt;&gt; ready to take on any challenge." &gt;&gt; This ain't no soft touch. Castanada, I mean, he's gotten some upsets. &gt;&gt; Yes, he has. you know, in recent history, he can fight tall on the outside. He possesses a a beautiful right hand and a nice left hook to the head and also to the body. And he can also fight inside the pocket, but he has been vulnerable early. You know, I'm wondering if Suarez is going to try to get to him a little bit early. He's been caught cold. He's a bit of a slow starter. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the active duty first lieutenant in the Philippine Army represented the Philippines and they live. That's a nice overhand right from Suarez, the 36y old contender. Right out the gate, I just I want to let you know that Suarez, every time he jabs, he tends to drop that back hand, you know, or he opens that back hand up. Again, like I told you, Cass Castanada has a left hook and he knows how to time that shot very well as he's coming in behind that jab. So look out for that left hook from Castanada. &gt;&gt; Most of Casini's fights have been in Laredo, Texas. Here he's coming to Arizona just couple states over. &gt;&gt; That right hand there from Casta. &gt;&gt; Well, Casta is going to be looking for the left hook, but the right hand he's going to have to worry about because Suarez now is starting to find a home for it because Casini, what he's doing is he's jabbing from a little bit too close. He needs to take maybe a half a step back and start off there. Be a little bit safer to be able to exit after he jabs. &gt;&gt; It's a nice once again. &gt;&gt; He's along the ropes and he's getting complacent. &gt;&gt; And Tim, we talked about the long reach of Charlie. It's 67 1/2 in compared to 70 for C. &gt;&gt; That's not normal. &gt;&gt; That's not normal. And and and that's weird because he can hit you from a further distance. He's the shorter man tonight, but he also can stay low and get a nice work there from Charlie Suarez. Hit that sheriff star on the front of the trunks of Castano who told me I was recently hired by the Laredo Sheriff's. I start the academy in October and I started boxing at the web county pal gym at age 8. I saw how instrumental those sheriff's deputies were. Now he's on oozy legs after a great combination from Charlie Suadis, but he doesn't go down yet. Biting down on that mouthpiece and showing some grit right now. Maybe one of those punches, those last punches that landed woke him up cuz he was on his way down. Casteda holding on right now. He's not he's not tying up. He's not moving. He's not doing what's necessary to allow this fight to continue. If I'm Suarez and I got him along the ropes, I'm opening up. &gt;&gt; Great first round for Charlie Suarez as he could to get Katana into trouble. Here it is. He just flicked the jab right out there. Throwaway jab just to close the distance a bit. Land that right hand and the combination to fly afterwards. Nice attempt to follow up. You see that first initial shot right there. We just got Cassinetta to look at it. The throwaway right left hand right there. Then a right-handed come across. You see the legs of Cinetta start to buckle, but you see him start to get his wits right away. That shows us that one he's he's he's in very good very good conditioning and also he has heart. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's coming off of a body shot second round stop at Javanel Hernandez on August 31st in Texas. So he told us, "Look, I just went back to work. Took a few days off and went to the gym, got some good sparring in, and I have the conditioning still." Nice left hands now from Castella. Staying at range, Tim. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's going to have to stay at range. And and even if he's at range, he got to deal with him. 74 in reach of Suarez. Suarez really reactive, you know. Uh, what I mean by that is is that, &gt;&gt; you know, when this opposition is letting his hands go, he knows there's opportunities to be able to land. So, he might block a couple of them, but he's going to come right back. So, if you stay in range, he's going to be on you. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; There it is right there. Yep. &gt;&gt; Again, he also has long arms, too, so he can his setup is a little further out. He doesn't have to step all the way in with his shots to close the distance on you. Cast is going to get ate up by that by that right hand all night. &gt;&gt; He sure is. And and Saw has already proven that he could do damage with it. Nine knockouts and 17 victories for the Filipino. &gt;&gt; Step back, &gt;&gt; first lieutenant in the army. &gt;&gt; But again, Cenetta Cassinetta does have some pop and he definitely needs to be respected. So pay homage to your defense as well after your offense. If I'm Suarez, that's what I would be doing. I'll be make sure I take care of my defense afterwards because he can land a shot in between those shots or in between those punches and he can hurt you. He has some pop on those punches. Yeah, he's got 13 knockouts and 17 victories. Good uppercut. You see how right hand dominant Suarez is. He can also switch southpaw, but after what we saw with Alan Garcia getting caught off the wrong guard, they want to hold off on that big upset earlier tonight. There's a nice overhand right once again. A straight right from Suarez. &gt;&gt; It was nice in the way and he just followed him out because Kasanga just keeps going going back in straight lines, keeping his head directly on the line. &gt;&gt; And as dependent as Suades is with the right hand, I mean that left hook is open for him too as Castella's looking for that right. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's trying to set it up now. He now he's going low high to try to confuse and disguise that shot over the top. He just can't miss with the right hand. Oh, not at all. Good with that. &gt;&gt; Oh, left uppercut from &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he and he changed the combination up. Instead of coming with the one, two, he came around with the left hook and the right hand down the middle. That uppercut. &gt;&gt; 10 seconds. &gt;&gt; Good creativity by Suarez this round. time. &gt;&gt; And Suarez is staying home now. He's He's not backing out at all. He's staying low. And again, he's activating those guards. Anything that touch those guards, he's gonna come firing right back. Says, "I I'm capable of boxing." does Castanetta, but I love to brawl. Well, today you better start boxing cuz Suarez knows how to fight and he's making Casta pay for his early mistakes. And look at that. Look at that right eye of Casta. &gt;&gt; Starting to swell up. Oh, that was a low blow as he was being pulled down. That's a straight right hand. Can't miss with that. How about that jab from Suarez? &gt;&gt; Left hook now from Suarez. He's landing some clean shots on Castanetta who's proving durable. &gt;&gt; Two of three losses of Castanetta have been by stoppage. So Oh, that was a nice left. Both connected simultaneously, but Suarez has got the best of it. Nice body work. &gt;&gt; Let him go. Yeah, Sarah is taking advantage of Casinada as he lunges in. Sometimes he overextends with his punches and he falls in &gt;&gt; and that allows Suarez to just dig downstairs and work that body. Doesn't really have to do much. &gt;&gt; No stop. Step back. Don't punch. Good &gt;&gt; that time right there. Box &gt;&gt; Suarez. &gt;&gt; Nice little disengage, but he wasn't ready for the offense to come back. And that time, Kasina followed him out with combinations. You know, Suarez did most of his camp on the military base out there in the Philippines and then finished up at the wild card gym. &gt;&gt; Nice pass from Suarez. That's on his back. Five 6 7 8. You good? Come to me. Let me see. You get your hands up. Let me see. You want to go? Let's go. Let's go, box. 40 plus seconds left for Suarez to finish the job. And that's exactly what he does with that flurry. And Castella gets up. Referee Chris Flores understands that he's in no condition to continue. What a performance from Charlie Suarez. He was supposed to face fellow undefeated contender Andres Cortez. Tim, he did not allow himself to have a let down when his big fight fell through. &gt;&gt; No, absolutely not. I mean, he knew that he was in there with a real guy tonight. Short notice fight, but however, they do their research. He held that right hand at home, made sure that left hook didn't get inside, and he just took advantage of the holes of the taller the taller casting. It's crazy because he was landing the right hand. He was getting them used to the right hand. Go ahead, get used to that right hand. Get used to that right hand. And then the change up. He comes with the left hook, comes around the guard, lands directly on the money, and that was all she wrote. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And you see the face of Castella. His right eye started to swell after he was hurt in that first round. And uh Tim, let's take a look at the first knockdown of the two here in round number three. &gt;&gt; First down. See, see his legs for a minute. He knows exactly what he's looking for right there. He just flashes the right hand. &gt;&gt; Flashes the right hand. &gt;&gt; Comes around with the left hook. You see the back hand drops. And another man, listen to me. Stop dropping the opposite hand when you're trying to load up for a shot. That's exactly what happened in last fight. And that's what happened right here. But nice followup right here with the finish. Just nice little shot right on the tempo right there. Got his legs wobbling. Got him in trouble. He knew it. Following up. Just following him out. Taking advantage of him while his hands are down. That's beautiful work. Great accuracy right there. And way to follow up after you attack. If you miss with one shot, you can still follow up because the other shot can land. That's what he did right there. You miss with one shot, but the followup is what got his man and took him out. However, dropping the opposite hand, I'm going to I'm telling you, that's exactly what he did. He was loading up for a left hook and he got caught with a left hook. He dropped his back hand in the first knockdown. Boom. Dropped his back hand. Left it open. There's the right hand. Back hand. Left hook. All right, let's listen to the official time of the stoppage here in the third round for Mark Shook. Ladies and gentlemen, here inside Desert Diamond Arena, Glendale, Arizona. This bout comes to a conclusion at 2 minutes 22 seconds of round number three for your winner by technical knockout. And now the WBO International Junior Lightweight Champion, Charlie Kings Warrior. 11 I mean 10 knockouts, 18 victories for Charlie Suarez. Just showed up at the Fabella gym the other day out there in Southern California cuz he said, "I got a fight coming up. I need some work.