Kind: captions Language: en [cheering] &gt;&gt; Down goes Coria. Nice left hook there for Brian Norman. The young man from Atlanta. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; The fighter out of Georgia, Dre, all business. Just like his father was all business when he was in the ring at 168 lb. Now this young man is doing it at welterweight, trying to pull off the upset here in Turning Stone in New York, but Norman going straight to work with the body shots against the southpaw. Lands a nice right hook on the inside and he's got Coria pinned and then he's punishing him. Coria ready to go down, but he just won't. Norman landing some heavy shots. Anything you can throw as a fighter, he's throwing it. Uppers, overhand rights, left hooks, body shots. And he's not just throwing them. Yeah, he's not just throwing them, Dre. He's landing them and he's landing heavy. Shout out to Louie out of the RGBA Academy and there you see Norman landing a nice uppercut and now Coria letting his hands go. He doesn't seem flustered. He doesn't seem frustrated and he's barely breathing. So he didn't punch himself out in that first round. So he's doing what he's supposed to be doing. And Norman now starting to shoot his shot. Nice overhand right and then left. And there's that answer, Dre. Yes. He saw Shu Shu Carrington earlier. He understands what's at stake for him and wanting to take that next step in his career. But that's what comes with it and that's what you said you wanted. So now you got to step up. And now he is stepping up. He's walking down Coria. Proved that in the first round and they're continuing to prove that. And the guard of Coria, you know, is making Norman Jr. work. Now the tide has turned in favor of Coria. Let's see what kind of answer Norman has as he lands a nice left hook. All right, three clear rounds for each, one swing round and this last round, which we'll have to see who comes out on top as Norman was opening up and now down goes Coria. &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; Third time being knocked down as a professional and can he finish how he started as Brian Norman Jr. has an opportunity against a hurt Rodrigo Coria. Never been past round seven has Brian Norman Jr. until tonight and he's showing that his power carries as he once again sends Coria to the ropes. &gt;&gt; Yes, he does. All in favor of your winner by unanimous decision, BRIAN "THE ASSASSIN TWO" Norman Jr. So the difference was a little bit [music] more than just that single eighth round, but it was a closer fight had it not been for that knockdown. &gt;&gt; Right. Brian at Norman Jr. against Jesus Perez. Nice combination up top and then gets caught up with a few shots, but some that landed behind the head there from [music] Perez. And I do like how he's getting everything started with the jab, with that lead left hand, establishing that [music] early and using it to set up the right hand, which we do know has the power. That top that head grazing with that shot and the left hand he's he has done a good job of varying it up. And Perez is playing his part, pressing forward, taking the shots. Like that. Yeah, throwing his own shots. Norman with a nice left hand to the body. A nice body shot gets in from Norman there and then there's a counter big shot from Perez. Jab and then answer with Norman that right hand right under that left elbow. There's the body shot. There's a nice left hand that gets in from Norman. Ooh, nice left hand. All in favor of your winner by unanimous decision, Brian "The Assassin Two" Norman Jr. And Brian Norman Jr., your winner by unanimous decision, improves his record now to 24 and 0 with 19 KOs. Brian Norman Jr., the 22-year-old against Quinton Randall. Norman trying to jab as Randall tries to connect with the same punch and you see that pressure that Randall puts on Randall. &gt;&gt; Norman puts on Randall and Randall's just calm, cool, collected. See, but this is where this is where Norman wants to work. He wants to work in close. He likes mid-range the inside to be able to work his offense. See right there he's using a high guard right there. Nice little stab jab downstairs, changing And that was an attempt right there to catch Norman on the way in with the right hand. Nice body work from Norman with a right and then follows up with a left hook to the head. It's just the intensity and just working his hands of Norman &gt;&gt; Hands free. Hands free. that's getting the best of Randall. Stab right down to the body. Nice jab there from Randall. That was a good shot. &gt;&gt; A left jab? Good right hand. We invite you to join the ESPN Bet Family. Nice left hook there for Brian Norman. He woke up. All in favor of your winner by unanimous decision and now the WBO International Welterweight Champion, Brian "The Assassin" NORMAN JR. Brian Norman Jr. improves to 25 and 0. Hopefully a learning experience for this young man as he turns 23 years old on Thanksgiving week. Norman is a six-year pro, turned pro at 17 years old. Dad was a pro fighter. Now he's 23. He's coming in this fight full of confidence. He feels that he has more experience than Norman. Which he does to a certain degree. Norman had an extensive amateur background. He comes from a fighting family. His father was a fighter. Oh, good right uppercut on the inside from Norman. Punching between punches there. This thing's getting rough right away, Tim. &gt;&gt; And it will. It will get rough because what's at stake, Tess, the world championship is at stake. Look at the pressure being put by Santian. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Boy, it's a good scrap right now, isn't it? It's going to be a dog fight tonight. The belt is on the line, Tess. This is what both fighters been waiting on their entire life. Santian, he's an 11-year going on a 12-year pro. Norman's been looking for that uppercut on the inside, that right uppercut. Two-punch combination. Closes the gap, splits the guard with the right hand does the Atlanta native. Look at the short shots on the inside by Norman. Yes, his back is against the ropes, but he's just shorter and precise. He has a shorter arms in this fight and he's able to land those nice crisp shots on the inside right there. Nice little pull down from him as well. Just trying to keep Santian off balance. Can already see redness and bruising around that right eye of Santian. Oh, look at that. Maybe even a cut developing there. Right uppercut underneath. Norman's gone to that a few times early on here, Tim. See, Santian trying to overpower him right now. He's not using He's not using his brain. He's trying to overpower Norman. Norman's too quick, too smart. He's eluding a lot of that offense. His positioning, Tess, has been way better, much better than Santian. Santian is just straightly coming forward. That's all he's doing, just coming forward. Not doing anything creative. Whoa, that's a beautiful shot. &gt;&gt; a straight left hand. That power backhand from the southpaw can do something, though. You do hear the reaction, but I you know, the the judges can be influenced by that, but if they're top judges, It's good job by Norman fighting out of that corner. &gt;&gt; Yes. Short right hand on the inside and they traded. Boy, it's a fun fight to get your night started before we have our final fight. The judges can't see him working out. Good uppercut on the inside. &gt;&gt; It's good work. This is a back-and-forth round. Referee Ray Corona confirmed that that was from a clash of heads and Stitch Duran told Bernardo Osuna that he had it under control. AND NOW BRIAN NORMAN as he buckles the legs of Santian. A minute to work here in round number eight. Half a minute to go as an uppercut, a right uppercut and then Norman falls in. Another uppercut, Santian tries to trade back, fire with fire here. Oh, powerful left hand. Santian stands up to it. Big right uppercut. Oh, that's a big round for Brian Norman. Round number nine. He [music] took big punishment as we look back. He going to stop him. That's a That's a broken nose, It's a broken nose. Look at this mess of a face from Santian. Oh my goodness. With slick blood-soaked gloves, look at the shine on them. He's hitting them with kill shots at will. Big right hand from Norman. Next level stuff from Norman right here. Trying to stay undefeated. Oh [screaming] my! I MEAN, HOW BIG WAS THAT SHOT? ANOTHER UPPERCUT. BRIAN NORMAN TRYING TO WIN HIMSELF A BELT. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; The young man from Atlanta. Oh! Oh! Wow! &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; That is how you end it. You want blood and guts? You want action? You want power? It strikes here thanks to Brian Norman. He had him dancing. Just control right here. Stand [music] at the right range. There it is. You see that lead hand control? He set that up. Just created enough space for himself to be able to land that combination, that right hand right there between the guards. With that uppercut, he sees him leaning forward. It's just target practice from here, Tess. [music] And that finishes the end of the fight. Folks, line it up, put it down. Here it comes. Oh my goodness. Just coming around the guard right there. Oh, that uppercut, lead uppercut. My goodness. &gt;&gt; Watch the reaction of the upper body. Watch the reaction here. Never saw it coming, Tess. Watch the shoulders and head. &gt;&gt; OH MY GOODNESS. OH! OH! AND THE FLEX [music] RIGHT THERE AFTERWARDS. My goodness. YOU WANT EYE candy from the fight game? Eat this. Man, oh man. I mean, Timmy. That's unbelievable. That's You know what? That's like an instant You're an instant star tonight. [music] Honestly. &gt;&gt; Watch in real speed. tonight with this performance. Just soak it up, folks. And that's how you win a belt. And now, the WBO interim welterweight champion of the world, Brian "The Assassin" &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Norman Jr. You're going to be seeing those highlights for a while. Who can you WHO CAN YOU TRUST? WHO DO YOU TRUST? Brian Norman Jr. This fight was supposed to happen on November 8th. His first title defense against Derek Quevas, who's been away from the ring himself for 16 months, but [music] he was not going to risk a fight that could put this world title opportunity against [music] Brian Norman Jr. at risk. Hand left hand surgery for Brian Norman Jr. [music] Fully fit, he says, "For the first time since I was an amateur, I feel that I can throw both hands with power, and [music] that's what I plan to do against Derek Quevas." When you're in there with a mean fighter that has a mean left hook as well and has knocked out many of his opposition. He hits that? Yes, like that. Norman has to keep that right hand glued to the side of his face. Hold that phone up because that left hook from Quevas could come out of nowhere. That's right to the body from Brian Norman Jr. Nice good left hook. Oh, he hurt him with that shot, too. You see the legs of Quevas buckle just a little bit. Oh, and there he goes down. That's the power. Impressive how Quevas was able to stay on his feet. Now, can he do it for the next 20 seconds? So, you see the confidence, the power, the explosiveness in the punches of Brian Norman Jr. The first defense [music] for Brian Norman Jr. in the white trunks trimmed in gray and orange. The challenger, Derek Quevas, out of Puerto Rico with the black trunks trimmed in gold. Look at Norman. Smart, extremely smart. Watch this how he sets it up. Trying to faint him now. Derek That Oh, he hit him again. Once again, you see the legs unsteady of Derek Quevas. And he's landing them high on the temple. That's why you're seeing the legs buckle a bit. High on the temple. Derek, let me see your eye. Stop. Stop. No punch. That lead left hook once again from Brian Norman Jr. Yeah, but he stepped back out of range right there. Just a little off the mark. There That one he stepped into. Nice swivel jab right there. Oh, there it is. Partially blocked. Oh, that's a lead right hand. Quevas in the back of the corner. Three. [cheering] Four. Five. Derek, look at me. Six. Seven. Eight. Derek, look at me. He don't want to be here. Stop it. He don't want to be here. He done. Look, the body language and the reaction from Derek Quevas said it all. He was hurt earlier this round, and this [music] combination sent Quevas to the canvas. And even though he got up, Tim, there was no intent to continue fighting because [music] he did not answer the instructions of Thomas Taylor. He took some solid shots. Norman right there, [music] check hook. He saw his man loading up for a left hook of his own, [snorts] Yang Quevas. That's his favorite punch as well. [music] Norman just staying disciplined, keeping his feet underneath him, not lunging, just making him pay as he comes in. Check this out. Boom, and this is the finish right here. Doing a good job good job right there going around the guard and then coming in with a swivel jab right there to create that knockdown. [music] But that left hook right there, that's what started everything. [music] Coming around that jab. Good swivel jab right there &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; to send Quevas to the canvas, baby. &gt;&gt; And under the top rank banner, Norman's become a true boxing TV star, delivering thrilling fights and highlight reel stoppages nearly every time he steps [music] through the ropes. And because you're tuning in live from every corner of the globe at every hour imaginable, you don't need me to tell you that this matchup against an even [music] younger and equally exciting knockout artist has all the makings of a potential fight of the year. For Norman Jr., it's just just clean technique. Everything he does is exactly the way that somebody should. Hands [music] pop right back to the defensive &gt;&gt; Right hand and left hook. Is this going to be a knockdown? I believe so. A left hook landed. A more aggressive Norman stalking Sasaki. Combinations to the head, right hand by Norman. LEFT RIGHT COMBINATION DOWN GOES SASAKI FOR A SECOND TIME. HUGE COMBINATION by Norman. Sasaki Thomas Trying to get himself back into this fight the only way he knows how. Thundering left to the body, right left uppercut by Norman. Sasaki in real trouble. Huge left by Norman. A left right and that fast clubbing right hand to the top of the head of Sasaki. He still has his wits about him. Big right hand by Norman again. Sasaki fighting back, but taking a ton of abuse from the champion here in round two. Norman pressing the pace. Huge body shot pushes back Sasaki. Another body shot by Norman. He's a champ, though. Norman turns the tables, though. Starts hammering and hammering and bludgeoning Sasaki. Huge power from Norman. Sasaki will take it to the corner. Still upright. The ropes holding him up somewhat. Norman pouring it on. Norman Jr. just so calm in these exchanges. Knows he has him hurt, but doesn't overextend. Just relies on his crisp and clean fundamentals and he's really putting it on him here. He's really hurt. Will taking the corner, backing up and staggering. He's taking huge abuse from Norman. And just no change in the body language from the champ either. He's so calm in these situations. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's Sasaki staggering backwards. Sticking out his tongue saying, "Let's go. I want more." Well, he's going to get more. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Very Norman Jr. putting on a show and making a statement here in Tokyo. Sasaki fighting back. Another huge clubbing right hand. Left hook behind it. Right hand up top. Showing his world class level. &gt;&gt; And a right straight down the middle staggers Sasaki back. A right hand sweeping right hand connects two to the chin of Sasaki. Huge right hand sweeping past the guard of Sasaki. Another clubbing right and a clubbing left. Left hand at the bell. From Norman, another huge right hand. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Good body shot BY NORMAN. OH! LEFT OH, HE'S OUT COLD. OUT COLD. &gt;&gt; A GIGANTIC LEFT hand by Brian Norman Jr. &gt;&gt; No farther counting. Get the doctor. Unbelievable knockout.