Kind: captions Language: en This is Abas. Welcome to the gym. Let's get a little workout in. you know, the fighting for the belt. Uh, I know Sanders Sai, you know, he's a good boxer. He's a a good talent, but that night is experience. It's not talent. It's experience. his uh reputation, his focus, his discipline, his everything and our have everything. &gt;&gt; Xander's eyes versus Abas is the most 50-50 match up made at 154 lbs right now. Abos's pressure versus Xander's real good movement, high volume is going to really be the stylistic matchup that we're going to have to look out for. And if you haven't watched the boss fight yet, you know, you're really looking at a fight that you're a contender. You guys haven't won this video. &gt;&gt; Of course. Going for a unification. How can you not have fun? You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Great. So far, it's been on point. You know, it's a big opportunity. Can feel it in the air. Everybody's on on point. Coach is on point. You know, I've been showing up doing the work. Hallelujah. Ah. What did you tell him uh in the 12th round of that TS fight cuz it was close and he &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; he did he did what he had to do in that 12th round. What did you say before? &gt;&gt; No. Uh I was afraid you know I was thinking about it that we are fighting in his house is Germany you know and he has everything against to him but he said yours I am winning I don't care if I am fighting because I I am fighting all the all my fight is outside Germany &gt;&gt; fighting in enemy territory feels uh feels like just fighting to me it Doesn't matter where the fight is. Uh I learned to fight on the road and uh you know, as long is, uh in the boxing ring, I feel like home. A lot of people counted him out ahead of that fight. And it was pretty interesting to see, you know, kind of just, you know, all the media after the results, you know, kind of just swarm a boss and stuff like that. And it was interesting because, you know, that was a great performance. Savas really, you know, just put on the constant pressure on Telis, really swarmed him, made him, you know, really tired towards the 12th round. And, you know, that last second knockdown really sealed the deal. Ah! I think you That was it for the day. Thank you guys for being here. Watch me collect the bells on January 31st in Puerto Rico. Let's go.