Kind: captions Language: en You know, Shush's been talking about this for so long, you know what I mean? And um you know, trying to prove to himself and to the world that he deserves to be there. Um he's had his hook up hiccups along the way and he's fixed them. So, here's the opportunity to go and see what we can do against and what who's different. &gt;&gt; I think about winning so much, but also I have the same amount of thoughts of losing like but the thoughts of losing motivating you to win like that this can't happen. like it cannot happen. I refuse to lose because when I think about losing, I think about all the things that I miss out on, all of the the notoriety and so things I work so hard for and things I sacrifice. Like I cannot lose. This is like I have zero room for any type of mistakes. I have to win. This is a must. This is a must. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh it'll be some uh some boxing training, doing some drills. Nothing too crazy. I got spawn in the morning, so something to just, you know, grab a little sweat, you know. Nothing too crazy. &gt;&gt; There you go. How about this? How about this? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Turn the light here. I &gt;&gt; mean, you know, I mean, I always tell people, man, in the back alley of a of a liquor store or restaurant, you know what I'm saying? Give us the lights, give us the belt, we'll fight. So, you know, it really doesn't matter, but it makes the story better, you know what I mean? Um, to come home and, you know, do it in front of people that watch him grow up as a kid. You know what I mean? Really, really watch him grow up and be a kid. I think this is uh those that never ever could make a fight, they're going to make it now. You know, just to see it's like, wow, I watched Sushi from 8 years old all the way up, you know, become Golden Glove Champ, National Champion, become an Olympian, you know what I'm saying? Then get the opportunity to go to Olympics, but now they get a chance to go sit down in the guard, you know what I'm saying? The mecca of boxing and watch City, you know what I'm saying? Become great, become a world champion, God willing. Yeah. Twice body shot back. Block the right. Block the left. This one. This one. Okay. Getting good. This is his time. &gt;&gt; He's reaching about 80% in camp cuz you never want to be 100%. So he reach 80. The other 20 comes on fight night. He looking real good. And it's not just about the outside. His spirit, his fighting spirit is up there. He looking very good. And he's feeling good. That's all that matters is up here. It's not always the outside. Come on. Shoot the body shot. SHOOT THE BODY SHOT. THERE YOU GO. SHOOT THE BODY SHOT. UPPERC CUT RIGHT THERE. Uppercut right there. THAT HOOK. COME ON. Three steps. Shoot. Come on. Shoot. Come on. That was you. Come on. I feel like I'm faster than Carlos Castro. I feel like uh I'm more versatile with my style. Feel like I have a better IQ. The only thing he has over me is experience. But you know when a guy like me, you need more than experience to be dude like me. &gt;&gt; I know you move. You move. Always move. &gt;&gt; Work work. World title. Big body shot. TURN OVER RIGHT THERE. THERE YOU GO. Keep your elbow close. Do it again. Come on. Come on. COME ON. SHOOT. COME ON. RIGHT THERE. COME ON. TIME. That's you. &gt;&gt; His opportunity is right on time. He's at his He's not at his peak, but he's in the peak of his prime years, you know, and now is the time. &gt;&gt; I think that college, he's had this opportunity before, you know what I mean? So he knows how it feels to, you know, not become a world champion. So he's hungry. But Shu never ever seen that. You know, he's been denied so many times. So I think like what he has is that drive, that hunger, you know what I'm saying? You know, to stay undefeated, but also become a world champion against a game opponent that's faced defeat before, is going to come in there trying to get a second chance to get a world title. Okay, &gt;&gt; this fight definitely going to put me on the map. I'm fight for a world title. It is it's I have no choice but to be on the map. You know, I feel like if I wasn't already, this is the this is the the crowning moment. You know what I'm saying? And uh I feel like at this at this time, everything happens the right time. Like it's been a lot of people doubt me, you know, like you know, making me like a number two guy or a lot of people other people getting their shine before me and stuff like that. And you know, but I feel like if I stay back and and and and keep working, everything's going to fall in line when it's supposed to, the way it's supposed to, and I'm going to get the biggest reward out of it. &gt;&gt; Set up camp. &gt;&gt; No, that not today. A lot of these fighters like to look pretty on camera and, you know, try not to look like they working enough to get tired and stuff and getting out of breath. This ain't games. Ain't this ain't this ain't for fun. We working to get tired so we don't get tired in the ring. Working my butt off. &gt;&gt; I'm well conditioned. I'm ready to go. Every day I leave the gym. Every day I leave the gym, I'm tired, putting that work in. Every single day, every breath, I give them my all. I'm better than I was yesterday and I'm going be better tomorrow. I I I know that I have the tools to make sure that this is going to be a a shutdown. It's not going to be just this back and forth fight or a close fight or nah. Like I'm going to really show the difference and show levels as to why I deserve to be a champion. Y'all going to see