Kind: captions Language: en What's up, Top Rank? Let's get it, baby. We're about 2 weeks away from the fight. Uh we're over here. We're going to get a strength and conditioning session in. Roll with me, baby. Let's go. [Music] How did we meet, Anthony Pettis? Yeah, Anthony Pettis, uh UFC fighter, legend in the sport. And uh you know, they got all the Olympians, they got all the athletes here, so you know, we got to be with the best, for sure. We have probably have the most hyperbaric chambers out of any other facility in Las Vegas. So, these are customized. I designed these myself. Um these have preset pressures that we use for recovery, um inflammation, and just overall wellness and well-being. If you want to be the best, you got to spend the extra 60 to 90 minutes actually recovering your body so you can reproduce that effort every single day. I got to do the sparring every time. So, you know, all the damage that I do put on my body, uh you know, my last fight was 42 seconds, but you know, the 9 weeks of training and putting work on my body, you know, it takes a toll. So, we're here and uh definitely getting there, for sure. I'll be taking my naps in there. I say this with all respect to everyone that I work with, but there's very few people with the level of discipline that he has at a young age. You know, I'm used to working with uh people in their careers, maybe like the last third of their career. So, to to grab a hold of someone that's nearing the peak of their career, I think is an incredible opportunity for myself to to help him. And I'm only here to make him, you know, 1 to 2% better. He has an amazing skill set. We want to stay injury-free, and I just want to add that little bit of an edge to him, and most importantly, just that mental refinement. I think that's the most most important thing every athlete goes through. Everyone's got to cut weight, everyone's got to work out hard, everyone goes through adversity, and being able to deal with that, I think is the delineator of being good to being great. My last four fights have been with uh Shawn, and they've been knockout highlight reel performances. So, um you know, we we do everything necessary to make sure we're uh ready to go in all aspects, and you know, uh Shawn's the man. I'm doing everything necessary to be one step ahead of my opponent. This is, you know, I'm picking up another belt, another belt that's going to put me in line to fight for a world title. So, I'm a I'm a I'm going to be double champ, you know? So, uh I'm excited about it, and all this puts me closer to becoming a world champion, man. Got to do what we got to do. The only thing left to do is to do it. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I need all of them. Give me my belt. [Music] I got to have it. [Applause] [Music] So, today, cuz we're nearing like the end of camp, um that's when I increase the uh cardiovascular endurance quite a bit. So, we're going to do full body warm-up. Um we've got a pretty aggressive like uh concentric, eccentric, and uh isokinetic workout that I I'm on some special equipment. And then after that, we have uh probably 8 to 10 rounds on the on the bike. I usually build them up to 10 to 12, cuz even though he's knocking people out in the early rounds, we don't get used to that. Like I said, there's going to be one day where someone's going to challenge him into those deep rounds, and I want to be completely prepared for him for that. So, we never skip on the conditioning. [Applause] [Music] Come on. Let's work. Work. Work. Four more. Work. Again. Come on, man. I want to uh we're going to alternate. Alternate. Box. Box. Box. Okay, remember the short contact time, okay? Yeah. Eight. Nine. 10. Two more. One. Two. 10. One more. Yep. Yep. [Music] 10. Come on. 10. Nine. Yep. Woo. [Music] Jonathan Montrell, he fought uh Tiger Johnson, he went the distance with him. So, you know, obviously he's the strong, sharp boxer, counterpuncher. Uh this is what we've been working on, man. So, all I got to do is go out there and uh look phenomenal. If God wants it to go to the distance, then we go the distance, pick it up another belt, and if I can get him out of there, then you know, that that uh is definitely a statement. We're doing 30 rounds in the boxing gym every day. Like on some Pacquiao [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know? So, I just take things from different fighters. I saw an interview, Floyd said he was doing 5 to 7 miles every day. So, I'm doing 5 to 7 miles every day. On Saturdays, I'm doing 10 miles, you know? So, I look up to these fighters. [Music] Okay, 20 seconds, and then we'll have um about a minute to recover. Okay? I'll actually have you get off and walk a little bit. Three, two, one. Here we go. Max effort. Come on. Get your watts up above 650 watts. Seven. Come on. Last 10. Push. Come on. Let's work. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. Slowly wind down. Slowly your heart rate down. [Music] Three, two, one. We're live. Come on. Push. Come on. Get those watts up. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. Come on. Three, two, one. Here we go. Let's get those watts up. Let's go. Eight, seven. Come on. Push yourselves. Five. Push yourself. More. Three, two, [Music] Take a take a slow lap around the building. Just walk. Walk and clear your mind. Thank you, buddy. Going to be ready. Let's go. We're ready for Team 20 rounds. Come on, man. Running 5 to 7 miles every day, three to four training sessions every day, getting in my recovery, getting everything. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ain't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me. I promise you. They think that it's a joke. They think that oh, Vargas don't work hard. I work for everything that I got. Everything. You know what I'm saying? Of course, I'm humble enough to know that I wouldn't be here without my father to tell me everything I know, how to be a young man, how to fight, you know, and how to have discipline. So, we're in here, we're grinding, man. The sky's the limit. How can you steal the show on the 15th of the month? I truly believe every performance that I put on, God already wrote. You know? The way I'm getting these guys out of there, uh that's God, not me, man. It's just that star quality, that favor of what I pray for every Sunday. Um that's what it is. People see me fighting like, wow, that's different, you know? And obviously, I put in I put in the work. Um I have the best job in the world. I um stay in shape, eat clean, go run, go train, go hit recovery. You know? So, I dedicate my life to this sport. I don't play around. I don't cut no corners. This is what I do. I eat, breathe, and live boxing. That's what I do.