Kind: captions Language: en How cool was in the Super Bowl halftime show? &gt;&gt; It was huge, man. Uh it was definitely a blessing. It's something that you can't even dream of when opportunities like that come along, especially in a training camp like me getting ready for this fight. Uh you got to learn how to juggle, you know. So, uh God gives you these opportunities. You just got to capitalize on them. So, I'm very grateful to Bad Bunny. I'm very grateful to uh Remis. I'm grateful to my my lawyer, everybody involved. It was uh it was history for sure. My lawyer called me. I was in the hyperbaric chamber. Uh he told me Bad Bunny wants Xander eyes and he wants Vargas, you know. So, you know, just hearing those words was something really special. You know, to me bunny, uh, playing dominoes with him, uh, real real humble dude and, you know, he he is playing in the Super Bowl. So, came up to me, came up to Xander, shook my hands, looked me in my eyes, uh, like another human being, like a man, and it was, uh, definitely something that I'll remember for the rest of my life. 2025. It was it was exactly what God wanted, you know. Um, you know, we went three out of four fights for knockouts, so you know, they were quick. My last fight I think uh really gave me a lot of experience from the full tank with a real real strong solid guy and uh you know that's what it's about. I'm not going to put every guy away but at the end of the day I'm going to take uh that adversity even though I won every round and uh learn on the job and and learn how to manage rounds and learn how to go the distance you know because uh at the end of the day I'm only 21 years old and and I'm learning on the job still. &gt;&gt; It's a phenomenal year you know I mean we fought four times and so hey man Top Ring knows what they're doing. they they keep a a fighter busy and um I think it's a it's a good thing. &gt;&gt; Staying in the gym is always a great help. Uh always being, you know, amongst the right people. Uh always, you know, staying in shape. I was in shape all year round and I still am, you know, that's just the the way I carry myself. So, I just think that uh makes it easier for me to pick up the phone and and if they tell me they got a a fight day for me, I'm ready to go. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'm fighting uh Augustine Kintana. I think he's a great fighter. I think uh he's been up in in there with some great opposition. I think a lot of people are going to uh you know look at this fighter and definitely say okay that was a step up and uh you know he's getting ready for a fight for a world title. So uh after this fight I definitely want to look into a former world champion and keep on moving up to a world title by the end of this year and uh just keep on climbing. But I know I can't get to that if I don't get past uh Kadana. So my my eyes are set on him. I know he doesn't care about no Super Bowl. I know he doesn't care about no prospect of the year. Uh right after I won that, I ran 10 miles. Uh right uh you know, for the Super Bowl, I made sure, you know, we were getting our 12 rounds in with three different guys the day before. So you know, we were working. We we continue to work and uh you'll never catch me slipping ever. So uh you know, we're going to go out there and we're going to perform. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you know, he's a fighter is a step up, you know, and this guy's you know, he's a business. He he beat Mark Castro. He's a, you know, great little talent himself. And so, you know, we we're ready for it. You know, we worked hard extremely hard and and uh we're ready for what we need to do. I love Phoenix. Phoenix Laigera, you know, there's nothing like uh the Mexican fans out there, fans in general. You know, even when I was fighting at 3 p.m. uh you know, under the Navarete or the Oscar Valdez cars, the fans would come out super early. They would come out to see me. it'd be packed uh for the prelims, you know, which people don't see a lot. So, I really want to thank all the beautiful fans out there. Hey, hey, hey. Oh my god. Hey, hey, hey. What are your predictions for the place? &gt;&gt; What are my predictions? Uh, pain. &gt;&gt; Like uh what's the name of uh Mr. T? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Pain. Pain. No, I think that Milano's going to end up stopping him in like late rounds, but I do think that this guy, you know, he's the real deal. And, you know, I we we trained uh very hard for this fight just for so that could look amazing. And so, um I'm very proud of uh all the work that he's put in and and he ain't never complain one day. Um, let's go, baby. To all my fans, thank you for all the love and support. We're going to be there the 28th of February. Do not miss it. You know, this is going to be a hell of a show. I can't wait to show out for all the beautiful Phoenix fans. Uh, you know, you guys came out there when I was fighting at 3:00 p.m., 2:00 p.m. early, and now, you know, obviously I'm part of the main car. So, don't miss it. Don't blink. and uh you know, keep tuning in, baby. Let's go.