Kind: captions Language: en Okay, gentlemen. &gt;&gt; Schedule the box 12 rounds. I'm going over the rules in the dress room. I expect you to obey my commands at all times. Most of all, protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck. &gt;&gt; The mentality of Vincenzo Gualtieri is to be respected. He said, "I understand Jeanbeck is a strong fighter with excellent punching power, but we're in the top level now, and I will only fight fighters who are good. That's what boxing needs. Stop hiding behind the O. Go out there and look for glory." And that's what Vincenzo Gualtier and Jeanbeck Elim Hanala are trying to do here in this middleweight title unification. The power of Alim Khanala in the green trunks trimmed in red against Il Capo the boxer Vincenzo Gualtieri Gualtieri has an interesting style. It's untraditional you know right now he's fighting in an orthodox stance but he also could fight in a southball stance. He is a left-hander as well. &gt;&gt; How'd you prove it Tim? Well, what I did was I threw my pin across the table during the fighter meetings and he picked it up with his left hand and I said, "Ah, you're left-handed." Makes a lot of sense. You hear Johnny chants. You hear Ilapo chance as well here in Rosenberg, Texas. See that lunging right there? Janbec's going to make him pay right there. He took a picture, a picture right there of Gualtieri going over his back leg, bringing his back leg forward and squared up. The uppercut will be coming sooner than later. And both have vicious uppercuts because that's the punch that Gualtieri dropped. Eska Falca in his world championship fight to win the world title his last time out. But his power does not compare to Jeanbeck Alimhanula. &gt;&gt; Well, he caught him and he heard him because it was a punch he didn't see. It came from underneath. You know, the uppercut. Gualtieri is reactive. So, if you put enough pressure on him, if you're close enough, he's going to release those uppercuts. And they're quick, they're accurate, and to the point. &gt;&gt; The other thing that Guieri tends to do is walk with his hands low. And you're seeing it there. For moments, he picks them up, puts them out as earmuffs, but there's opportunities for Jeanbeck when he walks like that with those hands low to connect. Good defense there from Gualtier easy. Get those hands back up as Aliman was shooting that right. But that jab and the left cross get in. There it is. &gt;&gt; No, this round Janex is just taking his time. Taking his time. He doesn't feel threatened at all. He's bagging up Gualtiieri even with his faints. Valu area has definitely felt that power and he doesn't want to get hit cleanly. That's the reason why he's playing defense right now. He wants Janbeck to wear down just a little bit so that way he can start working. But Janbeck is so good with his range. So good with his range. Takes a half a step back right there to land that left hand. Alteri trying to go Alim Connelly into making a mistake as Jeanbeck misses with that long uppercut. Thinking he's nare for a second. Round one of this middleweight title unification is in the books. In our fighter meetings, Jeanbec Alihanala told us, "You haven't seen the best Jeanbeck because I haven't seen the best opponent. None of my opponents have been on my level tonight. Vincenzo Gualtieri wants to change that in this unification bout as one of these two men will either go back to Kazakhstan or Germany holding two belts to right now he's looking for an opportunity to to rush in to get close to close the gap right now. Janbeck right now is holding his ground, using his jab, using that up jab, trying to split the guard of Guatiieri. You &gt;&gt; saw the promo for October 28th. The baddest man on the planet, Tyson Fury or Francis Enanu. One is the lineal heavyweight champion. The other the MMA champion at heavyweight. Tonight, we're going to find out who the baddest man at 160 lbs is, Alim Khanala or Gualtieri. Janek now is looking for that uppercut. sitting on that back foot, keeping his head back towards his back foot and he's looking to entice Guier. He wants him to get a little aggressive. Guier is not taking the bait. He's taking his time. &gt;&gt; Guy understands his identity as a fighter. But that uppercut from Jeanbeck follows it up with a left to the liver. &gt;&gt; But Guieri also threw an uppercut, a right uppercut right in between. Just slipped past the head of Janab. He's got to make Janbeck respect him because if not, he's going to walk right through him. &gt;&gt; Well, what Janbeck can do is pick up his jab. Both fighters can pick up their jab. You know, that space in between, there's not much going on. Those are opportunities for you to to to win that battle to give your opponent something. Get him to worry about something. Then that way you can land your counters like that. See, flick jabs. Flick jabs. Throw some bait out there. You want him to try to commit and counter and just lay a trap for him. &gt;&gt; Nice body shot from Jeanbeck. Go straight to the solar plexus. That was nice right there. I like that right hand and the quick forward shift by Guatiieri to get in the inside and land a few shots. See, South Park versus Orthodox, you know, a lot of times you hear about the left foot, the left foot outside, the left foot outside, lead foot dominance. Yes. And a lot of a lot of times you don't hear people that they say, you know, don't move to your right. You can move to your right when you have the proper space or distance. There's not a problem. You you just can't move one way and be predictable. You know, you can you can move both ways. But again, it's all about having the right range, being outside. &gt;&gt; But you mentioned in your lab, Jim, as you see that double jab from Alen Panala, how good the Kazak fighter is at closing those gaps. And that's the challenge that Gualtier is facing here as round two comes to an end. Top rank boxing on ESPN. All right. When you get a south pun, an orthodox fighter, Tim, you were explaining the importance of that lead foot and Jeanbeck's already using it to his advantage here early in this fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but sometimes your your feet get too close, you step on the foot of your opponent. Now, I don't know if that was purposely done right there by Jan. It was twice in a row right there, but I I would assume that it was probably done purposely &gt;&gt; after the second and the third time. &gt;&gt; I would think so, Tim. &gt;&gt; Yeah, keep your man still &gt;&gt; there. Now, Guanteri says, "Oh, I can do the same thing with my big old size 12." &gt;&gt; But you know what happens though? So, you step on a man's on the fighter's shoe right there. As you keep seeing Janbeck doing, you see the referee's not paying attention to it. Now, what happens is if Janbeck hits him with a shot, but it's not a clean shot and he goes down. Now, that's unfair. &gt;&gt; That is. &gt;&gt; So, the referee has to pay attention to that. There is no instant replay here. &gt;&gt; So that was the counter counting. &gt;&gt; So Tim, that's interesting because it could happen that &gt;&gt; it looks like a knockdown, but it actually isn't and it's counted as one. But John Beck finally lands that left uppercut after doubling up the jab as Brian Valoria, his new trainer, asked him to do right before round three. &gt;&gt; Again, Janbeck is is staying patient, but now what he's doing is he's countering the counter. So he's getting a he's getting a flick jab out there, flicking it out there, getting him to look at it, and he knows that that Guateier is trying to counter. And when he does counter, he makes a miss, and then he comes right back with his offense. So a lot of back and forth right here from Janbec. You don't get to win 300 amateur fights without having boxing skill. And when you have power like Janek shows there, it gets overlooked. &gt;&gt; Yep. And right now he has Guatiieri a little spooked. He doesn't want to commit. Guiieri usually will commit. Janbeck is too good at controlling the distance and he doesn't want to walk into anything. But there's going to come a time where Gualtier is going to have to sell out because he's losing these rounds. And when he does sell out, that's what Janbeck is waiting on. He's waiting on him to sell out and get over aggressive so that way he can catch it with a kill shot. &gt;&gt; It's pick your poison against Jeanbec Alimhanala. Do you want to slowly be punished or do you just want to be sent home quickly? &gt;&gt; Yes. And right there, Janbeck was just catching him in the slip, actually catching him changing positions, going from the south off to the orthodox stand, squaring up. And Janbeck was waiting on that. That is something that you work on in the gym. And that was something that he alluded to in the fighter beat. He said, "Oh yeah, when he's in this switch, he's not set. I'm going to catch him." You see a little bit of swelling and some bruising under the left eye of Vincenzo Gualtier here early in round three. And it's that jab that's just doing damage. It's a piston that Alimhanala sticks out there. It's not just a measuring jab. Back inside the Fort Bent Epicenter, Jeanbec Alimhan and Vincenzo Gualtier as we start round four. Mark Quel, your unofficial scorecard after three. &gt;&gt; I don't want to break too much news, but I got it. Three rounds to none for Janovic. This might be an actually interesting fight, but for one thing, &gt;&gt; we got to throw some punches. There he goes. &gt;&gt; Well, is the one who landed not only a left cross, but also a body shot. So, Alimhan, when Guy tried to open up, made him pay. &gt;&gt; Shoot. I I mean I thought that uh Jamal Charlo was bad. My goodness. Jim Arnold. What is up with these champions not coming to fight? What is the problem? Come to fight. &gt;&gt; You think Gualtieri didn't come to fight? You mean &gt;&gt; I I mean he's trying right now. He's trying to survive. He ain't he ain't fighting. &gt;&gt; Well, Johnc's going to say I'm going to make sure you don't finish this fight on your feet. We knew Gualieri does not have the punching power. And when you mention the fact that you got to throw your hands, he's throwing 46 compared to for Johnny Alihana, that's just not going to cut it. &gt;&gt; What did I tell you? I told you for somebody's fool's goal. And right now, you know who's looking like fool's gold right now? Look, you can be a champion, but that doesn't make you a great fighter. You know, you can get lucky, you can fight the right opponent, they match you up right, you have a good day. But then when you get in there, there's levels to this game. That's what it is. And that's what uh Guantier is experiencing right now. There's levels. Janabbecks are level is levels ahead of him or above him I should say. Valier had 100 amateur fights. 172 of those. Johnny 37 losses to go with that. So you can see the difference in pedigree. Nice jab from Alim Hanala who's takes a left from Gualtieri and that should make him think look I can hit Alim Hanala so why not trying that count them shots are hard Bernardo they're sharp they're quick they're accurate they're on they're on the money and they sting see that's the Cuban style right there that's what you're seeing from Gautiieri with those hands down trying to be elusive trying to move his head the Janbeck is timing it perfectly with his jab. &gt;&gt; Oh, he hurt him with that shot. &gt;&gt; Shane trying to find his range, trying to find that moment to unleash on Gualtiier. And we talk about Janome making his punches count. He usually lands 36% of his power punches. Tonight, he's at 54%. And that is not a number that Elil Capo Gualtieri wants Jean Alanalu to be around if he's going to finish this fight on his feet. &gt;&gt; In the corner of Incheno Galieri, Frankie Salama said, "You're getting hit unnecessarily because you're not listening to me. You need to faint." And then on Jeanbeck's corner, Brian Valoria in their first fight together says, "Stay the course. Don't allow him to get on track. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because the the minute you give Guatei confidence, the minute that's when he gets confident, he starts letting his hands go, he starts feeling himself a bit. You know, you never want to let a guy gain confidence and fight his fight. And Janbeck is fighting a disciplined fight right now. But I want to see later on in the fight if he can step on the gas a little bit and try to get Guateier up out of there. Take a little bit more chances cuz Guateier is not a big big puncher. He's not a big puncher. You can use defense. You can catch and shoot. There's a lot of different things that you can do to mount your attack. &gt;&gt; But let's stay disciplined behind that stick. That jab is causing trouble not only under the left eye of Gualtier, but there's also a slight scrape on the bridge of the nose of Vincenzo Gualtieri. There's that jab and that left cross from Alin Khan. This is brutal. It is. This is brutal. Like you being a fighter in the ring, you got two hands just like the other man and you can't lay a finger on him. &gt;&gt; Demoralizing. Because when you take a risk, Alihan makes you. &gt;&gt; Yes. Brutal. You just know that you're outskilled and ain't nothing you can do about it and you're just trying to buy your time and get through the fight. Yeah, but here with Gualtieri, he understands he doesn't have the punching power to neutralize. Sometimes you can get beat a lot of rounds and you have that equalizer. Gualtier does not possess that in his arsenal. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're right. But I didn't have a whole lot of punching power either. &gt;&gt; WOO, THAT UPPERCUT HURTS. GUIER AS HE REELS BACK, ALIM KHAN IS IN FINISH THE FIGHT MODE. AND THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT HE'S TRYING TO DO HERE IN ROUND NUMBER FIVE. But what a great recovery from Guiieri. moved his feet, bought himself some time, &gt;&gt; trying to clear his head. He was buzzed for a split second. Baltier, he he's in shape because he's recovered quickly right now, but he's still not out of the woods. Janbeck looking to line him up again for a big shot. Berry finally see Janbeck got to stay still. What Janbeck needs to do if he wants to get this, he needs to stay in the pocket. Stay in the pocket. Weather the storm. look to punch in between the shots of Guateier because he gets wide with his punches. &gt;&gt; That uppercut is a damaging punch from Jean Beck Alam Hanala and so is that right hook to the body. &gt;&gt; Did you see that arm go down? That elbow tucked it real quick. &gt;&gt; Well, he earned himself another round here. Oh my goodness. Inside the Fort Ben epicenter here in Rosenberg, Texas. So new that we could smell the paint, but Jeanbeck is denting the paint. Beautiful jab. That's a pull. That's a pull counter right there. &gt;&gt; With that jab first, step back. Boom. Swept with the left hook with the right hook. Brought him right near that uppercut. Beautiful shot. That's beautiful stuff right there. You know, the those shots are not lucky shots. Those shots are set up and planned well before he actually lands them. Well, you've been talking about Ali Mhan setting up Walti since the first round, but he's paying it off here. And in the corner, Brian Valoria was telling Ali Mhan, I need you to follow up with that left hand. He's there for it. Just throw it. Well, what he said was is that he's stay he's stay he's no longer moving. He's staying there. You know, he's he's he's shielding up going into that high guard. And you can split that guard with an uppercut or a straight left hand. or stick the dra the jab triple time. &gt;&gt; I was pretty impressed with Valtier being able to recover from that left uppercut because it looked like he was going down just like he's about to go down now. He protects himself. He almost took a knee. &gt;&gt; He's never been down and he's never been stopped &gt;&gt; in his entire career. &gt;&gt; May change tonight, but he's showing the will that he said he had. But this is not the place you want to be against Jeanbec Alim Hanala as referee Fields is just about to step in. The next big shot that Alim Hanala lands on Guanti. I think David Fields will stop this fight. The legs are buckled and no reason to receive any MORE PUNISHMENT AS JEANBEC ALIMHAN IS THE UNIFIED MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD taking the IBF belt from Vincenzo Guieri. What they say? Light work, no reaction. That was good work right there. I told you it was going to be easy. Told you going to be easy. Janet Beck is the man. He's the man in this division. Now, now he has two straps. Now, will the rest of the division or I should say the belt holders want to face what they saw tonight? Well, Jamal Charlo say yes. No, he's got a fight coming up. He's tied up. How about the other champion Eddie Landilada? A slick mover, a South Pole. I would love to see that. &gt;&gt; That would be a style matchup. &gt;&gt; We saw what Denzel Bentley could do against Johnny Beckan. That's his toughest fight so far. But the power of Jeanbeck would be different in that fight. &gt;&gt; Yes, they will be. &gt;&gt; You see the celebration from the Jeanbeck Alimhala fans. Tim, let's walk through how Alimhan left tonight. Not in the judge's hands, but in his own. No, this is when how you systematically break down your opponent. Leman just took his time, setting up his jab, using his faints, just keeping Guiieri on the end of his punch, setting traps like that. I mean, he landed right there high on his head, splitting that guard handed high on his head. You saw the reaction. It's beautiful work. See that? That jab that he's throwing, he's throwing it up and in between the guards right there. He's blinding him and he's coming behind with that straight left hand, looping left hand right there, high on the head. And you see Guautieri ducking. You know the body language. Just look at the body language. He didn't want to be there. He didn't want to take any more punishment. And I'm glad that the referee stepped in to stop the action cuz it got could have got real ugly. That was how it ended. But Vincenzo Gualtieri took an uppercut that almost put him down. But it was the beginning of the end of this fight. Let's take a look at that one. Tim, let's see how he set it up. Stepped in behind the jab and what? There it is. Left uppercut. Perfectly timed. Just a pull counter. That's all it is. Flick, jab, pull counter. Caught him with the uppercut. Rush right in. Now the effect double impact. He's coming in bringing his weight in and he's setting him up for that trap with a loaded backhand uppercut. &gt;&gt; Boyc Alim Hanela in the zone tonight in his stoppage victory over Vincenzo Gualtieri. One man we said was going to leave this ring as the unified champion with all the hardware. That man will be Jeanbec Alim Hanala for the official time of the stoppage. Let's send it up to Mark Shinook. Ladies and gentlemen, here inside the Fort Bend Epicenter in Rosenberg, Texas, referee David Fields calls a stop to this bout at 1 minute 25 seconds of round number six. For your winner by technical knockout. And now the WBO and IBF middleweight champion of the world, Jellybe Kazak Alim Hanala. 125 of round number six. That is the moment that Jeanbec Alim Hanala will remember forever. The day he became the unified champion, following in the footsteps