Kind: captions Language: en You men have received my instructions. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves now, men. You're boxing at the bell. God bless you both. &gt;&gt; That's what's on the line right here. The WBC Bantamweight World Championship. The third title defense for Junto Nakatani and the first attempt for the young David Quayard. Christina Poncher and Michaela Mayor here with you. The Ayaki Arena in Tokyo, Japan. Junto Nakatani, the Southpaw in the green trunks with white trim. Claire in the white trunks with gold trim. You can already see they have a similar height, but the way that they have the way that they stand, the way that Nakatani stands with his with his arms far out, he really uses his height and his reach in a lot different way than Quayar does. Quar is listed at 5'8 and a half. So a half an inch taller than Nakatani, but Nakatani does have the reach advantage. And in fact, talking to Rudy Hernandez, he confirmed that this is as a professional the tallest opponent that Nakatani has faced, &gt;&gt; which are two very tall guys at 118 pounds. M. &gt;&gt; Yeah, extremely tall for that weight. But the way Quayrar's hands are close to his face, &gt;&gt; it's going to make it even more difficult to close that space on Nakatani. &gt;&gt; A nice left hand shot straight from Nakatani. &gt;&gt; Both fighters just pawing with their lead jabs. playard's first fight outside of Mexico. First scheduled 12rounder &gt;&gt; and a tall task for the 23-year-old who turned pro at 15. &gt;&gt; You can see Quay looking to shift to the left of Nakatani outside of Nakatani's jab hand. He's looking for the left hook to the body and the left hook to the head. Good little switch up there with the straight right hand. &gt;&gt; Finish with the left uppercut. A minute left to go here in round one. &gt;&gt; We knew this is how Quaar was going to fight. He has to put the pressure on Nakatani. You can't stay on the outside of Nakatani and expect to to land, you know, with that with that reach that he has and just the style, the countering style. He waits for his opponents to come in and he counters them on their way in. So Quer has to pressure him, but he has to be smart about it. And so far so good with that shift to the left. That roll out. &gt;&gt; Shot to the body with the left hand and then a chopping left hand as Nakatani finds a way to close the distance. Back to the stick for Nakatani. Doubling up on the jab. Solid left hand scores for the champ again. Back to the left hand. Good little uppercuts from Quay on the inside. &gt;&gt; Round one ends with another left hand. &gt;&gt; Round two of the scheduled 12 rounder. Rudy Hernandez saying that, you know, this is a very difficult fight. He's like, I do believe that we're going to see the best version of Quar tonight. That's what we've prepared for. We first want to neutralize him and then beat him. &gt;&gt; How do you think he best neutralizes Quay, &gt;&gt; Michaela? Oh, so to neutralize player, I think by keeping that perfect space, you know, they have being a male fighter, you have a little bit more time to sort of feel out your opponent. They don't have to rush into anything. He's keeping that perfect space, kind of seeing what Quay is doing, maybe getting the feel for it. You know, he's seeing how he's shifting to the left, trying to drop those uppercuts. He's seeing how to line up line up those shots, that straight left hand down the middle that's landing so perfectly. and then just slowly pick it up as these as these shots start to land and as he starts to get Quar's rhythm. &gt;&gt; Nice little short check hook on the inside there from Quar with his lead left hand and Nakatani again lands that straight left. &gt;&gt; Beautiful jab there for Nakatani as looks to try to close the distance and land a shot downstairs to the body with the right hand. Good hook, uppercut, hook, uppercut from Quayar. &gt;&gt; That hook is a key &gt;&gt; on his southpaw. Quar has a good strong left hook. He's already trying to utilize it and find a home for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, by far's best punches, his left hook. Go figure. Mexican with an outstanding left hook. It's going to be hard to land on someone like Nakatani who has the the reach advantage and who does box from the outside, &gt;&gt; but so far he's able to close that space. He is he is finding a home for the left hook so far. And a big left hook from Nakatani as well. His back hand again, it's not a straight left hand. He's sort of &gt;&gt; kind of looping it around the glove of player. &gt;&gt; 20 seconds left here in round two. And oh, catches him there with a good shot. Does Play Quar closing the distance, &gt;&gt; but Nakatani straight left. Has been a minor shot. &gt;&gt; Let him go. Let him go. Let him go. Rudy Hernandez telling Nakatani there that he's telegraphing his punches. So, I want you to bring in your shots a little bit more straight. They don't even need to kind of loop around. Tight, tighten it up and shoot your shots more straight as we get into round three. Christina Poncher and Michaela Mayer here with you. The WBC bantamweight world title on the line. What adjustments need to be made, Michaela? From the Quay side, &gt;&gt; you see Quayrar trying to &gt;&gt; mix up the hooks and the uppercuts, which I think is a good strategy, &gt;&gt; but Nakatani is just so good at keeping that space and he's so long and tall. &gt;&gt; You're a tall fighter for your weight class as you moved up. Did you like fighting opponents that were taller than you &gt;&gt; or did you prefer the shorter fighter? What what was &gt;&gt; So they both have their pros and their cons. A shorter fighter, you want to you really want to have good spacing. Someone like Nakatani is going to do good against short fighters because he's so good at keeping that space and the fighters can't get underneath him. If a shorter fighter gets underneath you, that's when they're able to close the space and they kind of they're you're vulnerable to getting hit. &gt;&gt; Um but with a longer fighter now they're open for a lot of overhand head shot, right? I I I like fighting taller fighters because they're if they don't if they're so straight up, they're right there and they're vulnerable for everything. Their body is fully exposed and their head is in the air. So, they're really available for a lot of different shots. &gt;&gt; And Junto Nakatani is a type of fighter fighter, excuse me, that has a lot of different punches in his arsenal. He's able to get knockouts in various ways. We've seen that throughout his career down to the body with the left hook uppercut. He does have the full arsenal. I don't think that we've had a chance to see everything that Quarrar, you know, has to offer. He did have a solid performance in his last fight that earned him this opportunity. He's going to have to step it up a notch here against Nakatani. Find the right distance that he wants to fight at because right now Nakatani is keeping him right at that mid range with that beautiful jab. Yeah, he's he's he's having some success, but nothing's landing 100% clean on Nakatani. I He's got to follow up with more than just two shots. &gt;&gt; He's got to pick up the combinations and be able to step forward just like that with four or five punches at a time. And then once he gets Nakatani up against the ropes, you know, that's not when you stop and pull back. You got to continue. And there &gt;&gt; body attack. Nakatani's got him hurt and he's got him down in round three. 5 6 7 8 Okay, put your hands up. &gt;&gt; And Toyar sees the canvas for the first time as OF AND HE NEARLY GETS KNOCKED OUT THERE. &gt;&gt; I don't know if he's going to get up here, Michaela. That was a beautiful left hook from Nakatani. And he doesn't. It's over. Junto Nakatani 30 and0 as a pro gets it done. &gt;&gt; He smelled blood and he went for it. &gt;&gt; He smelled blood. He didn't hesitate at all. He jumped right back on Quaar and followed up with that beautiful jab looping left hook that came from his back hand. It didn't go right down the pipe. It came looping around and caught Quayar right on the chin. Our referee in charge, Michael Griffin, reaches the count of 10 at the time of 3 minutes 4 seconds of round number three. He is the winner by way of knockout and still the undefeated WBC bantamweight champion of the world, Juno, Big Bangi. And still WBC bantamweight world champion Junto Nakatani gets the knockout in round three.