Kind: captions Language: en Protector mouthpiece. All right, gentlemen. You received the instructions in the dressing room. You know what I expect a good clean fight? Legal punches here for you. Legal punches here for you. Touch gloves to both of you. &gt;&gt; Tim, what does your son Malachi say? The atmosphere here is bus. &gt;&gt; They say bus now. It's no longer busing. Bus. [laughter] I'm old, but I mean, look, &gt;&gt; what's Keshan feeling right about now? &gt;&gt; He look like he's laser focused right now. And he's going to have to be. You see how big Limos is right now. Limos last minute stretches. &gt;&gt; If I'm Limos right now, I'm coming out and I'm I'm attacking. I'm attacking and I'm letting my presence be felt early. I want to make sure I land something hard while he's not warmed up yet. &gt;&gt; Came in at 155.4. He weighed 141.4 at the weighin. That's 6.4 lb above the weight limit of 135 because this is a title eliminator for Kan Davis. He's ranked number three by three of the world's sanctioning bodies. Everything's at stake in his hometown for Keshan Davis. And he's got a monster in front of him who is in shape. Tim, he trained for this fight. He didn't train to make 35. He trained to make 40 plus. Got it all. And you're already starting to see this is exactly what Limos has to do. And Keshan right now, again, just keep it smart. Keep it very simple. Don't get greedy with his combinations. One, maybe two shots at a time, but you see him right there going down to the body. That's another key. You know, you think that he had a tough weigh in. Check him downstairs. See what he ate for breakfast. See what he ate for lunch. Keshan going downstairs early in hopes it pays good dividends down the stretch. &gt;&gt; It's a nice up jab from Keshan Davis. As long as he uses his speed and his legs doesn't get into this type of fight where levels are going to try to rough him up again. That's the tie up I was talking about. You want to stop your fighters momentum from coming forward. The opponent's momentum, you tie him up. You close the gap and you tie them up. Nice exit right there again from Davis. Lemos landed a nice body shot there on the inside. Look at the back of Lemos. is huge tonight. Now, Keshan is used to sparring Terence Crawford. He's used to sparring his brothers who are 6 foot plus, Keon and Kelvin, but they don't have this type of build and put this type of pressure on. Not at all. You see Limos right there doing the smart thing. He's throwing. He's trying to anticipate where Keshan's going to be. You saw that right hand. Keshan was moving to his left and you saw him buzz it right over his head. Olay, Olay, Olay, Olay. Oh, nice quick flashy combination from Davis. And Lemo leaps &gt;&gt; and misses from far away. &gt;&gt; This round, great boxing from Keshan, keeping the fight out at distance where he wants it to be again and counter punching effectively. Again, right there though, smart move. Keshan just getting close and bumping, creating space for himself to be able to evade. Get off his head. &gt;&gt; Yes, it was. He stayed still. Limo stayed stayed home and he's going to go downstairs on Keshan. &gt;&gt; He believes he's weak there. &gt;&gt; The coffee box numbers stayed that in terms of body shots, both fighters, they go downstairs, but Lemos is a lot more effective at it. 45% of Leamos's landed punches are to the body, which is 15 above the average for the lightweight division. &gt;&gt; Under 30% for Keshan Davis. So that's part of the work that Leamos does. But if Keshan keeps him at bay with the quickness, that's his advantage. And Tim, the up jab has been &gt;&gt; his bread and butter so far through these first three minutes. &gt;&gt; Sean, only thing that he didn't do, he didn't counter enough. You know, when you get a a guy that likes a pressure like that, you got to counter him often to keep him keep him honest. I mean, he was slippery that round. He was able to evade and get off on the shoulders, but again, if he doesn't counter, &gt;&gt; but Lamos is going to keep coming forward. You got to counter as often as possible. &gt;&gt; All right, he was over by 6.4 lbs at the weighin. Leaves. Down goes Leos. Big boy or not, overweight or not? Beautiful shot. &gt;&gt; All right. Did he wake up the Argentinian lion or did he just show just how powerful and dominant this lightweight can be as he's playing matador for moments? Goes downstairs with a vicious RIGHT HOOK AND THAT LEFT HOOK PUTS HIM ON STYLE and face first on the mat &gt;&gt; and he goes reeling backwards. Don't dance too early now, Kean, because Lemos is still dangerous. But not if you can continue to land those powerful shots. And that's how you end the fight. Kean Davis said, "I don't care if he's king. If he comes into my house, he's going to pay the price." And four lovers pay the price. Second round knockout victory for Keith Shawn Davis. Get this man a title shot. Let's go. Making his mom on the crowd. Glad to see Lemos is okay. Tim vicious knockdown finish. I was just saying he wouldn't counter enough and then when he decided to counter he caught on coming in. You see he missed with that hook. Perfectly timed right hand as he's coming in. Double impact his momentum. He's coming forward. His own inertia. There it is. Took him that way. Boom. Go ahead. Let me land that right hand up right on the chin. Nice pull counter. Beautiful timing right there from Keshan. He saw that in the first round. He said, "You know what? I'm going to go back to that later. I I'm not going to make him pay just yet. But this the second knockdown right here in the finish going downstairs. Softening him up. Coming up top with a beautiful left hook right there as Lamos is shooting the right hand. Great timing. Perfect execution. My gosh. My gosh. Great work right here by Keshan Davis. And here's the end of the fight right here. &gt;&gt; Good combination. He knows he has his man hurt. &gt;&gt; Just following up short shots on the inside. That last uppercut right there. Woo! That was diabolical, people. That last uppercut right there, he didn't have to do that, but he did. He made him pay for those six lbs. &gt;&gt; The referee did not get there in time, even though tried. That was a vicious finish. He let everything, all the anger, all the doubt, everything that he had inside of him. And listen to the crowd as Keshan Davis is having the time of his life. Skills pay the bills. Skills pay the bills at the end of the day. Extra credit tonight for Keshan Davis for taking this fight. I told you guys at the beginning, it's a dangerous fight. He was had an uneven playing field, but again, he came through in tremendous fashion. This knockout was brutal for Lamos. I don't want to hear no excuses. I don't want to hear anybody put this performance down and saying that, "Oh, Limos is weight drained." No, he wasn't. He wasn't. He had an advantage. He was a junior middleweight tonight and he got knocked out by 135 pounder and Keshan Davis. He got deboed tonight. &gt;&gt; Debo. Skills [music] pay the bills, man. Look, those skills can overcome anything in that ring, man. And he showed that tonight. You talk about being fearless. You talk about taking on all comers. You talk about stepping into the ring and saying, "Look, I promised this fan a show." And Keshan Davis is [music] the definition right now of showed out. 135 lbs. Look, you can say whatever you want coming into this fight, but what Keshan Davis proved as he comes over to congratulate Gustavo Lemos is that he is a real player in this division. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. All right, Mark Shinook has the official time of the stop. Ladies and gentlemen, &gt;&gt; ladies and gentlemen, here &gt;&gt; ladies and &gt;&gt; ladies and gentlemen here inside Scope Arena, Norfol. Virginia. This bout comes to a conclusion at 1 minute 8 seconds of round number two for your winner by knockout and still the WBO Intercontinental IBF Intercontinental and WBC USA champion. HE'S YOUR VERY OWN FROM NORFOL, VIRGINIA. HE IS THE BUSINESSMAN KESAN DAVID. Let's go. You got it. Hey, bring it in. BRING IT IN. RECORD. BRING IT IN. BRING IT IN. YO, CLICK IT.