Kind: captions Language: en I guess they want me to take more time here. Right here is where we okay. Watch your heads. I'll give you your instructions in the dressing room. Shake hands and await the bell. Good luck. Good luck. Final instructions. Well, my referee, Dr. Lou Moret. What a great story Manny Pacquiao's life has been from abject poverty in the Philippines as a young boy, he lived in the mountains up until he was around 12, worked a vegetable farm, selling cigarettes in the streets of Manila. He was taken in by a military man, a former military man named Ernie who's now one of his bodyguards. Basically, Manny and his brother were living in a cardboard box. Rich, look at him now. That is a truly the rags to riches story. And Pacquiao, on top of everything, as he digs a first left hook to the body. He's a great guy to be around, a lot of fun to be around. Just a charming personality. Learning to speak more English. Yes, he is and he's doing quite well. He spoke English at the press conference &gt;&gt; know what he said his first words at the press conference in English? He looked out across the crowd, he said, "Have a nice day." And then let me plug my movie. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let me plug my movie. Velasquez is going to press. You can count on that throughout this entire fight. Well, he's durable and tough, he's aggressive fighter and he's actually moving Pacquiao back in the early going. But the one thing about Pacquiao and it is and many opponents find it surprising when they fight him cuz they don't really realize how fast he hits with that straight left hand of his. And you're just looking at it right there. Manny has great speed of hand. Great speed, great power and relentless. And he's one of the best conditioned athletes, I think, as far as the boxers are concerned. First round scheduled for 12. Both fighters in their history come out strong. The interesting thing about Pacquiao, as far as his condition goes, is he does not like to have a good time between fights. And he might party some and get involved in some other things, etc. But then when training camp starts for the fight, I mean, that's it. Velasquez Velasquez has gone the distance twice in his career, lost them both. That's territory he doesn't like to get in. Good left hook by Velasquez. That hurt Pacquiao a little bit. I think it came up high in the chest, actually. But it knocked him back. Velasquez looks good. in the ring with Pacquiao. They're talking to each other. Velasquez has drank some success here, moving Pacquiao back. Dangerous fighter, as we said. There's the speed of hand. Oh, look at the difference. A nice counter by Velasquez, but Velasquez serious business. Pacquiao throwing that right. They clinch. Many in the crowd already on their feet. [Music] Well, it can't be a boring fight if Pac the Pac Crowd really into it here at Staples Center. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you what, these two are dangerously close from getting a headbutt. Well, there was a clash of heads in there and Pacquiao shook his head, but no cuts open. Oh, they're coming together again. And Manny's prone to that. He charges in and out, darts in and out so often, so quickly. Final seconds, round one. Blistering fast first round here at Staples Center. Good right hand from Velasquez. &gt;&gt; with that right hand. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. [Applause] Velasquez staring Pacquiao down. No respect whatsoever. Velasquez looks like a guy who has fought southpaws in the past and knows how to fight them, which of course the lead right hands are very effective against the southpaws and he had a lot of success with Manny Pacquiao. [Applause] Don't wait on this guy so much. Don't let him beat you first. You You still need more head movement, okay? You got to move your head more. Cuz you you're too stationary, okay? I want more head movement. MY PEACE IN SECONDS OUT. I take a look There's that headbutt we talked about. You see Pacquiao was seemed to be affected by it. Remember he was cut Alan in the fight Morales fight. Yes, he claimed a loss on that cut. He couldn't see, he said. Velasquez going to leave himself open like that trying to make a statement and get popped. He needs to just focus on what he's got to do. A blistering fast-paced first round and we're going to see it throughout, I would predict. Come on, let him go. &gt;&gt; Usually it's just a matter of Pac Pacquiao's power, isn't it? You know, it really is, but Velasquez having over 50 professional fights, you're not going to phase him easy. No. He showed no respect whatsoever in the first round, staring Pacquiao down to let him know he's in here. He means business, he knows what he's doing. He's been in all kinds of wars against top competition. Pacquiao going to work. Hey, we've got a tremendous action fight here underway in the first four minutes. It may stay like this until if there is a sudden ending. [Applause] And right now Hector Velasquez is battling Manny Pacquiao on even terms and he is an abject underdog in this one. Beautiful right [Applause] Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Dr. Moret's going to have his hands full, I'm telling you. Right hand just missed over the top of Velasquez. That's going to be his most effective punch. And now we're Pacquiao checking. He knows what it's like to get cut on a headbutt. Look at Velasquez though, standing right there. Good body shot by Hector. [Applause] Pacquiao needs to punch in combinations. His one-two is among the best in the business. And he throws it often and usually with a lot of success. &gt;&gt; Velasquez got hurt. Yeah, he felt that one again. Right in the middle of his face. Right hand from Velasquez and Pacquiao COMING BACK. MANNY'S ZEROING IN, trying to do some damage with the combinations. And taking some, too. This is fun. This is great and he comes back with such ferocity. He constantly one-twos, his one-twos the whole night. I think I believe in Pacquiao does throw the best one-two in boxing. It's that right jab followed by the straight left hand. It's what stunned Juan Manuel Marquez in the first round of their fight. Now, Pacquiao backing off a second here, maybe to collect himself, Aaron. Just to take a breath. Well, here we go. &gt;&gt; There is an exchange. Hey, 3 minutes was not enough for them to fight that round. They wanted just a few seconds more. Great first couple of rounds. [Applause] You're a better fighter than him. Don't waste it. Don't waste your chance. [Applause] Do you understand me? [Applause] Pacquiao looking a little discouraged there in the corner as Velasquez is just not going away and looking at Manny as if to say, "Come on, let's fight." Well, you know what, Pacquiao never known for his defense, but what he tends to do a lot, Rich, he pulls back his head with it without his guard being up. I wouldn't be surprised if Pacquiao's down two first two rounds. I know you have it split, Rich, but I wouldn't be surprised if they gave that round to Marquez. I too have it split. Velasquez, excuse me. Velasquez has got a great poker face in there. Sure does. His corner telling him he doesn't even know how to fight. Well, he must know how to do something. He's beaten a lot of good fighters. Maybe not a classic fighter by any stretch of the imagination. &gt;&gt; He's not obviously a conventional fighter. He just darts in and out. Defense isn't a top priority. He's all offense all the time. [Applause] Manny working jab. Velasquez not as busy this round. You know, we got to remember Pacquiao hasn't had too many fights at super featherweight. So, Velasquez was not known for his power. When he does connect, it it looks like it affects him. Fight up. Break. Break clean. [Applause] There's that quickness of Pacquiao. Velazquez hardly reacted to that. Now Manny is beginning to get there with his straight left hand. And Manny can keep up this pace all night. And I know he's got his choice of gloves in there, the Reyes, I believe. Of course, that was a big bone of contention in the fight with Eric Morales. Right hand gets in. The speed of Pacquiao beginning to take effect now and beginning to tell. And he's getting to Velazquez in this round. [Music] Nice dig to the body by Pacquiao. Velazquez time seems a little frustrated. You know, you're not always going to get what you want in there in terms of style. You're going to take what you're given. Right hand once again. Pacquiao, so quick. Nice looping left hand. You know, and fighters go in against Pacquiao with a certain game plan, but when his speed starts to become an issue and his power starts to become an issue, totally throws them off and they get extremely frustrated. &gt;&gt; Yeah, plus he's he's just awkward enough to not be the usual thing that you train against. Pacquiao is getting on top in this fight now. Velazquez trying to work his way back in into the body. Velazquez is not reacting as well defensively as he did earlier, and he's not hitting back quite as often as he did earlier. 10 seconds. A solid round for Manny Pacquiao. Yeah, he dominated that round. [Applause] Julio Cesar Chavez Julio Cesar is here. Eric Morales hoping to someday become the second great Mexican to win in four weight divisions. Getting acknowledged by the crowd first, Freddy. [Applause] All right, now we take a look at the action in round three. Pacquiao came back. You see the speed? Velazquez could hardly react to that. He tried to counter there, but to no avail. And Pacquiao's speed of hand beginning to take control of the fight. And that's what makes his power even more powerful because you're not expecting it when you get hit by him. &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. He threw that beautiful uppercut and Freddy Roach, of course, asking him to follow up with the left hook. Round three scheduled for 12 from Staples Center in Los Angeles. Manny Pacquiao from the Philippines in the red trunks with the flames. Hector Velazquez is in the white trunks with the colors of Mexico. Left hand from Pacquiao. Right hand lead and a back. Velazquez fighting back. Velazquez, as you talked about, Alan, has been in with a number of great fighters. Uh he's beaten some of very good fighters. Uh he's been in there though with Robbie Peden, the current world champion, Israel Vazquez, a current world champion, Kevin Kelley, a former champion. He beat Raul Hebro Perez among the others. Julio Cesar Chavez he beat. Right, so he's accustomed to being in there with top-notch competition. He's really not fazed at this point. Wasn't from the get-go. Had a statement to make and hey, I'm somebody, too. But he's not as quick as Pacquiao scoring points. Big right hand missed for Velazquez. Julio Cesar Chavez here tonight. A number of other great champions are here as well. Martin Castillo is here this evening. Diego Corrales Diego Corrales, Israel Vazquez is here. So Martin right over here to the left of us. These fighters are very busy round four of 12. Velazquez, more urgency in this round four. Pacquiao not doing as much body work as we normally see. He's seeming to land that left. He's having success with it. He's just throwing it at will, but not having as much doing as much damage, I should say. [Applause] Pacquiao had a big advantage in round three and he is not building on it here in round four. [Applause] Pretty good right hand, but he hasn't thrown that uppercut that Freddy wanted. There we see it. Two hard punches inside right there. Beautiful right hook followed by When fighters fight him, they say that once you once you've already taken a combination, before you can compose yourself, he's got three or four more coming right behind it. I think that's what shocked Barrera when he when Barrera fought him. It was that never expecting that kind of fury to come out of Pacquiao. Pacquiao just got a left hand in. The sneaky punches, that lunging left. Velazquez, tough customer though. Keeps coming. He is. That's his He's a typical Mexican warrior, is what he is. Fights that same style. He's got some fight left in him. Nice round for Manny Pacquiao. [Applause] Come on, you have to be a little quicker. You didn't do He didn't do anything to you. [Applause] I got to get going with that jab. Doesn't even know how to box. Can't hang with you in the ring. He's throwing in a lot of really nice body shots out there. I want that body work a little more, okay? Watch his head, okay? [Applause] Throw the left hand from outside of that from the jab. Right down the middle. That's a beautiful body shot. Come back to the hook. Mario, how does he look to you, Pacquiao, between rounds and his demeanor, et cetera, as we watch this replay from You know, he seems a little frustrated and like I mentioned earlier, he's not being as effective to the body as he normally is. And obviously, Freddy is coaching him on that, but I think he's he's concerned with the fact that when he does try to go to the inside, he's he's had a couple big head butts. So I think because of the last fight, he does not want to get cut. So he's not being as aggressive as he normally is. Believe it or not. Velazquez asked for that. We're bending the rules here a little bit. &gt;&gt; Yes, a little bit. It's not ballroom dancing. [Applause] Beautiful combination landing right on the chin. Velazquez can take a lot of heat. And there's the three-four punch combinations after the one-two. He keeps them coming. And it's that high volume output that's such a problem. Manny Pacquiao, pride of the Philippines finding his mark more here in round five. You know, and Freddy Roach again wanting him to get in close and work on the body. And I since the first round, since he got that head butt, he hasn't really been going to the body as often for fear of getting butted and cut. [Applause] He's backing off now and Velazquez looks to me like he's allowing Velazquez to come in. I think he's trying to lure him into a trap. Just look at Manny. This is not the usual Manny fight. He waves to the fans. There's that what he's waiting to do. The energy is unbelievable. He just keeps them coming. Great combination. I'll tell you, that straight left is among the swiftest in the sport. Velazquez still moving forward. You know when you're in against Pacquiao, you got to take some if you're going to give any. Manny Pacquiao's cross in his case, a left cross. You normally think of the right cross, but in his case, a left cross really is is the textbook cross. I mean, that's how you draw it up. That's how you put it in the textbook. And you know, this is how you do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're exactly right, Rich. And the other fighters know it's coming. It just comes so often. It seems they can't do anything about it. Velazquez, pretty good right hand. He was pleased with himself to be able to land that now. Velazquez going to try to tie up that arm on the right side away from the referee. It's always on the side away from the referee. Savvy veteran &gt;&gt; for the veterans. [Applause] Velazquez not landing as many clean shots as he was in the first two rounds. &gt;&gt; A lot of starch has come out of him in the last couple of rounds. Not what he was the first two rounds. That's cuz he's getting hit a lot. It hurts. [Applause] Well, these rounds are just flying by. [Applause] You keep waiting for something big to happen. Manny really puts the heat on him, Manny. Always an exciting fight. He just keeps coming. And look of frustration Velazquez I bet he is. That was a legal blow. Legal blow to the cut. Legal blow. [Music] [Applause] How's your Tagalog, Rich? I don't know. They asked him Freddy actually asked him to translate for him. That's a beautiful move by Pacquiao. Beautiful uppercut. Very tricky. Velasquez was cut in that last round. Dr. Lou Moret, the referee, said it came from a legal blow. Here we go to round six. [Applause] Pacquiao looking for an uppercut right now in this round. Comes out smoking. [Applause] He'll even hit you off the break. You got to watch him. Freddy Roach wants Pacquiao to set Velasquez up with a hook and then come up with as he falls in, he'll set him up with the upper and hit him with the uppercut. [Applause] There's the hook. Where's the uppercut? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Velasquez still there, but slower now and appears to be wearing down to me. His best blows are the illegal ones right now. Those are at least the most effective. He's definitely slowed down, no doubt about it, and that's because the man standing in front of him hasn't. And he won't. Round six. Now, Manny Pacquiao can keep up this pace if they were 15-round fights. Beautiful shot to the body. &gt;&gt; a nice body shot. Another one. Referee just gave the warning to Velasquez to watch out with the elbows. It's going to get that way. [Applause] [Music] Manny commits to those blows, doesn't he? Yeah, he does. Everyone has a bad intentions. Combination. I still think Velasquez might be trying to gather himself for one big last hurrah here. One real big attempt to get Pacquiao out of there. He keeps getting hit. That's the only problem that game plan. Left hand, right hand. There's the hook. And he got a little woozy there. AND MANNY, GREAT FINISHER. Let's see if he can close the show. Left hand, right hand. Just unloading now. Velasquez in a world of trouble. Holding on, trying to pull down the shorts and then he throws a left hand at the end of all that. Pacquiao wants to close it out in the sixth round. Unleashed. Velasquez holding on. 15 seconds left. Can he hold on, Velasquez? 10 seconds. Time to get him out of there. WOW. WOW. HE'S GOT TO GET UP. He has to beat the count. He has to beat the count. Can't be saved by the bell. Does he want to get up? Oh, and it's called off. The doctor The referee stops it. He's also a doctor. Pacquiao just wore him out. Just punched him and just wore him down. Just a little too much for Velasquez. Too much for a lot of folks. For most folks. For the first two rounds, it looked like we might have an upset here tonight. But little by little, bit by bit Manny Pacquiao broke him down, dissected him and took him apart. &gt;&gt; what it is, Rich? That intensity is hard to match round for round. Maybe you can match it for the first couple rounds, but round after round after round, it's going to start to take its toll on you. He is certainly still among the most exciting warriors in the game today. Action packed. Here's the replay. Al, and he just beat him down, basically. What he did. Coming forward letting it fly. Velasquez now not thinking about fighting back, ending up going down. Referee did a good job even though he had to get Manny to a neutral corner, he started the count. Picked it up at three or four. I was wondering how long he's going to give him. That's just a That's just vicious. That's just a whole world of hurt right in your face. Velasquez, look, he's tough. But finally, he just absorbed too much. And there's just just just too many blows. I In fact, when he went down there, I really questioned whether he was going to get up. I think he was thinking about it here, really. Should I get up? Should I get up? Should I get up? Do I want any more of this? &gt;&gt; win this fight. [Applause] Yeah, he was reluctantly getting up. Ladies and gentlemen, here at Staples Center, Los Angeles, California Dr. Lou Moret, your referee, calls a halt to the contest following the knockdown. The official time, 2 minutes seconds of round number six the winner by knockout victory, he is the new WBC super featherweight international champion, Manny Pac-Man [Music] Pacquiao! [Applause]