Kind: captions Language: en right hand to the body there from Mayor. Nice right hand over the top. &gt;&gt; Mayer doing excellent work here on the inside and doing so quickly. &gt;&gt; Right arm. She had to go have a quick surgery to get it fixed. She says the hand feels 100% now. And again, Cara Rose has been that's going to make coach Cara Ro very happy. But if you're team Spencer, you want to see MORE OF THAT. &gt;&gt; Backed up by a nice right hand there. &gt;&gt; And that is the antidote. she has found to Mary Spencer's right hand is just to not give her room to throw it. &gt;&gt; Good combinations there from Mayor to finish the round. &gt;&gt; Finding her way inside whether she has to eat jabs or evade them and then letting go with both hands. This is vintage Michaela Mayer. They're all over Spencer right now. &gt;&gt; And there's the mayor jab getting there first. Big uppercut from Spencer trying to find that home RUN SHOT LIKE THAT. But she is eating massive left hooks from Michaela Mayer. Four straight just in the closing 15 seconds. We mentioned her wanting to sit down on her shots a little bit more. BUT I THINK THE ADDED muscle mass has enabled her to add a little bit more power on those hooks. You see the wide base when she gets to the inside. Look at that shot [screaming] has Spencer feeling it and rock backwards. &gt;&gt; Yeah, physically she's stronger than she's ever been. closing in on the final 30 SECONDS OF ROUND NINE as Spencer JUST GOT BUZZED BY A RIGHT HAND. &gt;&gt; AND that's something we maybe didn't expect to [screaming] see is and new WBA, WBC and WBO super welterweight champion of the WORLD [screaming] MAYOR. We are with the winner. And now h how many world titles is this now? &gt;&gt; A lot. A lot. Um I you know I've won the WBO before. I've never had the WBC WA put on my way. So that was an extra special title. &gt;&gt; So let's talk about the fight itself. Uh game plan coming in. Talk about that how it how it went for you. How you feel you executed tonight in the squared circle. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, usually I am the taller fighter, but um I also know because I'm the taller fighter, I train for how to beat me. And it's never good when you have a tall fighter, you don't want you don't want to let the fighter get underneath you, you know. So, I knew I had to come up underneath Mary Spencer and just come over the top with the big hooks. That's what we trained for. And you can saw me towards the last two rounds of the fight really landing those big right left hooks to the head um to sort of to finish the fight. A lot was made this week. We talked about at the press conference. What would happen after this? Would you defend at 154? Would you go back to 5 to 47? What would be next for you now that you'd had now that you've had a taste? Now that you've had a taste of 154, is that somewhere you feel comfortable you'd like to keep going or what's next at this point? Any any thoughts on that? &gt;&gt; I think the most important thing is I have options. That's great in boxing. You always want options. I came off two years where my career kind of took a left turn. Had to navigate my way back to this position. So having options is definitely a blessing. Um I have to go back and look look over with my team. I would love to do both. I'd love to defend both belts. Go go go back to down to 47, go undisputed, maybe come back up um and defend it at 154. Um I think I'm a natural 47 pounder. You know, Mary Spencer, she's a strong solid opponent. You know, props to her. She didn't have to take this fight. Um she took a big risk with taking a a fighter like me. you know, I always I always come forward and put on tough fights. So, um, props to her and, you know, she's a heavy-handed girl. 154 is different. So, um, but I think I that was a great experience for me. I can do both. I can do both. So, we'll have to see what best option we have. Spencer, Congratulations on an awesome performance tonight. It was great to watch you fight. Hopefully we get to see you again very soon. Congratulations. Great performance. Great job. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Canada. I appreciate it.