Kind: captions Language: en The doctor comes up and looks at treasure. &gt;&gt; Today marks 50 years since the end of one of boxing's greatest rivalries. &gt;&gt; It's all over. &gt;&gt; I'm Nico Ali Walsh, and this is a special edition of The Blueprint, where we'll look back at the final chapter of the epic trilogy between my grandfather, Muhammad Ali, and his greatest rival, Joe Frasier. Build as the thriller in Manila, the fight took place half a century ago in the Philippines. But before we break down the fight, let's look at the road that brought these two legends there. In 1967, Ali was stripped of his heavyweight title for refusing induction into the Vietnam War. During his exile, Joe Frasier rose to champion while Ali remained the lineal king, unbeaten since dethroning Sunny Liston in 1964. When Ali returned, the two finally met in March 1971 when Frraasier handed him his first professional defeat. Ali evened the score three years later with a unanimous decision, setting the stage for the rubber match in October 1975. One thing to note is that Ali showed less movement than in his earlier fights. Despite being only 29 years old in the first encounter and 33 in the rubber match, the 3 and 1/2 years away from boxing took a toll. Make no mistake, he still boxed on the outside, but with less footwork and speed than before, relying more on timing, craft, and at times brute force instead of constant motion. As this trilogy progressed, it became clear that in order to beat Frraasier, he'd have to stand his ground and fight. In their third match, Ali took the early rounds while Frraasier came on strong in the middle. However, by the 10th and 11th, Ali regained control and began wearing him down until Frasier's trainer, Eddie Futch, stopped the fight after the 14th round. From the beginning, Ali looked to assert himself, sending a message that he could hurt Frraasier and dictate the terms of the fight. In the opening round, he takes the center of the ring and begins unleashing right hands and left hooks. Ali opens up fast and lands combinations. He steps back only to come forward again. Holding his ground and landing combinations play an important role in this fight, especially in the later rounds, but that pace is unsustainable for 15 rounds. So, other tactics are required in the meantime. In the following rounds, we begin to see Ali's lead hand tactics. Ali starts using his left hand to grab behind Frasier's neck to control him and stop short hooks at close range. After they separate, he extends the hand as a blinder and rangefinder to set up his punches. Here, he uses it to steer Frraasier away as Joe presses forward. Referee Carlos Padilla warns Ali not to push down on the neck, but using the lead hand still remains part of his arsenal. And it wasn't new. In their second fight, holding behind the neck and pushing down had been a major point of contention. Frasier complained often about Ali's tactics, and his corner raised it between rounds. In Manila, Ali still used those moves, but far less than before. He had to be careful not to push down on the neck and to incorporate other strategies, letting his hands go at center ring, boxing on the outside, and even the famed rope a dope. Here, Ali uses his lead hand to blind and control range. He pushes Frraasier off him to create distance. Then, as Frasier presses forward, he steps back while keeping the left hand up. When fighting on the outside, it is optimal to be one step outside your opponent's range. This forces him to step forward to begin his offense. This additional distance gives the outside fighter more time and space to react. Here, Ali's left hand allows him to establish that distance and ensure that he is just outside of range. He does it for several sequences before landing a crisp right hand. Another exchange here begins with the lead hand. He doesn't land every punch, but it gives him space to work while helping him avoid Frraasier's relentless pressure. Ali would like to keep his distance and pop shots all night, but Frasier's relentless pressure makes that difficult to sustain. At this point, he turns to the rope a dope, a tactic where one leans back against the ropes, covers up, and lets the opponent throw punches in hopes of tiring him out while conserving energy. This strategy was pivotal in Ali's fight with George Foreman one year earlier, but in Manila, he doesn't use it for long. Here we see Ali protecting himself with a high guard. Frasier unleashes devastating shots to the body while Ali does his best to protect his head with his gloves. After Frraasier steps back, Ali taunts him and asks for more. So Ali uses the tactic not only to tire Frasier out and conserve energy, but to convince Frasier of the futility of his offense. But unfortunately for Ali, Frasier is a different beast. So he is forced to fight. So after using the rope dope for almost exactly a full minute, Ali fires back with quick uppercuts and hooks, finishing the third round with quick combinations. In the early rounds, Ali's offense plays a pivotal role. He needs to beat and batter Frasier. He can't just box him. And as we will see, Frasier's will and determination makes many of his strategies insufficient. He has to stand and fight in order to win. In the middle rounds, Frasier begins to come on. For the most part, Ali fights going backwards, retreating to the ropes to clench, finding spots to land punches with his lead hand, but also absorbing punishment to the head and body. At times, we see glimpses of the younger Ali as he controls the seventh round by using much more footwork on the outside to control Frasier's aggression, but it is unsustainable. It's clear that for Ali, standing and fighting is the only way to win. The other tactics like clinching, lead hand control, and the rope a dope mainly served to save energy for the burst he needed to finish the job. Then in round 11, something happens. Frasier has worn down. Ali backpedals while throwing and turns Frasier to the ropes. For the first time in the fight, the dynamic shifts, even if only for a few seconds. Frasier comes forward again, but Ali continues to pile on offense. He continues fighting backward and is eventually cornered. Then, after having preserved some energy, Ali flurries toward the end of the round. Then, in round 13, we once again see glimpses of the old Ali skipping and boxing before teeing off with right and left hands. Though mostly moving backward, Mali tries to stand his ground and lands right and left with all his power. Frasier unimaginably continues to come forward, but at the expense of taking some of the worst punishment ever seen in a boxing fight. We don't see many jabs. We see power right and power left hands. Each thrown with the intention of knocking out Frasier by the referee for grabbing around the neck. [Applause] Miraculously, Frasier comes forward again to start the 14th. But by the end, Ali begins a flurry that finally sends him reeling backward. &gt;&gt; Frasier is visibly and clearly hurt with severe swelling above his left eye and bleeding. Aside from the 11th when Frasier is briefly on the ropes, this is really the only time we ever see him reeling back. Ali stands in the center of the ring and finishes the round. [Applause] Exhausted, he walks back to his corner while a defeated Frasier does the same. It is too much for Frasier. Eddie Futch stops the fight. The doctor comes up and looks at Frasier. &gt;&gt; I think it's going to be over. It's all over. [Applause]