Kind: captions Language: en You men, receive my instructions in the dressing room. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves now. Men, you're boxing at the bell. God bless you both. Touch gloves. Joe Tessator and Tim Bradley here on the call for the undisputed junior featherweight championship. Luis Ner now ine to me. As much as we're always have our jaws dropped with the explosive power of inaway, he is also a calm fighter. confidently calm. He has exceptional footwork. He's sturdy. But this is a fight where Ner has said, "I want it to end early." What could reveal itself early on &gt;&gt; that the fight could be an ending on the other way. He can get knocked out. Ner has a tendency of getting caught early in fights and goes down. And I I can tell you if in a way lands on Ner and he goes down, he's one of the best finishers in the game, he's going to finish the fight test. &gt;&gt; Right hand coming through from Inaway early on. Willing to fire it. 2023 fighter of the year. First Japanese fighter to win that boxing writers award in 85 years. So he'll be in New York City June 6th to accept that. Ner comes forward against the monster. I like I like that from Ner is dangerous. However, when he got to be careful reaching right there in there with a vicious counter puncher and anyway, but that sequence before this test coming behind his double jab just taking advantage of that low lead of Inway. Inway tends to bag out in straight lines. He drops that left hand and when he throws the left hook, he has a tail. He drops that left hand first before he leads with that left hook. So that'll be a telltale sign. If Nory and his team has studied film, they'll know that &gt;&gt; Barry right now doesn't seem spooked BY THE PUNCHING POWER. OH, THERE IT IS. INAWAY GOES DOWN WITH A FIRST ROUND KNOCKDOWN OF THE MONSTER. He said, "I wanted to end early, then I see openings." He was extraordinarily confident and calm and resolute in saying THAT HE SEES FLAWS and he will knock out the monster. AND NOW HE'S GOING AFTER HIM. LUIS NER DETERMINED TO DELIVER on it. Goes to the body with a left hand now on the inside and away. Covering up tries to deliver a right hand of his own. An uppercut comes through but ner unaffected. He keeps punching. First knockdown suffered on Inaway's career. Of course, he was cut and damaged badly against Nonito Donaire. Fought through a broken orbital bone, a dislocated right hand. But now, NEW ADVERSITY FACED for Na in a way. &gt;&gt; WHAT A HUGE ROUND FOR THE UPSET seeking Luis Ner. in the inside right here. You see Ner &gt;&gt; set up the shot. See the small uppercut right there. But you see when Inway tends to throw one hand, that left hand, the opposite HAND TENDS TO DROP. POOR FUNDAMENTAL habits right there from Noya Inowway. You can see it in his previous fights. He drops the opposite hand every time he shoots. If he shoots with the left, he's dropping the right. If he shoots with the right, he's dropping the left hand. And right there, Ner making him pay for that mistake. It's a common mistake of Inway. &gt;&gt; What a shocking start to this undisputed championship fight. Remember, Neri said in the leadup, I've watched all of fights. I think he's completely overrated. I see flaws. His weak point is he opens up. I will take advantage and come right in. And he did. Knockdown scored in round one. &gt;&gt; Let's take it into account that Ner is a a veteran in this weight class. Been in this weight class for about I believe couple of years now. Tess, he's the bigger, stronger fighter. He fought at 118. Now he's at 122. He's the bigger man in there. and he seems to be the stronger man as well. &gt;&gt; Of course, a title is at 118 and 122. Now, how does the monster react as he goes back to the jab? As you can hear this massive crowd in Tokyo trying to rally support for their hero &gt;&gt; said that that left hand comes out of nowhere from Ner. That's the danger shot. That's his kill shot. Anytime that Inaway feels that he's safe, he's not safe. You're not safe until you're back in your corner sitting on your stool. Ner's explosive and that shot comes out of nowhere. &gt;&gt; Isn't it funny how boxing history writes itself and makes you think this Tokyo Dome, this Grand Palace of sports and entertainment in Japan, you have to go all the way back. The last major fight card was Buster Douglas knocking out Mike Tyson in February of 1990. And then the first round of the showcase event in all that time and the great inaway hits the canvas. &gt;&gt; Round number two. In that first round, Ner landed 10 power punches of his 15 total connects. &gt;&gt; Left hand flooring in away. &gt;&gt; But Darius seems to be changing up his attack test right now. He's trying to be patient. He's trying to catch Inaway out of position. When in commits, HE'S OUT OF POSITION. THERE IT IS. RETURNS THE FAVOR. LUNGING FORWARD CAME FORWARD, OVEREXTENDED HIMSELF AND THE MONSTER CAUGHT HIM. KNOCKDOWN SCORED FROM ANAWAY. That's a bad habit from Ner lunging forward. He has a really solid one two, but when he throws combinations, he tends to open up Tess and he reaches overcommits and right there inway making him pay for that with a sharp left hook on the inside. You saw that back foot of Ner followed forward his whole body went that path and the monster with that Viperlike offensive reaction floor. I don't know if he was extremely hurt from that shot test. He was out of position. Didn't have his feet underneath him. I'm sure he seems composed right now. Ner &gt;&gt; Ner again on the attack coming forward reaching with that left hand. You see him forward shift and Inaway right there just filling that gap or that space with that left hook. Here he is reaching with the backhand. in the way stepping back has a single high shield. Oh, why don't you eat that young man? Go ahead and sit down. &gt;&gt; Tim, that is a prime example of what you describe in terms of elite technique and athleticism. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; you just saw it from in a way. That was from about 4 to 6 in away. &gt;&gt; Watch that back foot. &gt;&gt; Feet and hand working together. Ner was off balance there. His momentum carried him forward. That shot wasn't a lethal punch. It landed on the right on the chin. It dropped him, but he wasn't hurt badly in that during that sequence test. &gt;&gt; Nope. That south back foot came all the way forward. Inaway caught a glimpse of the lunge and fired off that left hook and scored the knockdown. So, a great bounceback round for Inaway after he suffered first knockdown of his career in round one. In that second round, he had a 21-4 connect advantage and scored the knockdown. So, swapping 10 eight rounds to open up this championship event. &gt;&gt; Inaway is starting to anticipate the offense of Ner and he understands that Ner overcommits at time. He's just taking that half a step, sometimes a full step back to counter. When a fighter starts to anticipate tests act the uh actions and reactions that's when things start to slow down for him. Understand that things start to slow down. You hear that saying all the time. Does it slow down for you in the ring? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. You know the mind is faster than any than the actual reaction which slows things down. &gt;&gt; So anyway knows what he must he must do. He's starting to anticipate these shots coming from &gt;&gt; Ner. This combination from Inaway and now he goes with that right hand to the body. Remember it was a body shot that caused Ner's only defeat of his career. Nice. &gt;&gt; The technical prowess of Inou right now in the speed, the coordination, the punch placement right now is given Ner Fitz. Ner understands that he can't compete with that. He's looking for that single shot. He's looking for Inway to make a mistake to make him pay. If Inway gets overconfident &gt;&gt; and throws too many shots and get a little bit greedy, &gt;&gt; there's a chance for Ner to be able to land his signature punch, which is that left that left hand test. Good right hand. Anyway, now is getting comfortable getting &gt;&gt; Oh, there's another one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's getting in the groove now. Anticipation is on. Ner better change things up. He better start fainting. Start using his jab. &gt;&gt; Oh, another one that splits the guard. That right hand is being placed well by the monster. &gt;&gt; There he needs to come behind his jab test. Starting applying faints. When you start getting timed like that, you got to change your rhythm up. &gt;&gt; Faints doesn't allow him to know when you're going to attack. You throw him off. The jab occupies him. needs to start doing something &gt;&gt; or in way is going to have his way like this &gt;&gt; action here between Inaway and Ner and that right hand in the third round was effective Tim &gt;&gt; you see the low guards right there of Ner poor defensive habits keeping his guard low you see the jab come right the jab come first then the right hand just followed just great execution right there from &gt;&gt; the champion the monster &gt;&gt; he had a 19-7 connect advantage according to coffee box in that third round 11 power punches in In the first round, Luis Nerie scored the knockdown. He had a 15-8 connect advantage. And that was the first time an opponent of Inaway out landed the monster in the last 46 rounds. 45 previous rounds, Inaway had four total connects until the first round tonight against Ner. Ner's going to have to compete with that speed. He's going to have to compete with it with timing. Timing has a has a way of beating speed, placing those shots in between the shots of in away. And he's going to have to prevent that bomb from coming to his defense has to get better. He has to be responsible after his offense. Four punch combination from Inway. There's that pop right hand again. It's finding the target. The undisputed champion finding more of his rhythm offensively after being floored in the first round. in a way seems to be softening him up right now. He's just taking advantage of those poor fundamental habits. &gt;&gt; OH, LOOK AT THIS LITTLE SHOWBO TRYING TO DRAW HIM IN AND THEN FIRING OFF. again told you defense got to be on point when you face it anyway with the speed power and accuracy that he brings to the table is taking these shots well though Tess but for how long that's my question for how long can he take these shots coming from &gt;&gt; Ner suffering the fifth knockdown of his career earlier tonight it came when he lunged in overextended in a way met him with the short left hook. &gt;&gt; But the toughness of Ner, that's that's why Ner's here, &gt;&gt; you know, that's why he's a two division world champion. Yes, he has the skills, he has punching power. However, that toughness, that grittiness, he's going to have to bring that out tonight. He's going to have to take maybe one or two tests to get one. To get one. Super. &gt;&gt; You can just see Inway right now just weakening up Naring. Weakening him &gt;&gt; and he's and I think he's looking for that left hook to deliver. That's what he's trying to set up. He's trying to get him used to the shots up top upstairs and he wants to sneak one past the guard to the liver of Ner. You &gt;&gt; see him testing that a few times moments ago. Sometimes you get a little bit bored in there. You know, when guys don't want to open up, you know, you'll showboat a little bit. You start to see some swelling around the face of Elise Ner. There are the total body punches. You say look out for a body punch that could do damage with a setup from Inaway. &gt;&gt; Round number five. &gt;&gt; Nearly connected with that left hook to score the knockdown. &gt;&gt; Positioning of top notch. Oh, there's two right hands. backs up Nery for a moment. Now he inches ahead. &gt;&gt; See, positioning is the placement of a boxer compared or in relation to your opponent. You know, when you're facing the southpaw in his open stance battle, of course, you need to have lead foot dominance. In a way, he's having his way with the lead foot. Nary is constantly moving to his left towards the right hand. That's why he keeps eating those right hands. Good right hand returning fire near stepping forward and Inaway welcoming that. &gt;&gt; There is a certain sound to the combination punching of Inaway that's very distinct. Ner starting to sell out already. He's selling out Tess. He understands that he's he's outgunned. He knows he can't beat him on the outside. He's too quick, too accurate with his shots. He's trying to close the the distance down. trying to get on the inside. &gt;&gt; You can see the complaints from Inway. A warning from Mike Griffin and using that head on the inside. You can hear the reaction from the crowd. Remember he plays the role of villain Daseri not just because of the opposition the role but the previous controversies in fighting in Japan was handed a lifetime ban by the local commission that was lifted so that they could have this mega event. Now trading on the inside perhaps an opportunity for Neri but with them comes great risk &gt;&gt; like that. THERE IT IS. THERE'S THE RISK WITH NO REWARD. LEFT HOOK SCORES THE KNOCKDOWN AGAIN. Under 30 seconds to go facing one of the great closers in recent boxing history. Here comes the monster. RIGHT HAND STOOD UP TO IT FOR THE MOMENT and away on the attack. Final seconds. NERY SURVIVES, BUT HE WENT DOWN FOR A SECOND TIME THERE IN ROUND FIVE. ANOTHER LEFT HOOK FROM INWAY. being calm in the storm. You see right there JUST FOUND A LITTLE GAP RIGHT THERE. Lead hand is down of Ner on the inside and away noticing that he's attempted there. Just missed off the mark, but he dips under. You see his eyes. He's looking right at Ner. He sees those hands pull away from that face. When we talk about punching technique, Tim, &gt;&gt; when you talk about the ability to turn a punch over in the last few inches of the delivery system to create torque and power, alltime great power through the weight classes that he's been in. That's an example. Here we go. Round number six. The monster has taken over. &gt;&gt; An undisputed champion against a former champion. But there are levels to this game and guys like Inaway and Bud Crawford are currently just on a far different pedestal. that speed and quickness. Tess and you you alluded to it, the accuracy and how he's able to generate that power from short distance like that with that much torque, that much power. It's &gt;&gt; brilliant stuff right there from Inway. &gt;&gt; Stands up to that offensive effort from Inway from Ner and fires back. Oh, right hand combination up top. &gt;&gt; It's almost over, Tess. Ner can't keep taking these these type of shots over and over and over. What do you see as a potential finisher here, TIM? &gt;&gt; THERE'S A RIGHT HAND. HE JUST ANSWERED THE QUESTION AS NER HAS CRUMBLED AND THE MONSTER HAS ROARED. HE'S DONE IT AGAIN. 16 OF THE LAST 17 BY KNOCKOUT. THE POUNDFOR-POUND ELITE IN FRONT OF A SOLDOUT TOKYO DOME COMPLETELY OVERDELIVERS ON ALL THE EXPECTATIONS. We are always cautious with the superlatives with the word great in the boxing business. But in real time fans, YOU ARE WATCHING ONE OF THE GREATEST of all time. Unquestionably, the undisputed champion just demolishes yet another worthy world title challenger and former champion. Stampin &gt;&gt; first ballot hall of famer right now test in his career. He's he's amongst the names. I would say Roy Jones, uh, Sugar Ray Leonard, Sugar Ray Robinson, uh, Terrence Crawford's of the world. I mean, he's among the best of the best. Timmy, I would contend that if his career was fought in a weight class 147 and north, the entire world would be nodding their head in agreement. &gt;&gt; I agree. He is the winner by way of knockout and still the undefeated undisputed SUPER BANTAMWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD. NAHYA MONSTER in only because of the lower weight classes do the mainstreams not realize what they are seeing. But come aboard, folks, because this is one of the great, most entertaining rides that the sport has seen in some time. 27-0, 24 knockouts, and he does it time and time again. More impressive every time out. Now in scoring three knockdowns, finishing it like only he can. A vicious closer, a complete fighter and dominated Neri after being put down in the first round. &gt;&gt; I was more impressed. You know what I was more impressed with? the resiliency and the fact that he was able to get up off the canvas, compose himself, and to do what he did right here, Tess. Unbelievable. But look at the combinations. He knew that he had Ner. He knew he had him on the string. He understand that he was hitting him. He was weakening them little by little. But that combination right there at the end in the straight right hand didn't really put a whole lot of torque on it. Just snapped it and it had that type of effect &gt;&gt; and you know it's coming and you see it coming and then it's there. I turned to you and said, Timmy, what's going to be the finishing shot here? Right as I paused, he sent the right hands and said that will be your answer. All four belts are still his.