Kind: captions Language: en So, we'll go left and right. First, would you like to look at the front? The front. Okay, let's start by looking at the center. It's in the middle. Okay, then please do this one too . yes. I'd like it in the middle, please. Please stay in the middle for a while. Please do it here. here. Please refrain from requesting just one at a time. Okay, next, please look at the left hand of the two people, the man and the woman. Look at the left hand of the two men. It will be your left hand. Both the man and woman are on the left. Please leave it as is for a while. please. Okay, next, please look at the right hand of the two men in the men's section. Look at your right hand. Afmari-san, I'm sorry about your right hand. Right hand, yes . is. yes. yes. thank you. Okay, so, everyone in the still photography department, could you please sit down for a moment? We're going to move to the video camera in the back. Please look at the two men in the main area under the straight lighting. sorry. Would you mind crouching down for a moment, ma'am? yes. This is a Leos movie. Yes, thank you very much. That's all. Okay, that's all for now, Mr. Ii and Mr. A. thank you very much. Is that okay? Is that alright? Excuse me. I want to give something to them. I have something I'd like to give you. Next up are Takei and Christian. [Applause] This is a traditional costume called chapan. Apparently, this is a custom that exists in the Central Asian region. Well, there is a custom of giving gifts to people you deeply respect. This is a very traditional gift. [Applause] Excuse me. Excuse me. Ah, this is a traditional costume that truly symbolizes our desire to cherish that relationship. Now, please look straight ahead. Yes, please look straight ahead. Excuse me. please. Yes, thank you. Now, everyone, look at your right hand, oh, your left hand, your left hand. Please go to the left. Please use your left hand. Okay, now please look at your right hand. Please use your right hand. Yes, please use your right hand. Um, Mr. Tsu, please take a look at Mr. Ahmadaliif's right hand here. Okay, next up , um, everyone please look in the mirror for a moment, and we'll be showing you the video. Everyone in my movie group, here's the movie. Yes, please look straight ahead. Yes, thank you very much. thank you very much. [Applause] Next, we will move on to the WBA World Championship for right-handed volleyball. Um, Takada and Matsumoto, please be the men.