Kind: captions Language: en Right here is okay. Anything below that's low. Right here is okay. Anything below that's low. I want a good clean fight. Obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourselves at all times. Let's go. This could be fast and furious. Nonito Donaire, former fighter of the year, and again a top pound-for-pound fighter as well, with tremendous power against the young lion right there, Jessie Magdaleno, 24 years old. Extensive amateur career. He's got the hair. He's got it going on. &gt;&gt; it going on. And he has punching power as well. Tim Bradley, what do you look for early here? Feel out round. Early round. Both guys got firepower. They're going to feel each other out. See what each other See what one another is trying to do in there. See what the game plan is. Brian Kenny, Tim Bradley, and Stephen A. Smith here ringside. This is the fight that we expect it to be the fight of the night. Evenly matched. Guy on the way up and a guy trying to get back toward the top. Donaire has a belt right now. But he has been knocked out. He was dropped, derailed in his championship run by Guillermo Rigondeaux. Which is no disgrace, by the way. Rigondeaux is a master boxer. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. And that was a masterpiece, although some thought he stunk it out. You could go either way on that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, there was a lot of excuses after the fight. Um his shoulder, you know, he said he had a shoulder shoulder injury during that during the course of the fight. So Yeah, but he owns up to that. When we spoke to him, he said, "Look." He goes, "I have to come to the grips with I would have lost to him even if I didn't hurt my shoulder." Which is true. Again, Rigondeaux is kind of like what we saw with Guillermo Rigondeaux or Vasyl Lomachenko. An incredible amateur pedigree. One of the one of the greatest amateurs in the history of the sport. I'm more interested in the fact that when he got knocked out by the ax man, he said, "Thank the good Lord. It's the best thing that ever happened to me." I'm waiting to see how that is. You know, that reminded me of Stephen A., George Foreman. Who even when when Ali passed and everyone said, "Well, you have to feel just terrible when you lost your title to Ali in the Thrilla in Manila." He said, "No, that changed my life. That saved my life." It is a feeling-out process here. Little jab from Magdaleno. And Donaire tries with a right hand. He's trying to find a home for that for that right hand. Magdaleno's physical, isn't he, Tim? He's very physical. But right now, he's trying to He's getting a little bit ahead of himself. He has to stay composed right now. It's too early to get in there. &gt;&gt; That's what I was going to ask you, Tim. I don't think he needs to wait because Donaire, to me, you you want to attack him early. If you can. If you can. You got to be cautious, especially you know, because you don't want to get caught cold. Donaire has firepower. So, you you want to warm up to it. You know. That's what he's doing right now. He's feeling him out right now. He'll get busy. You'll see. He'll start getting busy. I just think Magdaleno is an aggressive individual. Why veer away from that? I'm kind of with you with that. Now, the champ looks I don't He doesn't look cold, but he looks slightly flat. Press the issue. I'm with you on that. Donaire, of course, has one of the best left hooks in the sport. You don't want to get hit with that check hook coming in. I can tell you that much. So, he better be composed. Very rough stuff on the inside as they clash. But legal. Yep. Nobody's trying to get dirty. Right. They're just getting on top of each other. Now, this was a cautious round. Yeah. But with a lot of latent firepower. There's a lot of intensity. Did you see Magdaleno right there? He lunged in with a right hand. You see Donaire step back and snipe him with the right hand. That's what Magdaleno has to He has to compose himself and be patient. Let it come. Let the fight develop. &gt;&gt; But he threw the punch, missed, jumped out though. Everything we ever talked about is staying in the pocket. Only one thing I need from you. Just when you stay when you stay in the corner just to keep a space. You need to keep a space. At the rope and corner. And then you can hit him. Okay. Let's try to double up on it. Yes? So, you don't So, if you double up on the jab on the jab, you make it harder for him to counter. You understand? Now, listen. Take his ass back. He can't fight going back. You notice he loses You notice he loses control on the way back. You notice he loses control when he steps back. Take him back. You You take the tempo. But stay sharp, okay? No mistakes. Tim, I always love it when a trainer is specific in what he wants you to do. He gave That's Manny Robles in the corner. New trainer, first fight with Jessie Magdaleno, was ultra specific with what he wanted him to do. And that's double up on that jab. Yes, he has a strong corner. And that's why that's why I feel that he has a good chance of winning this fight as well. He had a good preparation for this fight. He said it was the best training camp ever. I'm not going to feel that way until I see how he takes getting hit. You know, he had trouble making weight in his last bunch of fights. People were ringside We were talking to Dan Rafael of espn.com saying, "Well, we'll see how this goes." Cuz he's had all these things and he's seen Magdaleno not make weight. But with Manny Robles, they said no issues, no problems, nutrition, training, everything proper. And he came in and made weight easy. Easy. So, I You know, when a guy says he's a new man, I'm willing to believe it. Donaire says he is psychologically a new man. Yeah. We haven't seen that yet. &gt;&gt; I don't believe that. Magdaleno busy so far, tries with shot to the body. Nice right hand by Donaire. Right down the middle. There you go. Crisp right hooks from Magdaleno. Nice right hook. Nice overhand left. On Magdaleno. He's skilled and he's fast. You know, now he's picking his spots when he wants to attack and when he wants to get out and and box. That's what he's going to need to do in this fight, right for right now. You know, there's there's this this this is a 12-round fight. You don't want to rush it. But you also don't want to You don't want to wait too long. Donaire almost unleashed with the hook. And Magdaleno nodded in response and yeah, there it is. But Magdaleno, very experienced kid. Again, he's 24 years old, but he's one of six kids. His brother, again, Diego Magdaleno, a terrific fighter. 120 amateur wins, won a national championship in 2009, beat Rau'shee Warren, which is a real win. Oh, yeah. Magdaleno's following his instructions from Manny to the T. He said, "You first. He's first. Get in, get out, but you first." He's doing it thus far. I had an opportunity to spar Magdaleno for the It was the Pacquiao two fight. Let me tell you. I ain't never been hit by a small guy the way he hit me to the body. Um he actually bruised my ribs for about 2 weeks. Well, leading into the fight. Really? And he's giving up 20 lb, right? And he's giving up 20 lb. Absolutely. Yeah, there's he's He has a serious demeanor about him, right? Good fighting spirit. You can see it in him. Yes, he Oh, good crisp left hand. Yeah. And then to the body. Tony Weeks asking him to get that up. Right at the belt. Oh, it's It's starting to It's starting to heat up now. Starting to heat up. Donaire moves in. But good work in that final minute by Jessie Magdaleno. Holding his fire. Remember I I here You see You see Magdaleno step in with a double left hook to the body and to the head. He set that up with the straight left first. Then got over to the side. Bang to the body and bang with the left hook the right hook to the head. Round number three. And again, we expect this to heat up. Very slow round one. Round two got a little more serious. And here we are in round number three for a WBO belt, Nonito Donaire. At 122 lb, seen universally as being in the top three. Donaire's getting a little bit more aggressive. He's trying to inch closer to Magdaleno right now. I mean, so far, Tim, he really hasn't done much, right? I mean, just We haven't seen the arsenal. Not yet. So far, it's Magdaleno pressing the action, although Donaire moves in now. Just as I say it. Tries to get close. You know, it's funny because Magdaleno doesn't look physically big when he's walking around. You know, the sweatshirt with the hat and everything else. And then in the ring, you see when they meet, he's a strong strong guy. Strong. Smaller, but strong. Good body shot from Magdaleno. And then up to the head. Now, there's a good game plan at work here with Magdaleno, isn't it? Yeah, Magdaleno right now look like he's trying to sit back and counterpunch. Because Donaire is coming forward. Leaving himself exposed. He's taking He's taking chances at times. And Magdaleno's sitting back waiting on him to be able to counterpunch. To me, though, I thought Magdaleno is clearly faster. Yeah, more hair trigger. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yep. Interesting that you bring up the hair. The hair could be a distraction. Maybe that's Maybe that's what I was thinking. There's a little macho time going on in there, isn't there? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Macho time. You trying to punch a guy and see something blonde waving in your direction. Wow, the blonde hair could be rough. Donaire now moves in. Magdaleno with a shot to the body. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Donaire's is on that gas pedal right now. Not really hitting him flush right now. lands a hook to the body as Magdaleno went by him. And then a right hand. Magdaleno needs to move more and stay out of those corners. Donaire wants to prove something too that he's got power in both hands and that was a a right hand that hit Magdaleno. Didn't rock him. He knows everyone is aware of his power hook. Donaire is trying to press on the gas a little bit. He's trying to He's trying to see exactly what Magdaleno is made of right now. &gt;&gt; Stalking. He's stalking him right now. He's He's trying to the la- He's trying to let Magdaleno know that, hey, I'm the big dog out here. I'm the I'm the champion. Main event still to come. Curious to see what the fourth scorecard is right now. &gt;&gt; It's a good point. Yeah, you can score this fight as well. &gt;&gt; it 2-1 Magdaleno. Round four as Donaire moves forward. We're calculating for you right now. And we will show it to you as soon as it comes out with the crowd is saying. All three Donaire. Huh. That's surprising. How dare they How dare they disagree with me? Stephen A with you. I'm with you. I think two rounds went to Magdaleno although I'm, you know, calling the fight and scoring it is difficult if not impossible. &gt;&gt; That's why I'm here. I don't mind. You can do both. I We found the guy who can do both. It's a miracle. Magdaleno, good work there. Nice right hook. Donaire is using his experience right now. He's He's using his presence, being in front of him, making Magdaleno always ready. Constantly that drains you. That drains you as a fighter. That's a good word, Tim. I like presence, right? It's all It's all psychological pressure. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. He's not doing much. He's not landing a lot of punches right now but it's just his presence being in front of him all the time, pressing on the gas pedal. You see Magdaleno backing up. Now he's cut. He's cut right now. There There was blood on the shoulder of Donaire. &gt;&gt; Over the left eye. Magdaleno. I don't know if that was caused by a clash of heads or was that a punch? I'm not sure. Magdaleno's sharp shot moving in. They're They're jumping into each other. There's a lot of potential for either one. A short shot, a strafing shot like that left hand or a clash of heads. We're in the fourth round again. If anything were should to happen more drastic, we finish this round then we go to the scorecards. We're nowhere near that now. But there is blood. Yes, it is. Over the left eye. Magdaleno. Well, you know what? It is shielded too from the hair. I guess that I told you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That blonde stuff, man. Huh. We'll try to look at the replays and see what what could have happened if that was a clash of heads, if that was from a punch. We're We're being told by our people in the truck that it was a clash of heads. Doesn't matter. He's still got to fight. See if they can control that bleeding. See what he can do with it. Right now Donaire is dictating right now. He's dictating every moment right now. He's He's He's making Magdaleno Jessie Magdaleno dance to his to his rhythm, man. That's been happening for the last couple of rounds after the first three he started standing a little bit stationary. You know, people don't realize this and when you get cut and you have that blood dripping down in your eye, it's hard to see. You know, you can see You see him scraping his eye like that because he can't see out of that eye right now. &gt;&gt; So Magdaleno is fighting in a spirited way though. He is firing out shots but there is that little bit of urgency now that he's feeling. Yes. Well, he's going to have to do a little bit more. He's He's just backing up right now and that and that's favoring Donaire right now. &gt;&gt; What does favor him to some degree Magdaleno talking about is that bleeding over that left eye. At least you're not bleeding over your right eye where you're more susceptible to the left hook. They're going to have to get to work on that. Again, Jessie Magdaleno cut as he goes to his corner and Manny Robles. Take a look and see if we find it here. There it is. Yeah, didn't seem like much. And then a hook from Donaire. But it doesn't take much, right up here. &gt;&gt; take much, you know. It's real real soft there. It's real soft up there. There's no meat. There it is. Which is to turn him around and put him on the ropes. Keep him there and punish the body and finish on top, baby. You got the fifth round coming up, okay? He's coming straight at you. Right. Jessie, he's walking All right. So it looks like that cut is right over the eyebrow for Jessie Magdaleno. They have put up the sign that said accidental headbutt. We're through four. So if it does have to stop because of the flow of blood as we're going to round five, it will go to the scorecards. Trainer just told Magdaleno, pressure, hit him to the body. I think, Timmy, am I wrong? I think that he's a bit timid to do that. He is a bit worried about Donaire's power. &gt;&gt; He He is right now but he has to do what he has to do what the trainer is telling him. When you When you have a guy that's just coming down and just pressuring you all night You To get him to back off of you, you go down to that body. If you go down to that body because no one likes to get hit to that body. You go drop down that body. That's the reason why his trainer was telling him to go down there to try to keep Donaire at bay. You can see by the CompuBox stats that it's indicates a fairly even fight so far. At least not lopsided in any way. And a little hook there as Magdaleno stepped in. Donaire starts to open up the attack. Magdaleno leans forward and Donaire made him pay with a body shot. Good right hand. Donaire stepping in. And this fight has turned around drastically from that first and second round. &gt;&gt; Got Donaire winning the last two rounds. Now Donaire is doubling up on the jab. Good head movement there by Donaire. Magdaleno steps in, hits with a body. You know, there's one thing that that kind of stood out to me in the fighter meeting yesterday is that I was talk- when we were talking to his trainer, Manny Robles, he said that he sparred about 400 rounds for this fight. 400 rounds. &gt;&gt; Is that too much? That's like four training camps in in one. 400 rounds of sparring is I believe is a little bit too much. If just a little bit too much. If If Tim Bradley is saying it's too much, that's a lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a lot. Well, listen, you're not afraid of him. He's sitting next to somebody that think three is too much. Okay. Yeah. But I'm just saying I'm just saying that, you know, conditioning-wise they feel that, you know, he's ready for the moment but strength-wise, is he strong enough? 400 rounds of sparring, that's a lot of rounds. &gt;&gt; So your conditioning is up but you might have zapped yourself of some But you might have zapped yourself of some strength and he hasn't been at this low weight in a long time. I'll tell you the the blood is not an issue. Nope. And you can see that the job that Miguel Diaz is in the corner for Magdaleno and there's no bleeding so far. So they they really packed that up nicely. Who Who's this cut man? Miguel Diaz? Yes. Oh, yeah. Miguel Diaz is one of the best. So nicely seen that that's a non-issue as they trade at the bell cuz I'm expecting this second half of the fight He's stepping it up right now. He does need to step it up. He hasn't stepped up the last two rounds. Came out strong, has faded just a touch. Doesn't need to do that against Donaire. And you see as that round starts now, we'll start round number six. There was a a a full committee in the corner for Magdaleno as Donaire just stood there, calm, and waiting for it to start as he throws out a wicked right hand, just missed. Now both fighters Now they're all Donaire, a shutout by the way from everybody on Twitter. No, now Mag- Magdaleno is actually Twitter is losing their mind right now. Jab right now. This is not a shutout. I don't know what the hell those people are talking about. He just landed actually three three good crisp jabs over the top on Donaire. And that right hook. Manny Robles trying to get him back to that game plan that we spoke about earlier. And he's got a specific plan. Goes in now, tries to double up on the jab. For Donaire, we mentioned that he's a very self-aware guy, isn't he? I mean, just talking about changing his life, saying that he's seen so many fighters when they lose after they've been on top, they go into a spiral. Yes. And so he went to seminars. I think Carissa mentioned he went to Tony Robbins. He's read books, The Power of Habits, trying to break his own habits. Took a shot. Hard shot from Magdaleno. Let's go to Christina Poncher in the corner. What are they saying there, Christina? I was listening to Ismael Salas tell Nonito that he need to get back into your rhythm. He's walking in straight. There's no bounce side to side. There's no rhythm that they worked on. They want him to put the balance on his left foot and go side to side as he moves in and he's crowding against the ropes, not giving his left hook enough space to land. So we want him to back up a little bit and make room for that left hook that we know is also vicious. All right, Christina. Thank you. Yeah, a little sloppier here. And again, what it comes down to if you're judging the fight and everybody can judge at home on Twitter, but scoring blows. It's not about presence, ring generalship. I know that's part of that. That's like the the tertiary thing, but how many times are you scoring? How many shots are you landing? There's a good body shot from Magdaleno. And I'm saying in this round, Magdaleno has answered back. He's having a good round this round cuz he's been a dictator. He's dictating. He's not laying back and letting Donaire do whatever he want. He's actually firing before Donaire can get close now. Donaire says that he looks for fighters' habits, distance, demeanor, frequency. But Magdaleno makes it tough with the work rate. You know, he's consistent in his attack. He is right now. Magdaleno's moving when he have to, but he's What I'm What I'm meaning is he's firing at the right time now instead of letting Donaire just dictate and throw his hands. He's throwing his hands first, like there. And he's not doing the same thing every round though. So he's not being that predictable. Yeah, so it's difficult to figure out his pace. He only gets in trouble when he stands right in front of him like that. He needs to keep moving. I know it's been wide on Twitter, but this could be very interesting on the actual judges' scorecards. Don't you think? &gt;&gt; it's going to be interesting. Interesting fight so far. WBO belt is on the line with Jessie Magdaleno and Nonito Donaire. I'd say we're halfway through now. And again, I'm not scoring this. People at home have it a wipeout. If Magdaleno had that last round and maybe the first two, it'd be very interesting, right? &gt;&gt; two. I got him up 3-2 on Donaire. He won rounds 1 1 2 and and 5. I got to agree. And what about 6? Is that a 3-3? Okay. Okay. 3-3? I got 3-2. All right. That's all. Unofficially. Unofficially. And and you know what? As we speak about this and again, with Pacquiao versus Tim Bradley, I was calling that fight. It was like, "What fight are you watching? You can't score it you know, while you're calling it, but you can give an indication at least as to what you think is happening." And Magdaleno bounced back nicely in that last round. All right, let's see what the Let's see what the people are saying on Twitter. And again, you can let us know what you think on twitter.com/boxing. Magdaleno won that sixth round. All right, they're getting there. They're getting there. There's hope for them after all. Yeah, there you go. Donaire entering with the hook there. But good consistent jabs from Magdaleno to stay in it. Now Magdaleno's back posing again. He needs to let his hands go. If Donaire gets near, he needs to let his hands go first. He needs to be dictating now. He's back posing again. Donaire look like he's looking to land one one hard punch and that's the right hand on Magdaleno. This is the first time that the Filipino Flash, Nonito Donaire, has been on the same fight card as Manny Pacquiao. And he credits Manny Pacquiao for kind of paving the way. And Magdaleno's sharp shot jolted the jaw of Nonito Donaire. And Pacquiao coming out of the Philippines winning fights at the lower weight classes was a marvel. You know, he kind of announced his presence beating Marco Antonio Barrera. He was kind of a legendary cult figure before then. Pacquiao ran through everybody. Well, eventually, yeah. Going up through the rounds, you name it. He fought everybody. Chorizos with a number of guys with you? Yes. Morales? See a little puffiness around uh Donaire's left eye. That right hook might have done a little bit of damage. All right, body shot by Donaire. See, but the thing is Donaire didn't do anything. I mean, Magdaleno didn't do anything after that. He didn't do anything after that. You know, when you when you have a guy coming forward and he's just he's throwing punches at you and you're not throwing punches back. That's That's style cuz it's exciting for me. He said long ago, you know, I don't know everybody in my blood and a concussion. He's right. Get your W, walk away. And get paid. But fans want to see excitement. &gt;&gt; But to each his own, right? Round eight here, Donaire and Magdaleno. Jessie Magdaleno, 23 and 0, 17 knockouts, taking a step up to fight the world champion and a former pound-for-pound fighter as well. It is sort of an awkward rhythm, isn't it? I mean, they kind of jump in to each other. They haven't quite found what they want to do yet. Just the dynamic between the two. You got two smart fighters in the ring. That's That's That's what happens. You got two smart intelligent fighters with with a lot of firepower, a lot of power. You know, they don't want to get hit by one another, you know? So they don't they're going to take their time. They're going to pick their shots. Donaire throws the left jab at Magdaleno. Of course, jab. Magdaleno just landed That shot right there is what proves my theory. That shot right there. Yeah, sometimes sweep with the sweep with his right hook and he'll he'll go right down to the body with it. He just caught Donaire two times in a row with it. Counter jab there from Donaire. Now they opened up the chest match, but trading shots and Magdaleno with a good right hook lands again. There it is. Down to the body again. This is interesting. He's a lot of scoring shots and Donaire lands again. See, he's going down to that body. He's trying to take Donaire's power away from him and he's trying to take his legs away from him. That's what body shots do, guys. Later in the fight, you you're going to see how Donaire's Donaire's condition is going to be. Another body shot and then a right hook from Magdaleno. He's scoring now quite often and hitting a lot. And now again, he's down to punching. He's down to punching beautifully right now. &gt;&gt; Magdaleno going in a good rhythm. Remember when I said that they weren't quite in a good rhythm yet? I think Magdaleno has found it. He's finally found his rhythm, yes. I think this is arguably his best round. But he has to continue. There it is again. The judges are experienced judges. Steve Weisfeld of New Jersey, Burt Clements of Nevada, Adelaide Byrd of Nevada. Body shot there by Magdaleno. All those shots are set up by that body punch. Ooh, upper cut there by Donaire. He comes in there, tries to unload that hook. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; It's been a very high-level fight so far, but we wonder, will we get a fire fight? That would be exciting. It might turn out It might turn out a little bit later. Never know. &gt;&gt; At a certain point, when you got to win a round. The man's in front of you. I mean, you're right. This is We have world-class guys. Everybody They're wary. They're skilled. No one's going to do anything crazy. So you got fighters that don't want to fight. They got You got fighters that don't want to fight Manny Pacquiao due to the fact that the purse wasn't the offer wasn't good enough for them. That's what they felt. Who is the masked man, Stephen A? Any clue? I have no clue whatsoever. Help me out. Round nine. Nonito Donaire, Jessie Magdaleno. It's been a tight fight. Again, we invite you to score this fight too cuz that That This is what might come down to. Unless something big lands and it will be interesting to see how it is scored. It could be very tight. Yeah, Nonito's eyes are still swelling a little bit. There we go. That's good scoring in the eighth round. I think Magdaleno did excellent work. So the fourth scorecard The fourth scorecard has it two rounds with two rounds to six. Yes. I got it 5-3. By the way, Nonito's looking slower. Yeah, he has brought it down a bit. You're absolutely right, Stephen A. It's the body shots. And the work work rate. And his right eye bleeds. Nice shot left. Wow. Punches are still very crisp from Jessie Magdaleno. And again, you can see his motor is running, isn't it, Tim? Yes, it is. Right now Right now he's finding a home for that that that left hand to the body. Nonito's finding a home for that right hand though. I'm a little worried about that. And you see the blood now over the right eye of Nonito Donaire. It's every time Magdaleno stands like he's standing right there in front of Nonito is when he gets hit. But when he moves off to the side or you know, he finds a different angle, he doesn't get hit by that right hand. He has to get out of the line of fire. He has to get off that line. There you go. Pick his feet up. Ooh, comes in. Ooh. Ooh. And firing back. To the body and the head. &gt;&gt; Big right hand and again Donaire trying to weather the storm. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Good right hook by Magdaleno as well. And here's the eruption we've been waiting for. Magdaleno opens up. Let's go back to the beginning. Oh, he hit him with a check check check right hook. Steps in and he follows him. Now he's on the attack. Goes overhand right left hook. You know, he's just physical, too. Like even when he's not hitting him with shots, he's moving forward and he'll hit you with his shoulder. Yes. Yes, he is. What he had Donaire hurt right there. Did Donaire showed a lot of composure. As he stayed he stayed up on the ropes, but he wasn't wobbled. Hurt. But he gathered his &gt;&gt; his wits. He gathered his wits. He He had it together on the ropes. You see him putting his hands up getting in position. All that experience and Donaire survives, but Jessie Magdaleno is racking up rounds. And again, for everyone that was voting on Twitter, you wonder if the judges had that inclination. What would have been surprising to have it that wide, but Magdaleno is now racking up round after round. Donaire with the firepower. Magdaleno still hurt right now. His legs don't look good right now. He's He's better move. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Pushes Donaire way way back. He is firing with that jab even when he was hurt and on wobbly legs. Yeah. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Swelling under the left eye of Nonito Donaire. It's not anything that will close the eye as of yet, but it's building. That jab has found a home. Again, Magdaleno. Right. Nonito is trying to find another home for that right hand. He's trying to find a home for that right hand. Magdaleno better start moving. Move away from that right hand. He's backing him into the corner. Now he spins out. But you're right. He's kind of lulling him in there, whereas in the last round, Magdaleno would not stand to be trapped like that. &gt;&gt; But he's standing right in front of him. That's That's what I'm saying. He has to move away from that right hand. Get away from that right &gt;&gt; What do you think he's doing wrong, Ryan? All he has to do is move. Donaire can't catch him. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Donaire still stalking. Still stalking. Magdaleno pushed down. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; As now we see the first like effects of some fatigue, right? Not that matters a lot, but he's slightly fatigued. Even though he's the younger man by nine years. That's an old veteran trick right there. When the guy drops below you, what you do is you you push him down because you want him to use his strength. Right. Want to take some of his legs away from him and get him used to touching the canvas, right? &gt;&gt; Exactly. Another good jab for Magdaleno as he moves in. Again, jab and hook has been extremely effective for Jessie Magdaleno. Donaire trying to get close enough to land something hard. And he is working hard, but he gets tied up. Good use there of the clinch, right? Now normally we hate that, but you do it quickly, tie him up, get out. He's been doing that the last few rounds. He does. He's standing stationary and he's just pulling right back into the right hand. Donaire measuring him, but Magdaleno comes back hard left hands. And moves Donaire into the ropes with what exactly what you're saying, waiting for that right hand, trying to drop him with the right. There it is again. Throw the throw the right hook. Been a very good fight. We've been warming up to it. Crowd getting excited. We're in the 11th round, scheduled for 12. It's title fight. Donaire's WBO belt is on the line. Take a look at some punch stats here. You see Magdaleno landing 99, Donaire 73. His work rate is about the same. Landing a few more shots. That seems to make sense with what we're seeing. Stephen A, who you got winning this fight right now? Right now, Magdaleno. I got him eight rounds to three. I I I agree with you. I agree with you right now. Good left hook by Donaire. Oh, Magdaleno though is in good shape. The crowd went Oh, left hook again by Donaire. Now he's starting to land. Starting to heat up in there. Both guys know this is on the line on the line right now. Donaire knows that if he loses this fight, this could be the end for his career. And Magdaleno knows that hey, if he wins this fight, this could be the start of his career. By the way, I meant seven rounds to three. I apologize, but that's what I got. Not right now. I don't This crowd is a very pro-Donaire crowd. So when he starts doing some good work, you'll hear that scream as the place has filled up during this fight. Big right hand that missed. Donaire winning this round thus far. He's putting him with two big shots. Good punches tucked away Magdaleno as he answers back. It's a really good technical fight. And in this round, I think we've seen a few more power shots from Donaire landing. Been very infrequent through most of this fight. I mean just excellent work Obviously you see Magdaleno stepping up at just the right time. Donaire, the old warrior been through some wars. The Cesar Juarez fight was a fight of the year. That was That's hard to go through. Yes. Stephen A, you mentioned Nicholas Walters fight where he got knocked out in the sixth round. Ax man. Put him Put him out. So now we're in round 11, final minute of this round. Good body shot by Magdaleno. Good body shot, but He's got to be careful of all that left hook. &gt;&gt; One punch can change everything. Especially in this fight. Yes, it can. He really hasn't got hit too much with the left hook tonight. Not solid. I think I think he landed his hook more on Donaire than Donaire was able to land his left. But he looks a touch more fatigued now than he did earlier, obviously. So it might affect him more if that happens. Donaire measuring him. Nice. Trying to get in with the left hand, but no. Good work by Magdaleno. You see how he went off line there? He went off line and fired back. He didn't go straight back. Took a little angle. Was able to fire back. Beautiful work. We're going to the 12th and final round. I said 8-3 earlier. Didn't mean it. 7-3. It's 8-3 now. Magdaleno. Tell you We talked to Nonito Donaire and he said hey, he was ungrateful for what he had when he was on top. He's grateful for things now. But this is the reality of the business. Someone is going You got a belt, someone's going to be moving on up to try to take it from you. Magdaleno making a good run at him tonight. Yes. Yes, Magdaleno is. He's making a good run at him. I don't know what the score cards are reading going to be reading after this fight after the 12th round. We still got one round to go, but um you know, Donaire Donaire came out and I think he's He's put on the best show right now. He truly is. He's going for it. He's stepping to Magdaleno. He's firing when he has to fire. He's He's doing what he can right now at this moment. I I think I think he looks good. He's not Oh, He's connecting. He's connecting that right hand sometimes. He is. 12th and final round. I agree with you in that Magdaleno's been consistent in his attack. Yeah. He's been very consistent in his efficiency. Yep. Correct. Donaire has that power. He's landed some shots, but it's been very difficult. Ooh. Body shot again. You can see the effect of this fight on both fighters' faces as well. Even though it hasn't been a wild epic brawl, it's been a hard hurting fight. And a good body shot by Magdaleno. They just had a hook. Keep trading left hooks. Also, Donaire Ryan, Magdaleno is scuffed from a headbutt. Here's what you're saying at home. twitter.com/trboxing They're learning. Last two for Donaire. They The people the crowds have Donaire way up. You've got Donaire way up. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now they gave that one to Donaire. No way. Magdaleno continues to jab. I think I think Magdaleno right now is landing the cleaner punches. He's more effective. He's more consistent with his attack. And I think he's winning this fight right now. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Halfway done in round 12 and Donaire, I believe needs to do something here. I could be wrong, maybe he's up. I don't think so. He tries it there, missed with the uppercut again. Magdaleno just too swift. Ooh, right hand by Donaire. &gt;&gt; Oh, good right hand. Short chopping hand by Donaire. Magdaleno is weathered. Misses with a hook. Wow. They're trading big shots right now. &gt;&gt; Donaire seems to know what's on the line and probably believes he's trailing. And again. Do you see his face? He is paying a price every time he steps in. But he's going for it. Ooh, another right hand. Tries again. Magdaleno spins out. For a a few for a half a second it looked like Magdaleno may have buckled. But he rights the ship and we're in the final 10 seconds. Donaire comes in with a right. Eats a left hook from Magdaleno. And this one is pretty exciting. Wow. Good 12th round, Tim Bradley. Yeah, there is that straight right hand I've been talking about. Magdaleno walking right into it, stepping back right into it, giving him that full extension on that right hand. Here it is. Oh, get Magdaleno checking him with the right hook. You know, they kept changing these shots exchanging punches, power blows all night. There's a right hand again by by Donaire. He tried again. He just missed there. Tried the uppercut and just missed. You could tell I mean Donaire had that urgency in this last round. &gt;&gt; hand again this round. He knew he had to hit him with some hard shots. He was trying to knock him out. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He thanks the crowd, the Filipino Flash, with all these Philippine fans. But good consistent work by the 24-year-old Jessie Magdaleno. Here's what the punch stats were saying and see if we can get some indication from there. It's good sportsmanship by both fighters. Magdaleno goes into the corner. Pretty close. &gt;&gt; Close fight. Donaire landing 132, Magdaleno 154. Magdaleno throwing more punches. This stuff is short and crispy. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Donaire is is longer and thudding. Let's see what the people say on twitter.com/trboxing. Donaire sweeps the last three. &gt;&gt; Insanity. They have it nine to three. All right, we're ready. This should be interesting. Let's go to Michael Buffer. Ladies and gentlemen, by way of Wynn Resorts, we go to the scorecards. Burt Clements and Steve Weisfeld scored the bout 116 to 112. Adelaide Byrd has it 118 to 110. All three scores go to the winner by unanimous decision &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; and new WBO world champion still undefeated, Jessie Magdaleno! &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Basically eight rounds to four. Jessie Magdaleno has unseated Nonito Donaire, dethroning the champ and