Kind: captions Language: en Protect yourselves at all times. Keep your punches up, remember. Bone here on up, so punches here are fine, okay? Shake hands. Good luck to both of you. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; All right, so we're set to go. This should be more of a chess match than what we just saw in that war between Alvarado and Brandon Rios. If you joined us, you missed a war to be sure. It could be the fight of the year. Brandon Rios and Mike Alvarado with Rios stopping him in the seventh round after Alvarado really doing a job on him. But right now the business is for the WBO junior featherweight [cheering] or super bantamweight world championship at 122 lb. Nonito Donaire working as an orthodox fighter right now, jabbing with the left hand. He'll switch from time to time. And Nishioka is a southpaw fighter jabbing with the right hand. So, Carlos, we're going to see those front feet getting jammed up and you got to work for the outside. In the black trunks is Nishioka. Look, you can see right away Nishioka, he's got that that right hand up and covering from he's protected from the left, too. He's not going to get hit with that left. That's his plan. Nonito Donaire kind of fights in the shadows of Manny Pacquiao, but he's much loved in the Philippines. Philippine network here doing features on him and doing the fight. Great right hand lands on the forehead of Nishioka. What are your opening thoughts here in the early going here after a minute gone? It looks like to me that Donaire seems to be a little bit quicker than Nishioka. He is. He's quicker, you know, he's very explosive on how he gets in and gets out of punches. And I think that Nishioka right now is a little tentative, you know, he's he's he's got that right hand up high, you know, he's he's worried about that left hook. And and when you're worried like that about a punch, it kind of intimidates [cheering] you and it doesn't allow you to to do your work because you're afraid you're going to get countered with that left hook. He believes in throwing hard body shots with his left hand down low. &gt;&gt; Referee Casey Senior says they watch the front feet, but there's no way they can watch the front feet. It just happens when you got a southpaw as Nishioka is and the primarily right-handed fighter as Donaire. Donaire will switch, but he's you know, he's an orthodox fighter to be sure. That's the idea for the southpaw is to throw the straight left hand down the middle and for the right-handed fighter to throw the straight right hand down the middle. Try to catch your opponent. So far not much offense off the hands of Nishioka. And again, if it's a chess match that you want to see for good boxing, we've got that. We had the war we've already seen, but this will open up, believe me. This will open up for a while. Again, we mentioned it's cool here in the arena at the Home Depot Center now. And the fight is going on. It's just &gt;&gt; They're just starting to get a little glaze on the on the back stats. They're just getting warmed up and they've been warming up for three minutes here. Stop at the bell. Bell ends round one. Crowd is a little antsy because they don't really want to see a boxing match after what they've just seen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I was just thinking it's going to be some very hard shoes to fill after that fight there of Alvarado and Rios. And both of these guys are primarily boxers and Nonito who doesn't mind throwing heavy punches and and and trying to knock a guy out. And this is the corner of Nishioka. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And we just saw Donaire and Nishioka and Donaire and he's got that right hand up high. He's going to have to try and find a way to get to the body first and then open him up upstairs. And he's saying watch out for the left in the corner. We have a Japanese guy in the corner of Donaire who is producer Marty Cohn who's telling us what they're saying in Japanese. All right, so we're set to go. Round number two from the Home Depot Center in Carson, California just outside of Los Angeles. I'm the Colonel Bob Sheridan along with Thomas Palomino, former world welterweight champion and you're watching Top Rank Boxing worldwide. Glad that you're with us. What a night it's been so far. These guys are two premier boxers and the chess match continues. Now Nonito opens up. Donaire in the red trunks, Nishioka in the black trunks. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; You noticed yesterday that Nonito said he likes to please his fans, so if he hears a few boos, maybe he will open it up a little more, but Nishioka hasn't done anything so far but catch punches. He hasn't opened up. He showed the ability to get to the body of Nonito a couple times with that left hand, but he throws not too many jabs at all. I I he's really worried about that left hook, you know, and it's kind of making him very very tentative about what he wants to do. He's walking forward, but he's not doing anything and then and then you got Donaire who has very quick hands. Uh he jumps in, jumps out. Nonito hasn't knocked anyone out in his last three fights, so he might be a little anxious to throw that score that left hook. Although he said he wouldn't do that. He wouldn't get, you know, let himself allowed to just go slugging with his left hook and right hand. But you know, he actually gets criticized. I mean, how can you criticize this guy? Well, you know, he's moved up to 122 lb, so you know, he's fighting bigger guys, you know, stronger guys, &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; better chins. So, he can't knock everybody out. And so being the smart, intelligent fighter that he is, he's decided to box this guy. And so far he's out-boxing Nishioka. He really hasn't opened up yet. Something happened with the knee of Donaire. We saw the left knee and I think that Donaire got the worst of it. He definitely did because it hurt him. It It looks like his knee has got some problems right now, too. It doesn't look really stable under him, does it? I can't tell. He may have a problem with that right knee. It seems fine right now. You watch it, though. Every once in a while it looks like it gives. He looks fine when he's throwing punches. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Nice upper cut. There you go. You talk about him in and out, in and out. Well, there he is. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; I guess his I guess his leg is all right now. And you know, it's it's very difficult to fight him because he throws punches from all angles, you know. He's off balance, but he can still throw a throw a punch, you know. He just did that with the upper cut being off balance. So, Nishioka's got to be very careful of what he wants to do, but he's got to have to start throwing combinations. Nishioka very cautious in the first two rounds. There's not been much offense. And he gets booed by the crowd. It's not really fair because this is a premier boxing match. I mean, these guys aren't opening up. They're just I've given Nonito the first two rounds. Let's see these knees coming together here now, Carlos, and I think they've got it for us. It's There it was. Uh not as bad as I thought it was. Yeah, he was off balance more than the knocking of the knee. Something happened to that right knee. And we'll watch it and see if that swells up or he has any problem. They don't seem to be working on it or straightening it out over there, so maybe it's no issue. They're doing good. Be patient. They just keep telling him he's doing good. There's not much instruction as to what he should do cuz he's not doing good. Maybe just hanging in there, they consider he's doing well. Box, gentlemen. Nick Erie doing the translations for us, so we appreciate that. And here we go to round number three. This is scheduled for 12 rounds and it's going to be a boxing match. You can't expect the type of war that we saw in that first fight of the evening. Uh last fight of the evening, I should say. It's amazing to me when Nishioka is still dry and everybody still looks dry like he's he's uh not perspiring and telling me this is the third round. Well, this is kind of a new thing for him. They don't have any outdoor arenas that they have boxing in in Japan to my knowledge. So, he's probably this probably the first time he's fought outside where Nonito has fought here in this very arena a couple of times. He's used to fighting outside in the Philippines. It's a chess match here. Nishioka hasn't opened up at all as far as I can see except for trying to go downstairs on a couple of occasions. He's having success. He's throwing a couple of left hands straight to the body. But yeah, he's got to do something. And the crowd starts to hoot and holler a bit, too. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And you hear the Mexican fans that are here and attendance whistling, that's not a good thing. &gt;&gt; they're booing him. It's like in a bullfight when they start touching the bull, they start whistling. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; It's not easy for Donaire either because Nishioka doesn't seem to want to really mix it up and he and Donaire is in and out in and out. Yeah, it's pretty tough to fight a this kind of fight with where you know, opponent is completely on the defense and defensive uh and not throwing punches and and just completely uh trying to survive. And he can't he can't reach him with the jab. We mentioned a couple of times he had the left hand down. Well, that time he committed himself to it and you saw what happened even though Donaire didn't catch a big piece of him, he did catch little bits of him. And he's concerned about that. You're right, Carlos. He's very concerned with that left hook. Consequently, that right hand is high and he continues to circle to his left. He doesn't like going back to his right although he had to that time because he was caught up against the ropes. And you see the expression on the face of the Japanese fighter, it's all concerned and Nonito either. It's just another day at the office for him. 15 seconds to go in the third round here in Carson, California. Nice counter punch that time. Nishioka finally gets something through. Got the jab through that time. Round three is in the books and Donaire has won them all just out-boxing this guy. Now, this is a a point that really Donaire is going to be careful he doesn't get impatient because he's won the first three rounds. He could do this for 12 rounds. It wouldn't please the crowd but it would please his record and his pocketbook. Absolutely and he does you know, tend to kind of overreach. Here we go. There's there's uh Donaire &gt;&gt; Donaire with a straight right hand and and Nishioka just covering up and he's going to have to find a way to do something. He's he's landed that straight left to the body. Maybe he can do something with But right now, he's not able. This is Rachel, Donaire's wife. Lovely lady. She was at the fight of meetings yesterday. We had the opportunity to meet her. She loves coming to the fights to support her husband. A lot of the fighters wives don't like it at all. All right, here we go. This is round number four. Donaire has uh done a nice job uh out-boxing Nishioka. Once in a while, you'll hear me say Donaire. That's the way they pronounce it in the Philippines and I and when I talk to him, I say Donaire so I haven't got lost my mind. I know it's Donaire here in the United States. So, that that those punches that that uh Donaire just threw, that's the only thing he has to be careful with cuz how he jumps in, sometimes he gets off balance. And he could he get caught coming in like that so that's the only thing he has to be careful of. But so far, Nishioka is not doing anything so he doesn't have to worry. Yeah, you know, there's a little bit of puffiness by both the eyes of uh Donaire so I mean, Nishioka must be getting something in there every once in a while. That's a nice move that Donaire does. He he'll he misses the punch and kind of almost grabs over the head and jumps around so he can't be hit. Crowd's really getting on him now. This is going to affect Donaire because he he he will pick up the pace. He will listen to the crowd. Tried to throw a heavier punch that time. He hits hard to the body. Right now, he doesn't seem to have any respect for anything that Nishioka may or may not do. Nice uppercut that time by Nishioka that got the attention of Donaire. Donaire quick on his feet, sliding left, comes with that to sneaky uppercut again with the left hand. He's filled with confidence, goes with the right hand lead. Has stayed as a orthodox fighter the entire fight as has Nishioka stayed as a southpaw the entire fight. Time to time, we've seen Donaire switch but he hasn't in this fight and he's filled with confidence in this fight. Got clipped with the light straight left hand again which has been the only effective punch at all for Nishioka. Nishioka, that was the first time he actually threw something to the head and it was Well, [cheering] you know, it's tough it's tough him to jab because when Donaire commits himself to come in, he's always throwing stuff. He doesn't enter the kill zone uh waltzing. He comes in throwing so it's tough him to hold him off with that jab and he also jabs from angles. He's in front of him now but he shifts around. Nishioka is really fighting a cautious fight though. Far too cautious to this point of the fight. Even the referee, Raul Caiz uh seen as he said, "Come on, guys. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; There's some hand speed shown by Donaire. Good right hand lands on Nishioka at the bell. Backs him off. The crowd in general was spoiled with the first fight of the evening. Maybe Rios is right, Bob. Arum should have made it the main event because nobody would be pleased with this sort of fight and yet the boxing aficionados, they say, "Oh, we don't want to just see knockouts. We want to see a good fight." Well, this is good boxing even though Nishioka is not doing much but it's great to watch Nonito Donaire taking away from him totally. And you know, don't forget Nishioka is a guy that's won a couple of world titles. This isn't a a walk in the park for Nonito. Well, that was a I thought that was a jab that he threw. We hadn't seen a jab before so you know, he almost got countered there. And there he and there's Donaire. Steps in, throws his com- combination, steps out. Nonito hardly showing the wears of the fight at all. And here we go. Round number five. This is scheduled for 12. Let's see if Nonito tries to finish this thing off a little bit earlier. He seems like he has an adrenaline flow like he wants to do what he said he wouldn't do and that's pick it up because he wants to put on a uh a good show. There's quite a few Japanese people here in attendance but they don't cheer like Americans do. And certainly not like Mexicans do and Filipinos. Oh, that's a nice jab. Straight left to the body and that's &gt;&gt; that's that's all that's all that Nishioka has been able to do in the entire fight is land some of those left hands downstairs. Now, since the southpaw, this is his power shot but it's not hurting Nonito. Donaire up on his toes. Very quick with that left hand whether he uses it as a jab or uses it as his power hook. Trying to set up his left hook. You know, I think Nonito needs to do is throw more straight right hands and lull him lull him to sleep with the right hand and then nail him with the left because this kid Nishioka, it's clear he just does not want to get hit with a left hook to the head. Nonito doing everything he can to get this fight going and try to do and you know, try to damage this guy but he just can't really catch him flushed and front feet are getting caught up as you heard the referee say, "Watch the feet." But you know, when you're fighting a southpaw with orthodox fighter, there's nothing you can do about the feet except try to have the outside position. Exactly. You know, And you're certainly not watching. But I you know, I I I think Donaire's being a little bit too careful himself. You know, I don't know if kind of power Nishioka has but he's being very careful and you know, cuz I think he could just step this up and start throwing a lot more punches and you know, maybe get it hurt Nishioka because he's not really doing anything. But don't forget Nishioka does have 24 knockouts in 29 wins so I mean, he's been fighting in the Far East so we don't know as much about him as we do about Nonito but Nonito is you know, he's being smart. Don't forget the Alvarado fight. Alvarado was cruising along. It looked like it was going to be a long night for Brandon and then like a bolt out of the blue, Rios dumped him and unloaded up about nine shots and the referee had to stop the fight. &gt;&gt; That was amazing. You bet Alvarado didn't go down and take the knee. I I was I was couldn't see him but a great night for Brandon Rios. And here's Nishioka starting to pick it up a little bit. These last four rounds step away. And maybe the fifth round is it's maybe his best round of the fight but nowhere near enough to to win the round yet. All right, the bell ends the fifth round. Now, Nishioka, if he's going to win this fight or get in the fight, has really got to pick up the pace down and go offense. &gt;&gt; that round there towards the end trying to throw that jab a little bit more so I think if he would get comfortable with his jab, get it behind his jab, he he might be able to do something here. They're telling him in the corner to move his feet and to move in general more. Saying, "Breathe. Breathe." &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Freddie Roach, our old pal, my pal from Dedham, Massachusetts. Manny Pacquiao's man. But he's done a remarkable job handling the disease and Parkinson's and still works in the ring with his fighters and he tells me that keeps him young and it keeps him flexible and and holds off the disease as much as possible. Back in the corner. See Freddie still trying to operate and then you see Muhammad Ali from time to time and it's, you know, Muhammad doesn't feel bad for himself, but I do. Here we go with round number six. Cuz I called all his fights, you know, in those years, so I'm just seeing the Muhammad that I knew. Nonito Donaire. Red trunks with a white trim from the Philippines, doing a nice job from General Santos City. Nishioka in the last minute of the last round picked it up, but other than that he hasn't done much in this fight. He's catching a lot of punches. Every once in a while he throws a straight left hand, but it's downstairs. He hasn't gone to the head much of uh Nonito. And you know, in the first minute of the fight it was clear to us right away that Nonito had faster hands. Yeah, absolutely. You know, he's got to try to land something. I mean, he just He just can't walk in like that and and not throw punches. There's a jab, but The thing that doesn't make it as explosive as the last fight is that Nonito uh rather uh Nishioka goes into a a uh a shell when he's attacked uh when Donaire comes in. He doesn't fight him back. He tries to go defense. At some stage I expect a fighter with the credentials that he has to open up, but he hasn't done it yet. And the fight's beginning [cheering] to slip away. He certainly is not going to think that he can wear this guy down. Well, he made a nice move there to try to land that uppercut, but missed it. He is more competitive in this sixth round than he has been in other rounds. He seems to be going a little bit offensive-minded, but you see how much he's been concentrating on not getting hit by a left hook with that right hand up here. Instead he's getting hit with uppercuts. Another thing, he doesn't have the fluidity of motion that Nonito has. Even Nonito gets off balance, &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; he can still throw a punch like in the same Muhammad or somebody like that. Makes him very dangerous. That's why Nishioka is just not Caught him with an uppercut and dropped him. A nice shot. Counts up to three [cheering] and four and five. He'll get up. His eyes are clear. He takes the standing eight count. That was a very good uppercut by Nonito. Now he'd like to finish him off and end this cuz that's what people have been waiting for. And he's on the assault heavily now. It wasn't a very heavy knockdown, but it was a good [cheering] solid knockdown and it's forced the Japanese fighter to try to fight. And now we got us a bit of a war right now. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; As Nishioka wants to stay in there. Nice series of uppercuts. Actually, his hands were down and hit the canvas, but he was pushed down. That was Nonito Donaire. He just let him push him down. He did. And Nishioka might survive this. 15 seconds, 14, 13, 12, 10 seconds now to go. [cheering] Crushing right hand to the left ear. Oh, big shot. Nonito has really [cheering] controlled this round. He got the knockdown and now Nishioka says, "Come on, let's fight." Well, maybe that will ignite him, but he's way behind in the fight with a knockdown. Told him good work. I I don't know what these guys are talking about in his corner. Well, you know, maybe it's a good job that he survived that. That's the only thing I can do. Watch the knockdown. Watch the uppercut. Straight right hand. Digging body shot. You know, that body shot might have hurt him, too. And a nice uppercut is another angle. And this is a big shot at the end. That is a really good left hook. That's one he's been fearing. Maybe he knows he can survive the left hook and watching out for the uppercut now. Maybe Nishioka will open up this round. He's got to if he's going to have any chance of winning this fight. On the other hand, you know, it was in the last fight when Meteboula was knocked down in the fourth round that Donaire changed his whole style and went to just strictly trying to go for the knockout. So, let's see if he goes back in boxing. He looks like he wants to throw with with plenty of malice right now. He wants to take him out. Right eye of Nishioka is almost closed from that one big shot that he took at the end of the last round. When he gets that left jab and he's trying to protect that right eye. And that right eye is beginning to close up of Nishioka. Right now he's standing right in front of Donaire. Nishioka trying to get some jabs up. Nonito doesn't have any respect for his power at all, does he? He doesn't look like it, you know, and and Nishioka, I mean, when he throws that back when he throws that punch, it's got to come back and come come around with a hook. In this case it would be the right hook. Because he Yeah, cuz he throws with the left hand pretty [cheering] good. He landed that left hand and missed that one. Donaire able to duck underneath Nishioka's shot. But Nishioka does have a little bit more of adrenaline flowing though that right eye is closing up on him. Still protecting it, but he's been protecting it before it was hurt. And he's Nonito Donaire is pot-shotting now. That one partially blocked on the gloves. Nishioka in the way. What happened there? He hit him in the eye with a thumb or something? I I think it was It looked like a punch. It It looked like a punch to me, too, and Nonito walked away. It bothered him though, whatever it was. Maybe he got a little bit of a thumb in an eye. Well, I don't I really don't know why Nishioka walked away from that. That was not Yeah, he should have attacked him. Nishioka trying to make a fight out of it now here in the seventh round. He's boxing better than he did for the first five rounds of this fight. And then of course he got dropped in the sixth round. Nishioka goes with that left hand lead again. That's his power shot. It's been his most successful punch, but most of the time it's landed downstairs and hasn't hurt Nonito at all. Nonito you see on the toes trying to work in a position to land something powerful. He hasn't gone strictly head-hunting since the ninth round. Four left hooks to the front. You think that Nishioka did enough to win this round? Well, you know, he's starting to land that jab and he's throwing throwing I don't think so cuz he's he's still catching a lot of you know I didn't think so. I just wanted to get your opinion. So, I've got Nonito winning every single round and the sixth round he wins it by uh a 10-8 score. Making a nice sheet, 70 to 62. Which means that Nishioka would have to drop him a half a dozen times and as Nishioka's wife, she has a little bit of a concerned look on her face. Much as Carlos, this is what you talked about when he walked away after landing the punch. Watch. Watch your head, baby. Okay. He walks away. Boom. You know what? His own thumb His own thumb might have hit him in the eye. I think they hit they they bumped heads. Mouthpieces in. Seconds out. I think I'd like to see that again, but I guess we won't have time to see that again. All right. And here we go to round number eight. Nonito Donaire comfortably out in front in this fight. It so may have been Mike Alvarado. But Nishioka just doesn't seem to have the power even though Nonito's the one coming up, you know. He looks stronger. He looks quicker, faster on his feet. And Nishioka really didn't even seem to get into the fight until the sixth round and he got dropped in that round. He had his best round of the fight but not winning the seventh round. Talking about Nishioka. Nishioka's trying to pick up the pace here now. Still seems more concerned about protecting the right eye than being offensive-minded and resolving this guy. This isn't working. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; You know, at this stage if I'm in a fight I got to put my ears back and just let it go and see if I can pull something off like what Rios did against Alvarado. Exactly. He's got to be thinking that, you know, he's behind and and and they got a lot of knowing in the corner. He's got to get He's got to throw punches. One of the problems with the Japanese people is so courteous. They're not telling him the real story when he comes to the corner. They tell him, "You're doing good. You Everything they say is positive." They tell him. And they're not telling him he's so far behind in the fight that if he doesn't knock this guy out he can't win it. Nishioka seems to be forcing the fight and he's not throwing enough punches. Even though Nonito pushed him away you can see how strong Nonito is in this fight. He's ready for 122, that's for sure. Yeah, he's you know he's a big big getting bigger guy so you know he he able to put that weight on and be strong. And you know Nishioka, you know he he's coming in and he's forcing the fight but he's not throwing enough punches. You know a single punch is not going to do it. &gt;&gt; He doesn't jab his way in Carlos. You know he'll walk in walk in that time he throws a jab which picked off but no double jabs and no left hand behind it. Now you see that time he goes with the left hand one punch again. A nice combination finally. Nonito answers with a straight right hand. That's the way you beat a southpaw. Straight right hand down the middle. That one brushed away. I like that slick move that Nonito makes where he slides around with his right foot behind his left foot and twists his body to make a great back with a punch. You look good like that. Good shadow boxing but you better be ready to throw something and he is. Nishioka landed another straight left but he's paying for it now. And now it opens up. Both guys landing shots. Nonito looked like he was winding up to throw a ball from left field that time. You know of course he was going to throw a punch from left field. 10 seconds till the bell. Well that's the most action packed minute of this fight that we've had so far other than the knockdown. Nishioka is throwing actually opening up now. He's throwing that left hand at the top to the bottom. I'd like to see a hook a right hook come through after those single punches though. I don't know what his fight plan was but in watching what he's done he was cautious throughout the that he started to go in the sixth round and cost him a knockdown. He fought pretty well in the seventh round and he fought as good as he fought the eighth round but still Nonito is winning the round. And look who's already back ringside looking at this. Brandon Rios with his wife. And Freddy Roach right next to him. Brandon Lowe you can tell he was in a fight tonight though huh? And he was. He was in a war. It was everything that it lived up to. The only thing is he may not like it when we say it but I don't like to see him take that many punches. He he may have paid a heavy price for his victory tonight. He did pay a heavy price for his victory but it was great. It was great. Here we go. This is round nine. It's scheduled for 12. Home Depot Center Carson, California outside of Los Angeles. Watching Top Rank Boxing around the world. Nonito Donaire from the Philippines. Oh look at that a slip. It's another time that right leg okay Nonito? Once again these front feet getting tied up. You see our wide shot you see the the front feet getting tied up. He stepped on his toe and then a little push and down he went. Jab jab Nonito looking to throw the powerful right hand instead of just the left hook because in fairness to Nishioka he's done a nice job protecting the left side even though that right eye of his is beginning to close up. Protecting his right side I could have said. Really really concerned with the left hook isn't he? He really is and rightly so But too much at this stage of the fight. I mean he opened it up the last couple of rounds. He's got to let it fly. This isn't going to get it done for him. He's already wasted a minute here in the ninth round. That's right and you're right he's got to let it go and he's got to make a decision that you know either I'm going to you know go out on my back or I'm going to make this a fight and and try to win. Yeah I mean in the first five rounds of the fight it looked like a fighter that was ahead that was in survival mode instead of the first five rounds of a fight where you're trying to get some points. Sneaky uppercut by Nonito and then a body shot with the left hand. And is Nishioka trying to pick up the pace now? So a straight right hand dropped him. So it wasn't the left hand he had to worry about. That's a pretty good knockdown. He's hurt. He says he's okay but he's not and there's a lot of time. Nonito wins and that's it it's all over. He knew he wasn't ready to fight and he wasn't going to let Nonito Donaire hurt him. I think that's a good stoppage. Raul Caiz Sr. could be criticized but no way. You got to protect the fighter and Nishioka was not ready to fight. That's a brilliant win for Nonito Donaire. Beautiful beautiful fight for him. He scored his a ninth round technical knockout victory after knocking him down twice once in the sixth round and again in the ninth round. Caiz gave Nishioka the opportunity to get up. And a good night for Robert Garcia. There's Paco Valcarcel in there to congratulate his new WBO junior featherweight champion of the world. He'll get the WBO belt tonight. And that'll make Nonito a four-time world champion. Wasn't meant to be for this kid tonight. There were times in the sixth and seventh round even though he got knocked down in the sixth round that he got into the fight a little bit but never really got into it like Nonito fought tonight. Nonito looked stronger heavier throughout the course of the fight. And he just did an excellent job. Now with this fight we'll show you the end of the fight again. And you watch the big right hand shot that comes bang straight right hand knocks him out down and he's really hurt. You see how wobbly he is? He doesn't really know where he is and finally gets his hands back up. Ref says "Are you okay?" He says he's okay but he really isn't and watch Nonito come at him. He immediately covers up and as soon as Nonito cracks him with a big uppercut again the referee stops the fight and at that stage it was academic. We'll get the official announcement of the timing and the particulars from our ring announcer Michael Buffer. Ladies and gentlemen referee Raul Caiz Sr. steps in and calls a halt to the bout. The official time of 1 minute 54 seconds of round number nine. The winner by TKO victory and still the WBO junior featherweight champion of the world the Filipino Flash Nonito Donaire. So Nonito Donaire gets his WBO belt from president Paco Valcarcel. Yeah.