Kind: captions Language: en Big left hook by Valdez. Rock Medina. &gt;&gt; Just a left hook just landing on the butt from Valdez. [Applause] &gt;&gt; It'll materialize. A left to the body and right to the body by Valdez. The left hand over the top as well. &gt;&gt; Valdez slowing down just a little bit. Still landing a punishing left hook over the top. Good right hand by Medina. And one of the the keys to victory for Medina is high work rate. He's just got to throw volume. &gt;&gt; Good body work by Medina. Good counter left though by Valdez. His most effective punch, the right hand to the body by Valdez. Left hook by Valdez. Good left uppercut by Medina. Right over the top by Valdez. Medina with a right over the top. And now it's Valdez's now mouthpiece that pops out. &gt;&gt; Good left though against the ropes. Good left by Medina as well. But that is Valdez without a mouthpiece. Earlier it was Medina fighting with that one. But right over the top by Medina. Valdez answered with the right of his own. Good right uppercut by Valdez. Medina answering back and the rhythm beginning to pick up. Good right hand over the top by Medina. The Texan having his best moment of the fight here. Good left right hand by Medina. Valdez answering back with a left to his own to the body. &gt;&gt; Big right hand over the top from Vargas. Landed flush. His best punch in the last two minutes. And a left hook to punctuate that as well. Ricky Medina is a bigger man than Oscar Valdez. Good left hook by Valdez. Right hand over the top by Valdez. Left hook by Valdez. Medina straight ahead with a big digging left hook to the body by Vargas. Valdez. Another big right. Oh, big left by Medina of his own. Digging work and a right hand over the top by Valdez. Left to the body by Valdez. There's a right hand and there goes the mouthpiece of Medina again. Left hook by Valdez. The crowd loving the action. &gt;&gt; Whoa. This is the Oscar Valdez we love. Oh, the tape again &gt;&gt; with that right hand. &gt;&gt; Digging left hook to the body, but Ricky Medina answering back with shots of his own. Best combination. Ricky Medina. Big left hook though by the former champion. Big right hand over the top &gt;&gt; and all of a sudden that dominance that was on display in rounds two and rounds three is flashing itself here in round nine. Look at that right hand. &gt;&gt; And now, now you can see the Valdez wants to disengage. Seeing &gt;&gt; a glimpse of what a great fighter was in the past and what he could be going forward because all of a sudden what seemed to be a struggling Oscar Valdez is now a dominant, sharp, accurate Oscar Valdez. Right uppercut. The accuracy of Valdez here in round nine. That's been the big difference. Boom. Boom. Boom. More good stuff from Oscar Valdez. Big flurry from both men at the bell. Punches flying. Cape flying off the glove of Medina. Good stuff from both fighters. Good performance by both men &gt;&gt; by way of unanimous decision. Animeito Mexico super Oscar Valdez Oscar Valdez triumphant in his return to his hometown of Mgales Ra 33 and three with 24 knockouts.