Kind: captions Language: en Time to go to school. Time to go to school now. Time to go to school now. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; All right. You got any questions? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's go to school. &gt;&gt; All right. Punch him up. Let's go. Come on. &gt;&gt; Well, there you hear the corner of Jazzy Jeff Mayweather. And that's Eddie Mustafa Muhammad and Alex Reed. And let's go to school now. He says, "I'm going to school you, young boy. We're going to show you what it's like to fight professionally." Only the fourth fight from Oscar De La Hoya professionally. Of course, he fought 330 times as an amateur and he's only 20 years old, but he's only been in the ring professionally, four fights, and we head for an eight rounder here. Sit back and enjoy. Jazzy Jeff Mayweather in the black and white trunks. And it is Oscar De La Hoya in the white trunks, trimmed with gold. And already De La Hoya scores a right. And another right to the head of Mayweather here to start round one. Lightweights weighing 135 lbs in yesterday's weighin. and they're in for a battle royale tonight. Glad you can be with us here on a worldwide pay-per-view. I'm Kevin McCay bringing you the exciting action. Hope you're enjoying it wherever you may be. We see great fighting all night tonight. And this proves to be even more exciting. La Hoya establishing himself here in the first round with a left to the face of Jazzy Jeff Mayweather. Mayweather's brother, Roger Mayweather, the twotime world champion. Mayweather coming off a loss, a big time loss to Romero as well as Todd Foster. He lost to Todd Foster in Montana back in August and December. He struggled again losing a 10 round decision to Romero, but here he is and he is back. Jeff Mayweather, he has nothing to prove other than to get himself back on track with a win over De La Hoya. And you see De La Hoya appears focused on the on the operative here in round one. He continues to score at will in round one. Setting up the jab. Both right-handed fighters. De La Hoya's wins have come over Lamar Williams. Cliff Hicks both in the first round. Paris Alexander in the second round. And last month he beat Curtis Strong in the fourth round in San Diego, California. Of course, his well fabled story, his mother died of breast cancer when he was 37 years old. He vowed to win the gold medal at the summer Olympic games in Barcelona for his mother and indeed he did. And a very touching story, De La Hoya paid a visit to her grave afterwards, putting the gold medal on her grave. Now, he's turned in a gold medal performance here in the first round. Final minute of round one. Referee is Mitch Halpurn. &gt;&gt; And Mayweather really hasn't been a whole lot. He moves a lot, but he has been hit a lot here in the first round. Dale La Hoya backing him up constantly, keeping Mayweather off balance. &gt;&gt; Interesting to see how well conditioned J La Hoya is. Trains in East Los Angeles. signed with Bob Arum in top rank and he appears on his way to a bright future as he backs Mayweather into the rope. Mayweather dodges and moves in the corner and Mustafa Eddie Mustafa Mohamd says that's what we want and he walks into a left hand by De La Hoya and as the bells sound for round one as Eddie Mustafa Muhammad says let's get busy here in round two from the Las Vegas Hilton Convention Center. Boy, hope you're enjoying tonight's fights. tonight and hope you're excited about what's to come tonight. Taking a look at round one. Now they've got De La Hoya really didn't score on many of his punches. Although we scored him here on the worldwide tour as winning round one. Interesting as the Compute Box disagrees with us for once. Mayweather goes to the body. So perhaps that's what's working for him. Round two. This one scheduled for eight rounds of boxing action here. De La Hoya in white and Mayweather in the black trunks. Jazzy Jeff Mayweather 28 years old &gt;&gt; and I stand corrected. He is coming off a win. He decision Romero that after losing to Todd Foster back in August of last year. But &gt;&gt; he has fought some great fights over the years &gt;&gt; in the lightweight division, beating Juan Alvarado, &gt;&gt; Zala. And now a big left hand to the head of Mayweather by De La Hoya. And he backs him up. And again, Mayweather continues to back up as De La Hoya scores at will. Oscar de la Hoya the gold medal winner over the United States in the summer games in Barcelona and he scores again and he appears to have Mayweather hurt here in round two. Mayweather covering up and again De La Hoya scores with a right and sets him up with a left hand as he walks into it. Jeff Mayweather taking a lot of punches here early. &gt;&gt; Moved early in round one and now he seems to have slowed down and that's giving De La Hoya the chance to score with a right there. La Hoya. &gt;&gt; Oh, he lands a big left to the head and rocks Mayweather back onto his heels and sets him up again and just misses and can't seem to land as Mayweather dodges and weaves away and then a right to the head as he backs Mayweather up. A right to the head and Mayweather can't seem to get his hands up. Little swelling over the left under the left eye of Roger Mayweather here in round number two. Blood splattering over De La Hoya appears to come from the the left eye of Roger Mayweather and like a shark in feeding. There goes De La Hoya going right for the eye. &gt;&gt; Mayweather taking a lot of punches as De La Hoya sets him up here in round two. &gt;&gt; De La Hoya showing his speed and versatility here as he moves in. Final seconds of round two. play. I hope you're joined us with blood. Blood now coming from the right to left cheek of Jeff Mayweather as we come to the end of round two. Two there &gt;&gt; and again we'll take a look at the copy box scores. It appears that that Mayweather may have won round one of the copy box. But De La Hoya has taken control here as we head for round three. Oscar De La Hoya and Jeff Mayweather. The corner work Eddie Mustafa Muhammad for Jeff Mayweather saying this guy is nothing. Well, Alo Hoya scored it well there in round two. Perhaps that inspired Mayweather as you see there. 48% of the punches landing by De La Hoya. So, he has come back strong here to perhaps take the advantage. And he scores a left to the chin of Jeff Mayweather. Boy, he continues to back him up here in round number three. Mayweather hits him with an open open glove and really nothing there. And again a strong left to the head of Jeff Mayweather. De La Hoya scoring it well in round three as he moves in. Bob Middleman and Steve Nelson have done a great job managing De La Hoya along with Bob Arum of top rank. A lot of people question whether they had put them put him in the ring with a two top of an opponent too early in his career and this is proving all those people wrong. D Hoya appears poised and ready for anything as he backs up Mayweather. He dances across the ring here in round number three. Kevin McCain bringing you the blowby-blow action here worldwide pay-per-view brought to you by Forum Incorporated Boxing and Top Rank in the Las Vegas Convention Center. Hope you're enjoying this one. Already seen a couple of knockouts here. Jorge Pas knocking out Felix Ramon Felix and just moments ago in the heavyweights, Jorge Gonzalez knocking out Big Mike White. This is round three. again. Oh, excuse me. De La Hoya backs Mayweather into the corner. And now it appears he's going to hurt. He's got Mayweather rocked against the rop. Mayweather holds on to try to catch his breath. Jeff Mayweather works his way out of the corner. The left eye appears to be a little bit swollen. Jazzy Jeff backing up here. &gt;&gt; De La Hoya working his way in. Oscar de la Hoya. East Los Angeles 4 and0. Four by knockout. Many thought he would have his hands full tonight. He appears to be in control as as Jeff Mayweather dances around the ring to a chorus of booze from the fans here at the Las Vegas Convention Center. A big left again by De La Hoya trying to set up the jab and then score with the the big right. Big up undercut and the fans start to jam Oscar. Final 20 seconds of round three. An exciting lightweight battle here. &gt;&gt; La Hoya looks really unfaced. I mean, he really looks like he did when he stepped into the ring. &gt;&gt; Interesting to see if Mayweather could keep him around long enough. As we come to the end of round number three, locker rooms for us here worldwide. Hearing the very confident comments from Michael Carvajal. That's still to come. Right now, we've got Oscar De La Hoya and Jazzy Jeff Mayweather. Round four of this lightweight battle going on here. And De La Hoya appears ahead on all scoring cards as again he backs up Mayweather here. Still to come, our main event, Michael Carl, the IBF Junior Flyweight Champ taking on Alberto Chakita Gonzalez, the WBC junior flyweight champ. unifying those two belts here at the Las Vegas Hilton Convention Center tonight. &gt;&gt; Boy, it's been a great night of fights here. The fans 7,000 plus enjoying the fights at the Las Vegas Hilton. Those of you around the world getting it up close thanks to pay-per-view and TVO. De La Hoya catches Mayweather on the chin and again rocks him back into the ropes. And now he sits him down with a big left hand TO THE CHIN OF JEFF MAYWEATHER. Oscar De La Hoya erupts him and sent him to the canvas with a left hand and he looks really dazed. &gt;&gt; All right, the referee Mitch Halford says, "Let's get busy." Still plenty of time here in round four. De La Hoya has the canvas and we'll see if Mayweather has anything left. Like a shark and freshy. Here comes Alo Hoya. De La Hoya trying to work his way in. TRYING FOR THE kill here. He hasn't had to go longer than four rounds. And now he lands another big right to the head of Mayweather. And he's got a block now into the road. This is the punches. MAYWEATHER IS HURT and does not Oscar de la Hoy is going to be fire. Oh. Oh. So for all those doubters, all those doubters who said Oscar De La Hoya was dividing off more than they could chew here for Jeff Mayweather, they have proved them wrong tonight. Oscar De La Hoya, his crew of Steve Nelson, Bob Middleman now 5 and0 knockouts and another step toward not only winning a gold medal but a world championship. Team De La Hoya. Another look back and you'll see he really caught him on the chin there with a left. A chin rocked him back and then the big right to the head continues to send Mayweather back. &gt;&gt; There's the left to the chin that sends him to the canvas. Mayweather got up and he appeared to be hurt. The right and there's the left to the chin &gt;&gt; and Jazzy Jeff is down. He was stunned. He got the standing a count. And oh my, De La Hoya really rocked him again. &gt;&gt; Another left to the chin. Mayweather's down. He really couldn't answer. Pushed back in the rope and Mitch Halpern said enough is enough. This fight was over. There's the big left of the head. And I think that's what indicated to Mitch Halpern that Mayweather really didn't have anything left to throw at that point. So, it appears &gt;&gt; that Oscar De La Hoya is on his way to a gold medal. Let's go now to the ring and Al Bernstein to get some comments &gt;&gt; along with ringing out Jimmy Lennon Jr. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time. 1 minute 35 seconds in round number four. The referee in charge, Mitch Halpern, stops the contest. The winner by way of technical knockout. He is still undefeated with a perfect record of 5-0 with five knockouts, the golden boy, Oscar de la.