Kind: captions Language: en Since early in the fight back, big uppercut by a nice left hand underneath by 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC Super Lightweight Championship of the World. &gt;&gt; Right hand by Dale La Hoya. catches Chavez up high in the head already. Cut over cut over the eye of Chavez. A bad cut has already developed. Chavez bleeding from the left eye and bleeding badly. It's the way that the young Sugar Ray Leonard was against the older Roberto Durant. And Shaw does a good job of cutting off the ring there and then landed the body shot. Now De La Hoya comes back and here's the war we expected. &gt;&gt; Caught again, Rich. Blood pouring out of the eye of Chavez. Now Chavez hurt by a left hook. Oh, stiff combination by De La Hoya. Stagger Chavez and Chavez is bleeding from the nose. Brilliant combinations by Oscar De La Hoy drives a left hook to the block to the body and Julio Caesar's face is a crimson mask. &gt;&gt; Too fast. Oscar's too fast for him. &gt;&gt; There still seems to be fight left in Chavez. And now the doctor is going to be summoned into the ring again. He's going to talk seriously here to Joe Cortez about it. Fight is over. &gt;&gt; De La Hoya is the winner in round four. Oscar De La Hoya has assumed the torch has been passed. &gt;&gt; 12 rounds of boxing for the welterweight championship of the world. Good left uppercut by Dan La Hoya. That one locked Whitaker back. Another left hook by Dan La Hoya and Whitaker fell back. The bruising around the right eye of Whitaker is becoming more. Whitaker clowns but probably lost the round. De La Hoya fast but again missing most of those punches. He may want to work to the body a little bit more. Hey, great hand from Whitaker. De La Hoya goes down. Is it a knockdown? Oh, it's a knockdown. &gt;&gt; It is a knockdown. They are counting it off. &gt;&gt; Good right hand by De La Hoya. Top of the head. De La Hoya flurrying late again trying to steal the round on the judges cards. I suspect in the final 30 seconds they'll both open up. &gt;&gt; Some good body shots from De La Hoya in that exchange. and new featherweight champion of the world. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC welterweight championship of the world. &gt;&gt; One of my rounds on my score. Here comes Delhoya. Kamacho takes some more big shots. Body shot. Another one. Kamacho going back trying to get on the bicycle. Deloya continues with the body attack. An opportunity to close it. Kamacho on Wley Lakes. Sometimes they they use their post energy early. There's a big left up. &gt;&gt; There he comes. &gt;&gt; Kell Hoya coming on. Kamacho gets away. Final minute of the seven leg. Slippery. Macho Kamacho. Good left hook by De Hoya. Kamacho in the corner here then since early in the fight going back. Big uppercut by the Kamacho has to he gets right up with that long leaping uppercut. Unfurled major damage on the Nacho mano not interested in doing that there. Back to the body continues to come on the hurt again. &gt;&gt; He can't tie up now. Yeah, he's having trouble tying it up. &gt;&gt; And still WBC welterweight champion of the world, the Golden Boy, Oscar. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC Welterweight Championship of the World. Keep them up. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Right. [Applause] Heat. The unification bout for the IBF and WBC titles in the welterweight division. &gt;&gt; Good jabs by Trinidad, but then Delhoya comes back in his own. Good uppercut by Delhoya. Tito, that was a great body shot by D. However, Tito has looked a little more urgent in his desire to get it Oscar in this round. But Oscar working that jab as did the right good right hand hook from Del Hoya. Trinidad continues his assault. Good right hand by Felix Trinidad. He's not doing anything to wear Oscar De La Hoya down. Right hand again gets in by De La Hoya. And again, De La Hoya steals the action at the end of the round with the jab by Trinidad. Power right by De La Hoya and the wide hook of Trinidad. Very bad for him. Oh, that one got in. I thought there'd be some hellacious exchanges. It hasn't been that way, but De La Hoya picking up in confidence now, letting the combinations fly. &gt;&gt; The hook again by Trinidad. Good hook again by Trinidad. And with only seconds remaining, it's Trinidad having one of his better rounds of this bout. And lands couple of right hands against Oscar. Faints there. Big right hand by Trinidad. Another one of the world. [Applause] 12 rounds of boxing for the welterweight championship of the war. Mley goes southpaw lands a left hand to the body and goes quickly back to the orthodox stance. And now De La Hoya trying to move inside. Heavy exchange with a small chance for Shane. Oh, good right hand and another right hand by Mosley. And De La Hoya digs downstairs. Good enough to the body by De La Hoya. Good uppercut by Mosley. &gt;&gt; Good right hand by De La Hoya. &gt;&gt; Good combination by Mosley again to the body. &gt;&gt; Good right hand by Mosley. &gt;&gt; Good combination by Oscar. &gt;&gt; Good left hook by Mley. right on top of them landing big shots. Good heavy exchanges. Both men landing the shots. Good right hand by Shane Moley. Another right hand by Mosley. Mosley working hard. Del Hoya getting Oh, Moses left Hoya. Del Hoya. Look at the cuts on Del Hoya. Big right hand. Another right hand by newweight champion of the world. And there it is. [Music] 12 rounds of boxing. World class boxing in the welterweight division. [Applause] 4 5 6 7 8 Come to me. You all right? You okay? Heat up here. [Applause] 12 rounds of boxing &gt;&gt; for the super Welterweight Championship of the World. He's had a great championship fight. You got to adjust. Good body from Mosley to the left side of a good right hand from the first two rounds, but now he's just unload. Good uppercut right to the chin. Good exchange there. Both fighters getting off some shots. Land that hook. Good right hand over the top. Mosley felt that. I believe they're going to get busy here, Rich. Body punch from Mosley. Left hook from Mosley. Little left hook for Mosley. Oscar's got to shake off the cobwebs and come back. And this is what boxing is all about. This is why these left hand for Mosley. This is why these fans paid a lot of money to see this. and new super heavyweight champion of the world, super Shane Mo. 12 rounds of boxing for the undisputed middleweight championship of the world. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's fighting a better second round now. Oscar just landed a right hand. Final seconds of the round. Oscar throwing punches, showing his speed. &gt;&gt; Oh, big right hand from Hawkins. &gt;&gt; That was quick, baby. &gt;&gt; The man who's held the middleweight title longer 18 defenses than anyone in history. &gt;&gt; Good body shot. That was a nice left hand underneath by Oscar. This could be the end for Oscar de La Hoya. &gt;&gt; 10 and out. Knockout Hopkins. Ninth round. &gt;&gt; 12 rounds of boxing in the welder division. &gt;&gt; He looks tight right now, too. Manny nails him with a right hand. And look at Manny. Look at the amount of punches he's throwing there. &gt;&gt; And the power. Here's a guy that's come up from 106 and he's a legitimate welterweight power culture here. &gt;&gt; There are some judges that could have gone the other way in that one. So, Oscar finally plants a right hand to the body then upstairs the corner of Pacquiao namely Freddy Roach saying he'll get caught in the corner. Now Dana Hoya's caught in the corner and look at this guy go. Minute 15 seconds to go and Dana Hoya is in trouble. He can't get off these ropes here. &gt;&gt; And he nailed him with a right hand. He's all over him right now. Oscar's hurt. Pacquiao pouring the pressure on. Finally, Oscar steps away. Don't mess with this guy. And the power shots are right downstairs. And look at Pacquiao battles at the end of the eighth round trying to stop Oscar Deoya in his track. He knows he's 35 and it's all over. The fight is stopped. It's all over. De La Hoya can't answer the bell for the ninth round.