Kind: captions Language: en Kenny Bennett now does his job of clearing the ring. Final instructions going up here be considered a clean punch. Now gentlemen, we went over rules in the dressing room. I want you to keep this fight clean at all times. Protect yourself at all times. And what I say, you must obey. Good luck. Touch them up. 10point nocoring system. No standing eight count, no three knockdown rules. A fighter cannot be saved by the belt in any round. Only the referee can stop a fight. I'm the Colonel Bob Sher along with Honey Motor and Christina Puncher. Glad that you can be with us. Our principles in there, Manny Pacquiao, and five time world champs in three different weight divisions. Here we go. Manny starts out fast on the first shots of the fight. He said he'd stay fast, he'd get fast, and remain that way throughout the fight. And it looks like that's what he wants to do. Marquez said on the other hand, he's going to feel my power tonight before it's over. We'll see how it goes. &gt;&gt; Marquez has definitely built up. Comes in at 143 lbs, the heaviest he's ever been. But he says he feels good. He feels like he still maintains some speed, and that's what he tried to do with his new physical trainer. And if he's able to stay with Manny Pacquiao throughout this fight speedwise, then I think he's got a good shot at pulling this off. If not, it'll be a long night. &gt;&gt; Well, we'll see. Train, you know, with a scientist and strength coach, Anel Hernandez, who was with Balo, so there's a lot of talk about that. And of course, that was involved with the steroid era, but he's totally clean. He's given blood, given urine. And he is big and he is strong. But Pacquiao is so quick and everybody knows his strength. Remember Pacquiao's knocked him down three times in the first fight and one time in the third round of the second fight. Marquez has never been able to execute that, but he's vowed that he will. &gt;&gt; Manny with the jab. &gt;&gt; So far, it's been Manny who's landed the cleaner shots. He hasn't been able to, you know, land one to definitely get Marquez's attention, but he's landed two or three solid punches. &gt;&gt; Marquez very cut around the midsection, though. He looks a lot thicker than he usually does, but obviously he a lot of sit-ups. Manny Pacquiao in great shape both physically and emotionally for this fight. Freddy Rogers said holding the pads from his hands have felt heavier than at any time. for both guys is strong so far. Marquez is missing more than he's hitting. Pacquiao is landing more clean shots. Boy, Manny looks really informed tonight, doesn't he? He up in the toes, bouncing in and out, back and forth, side to side. Captured that jab in his gloves. &gt;&gt; He said he was going to be more aggressive, and he's definitely been aggressive here in the first round. &gt;&gt; Marquez also said he was going to be more aggressive, and he really hasn't been. Manny dictating the flow early. &gt;&gt; He's a natural counter puncher and that's what he does best. &gt;&gt; So if Manny comes at him most of the night, that bodess well for Marcus. &gt;&gt; His counter punching style will let him get off a little bit more as if he's the one that's pressing. &gt;&gt; You got to remember too, he's 39 years of age. Both of these men have been in wars over their career. So both of them would be a little bit older than their chronological age in terms of their ring age. &gt;&gt; That's a Pacquiao round in the way I see it. &gt;&gt; I would have to agree with you on that. &gt;&gt; Now the judges by the way and there's a lot of talk about judging as you see Freddy Roach working on Manny. Most people want to hear this so I'll get to my point in a minute. He's moving laterally and he wants to land the left hand and he was able to do it two or three times. &gt;&gt; Left hook and the uppercut. Right hand down the middle. Combinations. That's what we want. &gt;&gt; All right. So, it's set to go to round number two. The Colonel Bob Sheran here with Moda and Christina Pa. Glad that you're with us wherever you are. This is what we've been waiting for for many, many months. Hako Marquez four. Manny started out the best of the two in the first round. Here we go with round number two. Remember, as Haime told you, Marquez is a counter puncher, and that's what he does best. And that's, you know, because he's a counter punch is probably why a lot of judges don't give him the full credit that he should. Counter punches don't get as much credit as the guy that's the more aggressive. And that's been the only difference in all three of these fights besides the knockdowns. &gt;&gt; Active aggressiveness, one of the criteria when you judge one uh you judge a fight &gt;&gt; and ring generalship. It seems like Manny's controlling the ring general ship. When they engage, he engages. Marquez has got to get off first a few times here now at that nice jab. &gt;&gt; It looks like he has a longer jab, but he doesn't. Their jabs are or their arms are both 6 to7 in their wingspan, I should say. &gt;&gt; Let's see if he's able to do what Nacho Stein told him. Left hook followed by the right uppercut. &gt;&gt; Well, Manny can be hit by the uppercut, but Manny delivers an uppercut and then a left hook of his own. In his case, it's a left power shot because he's a southpaw fighter. &gt;&gt; Straight left hand down the middle. The way you fight the right-handed guy. There is a left hook and then back upstairs by Marquez. They're into it now. &gt;&gt; But so far, it's been Manny, the one that's been taking the lead here in the first and second round. And he looks much quicker than Marcus so far. &gt;&gt; Much quicker. &gt;&gt; Another good left hand by Manny getting through. So far, Montez really hasn't done much. He was tagged pretty good by that shot by Manny Pacquiao. &gt;&gt; And one of those left hands, you know, in the first and second fight were the ones that sent him to the canvas. &gt;&gt; I know it's early, but I got to tell you something. I don't think the weight suits Marquez. I really don't. He doesn't look really crisp to me. I know he's in great shape, but I also know he's 39. Well, one of the things we knew he was not going to get any quicker, especially bulking up and, you know, being a year older, that definitely doesn't help. &gt;&gt; He doesn't look to me as crisp as he did in any of the early rounds, even though he got knocked down in the first round of the first fight, but after that, I mean, he was totally, in my opinion, dominant for most of the rest of the fight. Did he get dropped in the third round in the second fight? But he still looked more crisp than he does right now to me. That left hand will tell you something about crispness. And that's what they want. The left hook and right uppercut. Reaching that time was Juan Manuel. Manny very quick on his feet. Gets out of the way when this guy assaults him. Gets off first again. And first again does Manny Pac. The bell ends round two. Here we go to round three and Jim Grand Garden Arena. Judges Adelaide Bird, Steve Weisefeld from New Jersey, and John Keane from the UK. I started to tell you as we settled into the fight, there was a lot of controversy about who would judge this fight. Only one Nevada judge, and that's Adelaide Bird. And none of the previous judges from Nevada were allowed to judge this fight. Todd Debbuff, the president of Top Rank Boxing, decided he wanted the judges to get together and explain exactly to each other how they're going to score this fight, which they did today. &gt;&gt; Ordinarily, judges don't get together and talk before the fights at all. One of the things Manny worked on a lot at the wild card gym with Freddy Roach was moving to his right to stay away from Marcus' right hand. Thus far, he's moving completely the opposite direction. He's circling to the left and he's he's allowing Marcus to time him for that right hand. But, you know, you've heard Freddy say in previous fights, you know, he trained for this, he did this, and then he went back to doing what he wants to do. fighters once the once the bell sounds they kind of do what they want to do and he's fighting the way he always does fight. Let's see if at any time does he trying to move a little bit to the right little bit around for Marquez this time. &gt;&gt; He's still waiting a little too long to get off. &gt;&gt; He is hanging. &gt;&gt; But the question to me is is he waiting or can he get off? That's my question. And that's a very good question though because if HE for the first TIME THERE'S THE POWER OF ONE for the first time. So did get knocked down. That's what his legs back. This is the one thing everybody has BEEN WAITING TO SEE WHETHER MARCUS actually could hurt Manny Pacquiao. He did it just with a straight right hand. It was powerful and and it wasn't as if Manny just fell down. He literally dropped. It was a big big right hand by Marcus. But what he hasn't done in the last few fights is go after Manny. And he's not doing it now either. He's reverting back to the counter puncher. big left. He really needed to go after Manny when he hurt him cuz he definitely hurt him hurt Manny. Manny's legs still look heavy. He's got big big legs to begin with, but they look very heavy as he tries to run a little bit. And people are cheering Marquez Marquez. We got a fight this time, folks. As if we didn't the first three times. LOOK AT THESE GUYS LOADING UP SHOTS. Here comes the battle. Wow, how about that at THE BATTLEFIELD won the first two. It's dead even again after three with a knockdown. And I think right now they've got to be worried in Manny's corner because they really didn't think that Marcus could hurt Manny. And there's that overright looping hand that caught Manny straight right on the right side of his face. HERE IT IS AGAIN. RIGHT over Manny's left hand. And Manny seems stunned, surprised. Oh, he had everything wrong with that, didn't he? And you know what? Not only does this give confidence to Marquez, but Manny hasn't been rocked like that as far as I can remember. I don't remember it ever. Ever. All right, we go to round four so much for I thought that Marquez was lethargic. He might be a little bit slower, but he found a a right spot for that right hand, which was the jaw of Manny Pacquiao. He ted it and he did get it off. You know what? I don't know if this has any bearing into what's going to happen later on or how they feel after the fight, but it's a small victory for Ju Manuel Marquez to know that he put Manny Pacquiao on the canvas. Whether he wins or not, that is a small victory for Marquez. &gt;&gt; It's a small victory for him, but he wants a definitive victory. He wants to drop him again and again if he has to. But you know, you pointed out another thing. I mean, that after he knocked him down, he didn't assault him. He went back to counter punching. And here they really, you know, this is scientific what they're doing right now. They're trying to figure each other out. Manny doesn't walk in want to walk into that right hand. And you just mentioned that he's not uh really uh able to avoid that big right hand. These are knockouts between rounds three and six for both fighters. 17 for Pacquiao and Marquez has 10. Well, this also may make Manny be a little bit more cautious and not as aggressive as he wanted to be cuz now that he's tasted Marcus' power, he might stay on the outside a little bit more. &gt;&gt; Well, what I took in the first couple rounds of being a bit lethargic, his shoulders are so much heavier and so much bigger that he's definitely has added power. There's no question about that. and he's a great counter puncher. So, he doesn't have to be as crisp as a normal fighter would be because he's such a great counter puncher. Marcus is a very intelligent fighter as well. He's not going to commit mistakes that lead Manny to take advantage of something that might send Marcus to the canvas. And nobody's winning this round, by the way. This is a one of the real close rounds in the fight. And no matter how this goes, unless somebody's definitive in the last 49 48 seconds of this round. &gt;&gt; Well, I think that Marcus has landed a couple of good shots. He landed a a really hard stiff jab a minute ago that moved Manny. There's Manny with a combination that steals rounds when you see a combination like that. But again, professional boxing is the hurt businesses. Those three heavy punches that Marquez landed for me would be enough to give him the round at this point with 20 seconds to go in round number four. I myself always ask myself to be redundant at the end of a round. Which guy would I want to be at the end of that round? Right now I think I may have wanted to be Marquez so far. &gt;&gt; I would too as he walked in another right-handed man downstairs goes Marquez and he landed a shot. Marble situation and the distraction of being a uh politician in the Philippines that boxing was number four. But it seems like when he trains he puts all his concentration on boxing. So, you know, we thought that there were no more distractions, but you know, the one thing again, and again, this fight is very, very close. So, we're not talking about Manny losing this fight right now, although I have Marquez slightly out in front by one point. We'll see how it unfolds. &gt;&gt; But there are people that think the distractions are still there. &gt;&gt; That was a great left hand by Manny &gt;&gt; and Marcus took it. And the crowd is really into it here at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. Marquez stiff with that jab driving off the back foot. That's the right hand go actually HIS left hook. It was enough to CATCH HIM OFF BALANCE. SO DOWN GOES MARQUEZ. He'll take the standing a cut. Not hurt at all. He was more off balance, but there was a left hook. &gt;&gt; So that negates what he did in a much more impressive way. Just a straight left hand. Back comes Marquez. That straight left hand by many. But look at my battle back. You know what? They said all week this was going to be a war. I had my doubts. I don't anymore. You can put that fear to rest. You can put that to rest. I mean, Pacquiao tries to come in like trying to salvage this round now for himself. If he can win the round, he can pass the round man with confidence again. That that's one thing even though Pacquiao's able to Pacquiao trying to drop him again. He may be THERE RIGHT NOW AS HE RUNS UP HIMSELF. WHAT A lot of misses. This back and forth they go. Oh god is all busted up. Marcus is busted on the bridge of his nose and I think over the left eye as well. Hey, how you feeling? &gt;&gt; And here's a replay of the knockdown. First the jab and then he sort of steps on his foot, but at the same time he connects with that straight left hand and then Marcus goes down. I think it was a little bit of a combination of the punch and also that he lost his balance. But after that, &gt;&gt; Pacquiao absolutely fell over that round &gt;&gt; and he busted up Marquez. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you was up against that that uh upstretch foot of Manny and so he tumbled over that at the same time he could punch. He was off balance. But after that, as you said, is when the damage was done cuz Manny busted him up with a cut across the bridge of the nose. And I think there's another cut as well. &gt;&gt; And his nose may be busted because Marcus is breathing through his mouth right now. And it's only the sixth round. Oh, this is something else. Well, we thank the world for Bob Arum to put this one back together cuz this is a sensational fight to this point. And we're not even halfway through the fight unless it's a knockout. &gt;&gt; And see, he's profusely through the nose. So, I think that nose is definitely busted. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you're right, too. And then you can see the mouth hanging down, which is very dangerous to get hit with the jaw. Well, the big surprise was Pier was down in the third. Then he was able to knock Marquez down ever so lightly in the last round, but then he busted him up in the remaining part of the fifth round. And back and forth they go here in the sixth. And Manny's really into this thing now. Hands high, straight left hand down the middle. Every time he puts that on the top of the nose, I'm wincing from the pain that he must be feeling with that broken nose. I mean, look at the dip in the bridge of the nose. It's broken. Right on top of it again. What makes fighters fighters, man? This is something else. These guys are so tough. &gt;&gt; You've got to be a special person to be a fighter. That's &gt;&gt; a freedom to themsel, honey. And with over 10,000 fights called, man, I really appreciate that. And this is why, folks. Nice left hand by Manny. And that's his power shot again. That was the left hand that dropped Marquez in the fifth round, the last round. And all that punishment that Marquez took in the last round definitely took something out of Marquez cuz he's not moving like he was in the previous two or three rounds. &gt;&gt; No. You just take a look at the heels of the two fighters and Marquez is down much more. He sort of stumbles back that time. That's an indication that the legs could be a little weak and they've got to be. goes with the right hand lead and he skips past him. Manny's got plenty of legs. &gt;&gt; It doesn't seem like Marcus has his &gt;&gt; now. But look at the difference in the size of the legs when we have a wider shot. You see that Pacquiao's got huge calves and very narrow the calves of Marquez. That's where power comes from. And here they are back into a war again to end the sixth round. straight on the chin. He's dropped down has done it. Here we go. Straight right hand right on the button. Oh, straight right hand knocked him out cold. Manny coming in and he walks right into it. had his body half twisted and Manny get caught right on the chin. Boom. Right there. Perfect position was Marquez to land that shot. Manny knocked out Cole. His eyes are shut right there. I saw a little punch with a left hand and I thought went to the body at the end, but it was already over that Saturday. Here's the official announcement, ladies and gentlemen, from the MGM Grand of Las Vegas. This fight comes to an end at 2 minutes 59 seconds of round number five. The winner by knockout victory Mexico. Well, just to make it clear, it was actually the sixth round. At the end of the six round,