Kind: captions Language: en Gentlemen, I gave you guys your instruction in the dressing room. I expect a clean fair fight start to finish. Right here is considered low. Right here, anything right here is considered low. It's worth it. Good luck. Raymond Matai on a threeight knockout streak after a nine fight knockout streak was snapped coming off his biggest win against Jeremiah Nakatila. And across the ring, Diego Torres is riding a four consecutive knockout streak. 11 of his 17 fights have ended in the first two rounds. So Tim, I know you have something to say to the fans. &gt;&gt; All I'm going to tell you is right now, go ahead and call somebody that you know that loves a good scrap cuz I'm telling you, we have one here. You know, anytime the probability, again, when you have two punchers like this, the probability of a knockout is high. Very high. &gt;&gt; Both guys look a little dry coming out here of &gt;&gt; the Tahoe Blue Event Center. &gt;&gt; And you know, the interesting thing is that Morataya is actually stepping on the gas. You know, usually he likes to lay back, but he he he has a plan, and the plan is to push back the puncher in Torres. Yeah. A lot of times punchers especially are great coming forward, but they don't know how to fight going backwards. And that's what Matriaya wants to establish early. &gt;&gt; Well, he wants to establish respect as well. Yep. &gt;&gt; You know, he wants he wants Torres to respect him, respect his power, &gt;&gt; respect his skills. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice one, two from Raymond Morataya. &gt;&gt; And it was a thumb somewhere in the eye. You saw Torres right there blinking with his right eye. &gt;&gt; Let's see if there's inflammation already. &gt;&gt; The punch of choice for Torres is the left hook. He likes to lead left hook. You know, sometimes you'll throw it off his back foot, but for the most part, he will he will lead he will lead with that left hook. It's a dangerous punch to throw, especially in front when you have a opponent as dangerous as Moritaya who has a right hand that can beat that left hook. a lethal right hand. His nickname is Danger Murataya because he's such a knockout artist. Couple fights ago, we saw him on the canvas though early in the fight against Ombberto Galindo. Went down in round one and then came back for the stoppage victory. You cannot afford to give Diego Torres that opportunity though because if he hurts you, he's going to finish you. &gt;&gt; Torres right now still trying to get in his rhythm right now. He still hasn't found his rhythm. Again, he's still battling that eye. He was stunned in the eye just say a minute ago. Right now he's trying to strap us his distance. He's changing levels of his jab. Again, the punch of choice for him is the left hook. That's what he looks for. He will change levels and come up with that left hook. Sometimes he'll come up with the right hand as well. And Moratai right now just taking his time, taking his time, walking him down little by little, using his jab, not really wasting a whole lot of time and getting to know Torres. He doesn't want to get to know him. He wants to take him out. &gt;&gt; So far, able to neutralize the left hook. Although Torres was able to land that on the body. &gt;&gt; A nice combination from Moraya. Good body shot right there from Torres. &gt;&gt; He wasn't there to win. He was there to foul and go home early. Fa Jago working the pad with Koma. Emanuel Seavoy will also be in that corner as the Chief second tonight. Round two of a scheduled 10 round fight between undefeated knockout artist Raymond Murataya stabbing with that jab on the chin of Torres. &gt;&gt; Moritaya right now in a good groove. Super focused. came out hot, blazing, moving forward. Usually he likes to take his time, but he's warmed up in his first round. There's no doubt about it. Now we're going into the second round. He's continually moving forward. And Torres has no answers. You know, you can see the IQ, the difference in IQ. You see right now what what Martia is doing. He's changing the distance. He's bouncing, going forward. He's doing pendulum bouncing, then he's bouncing, going out, changing the range, trying to confuse Torres. &gt;&gt; Torres still hasn't figured it out just yet. Sometimes it takes a fighter like Torres to get you hyperfocused. You saw that against Nakata too, but tonight you see just the extension of that. &gt;&gt; Yes. The better the competition usually the better a fighter will fight. Seriously, because you know I remember back in my career, man, you know, the tougher the the opponent was, the more you going to get up for it. You know what I mean? You know this is a dangerous guy. You got to respect the punching power of Torres &gt;&gt; like that. But combination, &gt;&gt; but this is the difference in level, man. Level of maturity, experience, skill. You're seeing from Mortai. &gt;&gt; He's controlling this fight off his front foot. Look at that lead hand right there. See, he just occupying occupying that space with the lead hand, getting him to look at it to set up his offense. And then he's stepping back. Anytime Tori step forward, he's stepping back to get out of range. Harper Garcia was talking to us about how guys come in from sparring Shakur Stevenson or Tank Davis and they say they can't last six rounds with Raymond Murataya over there at the RGBA is just different. I believe it is different. Heavy shots, high boxing IQ can put his punches together really well again. Nice measure just to get out get out of range. &gt;&gt; Jousting with that jab. Yeah, I mean it's demoralizing right now. I mean Torres has no answers right now. He's getting picked apart. Getting picked to pieces. Good defense there as the shot that Torres threw landed on the forearms of Murataya and then on the biceps. And again, you see the first line of defense and see how beautiful that is. It's just a just a typical step back making the punches fall short for Torres. has made Torres miss with that left uppercut. That was dangerous. &gt;&gt; In control here through the first six minutes of this fight. Yep. All right. Round three of a scheduled 10 round fight here inside the Tahoe Blue Event Center. A beautiful new venue. Open it September 23rd. And here we are with our first ever televised boxing event out of this place. &gt;&gt; Probably not the last time we'll be here. &gt;&gt; You see the pressure that Murataya is putting on Torres. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I love I just I just love when guys are on their front foot, man. And and still fighting at the distance that they want to fight at. &gt;&gt; Not necessarily getting in the inside, but is extending at the right range, &gt;&gt; getting their opponents defensive. Torres anywhere from a plus 550 to a plus 800 in the sports book against Morataya. Right now you're seeing that difference. Torres is going to need right now Torres going to need to change the game plan up cuz fighting off his back but it's not working at all. He's going to have to find a way to come forward, find it within himself and take more risk if he wants to change the title of this fight because right now Moratai is just doing whatever he wants to do when he wants to do it. He's just too dang good right now. &gt;&gt; He walked a midfield left uppercut. did Morataya. Look at that. Now that body work, &gt;&gt; I'm going to say something right now that's going to piss off a lot of people. Not you, Tim. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. I'm It's going to piss off a lot of people and it might piss off a person that I'm going to say it about, but I'm going to tell you right now, more attire right now will beat Keshan Davis. Kean is suspended for the moment. &gt;&gt; I'm just going to let you know right now. &gt;&gt; I'm letting y'all know right now this this is the guy that's going to be Keshan Davis right here more time. And I know what everybody going to say. Yeah, that's your guy. Yeah, Keshan is is a great fighter. He is. But he going to have to deal with that right there. I don't think he can. Not at this point in the career. &gt;&gt; That's a fight that'll probably probably be marinated further until both are further along in their respective careers. Oh, we heard him with that right now. That hurt Torres. &gt;&gt; Let's see if that brings out the dog in Torres. &gt;&gt; Low blow there from Mataya &gt;&gt; on the inside. Excellent right hand that Mataya landed. Nice short and another right now is on a on a knockout streak. &gt;&gt; He wants that knockout bad. Mark, what do you have to say? &gt;&gt; I have a Timmy Keshan's got what? Nine fights. Little Tai. It's his 19th. &gt;&gt; Little Tai's got to be thinking about champions right now. Let the kid grow up. &gt;&gt; I don't care. He the one that want to be pushed. &gt;&gt; Excellent third round for Raymond Morataya here. how happy Robert Garcia was with the work that Murataya has been doing. But that s that sense of don't get overconfident, stay cautious and focused because he's still dangerous. &gt;&gt; Yes, absolutely. He's dangerous to that left hook. No doubt about it. And and and desperation set in, you know, when a fighter's behind and a guy that can punch as hard as a Torres. So you always want to be cautious, but at the same time, More Thai, if he just stays defensively sound like he is, but still put that pressure on him, he's going to break him mentally and also physically. You saw at the top of the round, 40 to 18 connect advantage for Raymond Morataya through the first three rounds. Nice double jab followed up by the angles for Moritayia &gt;&gt; and and and Mark I'm going to just let you know Mark if you're listening Keshan Davis said that he would fight Morai he said he could fight him next he's already said that he can beat him that he can fight him &gt;&gt; I'm just letting you know Mark &gt;&gt; Tim you hear me &gt;&gt; yeah I hear you loud and clear &gt;&gt; there you go baby yeah but I said I'd fight you I didn't mean it &gt;&gt; oh yeah well I'm just saying &gt;&gt; I'm I'm I'm Just saying you got to give you got to give Keshan a little time. &gt;&gt; You got to give him a little time. &gt;&gt; Keshan's going to get ready to fight but Drazza. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; former twotime four point former two three time or two time world champion. &gt;&gt; Hey, let's look at let's look at what we got here. I'll tell you what, I do agree with you. It's not just Muraya's strength or his defense, but it's rare to see a front foot fighter maintain his distance this well. Yes, that's where you're right, brother. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Oh, I'm right with the other one, too. I'm right with the other one, too. Because Mortai is not going to allow him to rest. He's not going to allow him to just control distance like that. He's going to keep putting the pressure on him. He has heavy shots, you know, and he's smart at the same time. And I and I love Keshan, you know. I'm high on Keshan. I really am. &gt;&gt; He was pretty much the the number one uh on your &gt;&gt; Yes, him. I'm high on him. Good uppercut uppercut there from Mura. &gt;&gt; Just breaking him down, one punch at a time, one step at a time. And Torres tries to answer. Matai is just not there for him. The discipline that Meritay is showing is excellent. I see. You see all all he's doing for defense is is he's just stepping back. Just stepping back out of range. It's that simple. I don't understand why all these opponent all these fighters, they just put a high guard up and think that they going to def block punches. Step back. &gt;&gt; Distance control. That's all he's doing. Look at that. Step back. Get into your own punching range and stay out of danger. His original trainer is Christine Olivera, but he unfortunately couldn't make it here due to visa issues. So, he's got his amateur trainer, Luis Guzman, stepping in and uh it's always different. &gt;&gt; Round five of scheduled 10 rounder. Bernardo Osuna, the Hall of Famer, Timothy Bradley, and Mark Frigo on the call. on. You see, even though they wanted Torres to come out firing, it's Murataya just putting it on Diego Torres. All right, Mark, what's your card look like after four rounds? &gt;&gt; 40 36 four rounds to none. I asked Robert Garcia, "What do you got to do to put him away?" He says, "Hey, we want some rounds here." I said, "Yeah, what's the what do you got to do to put him away? What about the body?" Goes, "Yeah, that's what we just asked him for." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Nice. &gt;&gt; Just to make Timmy happy. &gt;&gt; One, two from Torres, though. You don't want to get too confident, Tim, and thinking you got this fight under control because Donuts can come back with something powerful. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Mai is in the zone. He's in the zone right now. He's feeling comfortable. He He He understands what's coming back at him. He's not too worried about it right now. And yes, you're right. You always got to be cautious, but right now, Mortai is in complete control. Look at the right hand just right down the middle. He didn't even He didn't even it. He didn't even that right hand. He just threw it right from where it was and it landed right on the button. He used the momentum of Torres coming forward against him. Just met him right where he was coming to. &gt;&gt; He figured him out in the first round &gt;&gt; more time too. And that uppercut figuring him out in the first round &gt;&gt; and he told us in a fighter mean that he's going to put the pressure he's going to put the pressure on him. He's not going to know how to fight off his back foot. And he's right. There's that body shot, a right hook. &gt;&gt; That left hook of Torres is still dangerous. And he's looking for a way to land it. You know, sometimes he'll dip, you know, he'll shoot the jab down to the body and then he'll do the same movements and then he'll come up with the left hook. OH, THERE'S that double jab from Murataya and the combination punching. &gt;&gt; Diego Torres is perplexed here in round five. Oh, he has no more tools, more ties, aware of everything. Um he felt like he had he figured him out in the first round. You know a great fighter can figure out a fighter in two rounds. You saw Terence Crawford, he figured filler figured out Erl Smith in two rounds. That was it. By the second round fight was over. instructions and pretty much it's you don't really need any instructions. I mean, just keep doing what you're doing, baby. Keep doing what you're doing, but just don't get careless. &gt;&gt; That's all they basically told him in the know during that round and uh that rest period. He's landing 47% of his power punches is Raymond Murataya. We told you this was a power punches duel. So will our main event which features FA Aagma taking on Joe Goodall. That'll be immediately following the Raymond Morataya against Diego Torres fight here. It's time for Torres to sell out. I It's time. It's been time for him to sell out. I mean, he needs to he needs to throw caution to the I mean, he just needs to just let his hands go. Forget moving backwards, coming forward, put the pressure, you know, sell out. This is his chance. His undefeated record's on the line. &gt;&gt; Dude, they told him that three three fight three rounds ago, Tim, let's go. Let's go. It's hard when your opponent doesn't allow you to go. &gt;&gt; I mean, he's he's systematically getting getting broken down. Yes. Everything he does, &gt;&gt; but you got to go out firing, but just go fire. Let them hands go. I mean, he can't catch all them shots. &gt;&gt; Look at that timing. Look at that timing. That was a nice right &gt;&gt; Oh my god. He hurt heard him again with that shot. &gt;&gt; The knockout is near, people. I'm letting y'all know right now. The knockout is near. You can't get greedy because of the left hook of &gt;&gt; Oh, he can get greedy. Look at the angles. He's breaking them down. Breaking him down physically and mentally. &gt;&gt; Torres has nothing for him. &gt;&gt; Right hand from Murataya. It's target practice here in round number six as he backs up Torres against the ropes. &gt;&gt; Wait on the body shot. That's what I'm waiting on. I see the left hook to deliver. Get those hands up. Throw a combination up top and then drop one downstairs. He's got him so conditioned for that right hand, Tim, that the opening is there for the left hook. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Or he's creating the opening. &gt;&gt; And a guy as tough as Diego Torres is, he may be able to take a shot to the head, but when you're really going to find out how tough he is is when you connect to the body, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Oh, that was a nice left uppercut. Both both guys are exchanging left hooks right there. And you don't want to allow Diego Torres to connect with that left foot and get more confidence. &gt;&gt; Well, you don't want to allow him to gain confidence. You know, that was the one thing that uh Garcia, Coach Garcia was was was telling him. He was just like, man, we don't want him to gain any confidence because he gains confidence then he starts getting brave and then he starts throwing punches more and more shots and you got him kind of re bewildered right now. So, keep that going. Keep them going down that slope. Another excellent round for Raymond Morataya as six rounds are in the books here. &gt;&gt; Round seven of a scheduled 10 rounder between Raymond Morataya undefeated 18-0 with 15 knockouts. 17-0 Diego Torres with 16 knockouts, 25 almost half of his punches landed in the last round compared to just eight for Torres. And overall in the fight, Morris High has landed 42% of his shots to just 18% for Diego Torres. Right hand. Go ahead, eat that. You want to try to come in and attack now? Half a step back. Bam. Right hand down the middle. More tight. See, Torres now is is is trying to get a little bit more aggressive. He, you know, he started off, he looked like he was going to get, you know, start moving forward, marching forward, dictating, but he getting countered on the way in. Yeah, he got caught with a left hook there from Raymond Murataya. &gt;&gt; I mean, what do you do when you when everything you try, you just getting countered. &gt;&gt; That was a nice right to the body from Murataya going to the solar plexus of Torres. It's &gt;&gt; Murataya is just picking his spot. Wherever Torres decides to leave open, he's fighting it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Torres definitely has a poker face. I mean, he his demeanor has not changed. There left hook right there. That left hook is still dangerous. He came behind with a right hand, too. And they want him to continue to throw the right hand over there in the Torres corner because they see the damage under the left eye of Raven Morataya. So they're trying to give him any little bit of confidence they can help him build here. Morataya right now is let off the gas right now. I don't know if he's trying to taking this round off. You know, he's not punching as much as he he was in a couple of rounds ago. You know, he could be getting a little bit tired. looking for a second win right now. Little stab jab from Torres, &gt;&gt; but still a great boxing performance right now for Mortaya. Mortai getting again a little bit complacent. You can see this round is a good round right now for Torres. Nice left on the southpaw stance from Morataya who switches back to his orthodox. &gt;&gt; Nice left hook from Meritaya. Torres was trying to open up with that right hand. Yeah, he's just coming in between. &gt;&gt; Nice combination from Morataya. &gt;&gt; Sends Torres reeling backwards and he's on his heels. &gt;&gt; He's still hurt. He's still hurt and he's dangerous. A d a hurt fighter is a dangerous fighter. There's a right hook from Morata once again shaking the head of Torres. &gt;&gt; The body language of Torres changing here with 23 seconds left in the seventh round. Oh, he's tough. All right. He's taking some big shots right now and he's weathering the storm. &gt;&gt; Nice body shot from Mataya downstairs with the right. Then he takes it upstairs. Uppercut with the left from Mataya as Torres is in trouble here in round seven. &gt;&gt; Call name. I know he needs to call name, but nobody's going to be saying I want to fight Raven Danger Mataya. The name says it all. He's dangerous, Mark. After seven rounds, how do you have this card? &gt;&gt; 70 63 seven rounds to none Mai. But was interesting though, that last round, I thought Murataya was taking it off, too. It turned out to be really his most decisive round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the second half of that round was excellent for Raymond Murataya. Look at that. Hurting Diego Torres late in that round, &gt;&gt; but the counters, the counters he throws is just different different. I mean, a jab was thrown, a right hand was thrown. He come right over the top of the left hook. He understands his distance, his range of which what he needs to fire his punches from. He's great at positioning as well. I mean, I'm high I'm high on Morai what I'm seeing in this fight. &gt;&gt; He had that pull counter just seconds ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sets up the combination. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's just trying to tell you. Down, &gt;&gt; man. I'm trying to man ask if you want to what the fight is over. Celestino Cavayo decides that he's in no condition to continue and Delo Torres wanted to continue. I think we know what would have happened but I think Celestino Ree needed to allow the fight to continue. Look, it's at the ref's discrepancy. Um, I wish the fight could have continued. You know, I saw him responding. I don't know what the referee saw. You know, he's the one that's that's closest to to Torres. I don't know if Torres uh said something that he didn't like or looked a certain way or reacted. I'm not sure what happened, but I I thought where my angle and where I looked from that he was fine, that he could have continued because the objective is to get up before before 10, right? You get up before 10 and then you follow what the referee is after. you follow his instructions. He seemed to do that, you know, he seemed to be fine, you know, and he was responding to the referee. So, I don't understand why the fight didn't continue. Yeah. He got up at 9:00 and he was alert. Follow instructions to move towards his left and then move to the right. Let's take a look at how this fight came to a conclusion because it was a matter of time until Meritaya was able to put it together and put him down because that was a flurry of shots that had power, precision, and the end was near. You know, you had a guy like Torres that was that was breaking down. I mean, physically and mentally, you know, it was just a matter of time. But that uppercut set it up. Split split the high guard right there. The that first setup shot was the uppercut came around with the hook and the combination. He never saw the uppercut coming. Look at that. Quick, fast, quick, accurate combinations right there from Moraya. I mean, that's tough to deal with, guys. I'm letting y'all know that's tough to deal with. There's heat on every punch. So, right there, I don't know. You see, you see what I'm saying? That he didn't give him an opportunity to continue at all. I don't know what that was right there. But again, it's at the ref's discrepancy. Um, we probably know what would have happened, but still like give him a fighting chance. Yes, he's undefeated record on the line. I mean, look, I think you know what what happened there? What &gt;&gt; when he brought him to the to his left, he stepped to the left, then he told him to step to the right. He turned to his corner instead of staying with his with his eyes to the referee. And that's where Celestino Ruiz thought something. &gt;&gt; But you want to know what else? But you want to know what else? The the the the the entirety of the fight. What what was happening during the fight? I mean, he lost every single round and he was getting he was getting beat on. &gt;&gt; So, let's listen to it and watch it in real time. You want to continue? Yes. Go this way. Not this way. &gt;&gt; You see how he looked towards the corner instead of keeping his eyes on the referee. And I think that's the moment that Celestino Ruiz decided that he was going to stop the fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what? I was always taught to look at the referee. Follow the instructions. Look at him. Get look at him in his eyes. Jump on him. Use him as balance as well. That's a little secret. Use him as balance. Step to him. Put your arms out on top of his shoulders. Balance and say, "I'm ready to go." You know, I don't know what the ref was looking at. Maybe he saw it as a guy he didn't want to continue. You know, he saw it in his eyes. I don't know what it was, but uh you know, I would have liked to see him continue and see what happens. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, Raymond Murataya earned his 16th knockout victory. &gt;&gt; I'm letting y'all know about letting y'all know right now, man. This is a sleeper right here in the division. No doubt about it. He's a bad boy. He needs a title shot. A sleeper. He's putting people to sleep. All right, let's set it up to March for the official time. Ladies and gentlemen, here inside the Tahoe Blue Event Center, referee Celestino Ruiz calls a halt to this bout at 1 minute 45 seconds of round number eight. Career winner by technical knockout and still the NABF and WBO Global Lightweight Champion, Raymond Danger Murataya. All right, Mark has the interview with Raymond Murataya. Raymond, Raymond, congratulations.