Kind: captions Language: en Our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled 12-round contest and it will be for the vacant WBO LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD. LET'S WELCOME SAM NOAKES. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; LET'S WELCOME ABDULLAH &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; MASON. 134.9 for THE UNDEFEATED SAM NOAKES. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [music] &gt;&gt; Now to the scale, Abdullah Mason. for the undefeated Abdullah Mason. Considering all the star power on the main card, Sergio, this one's kind of become a sleeper fight, but it could be the best of the night. &gt;&gt; There's no sleeper, man. Anyone that knows boxing and follow these prospects, these contenders, they know that someone's going to go down. Big power by both. We got a southpaw in one and we got Noakes in another one. And Noakes, Sam Noakes is a hard-punching guy. He's a fighting puncher, comes straight forward. When it comes to Abdullah Mason, he's tall, he's lengthy, but he has been vulnerable. He's been dropped before. This is going to be a firefight. Someone's getting knocked out. &gt;&gt; And a lot of Brits making the trip here to Riyadh and making some noise here tonight. It's a BATTLE OF THE UNDEFEATED TOMORROW. 12 rounds scheduled for the vacant WBO lightweight CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; All right, Sam. Obviously, this is going to be your first world title shot, and you and Abdullah Mason both fighting on the world-class level for the first time. He's been on the deck before. How do you make him feel your heavy hands? Well, you'll see tomorrow. You ain't going to know what I'm fighting, boys, to be honest. YOU HAVE TO START [screaming] GONE. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; AND LOOK, THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE. LOOK AT THE SUPPORT YOU HAVE from England that made the trip over here to Riyadh. How do you make them happy and bring the title home? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, I can't stand Noakes knocking out boys, you know. YOU HAVE TO START GONE. GET UP. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; THANK YOU, SAM. CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU TOMORROW NIGHT. Abdullah That was an intense face-off. There's a lot of intensity right there. What's the last impression you're taking from that face-off? Uh, we finna cook tomorrow night. That's it? Yeah, we finna cook. With grits? Are we going to have some grits in it? Yeah, we going to add everything in it. We going to season it up real good and we going to eat. 24 hours, what are you going to focus on? I got an appetite for smoke, so Saturday is when that's fulfilled. Looking forward to it. Thank you so much. Looking forward to seeing you on Saturday. Thank you. Sergio, this is this is Argentinian machismo versus Mexican confidence. Two completely contrasting styles. Watch out for the staredown. Yesterday, Pumo shoved Bam. Humble confidence coming from the champion in Bam Rodriguez and this exuberant excitement coming from the champion from Argentina. I mean, this is as good as it gets. And look, they travel in packs as well. You know, Mexicans have a saying, "Si se puede." Si che puede for Argentinians. This is going to be a hell of a fight to start things off. And he's [music] already trying to intimidate one of the pound-for-pound kings. You're not going to intimidate Bam Rodriguez. He's as cold as ice, Sergio. &gt;&gt; Yes, they are, man. Both these guys are cold, man. Only one guy is a little more excited. Bam Rodriguez has been there, done that. There's a little bit more new for Pumo Martinez. He's a traveling, you mean the road warrior, but he still carries himself like he's a champion. And that's what I'm talking about here, Todd. Every B-side, if you want to call them that. You want to call the champ in Pumo Martinez a B-side. They're carrying themselves like they're champs. Sam Noakes before [music] him, same thing. Every single guy that's on the other side of the champion is carrying themselves like a champion. &gt;&gt; 12 rounds of boxing for the welterweight championship of the world. Ladies and gentlemen, Devin "The Dream" Haney. Ladies and gentlemen, here's the reigning and defending undefeated WBO welterweight champion of the world, "The Assassin Too" Brian Norman Jr. Undefeated versus undefeated. 146.6 lb for the challenger Devin "The Dream" Haney. From Decatur, Georgia, USA. 28 fights, 28 victories. 22 wins by knockout. On the scale on the scale at this time the reigning and defending champion Brian Norman Jr. 146.12 lb for the undefeated champion Brian Norman Jr. "The Assassin Too". Sergio, this fight could go in a couple ways. If it goes Brian Norman's way, it's going to be a slugfest where he's trying to beat this man down. Devin Haney, the stick-and-move master. If this fight is long range, it's going to be "The Dream" Devin Haney doing what he knows he's done. The jab, the distance. If it's mid-range and close range, it's going to be the power puncher way in Brian Norman Jr. What fight are we going to get? I think we're going to get a little bit of both and that's why this fight is one of the most interesting on the card because we got a puncher and a boxer. Can Norman win a decision? Yeah, you know what? He can. He's more than a puncher. That's what I've been realizing. More than just a puncher. And Haney, we know that he's experienced. He's the one with the heavy resume. That's why this fight, I mean, we say it all the time. It sounds cliche, but it's 50/50. The defending champion, "The Assassin Too" the undefeated Brian Norman Jr., the world champion. Well, Sergio, in this case, it's not cliche. Look at the odds. It is literally 50/50. &gt;&gt; Jr., ranked number one in the world in the welterweight division by the Bible of Boxing Ring Magazine. There was nervous energy in the air at yesterday's face-off. This is what I like seeing from Devin Haney. That's what I want to see from "The Dream". He's facing a nightmare, a potential nightmare in front of him in Brian Norman Jr. You want you you don't want to have that nervous energy. You want to have You want to lock eyes. You want to let them know, "This is my house. This is my title. I'm going home with it. I belong. You're the one that doesn't belong." That's what I [music] like seeing from champions. Professionalism and quiet confidence. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; They can't pull these two guys away from each other. Haney wants more. I love it. Let's see if they have the same energy once the bell rings or is Devin Haney going to be going backwards instead of forwards? That's the thing. What Devin Haney are we going to get? &gt;&gt; Undefeated versus undefeated for the welterweight championship of the world. Devin "The Dream" Haney goes against Brian Norman Jr. All right, we are here with Devin "The Dream" Haney. You're going for your third world title. And look, right? Fighting on this kind of stage is nothing new for you. How do you show Brian Norman that there are levels to this game? Alhamdulillah. I'm, you know, thanking Allah for this opportunity and the talking is done. Now it's time to do work. Inshallah, victory. All right, thank you, Devin. Oh my goodness. So, the dads did a lot of talking today. There was absolutely no talking today. That was an intense face-off. What did you take away from his demeanor, his body language? This is the last time you guys see each other before you walk into the ring. Shoot, it's about that time. 24 hours. Talk is over. We're going to get this action started. Talk about these next 24 hours. What are you going to eat? What are you going to do? What are you going to focus on? Shoot, same thing as any other day. Might eat me a few steaks, a few uh sweet potatoes. You know what I'm saying? I eat eat some little waffles. I got a little chocolate cake waiting on me. You know what I'm saying? We eating good, baby. Wait, hold on. I'm pretty sure I'm invited. How was that? I'm invited. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we all invited. We got We got a sweet potato pie at the crib waiting on us right now. Everybody come on through. Real quick, before I let you go, what does this match-up do for you that's going to bring the best out of you? Shoot, y'all finna find out, man. Just straight up. Norman gang over everything. You see that belt on my shoulder? I came in with it, I'm finna walk out with it. And y'all boys going to respect me after this one. Watch. We look forward to seeing you tomorrow. Anthony Yarde, built like the beast from the east, Sergio. Look at that physique, but you know, David Benavidez intimidated by no man. &gt;&gt; The British beast versus the Mexican monster. Both these guys carry big power, but look, man, experience is on both sides. So, not only is it power, not only is it experience and hunger, but these guys are ready for this moment. I mean, we keep talking about the third time's the charm. For Anthony Yarde, maybe third time's the harm for David Benavidez for the unified light heavyweight championship of the world here in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, live worldwide on DAZN. This is a can't-miss main event on a night that has really four main events. This is the cream of the crop. &gt;&gt; As the challenger going against the undefeated world champion, the Mexican monster, David Benavidez. And that's what I want to see. Look, a monster and a beast shaking hands cuz it's respect, man. They They've already sold the fight. They've already worked. And you They look in incredible shape. Now it's just time to show out. David