Kind: captions Language: en Okay, gentlemen, [music] you both received your instructions in your dressing room. Okay, it's got a wide band here. All right, this is good. Anything below that is low. Right here was good and this is low. I want a good clean fight. Obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourselves at all times. Let's go. Now, let's go with the next chapter to be written in the book of Shakur Stevenson. Shakur Stevenson who is co-managed by our ESPN broadcaster Andre Ward who has recused himself from calling the fight. So, it's Joe Tessitore and Tim Bradley. Glad you're with us here. The return of live boxing under COVID-19 protocols. Timmy, what are you going to be looking for early on here? You know what? Right now, it's funny because I like what I'm seeing from Caraballo right now. He's pressing on the gas pedal. You know, taking risks. He's going to have to sell out and he knows that and he's getting right to Shakur Stevenson at the moment. &gt;&gt; It's exactly what he said he would do and likely exactly what he has to do if he wants to hit the lottery ticket at all as a massive underdog against Stevenson. As he gets into that pocket. Yeah, when you My hands free. Hands free. Yeah, Tess, when you fighting against a slippery fighter like Shakur Stevenson, you want to hit him anywhere. Anywhere you can. On the shoulders, on the elbows, on the chest. You just want to continue to get contact on him. You know, that's a great point, Tim. And sometimes it's grossly undervalued what you say. Just land. Just throw. Just try to get anything going. You always talk about that ability to find perfect range and distance with Stevenson. He gets off a four-punch combination including a right hand to the body that was effective. Caraballo just sitting a little bit too long in the front. Not moving in. And then like I said, Shakur Stevenson great at managing distance with from his opponent. And he can fight at any quarter. He can fight in the pocket. He can fight at mid-range and he also can fight outside. But right now, he's being aggressive dog. Look at the hand speed on Stevenson. You know, you can just tell right away, Tess. You're right. You're right. The hand speed. You can see the skill level is different. But Caraballo, you can tell he's tough. He's taking a lot of leather on the way in just to get one shot. Reminder of fanless atmosphere with COVID-19 protocols at the MGM Grand Conference Center, but you hear the murmur in the background and you can join in that with HearMeCheer on any device. Go to espn.hearmecheer.com. You will hear your voice, your cheers heard live during our broadcast. That is espn.hearmecheer.com. That is being ruled a knockdown by Tony Weeks. There's a possibility, Tess, that their feet got tangled cuz that typically happens when you have a right-handed fighter versus a southpaw. You see the lead feet, they line up on on the same side. Every time Caraballo sits there with the earmuffs on and sits mid-range and don't do anything, you see what Shakur Stevenson does. Go right to him and land and throws and combinations. Round number two in that first round, Shakur Stevenson scoring a knockdown with a body punch. He was effective with his punching in that first round landing 22 of 47 power punches thrown. Yes, Tess, I thought that their feet might have got tangled up. But you can see here Caraballo putting those earmuffs on, blocking his vision. And you see Shakur Stevenson doubling up with the left hand with the actually his lead hand to the head and also to the body which causes a knockdown. Doubling up that right hand, the right hand to the body scoring the knockdown in round number one. The accuracy is just sublime, Timmy. He's so accurate and effective placing his punches. And there is that power hand, the left hand to the body now. But you see where he's choosing to be. Shakur wants to be on the outside, he'll maintain out outside distance. If he wants to be in the inside, he can fight in close quarters as well. So, if guys think that they just going to come inside with this young man, no, you got something coming. He has great offense in the inside as well. Let's check in with Bernardo. Ooh, that right hand was clipping. He drove that right hand down and now Stevenson has Caraballo in trouble. Left hand to the head. &gt;&gt; Showing that power, Tess. Taking those steps forward. Look at the hand speed and now sitting down a little more and looking for the shot finding it. It's exactly what he's doing right now. He's being patient right now. Letting Caraballo throw wildly. He's looking for the opening right now. Shakur Stevenson is. Creating little space with that right hand. Just look in his eyes. You can see that laser focus on the target. So effective with that left hand moments ago. He leads left there, comes back with a check right hook. Three-punch combination from &gt;&gt; what he wanted, Tess. He wanted to get on the outside to land that backhand. That's the straight left hand. He wanted to get full extension on his punches to be able to hurt Caraballo. 13 and 0 Caraballo. Covered up and Shakur lets loose with the three-punch combination. Yeah, but you see Caraballo just walking straight forward, not even shooting a jab to lead his action. And Shakur making him pay the price for it doing so. And two. &gt;&gt; [bell] &gt;&gt; For six expectation that Shakur Stevenson will show power tonight against Caraballo. He has so far in that last round, second round he landed 29 of 55 power punches thrown. When we talked to him about how he thought the fight would play out, Timmy, he said, "I think I'll be able to set him up and size him up in three and then get rid of him in four." We're in three right here. In three right now, it's just a matter of time, Tess. You know, he's softening him up. Caraballo hitting him down to the head and the body. He's catching him before he gets to where he needs to be to be successful and that's the inside. Double left hand right there from Shakur Stevenson. This is target practice. Splitting the guard with that left hand that wrapped it around, but more useful with the power hand, the left hand here against Caraballo. Caraballo sitting at 1 and 2, Mark, and we told you he had won five straight since his lone loss. He understood the gap in skill. He fully understands everything Shakur Stevenson is and what he perhaps isn't. And early on in this fight, he tried to put forth a strategy that would counter that. But Stevenson so accurate, so skilled and on target. Stevenson right now, he wants a knockout. You know, he told us in the fighter meeting, he said, "You know, I want to sit down more on my shots. I want to press forward. I want to take a little bit more chances cuz I want to be impressive to the fans." I think he has a very good understanding of who he wants to be in the sport. Yes. I need to comment that I do have to get guys out of there. Talked about the fact that he wants to be a star, not just a boxer. And that he wants to surpass what others have done in the sport without having to play the villain role. And that means to him being the best fighter and being entertaining. And this is a guy who maturation has Yes, it does. It gives you a sense of maturation. But also at 22 years old and we've seen his body start to develop and change. Winning a world championship at featherweight, I mean, you're talking about a guy who could go multi-divisional world championships, you know, carrying weight upwards towards 140. Who knows by the end of his career, 147. But you can start to see that development especially right here at 130 lbs. Yeah, you know, I asked him. Shakur Stevenson, just the fourth US fighter in the last 20 years to win both an Olympic boxing medal and a world title. You see the power punches through three rounds. Dominating form for the world champion. This a non-title fight at 130 lbs for Stevenson. He said, "Boxing is back. I want to be back with it. And first in the main event. Stop. Stop. I got you. Of course he was scheduled to fight back on March 14th. That would have been a title defense against Miguel Marriaga, but postponed due to that first week of the shutdowns due to COVID-19. Let's go to Bernardo. Wali Moses is happy with the way Shakur Stevenson is boxing, but he wants him to continue to work his jab, go to the body, but not walk straight back. He wants him to set him up as he comes forward and then walk him into a big shot. Wali Moses, the grandfather and trainer of Shakur Stevenson. They have a dynamic relationship. Come on. Hands free. Hands free. Yeah, that's what Shakur Stevenson needs to do. He needs to get back on the outside, use his jab, and Don't hold that hand out like that. keep Caraballo out outside. Make him rush, make a mistake, and then make him pay so he can get a clear shot on him. Mark Kriegel, what say you? Coming to terms with monumental ambition. You know, he he knows where he wants to get. He wants to be a household name. He wants to be the best guy in the sport. He wants to be as Tim he said before, the future. The question is, how do you get there I understand being a young kid and saying I'm the next Floyd or I'm the next Sugar Ray. The question though, and it's it's a pretty deep question, how do you get there without imitating someone else? And how do you get there if you are a slick fighter, a fighter of color, and and not not playing the villain. This is This is a question that we dealt with earlier in the broadcast. I mean it and it's something that's going to uh confront Shakur Stevenson. Or he's going to have to confront. Make great fights, be dynamic, be entertaining, and be you most importantly. And that's what Shakur has talked about and that's what Andre has talked about. Be authentically you because Shakur is fighting &gt;&gt; problem is the system. Shakur Stevenson is incredibly likable. Don't put that hand out like that. Doing really well to the body here in this fourth round, Timmy. Yes, he is. And that's that's where he needs to go down and continue to soften up Caraballo. He needs to continue to beat on the body, beat on the arms to bring those hands down cuz Caraballo has a really tight defense. Timmy, there was some nice work from Shakur in that last round. Yeah, what I want to What I want to show you guys is is that Stop. Stop. how comfortable he is even though he's getting his foot stepped on right here, his lead foot stepped on, but he found a way to tap tap tap, get that right hand around to the body on Caraballo, and then follow up with a combination. See, that little half a step back just to clear space to let Caraballo throw and make him miss and then make him pay is the beauty. It's what I've been talking about. This is why this young man is so so good. He does this all night long. Round number five of our scheduled 10-round non-title fight, and Stevenson to this point has out-landed Caraballo 85 to 12. He has landed 49% of his power punches. There's that threshold you talk about, Tim Bradley. You always say, "Hey, if you get 50% of power punches, there's going to be a knockout score." That's right. Most of the time, Tess. You know, I like the head placement right there from Shakur Stevenson getting his head on the outside, not keeping it down the middle, so won't allow Caraballo to headbutt him. Straight fundamental &gt;&gt; of what will be the new-look summer series of Top Rank Boxing on ESPN. With the COVID-19 protocols, we are bringing you fights this month every Tuesday and Thursday, live fights on ESPN. And as was announced tonight, a special attraction on Saturday, June 20th from Mexico City with the 122-lb world champion, Emanuel Navarrete. So, next week, three nights of live fight action on ESPN. &gt;&gt; free. Hands free. And we'll be back with you Thursday as you see Jessie Magdaleno will be headlining against Yenifel Vicente. Adam Lopez also on that card and a very good-looking prospect in Bryan Lua, who's now 5-0. He will be in action Thursday night as we will turn right around and bring you more fights from Vegas. Caraballo looking for body work on the inside, instead he eats chopping right hand from Shakur. Stevenson backing up and able to land a left hand as he retreats. Now the uppercut on the inside as Caraballo was leaning forward. Don't hold that hand out. Stevenson continues with such such success with these power punches. Caraballo trying to dig to the body with a right hand. Caraballo still not doing anything to get to where Oh, what a combination, Timmy. Absolutely. You know, Tess, Shakur Stevenson fights when he wants to fight, gets out when he wants to get out, and box on the outside. But right now he's choosing to fight. Back with you here with the sixth round of Shakur Stevenson and Felix Caraballo. Shakur Stevenson, who is already a featherweight world champion in his 13th pro fight, the second fewest fights required to do so in boxing history. Only the pound-for-pound best fighter in the world, Vasiliy Lomachenko, is better. Of course he did it in three, which is ridiculous. May never see that beaten. By the way, Tim, in that last round, Shakur Stevenson was shaking out his left hand a bit after landing it. You know what? That could be an indication that he, you know, he might have suffered an injury. You know, when you hitting a guy on a forehead and hitting him on the top of his head constantly all night, you know, it's definitely bruises your hand. Let's see if he continues to use his left hand in this round. Give him a baby. Give him a Give him a Nice side step right there from Shakur Stevenson. But it was a little bit low. And thus Tony Weeks giving the time to Caraballo. Let me know you good. You good? Okay, here we go. Keep in. Time in. It's a nice side step right there from Shakur Stevenson. Right on the belt line. Oh, that was a little bit low. It was a little low there. Go. Hold on. Hold on. Let him go. Let him go. Come on. Hands free. Hands free. Hopelessness with Caraballo. He knew he would be outclassed, outskilled, and he goes down here There it is. &gt;&gt; in round number six. Halfway through round six. And he's reeling in pain on the canvas as Shakur Stevenson placed the money punch. And look at the reaction of Caraballo. A one-and-done from Shakur Stevenson after six rounds of having it his way. Well, six rounds of punishment, Tess, Caraballo took. And finally a body shot, a clear body shot landed right on the liver. Caraballo That's why you hurt him grimacing the way he was &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; because it was right in the soft spot of the body. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Well, Shakur Stevenson just taking his time right now, setting up his punches. And he dips around with body shot, catches Caraballo as he's actually trying to throw a shot at Shakur Stevenson. Here it is again from a different angle. Comes around the guard. Caraballo has those earmuffs on, can't really see too much, and he dips it right underneath with the left hand to the solar plexus. Excuse me, it wasn't the liver. It was a solar plexus of Caraballo. &gt;&gt; Here comes the left hand. This is the knockout punch coming up right there. And that after numerous body punches that landed. Watch him bend, dig, deliver, and score the knockout. Knockout victory for Shakur Stevenson. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, boxing comes back. And Shakur said he wanted to bring it back with a bang. He wanted to deliver, take the next step of development. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Show some power. 130-lb version of Shakur Stevenson. He looked good tonight, Tess. &gt;&gt; particulars. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Tony Weeks calls a stop to this bout at 1 minute, 31 seconds of round number six, declaring the winner by knockout from Newark, New Jersey, Shakur [screaming] Stevenson! A body punch punch capper for Shakur Stevenson. For Stevenson, he's now 14 and 0 with eight knockouts.