Kind: captions Language: en Watch the fight now, in sight, left hand may have erased those memories in the judges' minds immediately what a shot from tension and he is jacked up going to the corner, seen the rock noret temp SP time in his shadow tonight he is the of the country all WBC in add the family lega WBC So, after defeating Natsukawa, the world champion is Inoue Taku. congratulations. thank you. Oh, everyone's back. [Applause] How do you feel now, hugging your family after winning? Well... Well, to be completely honest, it was only because I was up against Tenshin that I was able to push myself this far and get myself in top shape, so Tenshin was really strong, and I'm truly grateful. [Applause] Now that the match has been decided, could you tell us what kind of days you've been leading up to it, and what your thoughts were going through today? I agree. I didn't underestimate Tianjin just because he's relatively new to the sport. I considered him a formidable opponent and pushed him to this point. From the very first round, I could feel his strength firsthand, and I'm truly grateful that I was able to push myself this far and achieve this result . Oh, and Chairman Ohashi, my father, pushed me to the very end, which allowed me to win, and I feel that I've been able to repay the fans with this result . thank you very much. I've come to speak with you now. One year ago, I experienced defeat, and since then, my father Shigo, my older brother, and everyone else have come this far. Looking back, what were these days like for you, Takuma? Well, there were certainly battles I couldn't afford to lose, but above all, my opponent was Amatsumi, and that's why I think I was able to push myself to the limit and get this far. Your family is also in the ring right now. If you could send a message to Sanesuke-san now, what would you say? Well, ever since I lost last year, my dad never gave up on me and pushed me to this point, and I feel like I've been able to repay him even just a little bit for the results I've achieved. Mr./Ms., I'd like to ask you frankly about today's match. What were the factors that led to your victory? The factors that led to your victory were that I did n't skip a single practice session, and I came this far with the sole determination to beat Amatsumi. That's all. Takumi, who started boxing at a young age, what kind of match was today's for you? Well... Now, more than anything else, my main goal was to beat Tianjin, and I've come this far, so I'm genuinely happy right now. That's all. Well, today's match was truly amazing. Please give a final message to your fans. I agree. Well, the fact that we were able to have such an exciting match is definitely thanks to Tenshin, and also to all the fans who believed in me and that I would win, thank you so much. congratulations. The new champion is Takuma Inoue. Congratulations! thank you very much.