Kind: captions Language: en Ladies, we've gone over the rules and the fouls. Protect yourself at all times. Follow my instructions, all right? Touch gloves, go back to your corner. And we are ready for this six-round battle between Dakota Stone and Christy Martin. And yes, Christy Martin, unbelievable. November 23rd, 2010, stabbed and shot by her then-husband James Martin. Here she is, back and fighting again is Christy Martin. She is wearing the pink trunks. Dakota Stone in the black trunks. This is a rematch of their fight November 2nd, 2009, in which Christy Martin slugged out a majority decision 10-round win over Dakota Stone. Christy Martin, who put female boxing on the map, Raul. And this woman came up the hard way. A phenomenal athlete from Concord College in Athens, West Virginia, scored over 70 points in a basketball game. A great point guard, Christy Martin, a great athlete. Keep in mind, these are 2-minute rounds. It is female boxing. Dakota Stone in the black, taking on Christy Martin, trying to get her 50th win of her career. Very important, very big night for her, the coal miner's daughter. She's the one that made woman boxing popular, put it on the map. And here she is. It's a good feel story for Christy Martin tonight on the big Julio Cesar Chavez versus Sebastian Zbik fight, looking for a 50th win. And Christy Martin, who fought all the top female fighters. She took on Laila Ali. I remember announcing that fight also. Mia St. John has wins over Mia St. John. Lisa Holewyne, she lost to Holly Holm, but again, very late in her career. And she was also knocked out by Laila Ali in the fourth round in their battle. On the other hand, Dakota Stone, she's got wins over Karen Bill, also Stacey Taylor. She lost in her pro debut to Ann Wolfe. Tough fighter from Austin, Texas, Ann Wolfe. The most wicked puncher I've seen. I remember her &gt;&gt; Oh, I've I've I felt her arm. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; She's got She's got bigger arms than I do. More defined, that's for sure. Maybe not big enough, but more defined. And I remember when she dropped Vonda Ward in one of the most wicked right hands I've ever seen, toppling the 6'6" Vonda Ward with that shot. Dakota Stone in the black. And you see right there, one of the things that Dakota Stone is not doing is moving that head. So, Christy Martin has a good target. There's that RIGHT HAND, RIGHT ON THE MARK. RIGHT ON THE MARK RIGHT THERE, CHRISTY MARTIN LANDING. She's looking for that. She's looking for that big overhand right or straight right. So, the first round is in the book. It is scheduled for six rounds. Christy Martin, in my book, got that win. How did you score? &gt;&gt; Yeah, she got it in my book, too. You saw Dakota Stone, she's carrying that left hand low. Don't be surprised if Christy catches her with that overhead right, which she did already. Puts her away. And then you see the corner Christy Martin, Miguel Diaz, the principal trainer. Also Richard Sandoval, Dan Leahy, Jimmy Maloney. In the corner of Dakota Stone is Larry Bradley, Matt Hill, Butch Gottlieb, and Shawn Gibbons. That's nothing, okay? Now you got &gt;&gt; Again, all boxing, 2-minute rounds. And again, that's why you probably don't get as many knockouts in female boxing, because it is 2 minutes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, only 2-minute rounds, fast pace. Here we see Christy Martin. Big overhand right, the one I was talking about. You see uh Dakota Stone, she's got to keep that left hand up. Christy Martin will be looking for that big right hand. There it goes again. This is the second round of a scheduled six-round. It is the light middleweight division. It is Dakota Stone in black, taking on Christy Martin, the Christy Martin in the pink. Christy Martin trying to slug out her 50th career win. The woman who put female boxing on the map is Christy Martin. She has taken on everybody. And And I mean, when you look at the difference in weight of some of the fighters she took on, she took on Laila Ali, a much, much bigger fighter, but went ahead with that fight anyway. She wanted to make the fights, you know, she made the fights that the public wanted to see. And that's why there's so much respect in women's boxing for Christy Martin. Christy, who used to fight on the undercards of those Mike Tyson fights, always a fan favorite, especially the way she would come out and bang. I like the way she's doubling up that left hook. I always wanted to see the fight between Lucia Rijker and Christy Martin, but it never happened. That would have been the mega, mega fight. David Mendoza, the referee, separating the two fighters. Dakota Stone now, flicking that straight jab. Good, hard jab by Dakota Stone. That's going to help her. She needs to keep Christy on the outside with that long jab. Dakota Stone has the height and reach advantage. Oh, there she goes. Good combo there by Dakota Stone. And Dakota Stone appears to be sitting down more on her punches now, as she's mixing it up. There you go. Yeah, there you go. &gt;&gt; Referee David Mendoza saying, "Let go over here." Good jab right there by Christy Martin, mixing it up, going down low, BUT SHE'S LEAVING HERSELF OPEN FOR THE RIGHT HAND, RAUL. &gt;&gt; YEAH, she's she's opening up too much. Oh! Big shot by Christy Martin. Always a crowd pleaser, Christy Martin loading up on the bombs. Uh-oh, she's making it a dog fight. That's what she needs to do, Benny. Dakota Stone trying to fight against the ropes with her back to them. Dakota Stone in the black. Dakota Stone, the taller of the two fighters, at 5'10" tall. Christy Martin, 5'4". No problem for her. She's used to playing basketball and playing against much taller players. Again, scored over 70 points in a in a college game at Concord College in Athens, West Virginia, as a point guard. The left hand of Dakota Stone now finding a home. Dakota Stone needs to keep the fight on the outside, use her range, use her reach. There's no need for her to fight inside with Christy. She's got to tie her up. The instructions from real Larry Bradley for Dakota Stone is to bend her knees, to bend her knees, &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; not be so upright. Christy Martin again, trying to slug out her 50th career win. This is a rematch of a fight November 2nd, 2009, in which Christy Martin slugged out a majority decision win. Billy Costello has scored it 95-95, Frank Lombardi 98-92, and Jimmy Beers 99-91 for Christy Martin. And keep in mind, folks, the tragic situation of Christy Martin November 23rd, 2010, stabbed and shot by her husband James Martin. Now she's back here in the ring. Phenomenal, phenomenal story. Boy, Dakota Stone appears to be getting stronger and stronger, Raul. &gt;&gt; It is a good very good round for Dakota Stone. Keeping her on the outside and throwing some short, sharp hooks up and down. Long jab by Dakota Stone. Oh, big right hand right there, too. Dakota now seems to be finding her mark. AS THE FINAL SECONDS WIND HERE OF ROUND number three. And that is a Dakota Stone round in my books. &gt;&gt; Yes, it is in my books, too. From that shot, that she wasn't bending her knees. Round number four of a scheduled six-rounder. This is in the light middleweight division. Christy Martin. She has the WBC title. This is a six-rounder. Dakota Stone in the black. And again, the reach advantage. It is a four Good right hand RIGHT THERE BY CHRISTY MARTIN, ON THE BUTTON. AS DAKOTA STONE Stone seems to be getting her confidence and coming in. &gt;&gt; Yes. It looks like she might have hurt her hand there with that overhead right or right hand. Christy Martin she backed up. She needs to get under that jab and make Get inside and keep working her. They're pushing her off of that. THERE YOU GO. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; OH! BIG ONE! WHAT A RIGHT HAND BY CHRISTY MARTIN, SET UP BEAUTIFULLY BY the left hand. She made the big mistake by slugging it out with Christy. That's not Dakota Stone's fight. She needs to keep moving, keep her hands up. And now trying to air it out is Dakota Stone, trying to get away. And she remained very upright with Dakota Stone, and that's where she made the mistake. CHRISTY SET IT UP BEAUTIFULLY with a jab, and then followed it with that straight right. And Raul, that's what Dakota Stone's got to watch when she gets She just got caught again. Christy Martin using every ounce of experience that she has accumulated during this career that has seen her through 57 professional fights. Trying to come in WITH THAT UPPERCUT, TWICE. Explosive shots by Christy Martin. Bombs away. She's throwing big bombs. But has she used up all her energy? Has she used up all her energy? That's going to be a question mark here. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Dakota Stone is kind of now, all of a sudden, trying to come in, and she appears to be recovered, totally recovered. That was a 10-8 round. 10-8 round for Christy Martin. But Raul, I You know what? I'd be concerned if I was in Christy Martin's corner. She appears to be very, very tired. You look at her trying to breathe with that mouth wide open. Here's some of the shots right here in round number three. Round number four. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's up and down again with the right hand. Big overhand right. Every time she keeps dropping that left hand, Dakota Stone. She's got to keep it up. What a beautifully set up right hand that was right there by Christy Martin. Right on the button in the fourth round. And down went Dakota Stone. Remarkable recovery ability by Dakota Deysi Miguel Diaz in the corner Christy Martin. And Richie Sandoval ex-world champion. There you see Christy Martin double it up. Right hook. Left hook and then big right right hand over the top. But see how upright Dakota Stone was? Yes, she stand up too straight up. She can't get as low as Christy Martin's height but just bend your legs a little bit you have better balance. Especially when you back it up you can't back up straight. And look at that they're looking at that right hand you talking about Raul. Yes, she did hurt her hand I noticed that. She landed a good right hand and she kind of like backed up. The doctor Larry Cranson right there and he's talking right now to referee David Mendoza about the right hand. So we'll see what they decide here. And they're going to continue. Again, a lot of adrenaline in a fighter right now so the pain is not felt quite as easily. You're right. It she might not have she she feels something is wrong. But you know what she's got to go for broke now. She's got to just out box her use the jab but it's going to be hard cuz there you see Dakota Stone. I got the fight 39-36 for Christy Martin then two knockdowns. This is the round number yeah. Round number five of scheduled six round of Christy Martin in the pink Dakota Stone in the black. Dakota Stone down in the fourth round. It was a right hand. But she hurt that hand Christy Martin she had that was talking to the doctor in between the rounds. She decided to go ahead and continue. She's boxing her now you see Christy Martin. She's got to move her head more she she's using one hand her left hand. She still threw that right hand though that right hand landing against Dakota Stone. Well they're urging Dakota Stone to keep her right hand up. Dakota Stone trying to go ahead and work behind that jab as SHE YEAH, SHE'S not taking advantage Dakota Stone look Christy Martin boxing very intelligent right now making her miss in and out nice angles double triple jab. Like cuz she needs a knock She's scoring points. She's scoring points. Look at that. Look look at the way she's working with one hand. She's using that left hook. Well you don't have to question this woman's guts. I mean talk about courage. Look at her. She's trying TO BUY SOME TIME RAUL. She's trying to buy some time with that right hand injured. And again the incredible recovery powers on the part of Christy Martin. DAKOTA NOW TRYING TO GO AHEAD AND COME in trying TO THROW THAT RIGHT HAND BUT AGAIN CHRISTY MARTIN VERY SHARP RAUL and just stopping that progress. Yes and keeping her right hand up just using her left jab up and down good combos angles in and out making her miss and pay. There goes a big right but she missed. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; She won that And this is the sixth and final round as Christy Martin in the pink takes on Dakota Stone in the black. Give you a rundown of the fight in the fourth round Dakota Stone went down after a right hand by Christy Martin. Christy Martin hurt her right hand with that shot has not thrown with great threw it one time in the fifth but mainly it's been a left hand of Christy Martin and now she throws a right hand. And she she got her &gt;&gt; She hurt her hand again. Yes, she did. She landed the right hand and she hurt it. &gt;&gt; to stop throwing that right hand. And now David Mendoza is going to talk to her. They're bringing the doctor. They're asking her if she wants to continue. Well she's probably got about a minute left. Yeah. She wants to continue. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; She wants to continue. He now David Mendoza is saying it's over. It's over. SHE IS NOT ABLE to continue. She kicked her mouthpiece right there. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Wow. I'll tell you what if she wouldn't have thrown that right she was she was winning the fight. On my scorecard I'm sure all the judges saw it that way. What's that and after she lands it? Well she saw that opening look. There she now here you go here that &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; over and it connected. Then she turns her back. She turns her back right there David Mendoza steps right on in. Watch again [music] the left hand doubled up with two left hands. And that's 69 second of the sixth round. And there you see David Mendoza now calling the doctor. Christy Martin wanted to block the what is she is she a crowd pleaser or what? &gt;&gt; Oh absolutely that means she gives the fans what they want to see. Great action fight. Hurt or not hurt you're always going to see Christy Martin in action fight. I mean look look she she fought with a hurt hand. She got wobbled a couple of times in the fight. Dropped her opponent. And she was ahead. &gt;&gt; And she was ahead. She was ahead. She was ahead on the score cards. As it gets to the fourth I don't know that doesn't make sense to me I mean And again in the fourth round that was a 10-8 round that I scored and I'd given the first two rounds to Christy Martin. So now we'll get the official announcement from Jake Gutierrez. And they're looking over there. Dakota Stone not really not real happy. From the verbage that we are hearing here. Christy Martin at the age of 42 this being her 58th professional fight. Was looking for a 50th win here tonight it didn't happen. And now we are ready with the official announcement Jake Gutierrez. Ladies and gentlemen after consulting with the ringside physician referee David Mendoza has to stop this contest due to a broken right hand sustained by Christy Martin. Therefore the winner by TKO victory Dakota Solid Stone. And there you have it A TKO WIN FOR DAKOTA STONE 1 minute 9 seconds of round number two referee David Mendoza stops the fight conferred with the doctor at ringside the right hand of Christy Martin broken could not continue therefore she's denied her 50th win as she was on her way to getting her 50th win. There is the right hand. And here we go in the first round Christy Martin came out landing that right hand Raul. Yes, she did. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Kept landing it. Working the body working Dakota Stone there up and down punches uppercuts short shots. And the third round was the best round for Dakota Stone as she really started landing her right hand then in the fourth it is the knockdown the right hand by Christy Martin that drops Dakota Stone. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; You see it right there there's the right hand right on the button and down goes Dakota Stone. This is the fifth round. This is where she was fighting with one hand out boxed her opponent in this one fifth round. And then we see the last round. She shouldn't have thrown that right overhand but she saw that opening fighting with a hurt hand. Christy Martin there it is sending it up uppercut left foot there it is that's the that's the punch that ended the fight cuz she had a broke I I would imagine it's a broken hand. &gt;&gt; It is a broken right hand again the instincts of a fighter even though she knows that hand is broken when the opening's there you got to take it. &gt;&gt; Exactly I mean you're you're hot you know the adrenaline's flowing the people are behind you.