Kind: captions Language: en Ellis heard about him enough. They should stop this fight, Tim. They should stop this fight. &gt;&gt; That steps in. &gt;&gt; Still dominating. McQuary himself now seeking the knockout. &gt;&gt; He's directly in front of Donald. And there IS A LEFT HAND BY MIKE MCCUM THAT CAME OUT OF THE BLUE and put Donald Curry ON HIS BACK. Sodto's the precise puncher and he seems to always be in that position to land shots. You know, it's worked out very well. Rich, you're right. Sodto, I think it's a little too torrent for his liking. But here comes Sodto with blistering combination. Everybody, as Jarro alluded to, knows how fights. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; Very strong combinations from both men, though. &gt;&gt; There's that hand from &gt;&gt; Good hands. Good hook. &gt;&gt; Oh, and look how he shifts and changes position. Sodto tried to land it there before the bell and another combination as he landed a solid right hand and a left. &gt;&gt; Good good counter right here by &gt;&gt; by a combination as he finds the openings threading the needle between the gloves here but Antio will not be denied. He runs in. He's leaning in shots now to land that right cross. Wow, what a round sinating action here as Sodto in my opinion wins it handily. Sodo trying to ROCK HIM BACK as the challenger is absolutely relentless. Look at the pressure put on now by the champion. He's not waiting to counter. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a good just WALKING IN THE SHOTS. And you're looking at I mean everybody's looking at everything else but you know you're not looking at the fact that is using his head to scrape to put pressure on the face off but he's getting hit. He's getting hit now out of it but &gt;&gt; I don't think it's going to happen as Sodto closes with a blistering flurry. &gt;&gt; Oh he kind of staggered him a little bit. Oh he was off balance. Great. Great. He's going to have to use itaro and we know that that he's not a sland. Look at that as really begins high. He's taking a lot of shots now. &gt;&gt; The champion is getting through with those. Antio trouble. Can he get out of the route? 5 SECONDS TO GO AND HE'S BACKED UP FOR THE first time since the six. He'll get out of the round, but he is wobbling as they go back to the corners with two rounds to go. the winner by unanimous decision and still WBC lightweight champion of the worldto Zorita &gt;&gt; only an inch and a half reach advantage Valoa with fairly long arms as McCory tries to work up top and in the body initially. &gt;&gt; Good left hand landed there by Vala who sought the opening, but Mccori is able to counter back. Vala looking to counter punch off the ropes, but that wouldn't be particularly smart against somebody with the punching power of Milton McCroy. Vala again looking to counter punch off the ropes as McCroy lands a good body shot underneath. It's going to be very tough if the judges see it that way for Val to overcome. Pedro has one draw on his record against Tom Moody in a bout in New York City in May of 1982. Again, McQuary, as has been the case throughout the fight as Vala against the ropes, not particularly showing the great defense which he's exhibited in the past. And Mccari still controls this fight, dominates in round five. But down the line, it's possible that Milton will get the respect that he so covets that all fighters cover, especially if you were to someday be paired up against Donald Curry and beat him. Good exchange here in round six. Six round winding down. A good left hand again followed by a right from McCroy. McCarroi 240 and one and 20 of the victories by knockout. And he's looking for it here as Vala is slightly stunned here in the seventh round. Particularly impressed by the freshness of Mccuri. He's moving very well. He really hasn't let up very much. He's almost at this point he's saying come on give me some competition here for Vala is just taking blow after blow and he's a battered to Cruz Mccari who just keeps that pressure on still dominating and Mcquari himself now seeking the knockout here at the end of the fight but this one goes the distance and it's all over in Paris and Mccari can begin to celebrate even before they announce the official decision. So it's Mccari winning it with ease. &gt;&gt; Still unbeaten. 25 and one. &gt;&gt; Allen going downstairs to body. &gt;&gt; Need that weapon against the left. Good straight left hand by Allen. away &gt;&gt; turning into even more of a brawl than we would have expected. Both men looking to set down on their punches. Good left hand by Ayala. Freddy looks to be a good fitment. A good right hook by Allen. That's been a good weapon for him. And another right hand by Paulie Ayala. Good combinations by Ayala. showing you the hand speed that got him here by Allen. Was shortcircuited when the class of heads caused a cut. They went to the scorecards. He lost. Good left hand by hand speed by Ayala on the inside. Every time Tapia throws the left hook to the body, there's a right hook from Ayala as a counter. Boy, this is an exciting fight. Both men in the trenches now. Now here comes Ayala with some good jabs and good combinations. Good right hook by Ayala. Good hook by Ayala. Good work in the inside by Paulie Ayala. Good left hand by Ayala. Both men land good shots. It's a straight left by Ayala. An uppercut by Tapia. Good right hook by Ayala. This is one of the best lower weight fights I have ever seen. BIG HOOK. HERE COMES AYALA. RIGHT HAND BY TAPIA. ANOTHER RIGHT HAND. All three in favor of the winner and the new WBA bantamweight champion of the world, Paulie Ayala. Paulie Ayala pulled the upset in one of the most superb bantamweight championship matches you will ever see. Good solid right landed by Knazales behind a solid left jab. &gt;&gt; Won the championship in May of 87. &gt;&gt; There's a knockdown. Knowales sending Cbrooks to the canvas. He's been there before, but this time going to be a little tough for him to bounce back. He's still wobbly. &gt;&gt; Legs are wobbly. &gt;&gt; And Canazales going to the body very intelligently here, looking for the right shots. &gt;&gt; Nice and cool. Well, is very cool, Tim. Picking him apart. See lost his feet from under himself there without a blow. He is still having difficulty with his legs. &gt;&gt; Certainly showing his experience here coming back this well in round two, but he just took another right hand. Canales backs him up and works the body again. And a solid right again landed by Canazales. Look at the way he switches from head to body and back again. Tim &gt;&gt; starting to paint the face of the champion Sebrooks and continues to bang at the body. &gt;&gt; And a good combination. &gt;&gt; Wobbled again, Tim. He's in trouble again. &gt;&gt; And as Alice backing him up, good right hand by the challenger coming to the end of round number eight. Canales backing Cbrooks to the ropes again. Blow to blow they go. Right hand and a left by Canazales. A champion in trouble again. &gt;&gt; And he is in trouble too. &gt;&gt; Sebrooks looking to trade with Canazales. But Canazales doesn't go anywhere. He stays right there. He just landed another right hand. In &gt;&gt; my opinion, he has to score a knockout to win THIS FIGHT. &gt;&gt; OH, A big right hand by Kenneth Ellis. Flush on the button. The champion up but in difficulty again. &gt;&gt; Can Dallas hurt him with an uppercut. &gt;&gt; They should stop this fight, Tim. They should stop this fight. &gt;&gt; That Rudy Battle steps in. Orlando is the new IBF bantamweight champion. He really hammered Julian Jackson to the body before putting him away in the second round. Short left hand by Mac. &gt;&gt; They not concentrated so much on their right hand. It's bit with the right hand there by Mac, but it's been the left hook. &gt;&gt; Both have been effective. And a combination by Macallum and an uppercut by Macum. He got a left hand in there, but he took a left hand in return by Curry. We saw it between rounds last time between the last two rounds. There was a good right hand by Macallum. That would definitely turn the tables around. I tell you that because it can prove to be a handicap. &gt;&gt; He's not giving angles at all. He's directly in front of Donald. &gt;&gt; AND THERE IS A LEFT HAND BY MIKE MCCUM THAT CAME OUT OF THE BLUE and put Donald Curry ON HIS BACK. 10 IT'S ALL OVER AND Mike McCllum is the champion. A CLASSIC one punch knockout. Oh, that was a beautiful punch. A beautiful left hook. Let's take a look, Ray. Well, Donald Curry here again looks like he's controlling the fight. And the left hook there. And I tell you, here it is. I saw in the replay that Donald Curry's hands were down. Actually, he was moving backwards. I didn't think he was going to get up at this point here, Barry. &gt;&gt; He was on his back until the count of eight. &gt;&gt; Here's another look. Just as clean a shot as a fighter can have. &gt;&gt; Also, I noticed if we get another shot of it, we see that Mike McCullum was not going straight down. This time he was moving his head left and right. Here we have a shot of You see he's not going straight back. Left, right, left hook. Beautiful shot. Took a step to his left just exactly as you were saying a moment ago. He should be doing. &gt;&gt; Exactly.