Kind: captions Language: en When we talk about real prospects, we talk about ability and marketability. Abdullah Mason and Emiliano Vargas have both of those qualities. Emiliano Vargas, 21 years old, 140 lb super lightweight, 12 and 0 with 10 knockouts. Abdullah Mason, 20 years old, 135 lb lightweight, 17 and 0 with 15 knockouts. Both undefeated, both headed in the right direction. What makes Abdullah special? Thunder and lightning all at once. Vargas continues to land power shots. Emiliano is unique that he comes from a father that has a big fighting background. He has the fighting blood in him. Open him up. Abdullah Mason is kind of a diamond in the rough. One's a little more gritty, one's a little more flashy. They're in different weight classes, but they both hit audiences across the world. Get your pen out and write this young man's name down. He's ready for this moment. Both guys have the same goal. They want to be world champions. Abdullah Mason and Emiliano Vargas are the two most important prospects Top Rank has. As both fighters hope to go down their eventual path to greatness, the road often gets tougher. They have to fight more durable fighters. Did Emiliano Vargas just hurt his hand there? More talented fighters. THE question is, can they take a real run at being one of the faces of boxing and the best fighters in the sport? That moment to prove their great is fast approaching. I mean, you can't do anything if you don't believe in it. Us as Muslims, we believe, you know, in Allah. That's That's our lifestyle, you know. Our lifestyle builds off of that, you know, like my father says, how you do one thing is how you do everything. You work hard, you going to [music] be the best at it and you you work smart, you going to be the best at it. You know, you you work on something, that's going to show. I would say that's one thing about boxing that I really love, you know, just just the outcome of the work you put in. Hey, uh somebody go start the car, man. Yeah, come on, bro. Let's go. Everybody in the car? Yeah. You got to say that every time. Y'all got the keys to the gym, right? Uh it should It should be on Daddy's key. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Get that boom out. Use the ring, man. Use the ring. Valiant Mason, he didn't box professionally, but if you talk boxing with him and you talk technique and approach to fighting, Valiant Mason clearly knows what he's talking about. He Watch He Here he come. Here he come. Here he come. Here he come. Here he come. Here he come. Yeah. A lot of the fathers, they come from a pedigree of boxing, and I don't Well, I come from a pedigree of focus and integrity and and principles, and that's what I apply to the sport. That's it. Keep it like that. He's been boxing since he was 9. With his brother. Come on, Dullah. Here he come. Watch out. Formula for what we do as family. Everybody's a pro boxer. Everyone is training each other and preparing for fights constantly. [music] They're They're for each other on on every level. They say it's a lonely sport, but I don't think so for Abdullah. It's like the Jackson 5 of boxing. You know, we coming in with a family of of of five fighters, you know, all living in the same house. You know, right now, my goal is to be the best, you know, and to pave the way for them. I feel like my talents will bring my family, you know, um goodness, you know, as long as I you know, have a good intention and make sure I'm focused how I am. I feel like that's what I have to do, you know, while I'm still able, you know, um knocking them down one after one. FROM CLEVELAND, OHIO, &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; ABDULLAH MASON! ABDULLAH MASON SNUCK UP ON US and then [music] quickly woke us all up once he entered that professional prizefighting ring. He is electric. He's kind of just taken the sport by storm. Get your pen out and write this young man's name down right now. So much fun to watch. Beautiful work by the young phenom. He's doing things that prospects usually don't do. He's knocking out guys that have never been stopped. Abdullah Mason is a knockout artist. This kid can fight. That was nasty. It's also part of why he is such an exciting prospect. Thunder and lightning all at once. The vision Top Rank has for Abdullah Mason is boxing's next virtuoso. Boxing's next unbeatable fighter. He is going to be a problem. That is a bad young man. But having the kind of expectations Abdullah Mason has around him can make it hard to remain patient in the ring. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; You feel like you have to show out and get an explosive knockout every time and you start rushing punches, you start trying to force an outcome, that's where you could get caught up. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, as Abdullah moves up in the ranks, can he be patient? That is a question for him going forward. I think at this point to have two young studs in our stable on the same trajectory, but with a very different allure, I think we're we're fortunate. &gt;&gt; Abdullah is still at 35, Emiliano's at 40, but you've got, you know, Mexican-American, African-American, Middle America, Las Vegas. Yeah. I mean, two different rockets taking off. Which team is pushing us the most to fight tougher guys? Mason's team. They are. Yeah. I think Mason's team is looking for a step-ups, which is fine. The question is how big of a step it is. I think with both Emiliano and Abdullah, you know, a loss is unforgiving. &gt;&gt; Mhm. It's all or nothing. It's feast or famine [music] for these two. I think part of the true experience for a prospect [music] is to have some sense of adversity during those early fights. &gt;&gt; no question. And the you know, iffy part is how they handle the adversity. The last fight, when Mason gets knocked down, does he learn from it? So far, Abdullah Mason has been the kryptonite for all 15 of his pro opponents. Tonight, he's facing I would say his toughest challenger. Abdullah Mason. He's skilled. He's charismatic. He's quick. No rush, Dullah. You see VASQUEZ LEANING FORWARD? THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT. That's what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; Can you take it on the chin? Yes, Abdullah's last fight, he got dropped twice within 45 seconds of each other. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Is it foreshadowing of bigger flaws that'll be exploited, bigger holes in his game that'll be exploited, or just simple growing pains for a fighter trying to score knockouts on his way up. And he's still in there trying to go for the kill. As much as you don't want it, the outcome was the victory. And it's a body shot. If you put Abdallah Mason down, you better put him out. Right now, coming off the two knockdowns is is Abdallah's first scheduled 10-rounder. People are going to be looking to see what what he comes in the ring with. Countless times we've seen guys get dropped with a lot more or get knocked out and come back gun-shy or come back in a different way where it just changed them in the ring. See if he drops his right hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, right, exactly. See I I mean I just see if he's scared, to see if he's apprehensive. &gt;&gt; He's thinking about it. You certainly don't want to see the same mistakes. So, we got the gym here, the wrestlers here. All of this is beautiful open workout, strength and conditioning, classes, right? So, that means all of these walls from this wall all the way to this end is going to be demoed and it'll be open. This is boxing. Let's work it out. In boxing, you know, it creates a lot, you know, when you get to a certain level, inspiring others. That's That's a part of it. We're trying to open our own gym, you know, that's a part of it. Me and my family are in in a certain light to where you know, whenever we go out and do something, our city supports us. Why not have a gym to where they can actually see us, you know, where they could come, you know, they could come train with us. There's a lot of youth in the city that, you [music] know, we might get another champion out of the gym if we put a gym in Cleveland, Ohio or something like that. So, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; you know, I feel like it's better for the better, you know. A lot of people are asking why, but why not? Abdallah Mason is the next generation of American boxing from Cleveland, Ohio. So, he's carrying the hopes of Cleveland and he's carrying the hopes and some of the dreams of his brothers and his family as well, which adds more pressure for him to perform. If he loses the fight, you jeopardize everything. I've never seen a space like this connected to a gym. This is going to be a a great cleanup. Yeah. I can see a total transformation of tables, chairs, a boxing ring, sparring sessions, all type of stuff out here, man. We can have some fun. We can have some kids doing relays. I don't give a damn what they want to do out here, but this is a nice place, man. It's amazing to be able to put my family in a position to be able to do something like this, you know. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I want to get all that I can out of out of the sport and hopefully it helps someone else, you know, do all they can in whatever areas, you know, I inspired them in. I feel like I am at a turning point and I'mma keep performing and making sure that I'm ready. So, when I get there, I'm there. For the second consecutive weekend, Top Rank Boxing is right back here in Las Vegas. We welcome you all back inside our press conference with the [music] co-main and main event portion. Thank you guys so much for joining us. Well, Abdallah, you're 17 and 0 now. I remember sitting here like it was yesterday after your pro debut and talking about prospect and talking about prospect of the year. Is this kind of where you thought you would be at this point right now in your career? Yeah, um you know, right around here is where I thought I'd be, you know, um contending for a world title soon, hopefully. And that's that's what we're looking forward to, you know, he's the next person in the in the way for that. So, I'm focused and Saturday we're getting the job done. How do you do that? How do you get the job done on Saturday night? What needs to happen against a fighter experienced as him and another southpaw? The way I get the job done is just play my skills and keep doing what I've been doing with the rest of my opponents to him. And we're in shape, so, you know, we're ready to go up against him. He's another step up fight. To put it simply, Abdallah Mason against Ornelas is trying to prove I am now [music] a contender. To announce himself as not just a precocious, bonafide young talent, but a legitimate, bonafide contender for the titles in the lightweight division. I close my eyes and I automatically, you know, my opponent is in front of me. You got to be locked all the way in. Let's go. Let's go. Click, click, boom. It's Drink the Ring wearing yellow. happen, you know, the point trying to rip your head off. I'm just locked in and you know, I'm ready to prove myself. Every time I fight, you know, I'm getting closer and closer to that title. You know, I'mma get the job done and we're on to the next one. First 10-rounder for Abdallah Mason, so, it's about taking him deep into the later rounds. Keep it tight. KEEP IT TIGHT. KEEP IT TIGHT NOW. ORNELAS IS SEEING Abdallah load up with every shot. That's why you got to be able to change cadence. Look, Ornelas again changing distance right there. He made Abdallah reach. That's from Abdallah Mason. HE TIMED IT PERFECTLY AND A DELAYED [cheering] REACTION from Pablo Ornelas. That was the right hand coming out. See what Abdallah Mason does here. He's got his opponent in trouble. Everything is a home run. Everything Abdallah does is a home run. You're looking good, but the defense got to be tight. He keeps stepping. I'm still in one spot trading with him. You understand what I'm saying? Abdallah is shaking shaking those arms. He's looking a little bit tight. Ornelas is doing well to slow down the pace. Right, left from Mason and then Ornelas lands a shot of his own. Abdallah got to be careful dropping that lead hand. Abdallah has the tools, but maybe he's falling in love with being a finisher. Keep them hands up. KEEP YOUR RIGHT HAND UP, ABDALLAH. Don't stand THERE WITH HIM TRYING TO TRADE, BRO. YOU UNDERSTAND? This joint here. I need this joint right here. Keep moving, ABDALLAH. NICE LEFT HOOK THERE. Ornelas is in a dangerous place because Mason's coming downhill, [cheering] he's going downstairs and that left hook is landing continually on Ornelas and he takes a knee. Delayed reaction knockdowns from Abdallah Mason. Ooh, beautiful. That is a big shot. Look at the legs of Ornelas. They're not as steady as they once were. If he goes down again, they'll stop it. Still dangerous. Ornelas is still a He He home run swinging. He's fighting for survival right now. And the toughness of Ornelas is to be commended. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Doctor is taking a look at Carlos Ornelas. And Ornelas, you know, he took another knee. Smart. Smart move by Ornelas, but you look the corner needs to just go ahead and just let it I mean, look, just stop the referee. Stop it. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And Abdallah Mason is now 18 and 0. I saw Abdallah go some rounds. I saw Abdallah get challenged in ways that I've never seen him get challenged before. He did his job tonight. Here is the winner by way of technical knockout, tonight celebrating his 21st birthday, the undefeated Abdallah Mason. Listen, you just beat a tough, experienced guy. What did he teach you? There's always room for improvement, but I felt like I did great. You know, I got him out in the fifth round and we're on to the next, you know, we'll be back real soon. All right, man. Congratulations. Enjoy your birthday, man. Happy birthday to you. Keep it up. Keep it up and there's nobody going to stop you and you're going to be the face of the sport. Abdallah had to work for his victory, you know, a little sloppy at times, little overanxious, maybe looking for the one punch, but no no fear of being knocked down again. He's ready to go to the next step. Step closer. One step closer. When they do [music] fight for the title, everybody is going to be like, this is the guy. It's his time. These are two guys that can be the next [music] face of the sport. How you feel, man? You thinking don't be don't be over-critiquing yourself, bro. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. Super thorough. You know what I'm saying? It's good, man. We're going to tighten up and get better. All right? Yes. Good work. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Mhm.