Kind: captions Language: en UNBELIEVABLE. UNBELIEVABLE. UNBELIEVABLE. &gt;&gt; What a round six. &gt;&gt; This is the best fight that I've ever witnessed live. I've never seen a fight this dramatic live. I've seen them on TV. &gt;&gt; THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS. LET'S SEE HOW THEY FINISH IT UP. You can take your list of round of the year and put it in big marker right now. and he talked about how disappointed he was that he didn't land a single blow that could have turned the first fight around. He actually questioned whether or not he would continue on in his career and then he thought, I want to be at the top level again. But sometimes those tiny seeds of doubt, they can sprout when you get into spots like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think those seeds that we're talking about are are tiny. I think they're they're major and they're laying dormant in the mind of Marada and Rob Brandt. The burden is on him to bring those seeds of doubt to the surface early in this fight to let Marada know the first fight was not a fluke. I'm the champion. I have one defense and I'm here to defend my title again on your home turf. Having heard those comments here, as there's an early pace being set by Brandt that is similar to what we saw in the first fight, Tim, do you think that Marada should have gone straight back into this rematch or had a stay busy comeback? &gt;&gt; I think that he should had a stay busy comeback fight and, you know, to get prepared for Rob Brandt and what he's going to see. But coming straight back at Brandt, that just shows you a lot about his character and the fact that he wants to win this world championship back. It's a more aggressive Marada than we saw early on in the first fight. Much more aggressive as he's closing the gap already. &gt;&gt; That's a big adjustment for him. He set on the outside in the first fight and now he's inching closer and attacking quicker, but he's doing it behind punches now. &gt;&gt; And you see Rob Brand, he's just real offensive. He's going to let his hands go. So the more Marauder pressures, the more offense you're going to see come from Rob Brand. It's a really good looking first round of a championship fight. Sometimes this is what you get in a rematch. They pick up right where they left off and such is the case with Brandt and a better looking Marada. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, rematches are all about adjustments and we see Marada making the adjustment right now in this first round. He's not laying back allowing the motor of Rob Brand to get going. He jumped on Rob Brand and right now Rob Brand is processing and trying to figure out how Marada came out so fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Rob Brandt is wondering what's going on. It's not the way it's supposed to be, but he's still determined and going down to the body. Right there is Rob Brandt to slow down Marada. &gt;&gt; Listen, Brandt is still very much on the pace that he wants to keep. It's just an improved version of Marada that's against him. &gt;&gt; Marada is moving, has that high guard and following him out and smothering Rob Brandt as often as possible. Good body work that time from Marada. Closes the gap again. A straight right hand to the body. Right hand upstairs and then a four-punch combination from Brand. Both men opening up and Marada scores well. And there's a short left hand on the inside from Brand. Marada dicks to the body. What an excellent excellent first round of the rematch. Okay, watch your feet. Watch your feet. Watch your feet. Knockdowns through four rounds. Zapeda has dropped Baric three times. Baric started it all off dropping Zapeda twice in the first round, but at the end of the day, there's another knockdown that could have counted for Zapeda, too. As now here comes Baric. Round five of a scheduled 10 round fight. Bar gets flipped once again with the left and here comes the combinations and angles from Jose Zapeda. People look at him as a boxer. He said there's some dog in me. That's what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; Well, he's showing it tonight and he's fighting, &gt;&gt; you know, and this is the level, this the level that I see that Sepa's on now. He got that from the Ramirez fight. That's the experience that he gained. He said, "I didn't do enough in the back end. I'm going to stand my ground this time." And that's what he's doing in spots. We always ask fighters cuz they'll say, "Oh, what's different?" The experience. The experience. He quantified it. He said the fact that Ramirez showed that will down the stretch. He wanted it more and that's what I got to do. That's who I have to be and that's who he is right now. Landing that left hook. But Baric continues to be extremely dangerous here in round number five. This is a gut check type of fight for Jose Zapeda. We talked about him having all the tools to outbox you. But did he have enough to dig deep down and want to be that guy? Tonight he's being that guy. He's being forced to be that guy by Baric. And that's not a bad thing. &gt;&gt; It's not a bad thing. And this is the way you get fans. Many fans that want to watch you. You got to stand your ground and fight. He's a superior boxer, but he also has punching power and he's choosing the right spots right now. It's a choosing the right spots and catching Baric and hurting him. &gt;&gt; Now, Barantic has got incredible recovery powers and stamina because he's been down and none of them has been a cheap knockdown. &gt;&gt; No, no. Right on the chin. Get caught right on the buzzer and he gets up. &gt;&gt; Comes Morantic. He's trying to get Zapeda against the ropes. &gt;&gt; You know what he's trying to do? He's trying to wear him down. He's trying to get him to the halfway point. He wants Zapa to doubt himself. If he can make it past there and if his conditioning can hold up, SAPA COULD BE IN TROUBLE DOWN THE STRETCH. &gt;&gt; OH NO, IT'S A BIG RIGHT HAND FROM Baric over there. &gt;&gt; And it's a knockdown cuz the ropes held him up. &gt;&gt; Four, five, six, seven, eight. Okay, here we go. All right. So, five rounds. My good. More than five knockdowns. No knockout yet because these two guys have a heart attack. He spins the leg and this fight is done. What a knockout FROM JOSE SA John with a big knockout HERE IN THE BUBBLE AT THE MGM GRAND. HE'S NUMBER ONE IN THE WORLD IN THE WBC. WHAT AN IMPRESSIVE performance from John Sapa. And Ivan Baric is still down the finish. &gt;&gt; Listen, this is the best fight that I've ever witnessed live, honestly. Beautiful shot right there from Baric. Nice overhand right. He's always dangerous when you're in the ring with a puncher, especially a determined one to land that big bum. It's always dangerous for a fighter, you know, and that was a knockdown right there for Baratics. He was able to create it. Beautiful shot catching, you know, you see the little angle he was on when he landed that right hand &gt;&gt; and the ropes held him up. That's why it was a knockdown. And I said, "V, you know, show Barry that right hand. Vary the right hand." And he did that. He looped it right there on Sapeda. Sapeda never saw it coming. Saped stepped back, gave him some distance to land that right hand. &gt;&gt; And then after that came the end. &gt;&gt; And this is the end right here. Nice little check hook right there after the jab. And then the big boom right on the chin from Sapeda. Check hook. Boom. Okay. You see the head of Barantic. He never saw it coming. But look at the leg right there behind him, but his body collapsed in midair. He was knocked out in midair. This is what's brutal about it. He's knocked out there. The right leg is completely discombobulated and then he smacks his head on the canvas at full strength. &gt;&gt; This is the best fight that I've ever witnessed live. I've never seen a fight this dramatic live. I've seen him on TV. I had one in 2013. The fighter tonight, Sapeda, will get fighter of the year in 2020 in my opinion. No one's going to top that. We are headed into round six, approaching the halfway point of a fight that has turned into very much a chess match. They exchange left hooks. Will it heat up? There were some intense moments. Oh, big left hook sends Forte down. Oscar Deloya lands the left hook and sends Corte down. I don't know if Corte is hurt as much as off balance. Let's see. Earlier when they exchanged left hooks, De La Hoya got the worst of it. This time it was Corte who opened himself up. Big right by Corte. Right and left by Deloya, but Corte comes back with his own. They rumble in the corner. It's not a chess match anymore. There goes Deloya for the left. It's all even in the knockdown department. He may have the makings of a classic. Is Dela hurt? I think so. HE'S HOLDING Del Hoya looks a little rocky. Mitch helper took a lot of time to warn Forte about something. What I don't know. I have to say that warning gave Oscar Hoya a little time to recoup. Deloy opening himself up again. Nice jab by Corte. It has heated up here in round six. De La Hoya landed that left hook that sent Oh my nice right hand by Corte. De La Hoya got &gt;&gt; very brave after he landed that left hook to Forte, but he opened himself up for the next left hook. Now De La Hoya comes back with his jabs. Under a minute left to go. Both men have been down here in the sixth. Swelling around the left eye of Del Hoya. It's Forte pressing forward. Those punches were all blocked by De La Hoya or by Corte. &gt;&gt; Well, who do you like in this round? Both men were knocked down, but Corte seemed to land the bigger punches and see to land more of them. The Forte jab keeps going. Here is where De La Hoya was sent by Forte down as they exchanged left hooks. De La Hoya off or Forte off balance got hit with the left hook, but turnaround is fair play. There was the left hook by Forte sending De La Hoya down right on the chin. His favorite fighter, Wilfredo Gomez. All right, here we go. Both guys are decked out in white and pink. The guy with the pink on his shoes is Juan Man Lopez with what looks more primarily pink to you, but he's got some silver on the trunks is Bernaby Conpsion. So to the right of your screen is Lopez Conpsion with his back to you now. The taller of the two men is Lopez, the Colonel Bob Sheridan here with the champ, Juan Leaporte. Glad that you can be with us here at the Coliseo Jose Miguel Aguero in Rey and Puerto Rico. This is the first of the 12 round scheduled WBO featherweight championship at 126 lbs. Neither guy has opened up just yet. &gt;&gt; OH, RIGHT AWAY. BUT SEPION is touched up. Sepion has squared up &gt;&gt; and Lopez has showed his power right away. &gt;&gt; He did. He shows his power, but you see right after that he goes right to the head again. He should be working to the body so he could get the guy in the head. &gt;&gt; That's coming from one of the great body punches of all time. Don't forget. And right to the body goes Conpsion. But right through it comes Lopez. And he's down. He caught HIM WITH A SHOT. AND CONPION'S DOWN IN THE FIRST ROUND. And you know something, he's hurt. He tagged him with a good shot. &gt;&gt; Hit him right in the head. The count's up to eight. He's okay. So Lopez's power is significant right away. &gt;&gt; Conpsion wants to fight AS HARD AS HE CAN. LOADING UP THE SHOTS IS ONE MAN. LOPEZ CAUGHT IN THE CHIN AGAIN. This doesn't look like it's going to take long. Boy, one man Lopez looks huge against Conpion. Conpsion got to grab on. He pushes down and referee Luis Pavone right on TOP OF HIM LOADS UP THE RIGHT HAND WHISTLES PASS TO JENNICK LOPEZ. &gt;&gt; Lopez took a shot but he's right now in the stage. He'll take one to get it in. You see the head go down against and Juan Manuel comes right with the uppercut. He wants to finish this off in the first round. &gt;&gt; Oh, he is. If he gets another shot like that, this fight will be at the end in the first round. But um kid is getting his composure back together and Juan Manuel Lopez is just taking his time. He he feels that he could hurt him anytime he wants. He knows he's got the power. Catches him with a left hand again. Don't forget for the southpaw. That's the power shot. He's all over him. Conception better do something. He could give Pepon the reason body shot. There you go. Body shot at Look at that. Look at this. &gt;&gt; Look at that. JUANO GETS KNOCKED DOWN WITH NO BODY SHOTS. CONCEPTION shows his OWN BODY AND DROPS JUAN LOPEZ. SO AFTER ALL THAT, CONPSION wins the first round. &gt;&gt; Well, can't get too overconfident, RIGHT? &gt;&gt; WOW. HOW ABOUT THAT? Let's see. As Conpion gets hit with a left hook, Juanma comes in again. No body shots. They're just throwing wild shots here now. And you know, just accumulation of punch. That wasn't even a clear knockdown. It was a punch before. Let's see this now. &gt;&gt; Throwing all kinds of shots. Ducks underneath and he catches him with a left hook. &gt;&gt; No body shots. Remember, so much is on the line here at 140 lbs. Sauce has been destined for greatness for so long. The hype has been building a win tonight and possibly lined up to fight undefeated Maurice Hooker who just won the belt from Terry Flanigan. Both of these guys made their reputations within the boxing business at the wild card. Years ago, Lady Z came from Australia. Freddy Rohach put him in with Miguel Cotto and he impressed. Oh, SAVAGE SHOT. SAUCE ATTACKING THAT HEAD LEFT AND RIGHT AS LENNY Z COMES BACK. &gt;&gt; Look at the EXPERIENCE NOW COMING IN. YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT EXPERIENCE AND GUTS FROM HURT AND BATTERED TO NOW A LEFT HOOK THAT HAS THE UNDEFEATED HOMETOWN KID HURTING BADLY BACKED UP. &gt;&gt; HE BETTER HOLD &gt;&gt; LENNY Z. &gt;&gt; LOOK AT THIS ACTION FROM LENNY Z GOING FOR BROKE HERE IN ROUND NUMBER FOUR. A BIG RIGHT HAND. ALEX SAUCE STOOD UP TO IT SOMEHOW. finally ties up for a moment but quickly a break. &gt;&gt; CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS FIGHT AND A CUT ON SAUO'S RIGHT EYE AS HE TAKES AND TAKES AND TRIES TO GET MORE? &gt;&gt; I asked Lenny Z yesterday what happens if he loses. &gt;&gt; There is no losing. He said absolutely not. He knows this is his last shot. This is basically the Maurice Hooker's title. This is his last shot to get there. TO GET THAT SQUARED UP, THROWING PUNCH AFTER PUNCH AFTER PUNCH. He's gone for it. &gt;&gt; BLOOD STREAMING DOWN THE FACE OF SASHO AS WELL AS HE LANDS AN UPPERCUT. We've talked about Lenny Z's cuts. Salad has cut in his last two fights. And this is a gruesome one above his right eye. There you go. Saledo loves to fight that mid distance range. He don't LIKE TO USE HIS HEIGHT. GUESS WHAT? LENNY Z KNOWS THAT and he stays there after EVERY COMBINATION. DOESN'T MOVE HIS HEAD. And Lenny Z an AGGRESSIVE COUNTER PUNCHER. SO LANDED A RIGHT HAND THAT OPENED UP THE cut even worse on Lenny Z. AND LENNY Z STANDS UP AND JUST FIRES BACK. THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS. LET'S SEE HOW THEY FINISH IT UP. LET HIM TAKE IT HOME, BOYS. &gt;&gt; You can take your list of round of the year and put it in big marker right now. &gt;&gt; Here's how it all started. There you see Saledo jabbing right there. A little bit too close. TRYING TO THROW A HOOK FROM THE MIDDLE AND GOT CLIPPED with a right hand. There it is. Overhand right. Jabbing or throwing a punch from the middle. Whether it's a hook or a jab, Lenny Z stepping right in with the overhand right. He changed levels right there. &gt;&gt; Look at how clean their faces were at that moment of the fourth round. &gt;&gt; Manny beats Marco Antonio Barrera. &gt;&gt; Didn't even win a title. And did he win a title? &gt;&gt; Who everybody recognized as the world featherweight champion? &gt;&gt; Left-hander comes out. He's wearing the flaming trunks. Marquez a more subtle white color with the red trim. Scheduled for 12 rounds. And I think it's going to be like this. &gt;&gt; Well, that's why Pacquiao has the flames on his trunks cuz he comes out blazing. Every fight he fights is the same. He's got a lot of energy. He's going to be real busy moving in and out. He's not a runner. &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; he has a lot of movement. &gt;&gt; Well, what do you think the keys to this fight are, Lester? &gt;&gt; Well, I think for Marquez, he's got to establish that jab early. The way Marco Antonio Barrera beat &gt;&gt; beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat uh nasi &gt;&gt; good combination &gt;&gt; the way beat Nasim Jame and against a left-hander if you can establish that jab against him it'll help him a lot you keep Pacquiao off of him he'll be able to land those combinations and those counter punches. &gt;&gt; What's a Pac-Man got to do? Now the Pac-Man's got to do what he always does. He's got to rush. He's got to rush in. He's He's got to be careful not to get too reckless though because he can get hurt by Marquez. He's a big puncher and he's got to use a speed advantage. He's got to be careful not to stay inside too long and uh but he's got to be careful when he throws that left hand, which is a very powerful left hand, not to overcommit. &gt;&gt; Another good combination from Juan Manuel Marquez, 30-year-old fighter who waited a long time to win those titles. finally got one against Manuel Medina right here in Las Vegas February 1st of last year. Then backed it up with a victory over Derek Smoke Gainer. &gt;&gt; Back out. &gt;&gt; There's that left hand. &gt;&gt; Comes in with a left hand and puts Marquez on the seat of his pants. &gt;&gt; Just that fast. &gt;&gt; Marquez has been down before against some pretty good fighters. Fred Norwin knocking down. Daryl Pney a good German fighter knocking down. But he appears to be all right right here. &gt;&gt; Well, this is &gt;&gt; down goes Marquez again with another left. &gt;&gt; But this is the first time he's been down twice in a round. &gt;&gt; And there's a long way to go. &gt;&gt; Now he's confident he's got to be shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's got to be in a little bit trouble here. He gets knocked down again. The referee might be in the fight. &gt;&gt; He didn't even get started and Pacquiao was all over him. That could be it. &gt;&gt; That one hurting. &gt;&gt; Only 30 seconds left in the round. &gt;&gt; I don't think he's going to make it through the round. He gets hit with another left hand, it's going to be it. But Pacquiao's got to be careful. Marcus can hurt you, too. &gt;&gt; I don't know if the referee will let it go if he gets knocked down for a fourth time. 15 seconds left in the round. Pacquiao just comes in and just unloads. I mean, this is no fighting business whatsoever. Marquez has been down three times in the first round. &gt;&gt; Pacquiao. &gt;&gt; That's it. Marquez still standing. Pacquiao staring at him from across the ring, not going to his corner immediately. He couldn't believe it. He couldn't believe he was still standing. You'll see the power of Pacquiao coming here. He has a huge left hand. And that's where everybody gets into trouble with Pacquiao. That is his bread and butter, that left hand. He's got to be careful in this fight, though. If he lays in there with that left hand, he gets he gets too careless. He could very well be countered by Marquez, who's a big puncher himself. Couple punches. All right. Use your fist. Use your fins and get it up.