Kind: captions Language: en Remember, protect yourself all time and respect my commands, okay? Touch gloves. God bless. It's a big night for that man, Nonito Donaire against Cesar Juarez. Donaire trying to find his place once again. Can he do it tonight and reclaim a world title? Round one of a scheduled 12 is underway. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And Donaire right out of the gates. See Kevin, that's that's experience right there. He shot a quick right hand cuz he saw the guy coming in lazy without throwing anything. That's what's going to keep him on top. Juarez Juarez is going to give opportunities to land counter punches. That's what Donaire does. Juarez, the native of Mexico City, started boxing at age eight. The other kids at school always beat him up. He didn't just rely on the fight game though. He brings a master's degree in penal law into the ring. He's in law school right now. But he's in boxing school right now. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, you know what the thing about Donaire is Oh, good shots. Donaire is a It's a game with inches and angles with him. You know, he slides back. He moves to the side left or right just enough to make you miss counter. Yeah, if you let Donaire control the geography of the ring, I honestly feel like he can do whatever he wants with you. But if you take that space away from Donaire, I think that you give him some problems. If the fight stays like this where Juarez is on the outside, Donaire will eat you up all night long. But I was told by the handlers of Juarez that he would be pressured and Donaire and pushing him back and hope to get him in the later rounds and then take over. Juarez is not able to get much done so far in this first round. Stung immediately out of the gates by Donaire. Good right hand by Juarez. Again, that's experience with Donaire. He'll do it all night long. If this guy doesn't come to him behind the jab, he'll get sharp shooting with that right hand, counter it all night long. Donaire counter punches so well that he tends to make his opponent kind of his opponents kind of shell-shocked. They don't like to throw too many punches. Getting hit with those big counters like that, you're going to see Juarez not throw very many shots. Oh, Juarez is still trying there. Nonito has always been known as a sharp shooter. Yes. And this is you know, this is what he's doing right now. Final seconds of round one. 10 seconds. Round one about to finish up. Off to a good start here in Puerto Rico. Time. Round two here in Puerto Rico between Nonito Donaire and Cesar Juarez. Nice left hook by Juarez. Donaire really controlled that first round. Well, yeah. He controlled the distance. Everything that made him fighter of the year in 2012 and even 2010. You know, he was two-time fighter of the year. It's what he did. Ring generalship. He was He's a sharp shooter, picking his spots. One of the things that you saw a little bit from Juarez is that he's able to pace this a little bit. He's fought a lot of rounds in his career and perhaps he's trying to stretch this into those later rounds and see if he can get Donaire questioning himself a little bit. Donaire since his loss to Nicholas Walters has won in two straight second-round knockouts. Yeah, but the opposition was very limited, I think, in those fights. I think this fight is is a perfect tailor-made fighter for Donaire. You see him counter punching at will. You see him landing clean punches. He's able to do whatever he wants against a slower, flat-footed fighter in Juarez. Well, it's the Juarez Oh, big [screaming] left hand. &gt;&gt; hurt. Oh. And Nonito Donaire going in for the kill. I was just going to say what a Cesar Juarez is known as being a strong, durable guy. See the shots he just took. You can see that how durable he is. Trying for that uppercut once more. Well, he's able He's looking for that because Juarez is leaning forward when he attacks. He's able to land that uppercut in the middle. And he's known for you know, he comes in with wide shots. And again, when you have a sharp shooter like Donaire, he'll go right up the middle all night long. But the one thing I was surprised about Juarez at at the fighter meetings, he's got a master's degree. He's an educated kid. He's got a master's degree and I believe in law. Very smart kid. Donaire going to the body consistently with that left hand. Yeah, Juarez is is very predictable. I mean, he's rocking side to side. He's able to counter him every single time. You see him rock one side to the next side to the next side. It's easy to counter him. Well, Tim, what you got to like Juarez, he's questioning himself right now. Just as you said, he's the type of fighter He's got to just kind of come forward and let his hands move. Got to let his hands go. Easy to go get hit trying or not trying. Either way, he's going to get hit. So, he might as well try. Good jab. Time. Felix Verdejo getting ready for our main event coming up in just a little bit. Round three between Nonito Donaire and Cesar Juarez. I think Juarez just took Donaire's best shot right now. I think now he needs to go in there and and let his hands go follow behind that double jab or throw some faints get Donaire to kind of fall short and make and counter punch. Got to change it up a little bit. He's felt his best punch. Look at Donaire moving on angles. He's looking pretty sweet doing that. Trying to find different angles. Juarez just did two things that he's I've noticed when I watched the tape. He's wide with his punches and he pulls straight back after he throws it. You do that against Donaire, he's going to follow you right in and clip you on the chin. Yeah. Donaire looking sharp right now, really sharp right now. Landing crisp right hands, left hooks. That uppercut he landed was amazing. But once again, I told you it it This guy is tailor-made for him. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. &gt;&gt; Tailor-made. Let's check in with Christina Poncher. You were listening in in Donaire's corner. I was. His dad, Nonito Donaire Sr., was just telling him to keep the distance and be a little bit more patient. He wants to see a real snap on those punches and just keep that side-to-side movement. So, that's the game plan going forward. Hi, Christina. Thank you very much. Middle of round three, Nonito Donaire, 2012 fighter of the year, but after the setback, the loss to Nicholas Walters, dropped back down to 122 lbs and really reevaluated his entire career. Well, he went to 122 lbs is where he belongs. Going up any higher than that, I mean, honestly, these guys are big, especially guy like Walters who's a who's a big giant 126 lbs. See the style that his father wants him to fight. The movement, that's giving Juarez all kind of giving him all kind of problems. He's not going to be able to catch Nonito if he keeps moving like he's doing. He's going to have to bang that body, slow him down, try to corner him, and then muscle him. You know, rough him up a bit. &gt;&gt; with you, Ray. So, does Donaire need to have a knockout to get people back on the Nonito Donaire bandwagon? Yes. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I get to Yes. I I get to a fighter that's tailor-made for him. I I think he needs a knockout tonight. I I just think he has to win impressively. If he wins impressively, he's back then. He's back in the mix. Not quite the bombs in this round until right now. Juarez lands a shot and has Donaire on the ropes for a moment. See how he's throwing punches? That's what's going to get Juarez caught on the chin. Round four of a scheduled 12. Ray Mancini, how do you have it scored through three? Well, I got three rounds to none. Donaire's pitching a shutout right now. What did we gain? What did Juarez gain from the flurry at the end of round three? Well, I honestly think he gained uh he gained some confidence. He's able to take Donaire's best punch. He was able to land some of his shots. I thought he did good. I think that's what he needs to do to get in this fight. Oh, big right hand from Donaire. And Juarez is down. Well, he got clipped on the chin and he got tripped. He got hit with that shot because he threw a jab from way too close. Juarez went down three times in the first round against Jorge Lara in July of 2012. He's in trouble here and in danger of going down a second time in round four. Donaire trying to finish him off. And there's the Filipino flash with a big left hook that he was famous for. This Juarez kid is tough. He took some big punches right there and he's still standing up. Another big right hand. This is one tough guy right here. And he's clear-headed, too. He is so determined. He he just got married. He has a baby on the way and he's showing it tonight. Showing his true courage tonight. Tim, I just hope he's not too too too too much courage for his own good. Juarez snuck a body shot in and there's a massive left hand. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And a beautiful left hook thrown by Donaire. Do you think Donaire's going to finish him here? That left hook, the trademark of Nonito Donaire in his heyday. Oh, yeah. He looks very impressive. Like I told you tonight, he looks very impressive tonight. Landing clean counter punches like that and power punches. Again, I hope that Juarez is too brave for his own good. Juarez is putting it all on the line right now. Watch Nonito and his Oh. Juarez in trouble again. Still standing. Nonito's known for stepping and sliding back a half inch or so and being countering with that left hook. The uppercut sneaks in. Juarez takes it as he has every punch in this round. I don't know. He's getting hit with too many clean punches. If I was in his corner, I would probably be throwing the towel right now. Too many clean shots. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh, the first knockdown from Nonito Donaire. Saw Juarez hang there. Yeah, you you saw Juarez. He threw a jab from way too close. Nonito rolled it, threw a right hand over the top. Stepped in with a left hook. He just missed that left hook. That probably would have finished him. Here's the second knockdown, much cleaner. Nonito stepping around, threw that left hook. Juarez had his hand down. Caught him right on the button. Round five underway. No questioning the guts of Cesar Juarez. Uh he's here to fight, man. He has a baby on the way and he like I said, he just got married. He's going to give it everything he has, but if I I tell you, if I was in his corner, I would definitely think about throwing in the towel. He's getting hit with too many big punches. &gt;&gt; He's not throwing a jab. He's not throwing anything to keep uh Donaire off of him. Nonito's going to hook around with that left jab all night long and one of them's going to catch him. Well, I told you, Nonito's counter punch ability is amazing. He has a tendency of making his opponents not throw any punches. They keep their hands at home and you know, he's able to dictate what he's doing in the ring. A more pedestrian start to this fifth round after the fireworks in the fourth. And then Juarez is a lot slower as well. He Donaire is is a seasoned a seasoned fighter. He's a veteran in the sport. He sees everything coming. Again, Donaire's known for first faint, slide back and counter. See if Donaire will follow up with that that left hook after that right hand. And then work the right to the body. He started early on the body of Juarez with that left hand. I I don't like what I'm seeing. Juarez getting hit with too many big shots. Look at that. Juarez trying to answer. That's where he needs to keep the fight right there. That's what he has to do and be careful from the counter punching. Stay close. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; If I was in Juarez's corner, I wouldn't even tell him to shoot to the head. I would say hit him to the body. That's all I would tell him. Hit him to the body. Go to the body. Well, he's got to keep hitting him everywhere else. Hit him in the arms. Bang on the arms. Bang on him anywhere, but not in the head. Don't try to shoot at the head. Hit him in the hip. Anywhere so long as it's not You see Donaire is very comfortable in there. Donaire is very comfortable in there. He sees everything coming. Very poised in there inside right now. Finding positions to land his shots. There's no panic in Donaire right now. How much is on that left hand that Juarez is throwing right now? He's a strong kid. He's clubbing him, but there's not a whole lot of snap behind it. That's what knocks guys out when you snap the punch. Look at the left eye of of Donaire right now. It's closing. It's it's swelling a little bit. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. But Tim, you know what happens is you get older in age a little bit. Juarez trying to hold him in. Wow, this is Round six of a scheduled 12. Well, Juarez really closed that round very well. Attacking Donaire, had him pinned on the ropes, closed the gap on him, landing some good clean right hands over the top. He needs us we need to see more of that from him if he wants to win this fight. You know, they say that Juarez is in great shape and obviously he is because he's responded, coming back. Uh I I I tell you, I'm impressed by that. I just want to see him let his hands go more or he has no shot of winning this fight. He's got a similar comeback story to Nonito Donaire. He went through a 7-month period from 2012 through early 2013, lost two of three fights and then took a fight as essentially an opponent and was able to get the win over Cesar Seda. That got him the fight against Juan Carlos Sanchez. He also won that one and that's put him in position for this fight. I don't know if those fighters are the fighter that Nonito Donaire is. To put him in with Donaire at this point, hey, it's not a bad option. Um but you could see the difference in class. Unless he comes back, like I said, his his job or his idea was to wear uh Nonito down in the later rounds, feeling that he's a older fighter and that he could catch up to him in the later rounds. I honestly think that Donaire is making a mistake right now. He's allowing Juarez to build some confidence up. He's not really doing much. He's dancing around, moving, trying to find angles, but he's not punching off his angles and that's allowing Juarez to walk him down and attack at will. He is in the sixth round. This is as deep as he's gone in a fight since the Walters fight. Is there any chance he wears down a little bit? Well, at this point, it the kid's wearing him walking him down and who knows? I mean, he's catching him with good shots, but Nonito is still a sharpshooting. You know, he's countering. But this kid, you know, is strong as a bull and if he could get him into the eighth, ninth, 10th round, we'll see. Yeah, Donaire hit him with a clean right hand over the top and then then followed up with anything. He's throwing one shot at a time. This kid has took his best punch and he's still walking him down and coming forward. That's a slip. Not a knockdown, but Donaire may be hurt. He rolled his ankle. Oh, his knee. He rolled his ankle. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. I think Donaire's going to have to do some soul searching right now if he has a hurt ankle. He's got to forget about it and and fight. This is a championship match right now. Round seven of a scheduled 12. Ray Mancini, how do you have it scored so far? Well, Donaire's pitching a shutout, 60 to 53. I made it the fourth round a 10-8 cuz the first even though he he clipped him on the chin, he went down on a trip. Saw Donaire talking to himself a little bit he came out in the beginning of the round. Maybe he's telling himself, "Hey, I could still do this. You know, I'm okay." Kind of talking to himself psychologically. He talked with us a lot yesterday in the fighter meetings about the mental side of fighting. He's been through a lot of soul searching over the last year or so. Is this where that mental side really gets tested? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. This is where he said he'd gone to seminars, Tony Robbins, uh listen to all these motivational speakers and I admired that. And he And he reads and he's a student of Bruce Lee. You know, you got to love that also. But right now, he better call on some intestinal fortitude to win this fight cuz my man uh Cesar Juarez is walking him in down and he's putting it his fight plan into effect. Kristina Poncher, you were in Nonito's corner. What's the word? Well, right away they went to the left ankle as you saw it got twisted a little bit when he fell, but he told him he's fine, but he said he took that round off, but he'd like him to pick up the pace a little bit more in this round, but do it effectively. No more lazy jabs, just look for the opening with crisp punches. That right eye is cut of Donaire. I don't know if it's from a punch or a butt, but Donaire's getting hit with some clean shots on that ropes right now. Juarez has him pinned and has landed a couple. Juarez needs to stay tight with those punches or he's going to get kicked with a counter punch if he continues to swing wildly like that against Donaire. You know, Tim, you know as well as I do, even though he's not Juarez is not catching Donaire on the ropes, to the judges' eye, he's throwing punches and Nonito's the one moving. Well, I can tell you he's winning this round right now. But he's getting hit with some big shots. Some bombs are landing for both fighters. Wow. I think Juarez is kind of discouraging Nonito right now how strong he is and he's been able to take his best punch. Again, this uh talking with uh Juarez's people this afternoon, they wanted to get Nonito into the later rounds and and start to take over. They've started to do that in the seventh round. Juarez is having a great round right now in my book. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Round eight here on MetroPCS Friday Night Knockout, Nonito Donaire and Cesar Juarez. And Juarez with an excellent round in round seven. Here we are in round eight. Nonito Donaire had two easy second round knockouts in his other two fights since the loss to Nicholas Walters, stamina has to be a concern right now for the Donaire corner. Well, he looks good right now. Uh Juarez is not really attacking like he should. Now he is. Oh, and a big left hand from Juarez. Juarez needs to let his hands go. He has Nonito backing up backing up straight up with his hands down. He needs to take advantage of of the That was opportunities. We talked about earlier, Tim. We said if Nonito got into the later rounds, he's a little older fighter, would he want to take the punishment and fight like he once did? At some point, your mind says, you know, maybe I don't want to take the punishment. I don't want to be here. Maybe he's thinking that, too. He's not the same fighter he was in the first two rounds of this fight. No. No, no, no. My man Juarez has changed that real quick. And he's got Nonito talking to himself a little bit. He's got him thinking. I told you a few rounds ago what was going on. That Juarez is building confidence as Nonito was backing up, not doing much. And you see that confidence here. Juarez has taken Nonito's best punch and it's kind of discouraging Nonito right now. Donaire with two knockdowns in round four. And since that time, Juarez has slowly been gaining momentum. And look, Nonito's starting to mark up. And believe me, when you get older and you start marking up, your eyes swelling, you you start tasting your own blood. And it affects your mind. Nonito right now is in a bad position right now. He seems like he's a little bit gassed. Juarez is sticking to him like flies. Juarez senses something from Donaire. A flurry. Wow. What is hitting Juarez? He's fighting like he's possessed. We We talked about Oh my god. Nonito can change it, but look at Juarez. Juarez is exhausted. Oh my &gt;&gt; But he connects with a right hand. But Nonito can change it with one punch. He sure can, but look at Juarez. He's fighting back. He has something to fight for. What a finish to round eight. Oh, big uppercut. Juarez. Round nine about to begin and Cesar Juarez in his last fight against Juan Carlos Sanchez on July 25th, Sanchez was favored to win the fight. Juarez steadily wore him down, dropped him in the 10th. Sanchez fell completely out of the ring in the 12th and Juarez got the win. Similar pattern developing here. Yes, it is. Juarez never giving up, having that warrior mentality. He knows what works for him and that's the pressure and that's what he's going to do. He's going to continue on to bring the pressure. He's going to take the best punch that that Donaire can give out and possibly discourage. You know, there's no question of desire and heart from either guy, but at some point you have to wonder who's hungrier. And at this point, Juarez is much hungrier. Well, I can tell you between the rounds, I looked at both fighters' eyes. I see one fighter that's winning the fight, but it looks like he don't want to be here. And I see the other fighter laying in the corner looking like, you know what? I can win this fight. And there's three Tim, there's four rounds to go. He's got another third of the fight. Oh. Oh. Snuck the right hand in. With another third of the fight left, Ray, does Donaire have enough left in the tank to get to the end? Well, he's there's no question he's in good shape, but we're going to find out because Juarez starting to test that intestinal fortitude like I said. He's banging that body and he's roughing him up. Juarez told us yesterday he's ready for his power. He's just going to pressure Donaire and you said, "Well, what if that doesn't work, Tim?" And he said, "Well, I'm going to have to improvise, but I'll just keep pressuring." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's what he's doing right now and he's having success doing it. Good body shot. Juarez. Juarez going to the body now. He's digging down in that body. You know, Nonito can't be laying on those ropes. Even though he's making a miss, he's getting he's catching punches on the arms. And those punches take their toll. Oh. Nonito's getting hit on those ropes. He's not blocking any shots. He's getting hit on those ropes right now. He can't take landing shots. Four more rounds of that laying on ropes, Tim. It could be over. We don't know. That's the beauty of boxing. Oh, big right hand from Donaire. Juarez took it again. Juarez is full of confidence. Nonito has no gas right now. He didn't have a lot of power on his punches right now. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Two round four knockdowns, but Juarez and Donaire have been in a battle ever since and Cesar Juarez just continuing to press the action. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; If If this If I bumped into the corner of Juarez, you got to tell him to come in and and kamikaze. Just let all that hang out. Throw punches from all angles. Rough this guy up, push him in the corner and go to work. Yeah, Juarez going to need a knockout to win this fight. I mean, he's so behind on points, but he's these last couple of rounds, he's been putting on a good showing. He's been winning a few of these rounds in the last round. He's going to do a little bit more, I think. The right hand lands once more from Donaire. See, this pace favors Nonito. And this is why Juarez, if he wants to win this fight, he's got to pick up the pace and just keep pressuring, almost running at him. Almost, but he's got to pick up the pace And just keep roughing him up. Oh, there we go. That's what I'm talking about. He got hit with that right hand. His nose like exploded. It's bleeding really bad Ware's is right now. And back to the body goes Ware's. And now upstairs once more. That's what he has to do. He has to go down and keep breaking down Nonito right now. Oh. You called it Tim. The nose of Ware's is just gushing right now. It's probably broke. I don't think he cares at all. He's [laughter] going for it. Ware's is not caring about his nose and he's not caring about getting hit either. He needs to learn how to move his head every now and then. Getting hit with some big punches like that. A slip is the call. But he got hit. Even if he got slipped, he got hit before he went down. That's a knockdown. &gt;&gt; knockdown. Donaire was never knocked down until the Nicholas Nicholas Walters fight. And that's the only time he's tasted the canvas. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the second time. Nonito's in trouble right now, guys. Nice counter right hand. Once again, he threw a jab from too close. And he keeps doing that. I don't know why. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And Ware's lands with a left hand. What a fight in Puerto Rico. This is what I'm talking about. Right here. Boom. Nonito gets caught right there. And he goes down. I don't care if it's ankle twist or not. He got hit, which caused the ankle to twist. That's a knockdown. What a battle this has been. One of one of my best fights. One of my favorite fights this year. Round 11. And these two guys look like they've been in a long and bloody fight. Very exciting fight tonight. Ware's is allowing Nonito to think they're in the move. He needs to close that gap a lot sooner. This is a fight of the year candidate, my book. Both fighters taking a slow start approach to this round. We've seen this before in this fight though. The flurries come later. Ware's will turn it up the second half of the round, I'm sure. Nonito's doing some good movement right now, moving on angles. Once Nonito stands stationary, then Ware's will be able to catch up to him. Can't run forever. Ware's stalking Donaire all over this ring. Yeah, but he's not throwing any punches. He's just leaning in. And Nonito's turning him every time with the check hook. Every time he steps in, he's turning. Now, Ware's got to watch him keep getting ragged like that. He's got to keep his composure or he's got no shot at beating Nonito. Or catching him. I mean, this is a a fight fans fight. You know what I mean? Like my guys in Youngstown, Jaime and the guy and the crew. They're loving this. After all the pyrotechnics we've seen in this fight, this round relatively tame. Ware's been able to absorb some of these punches cuz he's been rolling with his punches. See him rolling a little bit with that right hand. Taking a little bit of steam off the right hand of Nonito. Ware's had him in this position last round. That's where we saw the flurry on the ropes, but Ware's not throwing punches right now. He's looking for spots right now. He's protecting himself against the big bomb from Donaire. He needs to keep that right hand out of home. Tim, you know Nonito can't lay there and take too many of them punches, man. He's getting worn down right now. He's got to get off the rope and get to center ring where he is most effective. I agree with you on that. Final seconds of round 11. A fight of the year candidate perhaps. We reach the final round. Nonito Donaire and Cesar Ware's. Ware's enters this 12th round knowing to win, he's likely got to knock Donaire out. He finish He should have been fighting like this the last three rounds. Running at him just like he's doing now. Donaire's exhausted right now. He's laying on the ropes. And there's that flurry that we saw in the 10th. He's got to get off the ropes. &gt;&gt; shot. This is where Ware's wants to be. Right here. If Donaire hangs on, what does he take from this performance that he uses going forward? I got to tell you. I I I mean, it's a great win for him because of a rough, tough, rugged guy. But, you know, he's got to look He's laying on ropes way too much. Taking way too much punishment. That's not That's not characteristic of Nonito Donaire. Not at all. Halfway through round 12. Early rounds Early he was sharp shooting them. Dropped him twice. But somewhere along the way, he stopped throwing those He stopped He's starting letting them come forward and push pushing them on ropes. But he's a warrior. Look. Look at his face. You got to love that guy. I love Donaire. Love this kid. This capacity crowd has gotten their money's worth in this one. What a fight in the final minute of round 12. Donaire right now is showing a lot of heart right now. He's taking Ware's best punches right now and dishing them out like that. He's showing that warrior mentality. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; What's keeping these two guys up right now? What? Heart, desire. &gt;&gt; Heart. Both of these guys. Pride. You know, Nonito's a proud champion. And Ware's is a proud warrior. Nonito's showing a lot of heart right now. He is extremely tired, but he keeps firing back trying to land big bombs like that left hook just now. Final 10 seconds of this one. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; A few more bombs to be thrown to close out this spectacular fight. The final word, the decision, when we return on MetroPCS Friday Night Knockout on truTV. After 12 rounds, judges Torres and Vasquez turn in scores of 116 to 110. Martinez scores it 117 to 109. Judge Martinez scores it 117 to 109. All three in favor of the winner by way of unanimous decision. And now, WBO junior featherweight champion of the world, from the Philippines, the Filipino Flash, Nonito Donaire. What a fight. And now champion once again. Much more to come from Puerto Rico when we return on MetroPCS Friday Night Knockout on truTV. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.