Kind: captions Language: en Okay, gentlemen, we went over the rules in the dressing room. I want to remind you, protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands. God bless you both. Touch up. So, for Xander Zas, at just 19 years old, he has been active. His eighth fight since the start of 2021. He was hoping to be more active in recent months. He was supposed to fight back at Madison Square Garden on the weekend of the Puerto Rican Day parade, but he had a viral infection after training in Australia for the better part of May. And that was really tough for him to take. He was so disappointed that he didn't get that spot on the Puerto Rican Day parade card at MSG. That just shows you the passion of the young man. I saw the video. It went viral. You know, him crying, talking about talking to his fans, apologizing to his fans. But this comes with the sport, man. You know, it's a learning experience for him and I'm sure that, you know, the time off was was much needed because he's a hard worker. He stays in the gym and he's hungry for success. See both fighters coming out in this first round at a fast pace in the center of the ring. Espatada is not just here to collect a check. He's a stiff test tonight for Ziz. And I want to see how Xander Z responds. It's not as a 10-year &gt;&gt; prosa WITHOUT look at SANDER ZAS FIRST round knockdown 6. &gt;&gt; Think he was hungry to get back in here. &gt;&gt; Healthy, freshened, ready, and let's see if he can put on an early show. Zas calmly stalking his prey now against the veteran Mexican fighter 22 wins deep into the career of the 31-year-old who gets floored goes to the body after throwing the uppercut to Xander. &gt;&gt; Those body shots hurt. &gt;&gt; Goes to the body again after that four punch combination. Xander setting up that left hook up top. He's bringing that right hand. Look at the right hand. The back hand coming down. There it is. Left hook, straight right. &gt;&gt; He's setting it up all behind the left jab. He's still patient even though he has his opponent hurt. That's maturity on display right now. &gt;&gt; Don't do that. &gt;&gt; Spottis on the inside firing back. Oh, &gt;&gt; Danner rushing his offense a little bit. Got caught in the spot right there. &gt;&gt; Needs to take his time. He's looking to He's looking for the knockout. He needs to let the fight develop. &gt;&gt; One, two with a right hand. That hit. &gt;&gt; There it goes again. &gt;&gt; A little left hook. Oh, &gt;&gt; that's the 50/50 exchanges that Xander is is clearly getting the better of, but he's also in range to be hit. &gt;&gt; No doubt about it. Got to watch out for that right hand in his spot. &gt;&gt; Out for those low. &gt;&gt; Multiple warnings already. We're going to take a short break, come back, show you that replay of the knockdown scored by the 19-year-old sensation Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Stay sharp. See how you left because you were in her range, right? &gt;&gt; You don't need that. &gt;&gt; You can get a point deduction. Don't do that. Right. We saw it in video. We worked it. Let's go. Check out this nasty slot change by Xander right there. Opponent would throw a last senior head. You see the right hand right there. Miss from his opposition, but then the left hook comes right down the middle. Turned it right over as that left hand was extended. Beautiful shot right there from Xander Zas. Xander Zas, who will turn 20 next month, signed a promotional contract with Top Rank when he was only 16 years old. He was already a pro fighter when he was graduating from Plantation High School in South Florida. Originally from San Juan, takes great pride in his Puerto Rican roots and fights out of Sunrise, Florida. &gt;&gt; Zia seems like he just wants to fight fire with fire early in this fight. He typically will take his time, try to set up his shots and box. It's not the case tonight. He's been in 50/50 exchanges the whole first round. Got the better of it, but Espatada has just missed a few good shots himself. &gt;&gt; 18 power punches landed in that first round for Xander. Spottis also lives in South Florida, native of Mexico, but he says, you know, I've known Xander since he was in the amateurs. Kid used to come into the gym. Hair was painted blue. That's when he first started fighting as a pro with that unique look. Goes to the body again. Already received a few warnings from Russell Moira in round one. But the thing that I like about Zas is he's an aggressive counter puncher. You know, he he'll fight off the jab, but he throws combinations. He's very active. He throws about 70 punches a round. &gt;&gt; Your hands. &gt;&gt; That's well above the average at this weight class. Both fighters have good success when they start to use the jab. &gt;&gt; Zas has used his jab more than Espatada, but Espatada is picking his left hand up this round as well. &gt;&gt; Going to time that right hand and then finish with the left hook. &gt;&gt; Sweeps with it again. &gt;&gt; There's one thing on Xander's mind, Dre. As you said, he just wants to fight tonight. I mean, those 50-50 exchanges are dangerous, but Xander feels he can take it. And he's also getting his head off the line when he shoots that right hand. So, he's not getting that return fire from Espatada. &gt;&gt; There it is again. &gt;&gt; It's great technique by Xander Zas. Closing that range with the jab. &gt;&gt; Spot trying to take the jab away from Xander. He's looking for that right hand. He landed it twice right there. He did. Short right hand on the inside. &gt;&gt; Trying to time these exchanges as well. Boy, entertaining stuff early on here, isn't it? End of two. Don't go anywhere. Back here live from Resorts World in Vegas, round three. The undefeated Xander Zia scored the knockdown in round one. You see the punches last round where he had a 21-10 connect advantage. Of course, the power punching is what has opened our eyes early on in the career of Zas. He lands over 50% of his power punches. Tonight he's hovering right around 44% early on. &gt;&gt; And Joe, he feels like he wants to sit there and trade because he's growing. He's getting bigger and he feels strong. And when you're young and you feel strong, sometimes you want to do what Zas is doing. Stand there and fight. &gt;&gt; Bernardo, what are they saying in the corner of a spot? They're saying he needs to be cautious, but he needs to double up on the jab, throw combinations, and land his right because they understand that Zas has a great right, but he's also been caught with the right hand earlier in this fight. &gt;&gt; And there is Tapimo Lopez flanked by his father as they are gloving up. Tapimo senior may have been the team together all the drama outside the ring but it was his father remember in recent years on the ride up who said we're going for Vasili Machenko and they conquered that. There's a combination again left hook right hand from Zas and a good stiff jab from Xander. Another two-punch combination that lands flush. &gt;&gt; Always catches Zas either coming in or going out irresponsibly. &gt;&gt; Backs him up that time. &gt;&gt; He's got to get those hands up. Yes. &gt;&gt; He's got to get those hands up. Get your offense off. Mean it when you punch, but just know that something is coming back right now getting teed off on. &gt;&gt; Every time he has a low blow in his offense, he's getting clipped. mean one two right there down the middle. &gt;&gt; Spot's got to pick his spots when he's exchanging Zas. He shouldn't exchange every single time there's an option to exchange. He needs to pick his spots, use his jab, move around the ring, make Zaz come to him, and then every now and again sneak attack him, get into a 50/50 exchange, and then rinse in with Pete. If he continues to fight Zaz the way that he did is, he won't see the distance. &gt;&gt; Another left hook. Another left hook there. Dre sends him off balance. Nearly drove down a chopping right hand as well. &gt;&gt; And he is committed to &gt;&gt; he has a better shot of landing a shot test by sneaking it in, loling Zas to sleep ever so slightly and trying to get it in. But fire with fire is not the fight for Spot. &gt;&gt; Right in the kitchen trying to return some fire. punches up. &gt;&gt; Round number four. Xander Zas in control against a game in tough alias. Knockdown was scored in round number one. Xander when he was 6 years old had his first amateur fight. It was right next to the gym owned by Tito Trinidad. The great legendary Tito Trinidad who came to see him fight. In fact, he beat one of Tito's gym fighters. And Tito had his day and Cotto had his day. And then everybody's saying, who's the next great Puerto Rican star, right? As Felix Verdeo was thought to be that guy, the Olympian, and then in recent years, the big first round knockout streak of Edgar Burlinga. But it's becoming apparent to many that Xander has the best chance to be the man. Tess is an exciting fighter. You see, you see the volume. He's a technician, aggressive counter puncher. He's very entertaining as a young man, you know, and he's strong and he's he's showing Uhoh. Uh-oh. Point better taken. Next time I'm talking to you, I'm taking a point. You understand? I don't care. You get him up. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Bucks. &gt;&gt; Stern warning from Russell Mora. &gt;&gt; So Xander can no longer go down to the body. This entire round. He can no longer go down to the body. He has to head hunt. &gt;&gt; Left hook can do that. The right hand of Espatada has been down &gt;&gt; since the start. &gt;&gt; That's the reason why these left hooks continue to rain in on him. Joe spoke to Javier Sentenno. He says it's all right if he can't go to the body. He's going to continue to find his range. He's got a left hook from the outside. He's looking sharp, but he just cannot sit there and exchange with them. Java the veteran trainer for Xander Zas. He has his gym in South Florida just outside of Fort Lauderdale, but they were most recently in Australia because he's also the trainer for George Cambosis. So, the connectivity to Tapimo Lopez coming up in our main event. And that is where Zas had the viral infection that threw off the better part of four weeks in his schedule this year. And now you see him returning passionately and aggressively right from the start here tonight in Vegas. &gt;&gt; Want to see Zaz pick up that jab. He's had good success in these exchanges. He's gotten caught a few times, but in the dead periods when a spot is moving away, he needs to be using that jab. You can still beat your opponent up from long range while you're out of range, and that'll help you get in range to get the big shots that you want to get. He's got to pick the left hand up and be more active with it. scheduled for eight coming to the halfway mark of our co- feature and then it is the return of TFIO seconds. &gt;&gt; Xander Zas with an 85 to 37 connect advantage over his spot as we start round five. ringside physician is looking at that right arm and they will let us spot us. &gt;&gt; Wait, wait, wait. &gt;&gt; Continue. &gt;&gt; You think about those stages of development for a young prospect like Xander Zas. And you can take some leaps forward obviously when you're dealing with this level of talent and athlet athleticism and skill. &gt;&gt; Oh, and that proves it. And that's over. And let the celebration begin for now the 10th knockout for Xander with an X. And X just marked the spot. Beautiful shot. Pulling out. Beautiful shot. &gt;&gt; Pulling out. That was not by happen stance. That was set up set up beautifully with a left hand first. Grace. Yes. Yes. fundamentals gave Xander Zayz the shot that he ultimately wanted. A guy like a spider had computed all the wide shots. So he had to change up the rhythm and the cadence. He did that and boom, he got the knockout he was looking for. &gt;&gt; Minor infight adjustment that produced a major result. Wait, wait, wait. &gt;&gt; I felt that the fight was stopped a little bit too soon. Honestly, that spat got up. Side seemed clear. Not sure what the referee was looking at, but he got up. His legs looked okay. He didn't wasn't wobbly. He wasn't going side to side. And I'm sure he could have continued. Thank you. Look, here we go. Look at this setup right here. Xander Zas. Beautiful setup off the jab, hook, then right hand. Looping right hand. Boom. Ran right into it. The spotter was trying to exit. Kept that lead hand down as he was trying to get away. Right hand right on the chin, sending a spotter to the canvas. Beautiful shot right there on the chin. Right on the money from Xander Zas. Zas led and countered in this sequence right here. And you see him go to the left with the jab. And his spider thought he was out of trouble, but he didn't know that a looping right hand from Zamas was on the way was going to hit him right on the button, put him on the seat of his pants, and boom, just like that. THAT HAPPENED IN A SPLIT SECOND, but it was all set up by a two-punch combination. A jab, a waist hook, and an overhand right. And that got Xander Zas the result and the finish that he was looking for. And there is the team that has such a ride still ahead for them with Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Young man, spectacular. &gt;&gt; Tim, I want to go back to your comment about waving off this fight. That was a big shot. Second time he's gone down. But let's watch him get up here and what Russell Morris saw. &gt;&gt; What? What? What is Moram War doing? I mean, you can clearly look at the man. He wasn't like severely hurt. I mean, he went down, yes, but gosh, come on. Give the man a chance. Ladies and gentlemen, here inside Resorts World, referee Russell Mora calls a stop to this bout at 23 seconds of round number five for your winner by technical knockout. And now, the NAB junior middleweight champion, Xander Z. Xander Zas 14 and0, 10 knockouts. So impressive right from