Kind: captions Language: en You can look to your left and you can see those two guys over there that called me out. He called me out twice. Did you get what you was looking for? [Applause] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, he drops John with a right hand at the very closing seconds of round number one. He's in the southpaw stance. The chopping left hand and the right hand behind it. Boom. The right hand. &gt;&gt; It was the left, right. Boom. &gt;&gt; Shoot. How do you wait five more seconds? We would be sitting here maybe even giving the round to to &gt;&gt; bury that left hand over the shoulder and then drop his right hand, but he stays the way he's doing it because he's able to get the jab in. And Croft has landed more punches than Jon has been able to land. And here it is again. Had him off balance again. This crop, you get the idea. He's just kind of toying with him. He's waving the right hand around trying to get position. Blasts him down. Stands with the left hand. I would say 80% ineffectiveness against Bud Crawford. He landed a right hand and he's got to throw more of those. He's got the right idea and force into going back into his orthodox stance. Not that's going to help him much, but at least he can take advantage of throwing the right hand down the middle. John trying to land the right hand down the middle, but the hand speed of Crawford is significant and is causing him problems. Every time I watch him, Christine, I I just I think I just see better and better. Two solid shots landed by Bud Crawford. Crawford is landing more solid shots than is there's a hard right hand again. &gt;&gt; It's like almost like his jab is his left hand and he comes strong with that front right hand. That's so dangerous. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's like a piston. Christina, look at this. Bang. going to hit snaps back. Chops him again. &gt;&gt; Looks like he's telegraphing his punches a little bit as Djan just straight in, straight out. Straight in, straight out every time with the right. &gt;&gt; He's trying to get in position, but Crawford controls the position for C. You can see right here in the corner, tries to get out of the corner and turns up the pressure on him. Every time that John does anything even slightly, Parker just outshines him. Look at this series of punches. Sometimes he pulls straight back, but when he pulls straight back, he's coming back at you like he is right now. Uppercut on the inside is anytime does anything that ignites the crowd. Here he is loading up shots. Terrence Crain unleashes a barrage. Every time that Dear John is effective at all, Terrence will land about 15 punches after that, like in this round. Now, even Terrence squares up and he squares up, but he throws a hard left hand of his own down the middle. He'll drive off that back foot. There's a hard jab again, which is Christina pointed out, is is a is a punch and then he nails him with a straight left hand. Rolls his shoulders right to left back in front of him. Oh, he slung that left hand out there that time. John has got the left hand down. Oh, he caught Provin with a solid right hand. Pro shakes his head. No, which is usually indicative. Yeah, you didn't catch me. Now watch Pro up a notch. You hit me, you're going to pay, says Pro. Oh, get caught again for the second time. Profit got clipped. He felt those two punches and it really gets an adrenaline going. &gt;&gt; We're in the ninth round. cruising along here, outscoring the area. But you may be right, but you said when he gets clipped in that first round, change the whole fight plan, an idea for this guy. Oh, he gets dropped. Couple of shots. He's claiming to get hit by the back of the head. &gt;&gt; That one was clean. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; but he looked like he was already somewhat kind of bent down or going down. But it's academic because with three rounds to go, Robin's beat this guy up right now. And there he slings shots. Sees a clean punches. Now Tony Weekes moves into position. If he sees a lot more clean punches, he's not going to let Bud Crawford totally beat this guy up. Provin stays southpaw. He shots. The body wanted body shots. This amount of body shots, Christina. And he may have The first punch was an illegal was a legal blow. The second punch might have been illegal, but we didn't have a real clean replay of it. But Crawford is landing some real good shots here now. &gt;&gt; Left hand, right hand, right hand. Here he is fighting as an orthodox fighter now, Miss Profit. And he's going after him as a right-handed fighter. &gt;&gt; Keep a close look on if the blue corner of De'ar Jean may be looking to stop the fight. &gt;&gt; Well, he really should stop the fight because he's not going to win the fight. He's getting pounded. problem when he put that last assault on was actually fighting as a fighter and here he is. Oh, he drops him into the That's it. Tony Week stops the fight. It's all over. Accumulation of punches and that's enough. Terrence Crawford stops the John and defends his WBO super lightweight championship of the world. &gt;&gt; You know, and Terrence, you know, listen, you can laugh. I mean, excuse my French. I'm on your ass. And this is real. This is real. All ass. All ass out the door. I'm on your ass. I'mma tell you this, man. Listen. I think a little bit of that possum stupid getting to your damn head. You know what I mean? But listen, up here, it's real up here. I already got you out your comfort zone. Listen, it's war. It's war. In fight night, it's going to be a hell of a show. And I'm guarantee I'm going to come in here and I'm going to take this man belt. He never seen nobody that had the same tools as, you know, southpaw, you know, right-handed speed, punching power. It's on. It's showtime. And I guarantee fight night. I'mma break you. I'mma break your will. You coming to the East Coast, homie. This ain't no game. No game. No game. I want you to I want you to get this in your head. You'll be funny all you want. I'm gonna beat your ass. I'm gonna beat your ass. It's going to be bad. And that's all I'mma say. [Applause] [Music] His trainer manager told us, "Look out when he goes from lefty back to righty cuz he's going in for the kill &gt;&gt; and he touches him with the right hand." Doug Crawford. 10 seconds remaining. Crawford often starts to pick it up in round three, sometimes round four. So be on the lookout for that. More activity, more volume, closing the distance. And you see that right now. &gt;&gt; Well, when you when you beat the champ, you got to beat the champ. That's it. That's it. And Terrence more active with the jab. Tangled up feet again. Five sticks on him. &gt;&gt; This is what I This is where Corer has the advantage. &gt;&gt; Be on the lookout for that, please. &gt;&gt; And trading inside. Crawford boring in. &gt;&gt; Looney is moving. Well though, love each other. There you go. Thank you, Monty. &gt;&gt; And the long jab. &gt;&gt; Big turn by looking to land the left hand. Hand ducking and flipping. &gt;&gt; The crowd chanting Crawford. Crawford as things start to heat up in here. Yeah, I'm surprised that uh and a left hand and that sty follow up left also st he's moving funny a little bit coming in harder attack senses it right to the body lendy swinging wild crazy that's the face down goes Lundy down goes Lundy 16 left in round five &gt;&gt; his legs are 6. &gt;&gt; He's up. He beats the count. &gt;&gt; Are you all right? &gt;&gt; Are you all right? The referee says, "All right, &gt;&gt; his legs don't look good, folks." Terrence Crawford coming in, facing Hank Lundy. Both hands. Lundy trying to fire back. That's it. Round five stoppage victory for Terence Crawford. He says, "See, I told you so." They're hugging it out. Woody, you won. &gt;&gt; This one stands on a foundation of pure hatred, vitriol, loathing, and red hot heat that they've been spewing all week long. What do you say we get ourselves this title fight, Tim? You like the early work with that jab of Benvitz. &gt;&gt; He's going to have to out jab Terence Crawford. And then Crawford sitting on top with that now southpaw right jab as he comes in with a straight left to the body that scores here. We're going to take just one short break here and then back to Crawford and Benz. Stick around. &gt;&gt; Got to give Terren a little time. &gt;&gt; There he is. &gt;&gt; And there he goes to the body. It was a hand to the body from Crawford. &gt;&gt; Good exchange. He's never fought through a fight like this. &gt;&gt; Jab going from there. There's another body shot that got around V going to be this. Like I said, it's a great counter puncher. He has a good right hand. &gt;&gt; Doubles up the right hand that time does Crawford. There he works his way to the inside and included yet another body punch. &gt;&gt; That's target practice for a guy like Terence Crawford. The right knee is the knee that was shot. A bullet went through the femoral artery. It fractured the bone. Tried to go to the body there, but went up top. Now he comes sweeping across that belt line. &gt;&gt; I got news for you, fellas. Crawford's found his rhythm. And that right hand was a decisive blow in the previous round. The right hand to the body. Crawford should pick up his feet &gt;&gt; and use a little bit more angles. and confuse Ben is &gt;&gt; a guy who's just number one on top so many pound-for-pound fighter in the world list. This is more than most people imagine from Jose Beniti. You saw him double up that left hand. Now he gets right into the kitchen of Benvdz. Pretty punch combination and another right hand to the body from Bud Crawford. Crawford right now controlling the outside. That's why he's able to land these shots. &gt;&gt; Bernardo has been monitoring both corners. What can he tell us? Bernie, &gt;&gt; Bud is in a great place. &gt;&gt; He came in and Bud came out. You see there's no jab now. Benitas is willing to cover up right in front of Terence Crawford. That's a huge mistake. I don't see the same grill, the same confidence, the same type of willingness to attack from Benvites that I did earlier in the fight. Covering up like that doesn't work out so well when you're in with a pound-for-pound great at the bolo shot. Crawford. Crawford comes in left hand right to the body. Good exchange to close out the eight. The way to win this fight in answer to Joe's question is that right hand coming in. &gt;&gt; Look at the feet. How he just got out of range right there. &gt;&gt; He wants to try to draw him in again. Wasn't successful earlier in doing so. Let's see what Benvdz comes up with here as Crawford looks to unload. Pushes him back. A right hand came with it from Benvdz. This is exactly what Crawford needs to do. He needs to stay close towards the body. blocking counter. Benvdz with an offensive output. Crawford comes right back. Short left hook from Benvdz. Look at the power punches. Now Crawford comes into this round having landed 100 of 238 thrown. Maybe looking at a go for broke 12th round from the undefeated challenger as Crawford brings it a little bit. There it is again. It's off balance. But where is that body shot we saw in the fourth round? First half of this fight. Highly competitive. &gt;&gt; Sitting on the ropes and shaking his head is not how he wants to end this fight. Oh, Crawford gets up. My oh my, what a shot. Best in the world at home. Is he the finisher? They all expect him to be. He is. What a huge right hand. And he has done it. That man is the best in the world.