Kind: captions Language: en I'm Tiger Johnson. I'm a welterweight, 147. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; This camp was so amazing, man. Like, we worked on so much. I like this is the best camp I had. We've been working on that game plan like all camp like the last 2 months. We just been going over and setting my shots up better and you know just staying relaxed and poised. They were cuz we knew that he was going to be like a guy that was kind of awkward. He had a big volume. So, be prepared for all of that. We we worked on setting up on that that shot that I caught him in the third round. Like, we worked on that the whole camp. You know, I had a strength and conditioning coach come down to train me the whole 2 months I was we was training. You know, like this is literally like the strongest I felt like in sparring. You know, like all camp I felt strong and then even in the fight like it's the strongest I've ever felt. Like, I feel like there's guys that I fought at 140 that I could have if it was 147 like it would have been a different outcome in my opinion. So, I think 140 was like, you know, it was hard for me to really showcase a lot of my talent. But getting to 147 like this is like really who I am. We've been working on using my jab to keep him from running in and using the jab to set up other shots. When I landed the first jab, that's when I knew I had him. Because he just he just ran in. Like, he didn't even like move his head. His reflexes was like I just knew I had him. Like, once I caught him with that jab like it was I knew it was over with. That fight was like real personal. It wasn't even like nothing personal towards towards him or his team. Like, I feel like for me in general it was just a personal fight for me. Like, they had me as the underdog, which I kind of expected, you know, I'm in his backyard. So, I kind of expected to be the underdog, but I was an underdog to the point where like people really thought I was going like go in there and lose. Like, it was like so many people that was like saying it's a 50/50 fight. Super competitive, truly 50/50 fight. Or I'm going to just go in there and just lose or whatever. So, I'm like, damn. Like, that's that's what y'all really think of me? Like, at one point they someone told me I was like plus 1,100. You know what I mean? So, I'm just like, wow. Like, that's crazy. I was respectfully trying to tell them in the interviews like, "Dude, y'all don't know what y'all just signed up for. Y'all think I'm playing? Like, you feel me? Like, I'm a like I'm going to hurt this dude." &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; When I caught him and I did that like I was just letting him know like it's about to be a long night for you. Right before I even caught him like Ramon called it. Like, he was like, "Throw it now." As soon as I threw it like I dropped him. So, when he got up, the bell rung. So, when I got back to the corner they was like, "Yeah, like just you know what I'm saying? Just take your time. Like, you know, we got him we got him where we want him. You know what I'm saying? Like, just stay relaxed and keep picking your shots and then I'm going to end up hurting him again and finish the fight. You feel me? Like, we just going to end it. That's exactly what happened the next round. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; He was really done in the third round. But, he got lucky cuz of the bell rung. He was really done for real. But, when the fourth round came like when I when I dropped him in the fourth round I knew it was over with. Like, there was like there's no way that he was going to be able to finish that. It was a one-two that hurt him and then from there he grabbed my arm and then that's when I just kept, you know, I I was hitting him with, you know, right upper cuts, hooks, right hands. And then at that point he was hurt. He was in, you know, at a stage where he was just hurt. So, I threw the double jab right hand and that's what put him down. Uh I think it was, you know, the biggest win of my career so far. I grabbed the NABO. It put me at number three at welterweight. It opened a lot of people's eyes to know like I'm really a hell of a fighter. I think I think this year is going to be a fun year. I I feel like I'm the best at welterweight now, you know what I mean? I just haven't got the opportunity to fight the top guys at welterweight, but y'all top boys at 47, man, I'm y'all seen y'all seen what I could do, man. I'm only getting better. So, man, next year going to be real interesting, man. So, I'm just letting y'all know, man, watch out. Yeah, we got two big fights coming up this weekend and Haney versus Lomachenko. I think that fight is going to be a lot better than what people think. You know, a lot of people think Lomachenko is going to go in there and just knock him out inside like 3 rounds or something like that, but I feel like Devin, man, is a real smart fighter. You know, he he can box real good. You know, he got a good jab. I think it's going to be one of those fights where like it's going to be kind of like even. If it goes distance, you know, you know, I feel like it'll be a close fight. Or, you know, Lomachenko has a puncher's chance to catch him. So, I feel like it's a real interesting fight. You know, I'm I'm real excited to see that. You know, I'm Michael Williams all day, you know, that's the that's the hometown right there. So, you know, and they you know, they good peoples, you know, so I think Williams going to shock a lot of people. I think Williams going to I think it's going to I think it's a tough fight, you know, but I think, you know, I I think Williams going to outbox him, you know, he going to show he going to show a lot of speed. And I think he might catch him in the later rounds. But, whether if it goes distance or not, I think Williams going to win.