Kind: captions Language: en Well, for us it's about making the best fights. And we know that fans have been frustrated over the years because different promoters have been with different broadcasters. There's often been politics that have stopped the best fights being made. And by having Top Rank joined the zone, we know we can make the best fights going forward. We know that some of the guys up here and the other fighters will be able to, you know, fight for those world titles, fighting the the guys they want to fight without the broadcasters getting in the way. And so what we want to bring for our fans is is amazing fights, the best matchups, uh, and really, you know, the best of boxing over the next few years. &gt;&gt; We were up at a round table and I and I kind of I kind of slurred something out and I said I didn't know if Done was friend or foe, right? Because so often we were across the table from each other or we were trying to get matches. But I really think what we saw out of them, which was amazing, is their real dedication towards the sport on a global basis. and their technology, their tech stack, their deliverables, um the product. And then you take it even a step further and let's get that less friction when trying to make matches. By consolidating a lot of the marketplace, by consolidating a lot of the European guys, we know that the matches were just so there to be made and we didn't need to add a layer. Then the third piece is being like-minded. when we got into the room and even though as Pete says, I'm sorry it took a year to finalize this, right? When we got into a room, we actually realized we were like-minded. We were like-minded on how we wanted to present the sport, how we wanted to grow the sport, and how we wanted to put the best foot forward for the fans. So, everything came together, may have dragged out a little longer than both of us wanted. Um, and I and I'll and I'll say this in in in my personal like aha I got was last spring when they executed on the club World Cup activating so many different platforms to get the exposure of not only soccer but their product across the board. The the light went on for me. &gt;&gt; You know, everybody wants to know the details of a deal like this. How many fights, how much money, how everything that's involved in this deal with the zone. What can you say about what kind of commitment that top rank is making to the zone and what kind of commitment they are making to you? &gt;&gt; Well, I can say that it's a multi-year multi-event commitment and I really believe this is just step one and that's the most important thing. It's you know people want to compare everything numbers and all that kind of stuff. you know, it it all becomes irrelevant if the partnership works, right? Because you just keep you keep adding gas to the tank, right? You keep putting more into that into that Ferrari. It's going to get bigger and better. And I think, like I said to you, we're really in a position where we think endless opportunities for all these kids up on the stage, right? And endless opportunities for the fans around the world getting top quality every Saturday night. And remember something, this sport is unique. This sport is so unique. The behavior of our fans here in this country were behaviorally thought that you had to go on Monday night to watch closed circuit. We have carved out something on Saturday nights that is so unique from our predecessor, the predecessor platforms from Showtime and HBO where people came home after dinner and watched pay-per-views late at night or or world championship boxing. It is there for the taking and it's the zone's time to do it. you know, well, I got a little taste of like fighting on the zone, my last fight, as you've mentioned, and the amount of recognition that just boosted ever since that fight has been incredible. Like, I mean, obviously, I was fighting for a world title, but the fact that it was on the zone, I think that that that played a major part. And it's it's something that I'm really looking forward to in the next steps of my career because with the partnership of Top Rank of the Zone and with all of the fighters like like you know Top said like we we've been kicking ass for the past few months like I'm a going to lie. So I really do believe that we are going to bring nothing but excitement and and and just you know continuous generational talent, you know, year in and year out. And I feel like it's just the the perfect puzzle piece in order to continue to make boxing great. Uh, I was definitely surprised hearing this announcement, but I wasn't too surprised. You know, the zone been carrying the torch for a while now. And my first fight, my first fight in the professional ranks, my debut was in 2021 in the Dolphin Stadium, Canelo versus Yerum. And they've been putting on like major events. And now I feel like the whole world is starting to realize that now. and um just before you know Turkey added you know a lot of flavor to it as well but you know the zone match room doing it by itself too for a long time so I wasn't I was surprised but I wasn't like too surprised cuz you know it makes sense the same thing we did with ESPN with Top Rank with ESPN you know the strides we've been making since I turned pro being the brightest you know young star in boxing coming up I feel like we could do the same thing with the zone and uh teamwork makes the dream work so I'm bringing a smoke to zone and we going to have a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; 135 uh kind of an open division right now. Some champions out there, couple of vacant belts at the moment. Uh you mentioned they said multi-year partnership here with Top Rank and Done. Are you expecting some unification fights in your future? &gt;&gt; For sure. For sure. you know, uh, I feel like I can't wait to collect a lot more of these, you know, so from here on I'm looking to collect more titles and, um, whatever whatever way they come, whatever way they come, I'm ready to to grab them all up. &gt;&gt; I think, uh, it's definitely a platform for me to shine on. Um, I'm just grateful to Top Rank, grateful the zone uh, for this huge opportunity. Now, like they said, there's no limits. we could hop on any card and um big cards. So, I'm just I'm I'm excited and I'm ready to be on the biggest stage.