Kind: captions Language: en the club's hand. So, anything on the belt will be fine. Okay. Okay, boys. I've already spoken to phobia. You know what I expect professional, obey my commands, and most of all, protect yourself at all times. Good luck to you both. Here we go. Joe Tessur and Tim Bradley with you ringside for the heavyweight championship. Tyson Fury, Dillian White. LET'S DO IT FROM WEMBLEY. UH-OH. DILLIAN WHITE CAME OUT IN THE SOUTH STANDS. &gt;&gt; Can you believe that? &gt;&gt; And he throws the straight left. &gt;&gt; What do you make of it, Tim? &gt;&gt; Interesting tactic right here from Dillian White. I know this tactic right here. &gt;&gt; Kind of bothered Tyson Fury or is bothering Tyson Fury. But Tyson Fury has a lot of experience. He's been in the ring with a lot of fighters, including Southpaws. So all the talk leading up to this fight, what you mentioned with your analysis leading up the biggest weapon for Dillian White, the left hook from that orthodox stance. And here he comes out southpaw with what appears to be just a rangefinding right jab. White has to be balanced tonight with his attacks. He cannot empty the tank too early because Fury seems to have rechargeable batteries in his system late and Fury needs to do what he's doing right now and be on high alert defensively early because he doesn't want to get caught but command respect with his jab and brilliant boxing skills. Of course, those boxing skills include tremendous defense. That is how he first won the heavyweight championship against Klitschko. Just outboxing him with his movement. Fury opponents land just 6.3 punches per round. 6.3 punches per round. That is how rare it is to touch him clean. That is the fewest among all heavyweights. That defense number three among all fighters. Now you say, "But what about Deontay Wilder?" Deontay Wilder scored four knockdowns against Tyson Fury through their trilogy. Well, Tyson Fury has become a bit more offensive, a bit more riskreward at times, especially as that trilogy went on. &gt;&gt; You know, Tess, let me tell you this. The right hand of Tyson Fury has improved over time, especially under the tulage of Sugar Ray. Gillian White needs to be careful because he's setting himself up to be hit with the right hand of Tyson Fury, &gt;&gt; especially in the south ball. Fury can get that long range of his lead left foot outside the lead foot of Dillian White and come down the channel with that big right hand. There's a long range left hand from Dillian White and then return fire from the champion. but committed to that southpaw stance here in round number one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know how long Dillian's going to be in this position fighting from the southpaw stance, but it's almost been the entirety of this whole entire round. &gt;&gt; It's in the low 50s here at nighttime outside at Wembley here in London. &gt;&gt; Here's a one, two from Fury. Came straight down the middle with the right hand. End of one. So the surprise of the southpaw stance from Dillian White orthodox &gt;&gt; and look at and look at the Gypsy King. Can you believe this? So all of a sudden now they start the second round with Tyson Fury making the decision to come out southpaw and Dillian White going back to his orthodox stance with the power right hand. &gt;&gt; It's a lot of mind games right now going on in that ring right now. &gt;&gt; Well, we mentioned we mentioned the coaching tree, the training tree is all prompt. Xavier Miller is in the corner of Dillian White, but Harold Knight was brought on in the past year and a half. He was originally with Emanuel Stewart in the Kron gym. Helped out with Lennox Lewis back in the day. Sugar Hill Stewart is the nephew of the late Emanuel Stewart from the gym. &gt;&gt; So tactical early of both guys switching. And there is the first big swing and a miss of the overhand right from Dillian White. And Fury able to get away from it. And now back to that jab for the Gypsy King. &gt;&gt; That's it. Fury's going to have a lot of opportunities because White will commit like that. He will throw wide and will become off balance and Fury's going to be right there close enough to be able to land his offense on White. &gt;&gt; Right hand trying to close the distance going to the body from White Fury of course that 85 in reach. One, two from Fury. Quick hands. &gt;&gt; That's f That's Fury's favorite combination now. &gt;&gt; He'll blind you with the jab, blind you with the jab, and then he'll look like he's going to be throwing a jab, but then he'll throw a hook and a right hand right down the middle. &gt;&gt; Sweeping left hand from Fury. There's a double jab. Didn't come with the right hand behind him. Now he does. And then White tries to close the gap and get right into the kitchen and bring Fury against those ropes. Sweeping overhand right hand. Head movement by Fury gets out of the way. &gt;&gt; Right hand scored from the Gypsy King as they pick up the pace here in round two. &gt;&gt; GET THE JOB GOING, TYSON. &gt;&gt; MORE BODY WORK FROM WHITE. &gt;&gt; He has been effective so far with the body work, especially in round one. &gt;&gt; Perry trying to place that right hand behind the jab. What Fury's doing right now, he's turning White. You see that left hook? That's what he's doing. Anytime White steps in and looks for offense, he'll just throw the lead hook out there, &gt;&gt; connect with the head, and then move off to the side. Pivot. There it is again. Nice little check hook from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; White trying to smother and get to the inside again. Fury able to avoid those punches. End of two. &gt;&gt; This is beautiful boxing by Tyson Fury right here. Look at that check left hook right there as White loads up with a big left hand. &gt;&gt; Then the right to the body from Dillian White. &gt;&gt; That's exactly where White needs to go because he's going to have a hard time locating the head of Tyson Fury. Tyson Fury is very elusive for a big man, but that body stays home when he moves that head back. A more productive second round for Tyson Fury. He had a 15-5 connect advantage in that second round. He threw 40 punches. He only threw 28 in the first round. Dillian White with five connects to the body so far through two rounds. They start off the first round switching stances, the second round going opposite. And now here in round number three, both men back to their orthodox right-handed stance. White has been trying to get over the top with the clubbing right hand. That one nearly went to the back of the head and he receives the warning from referee Mark L. Mark L. 895 bouts officiated into his career. Nerd check hook from Tyson Fury. That's how you get off the line. Easy. Fury shaking his head after that one. That's just beautiful boxing by Tyson Fury using his jab, stick stick. Anytime he says White step in, he uses that nice little check hook to get off the line that keeps him safe. &gt;&gt; Dillian White targeting that body with the right hand again. See, White's going to have to implement some some faints. &gt;&gt; Fury's already timing his attacks. He understands the speed of White already. That's why he's checking him with that left hook. But if he incorporate the faints, that's how you be able to deal with someone so defensive like a Tyson Fury. You got to set him up for something. &gt;&gt; Touching him with that jab to the body, man. 85 in reach on that 6-9 frame. It doesn't take much to just reach out and touch your opponent. &gt;&gt; Quick right hand behind the jab from Fury. See Fury right here tie up in the inside and not allowing White to work. &gt;&gt; Fury leaning on him with the 264 lbs. Remember, he was a careerhigh 277 for the third fight against Wilder. goes underneath with a left hand to the body does the champ. High guard of a belt on Tyson Fury around the body. One, two, fires off the jab off the hip. Smiles at Dillian White. Nice uppercut right there. &gt;&gt; Left uppercut from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; White has to find the key to get through that front door. Timmy, you say he has to faint. &gt;&gt; Listen, he has to faint and he also has to take two to get one. Take three to get one. But he has to close the distance. into three. Let's listen in. &gt;&gt; Try to keep your balance a little more. I want you to start shooting shot around her head. Just around here a little bit. &gt;&gt; Hey, listen. Keep the damn jab. Just keep out here. Just keep touching. Keep touching. Keep touching. Keep it out here. Don't keep it here too much. Keep it right out from his face. Magnet. Keep his hands busy. You're throwing a beautiful jab. Please don't be lazy with your left eye coming back. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; you're here and don't come back here. You're going to break one, two. Just be here and control it. Okay, &gt;&gt; look at Fury right here. He's setting a trap right now off this fake. This is an indirect attack. You see right here? YOU SEE THE BODY open of Dillian White, but he got him to commit with a shot. Fury didn't MAKE HIM PAY THERE, BUT I can tell you this later in the fight, he will make Dillian pay for that reaction. That's what it looks like to be a top Wembley Stadium, a top 94,000 plus and look down at the heavyweight championship fight. Start of round number four. Joe Tessator and Tim Bradley with you ringside here. Tyson Fury has a 38-4 connect advantage as we start round number four. Mark Lyson is going to have to clean things up here. &gt;&gt; You can see White wiping at his right eye &gt;&gt; as there was something extra against the ropes. Mark Lyson telling Tyson Fury, "When I tell you to break, you have to break." And there's the cut on the right eye. Mark Lyson, who those who are close to British boxing consider the best third man inside the ropes that they have. They say has great instincts, but he has limited experience among big men. This his first heavyweight title bout. He was the third man for Povetkin's knockout over Dillian White. &gt;&gt; See, the biggest problem right now Dillian is having is Oh, &gt;&gt; HERE'S THAT LEFT HOOK, JIMMY. OH, just a little bit off the mark. Seemed like Fury right there rolling with it a bit. But the problem is White stands up too tall. He stands too tall. That's the biggest issues he's having. He's used to fighting shorter heavy weights. And now grappling and jawing on the inside these two giants as Fury brings him back against the ropes. Was a clash of heads to start this fourth round that opened up that punt near the right eye of Dillian White. Yeah, all night. Fury can do this all night long. Not enough pressure coming from Dillian White. Still hasn't been able to solve the puzzle and close the distance on Tyson Fury. Tough to close distance when you're dealing with 6'9, 85 in reach and a piston jab. That's constant. And now you can see, look at that right elbow of Dillian White when they were on the inside. I mean, he gets the warning from Mark Lyson. That was a veteran move. They were going to be on the inside. I can have an elbow for you. &gt;&gt; Fury tries to chase him back before they tie up again. Then the crowd responds. &gt;&gt; It's been a feisty FOURTH ROUND. AND OH, BEHIND THE HEAD IN THE CORNER. &gt;&gt; Mark Lyson's got to get control of this. And the corner of Tyson Fury. It looked like somebody was splashing water while the Met were in that blue corner. &gt;&gt; Very, very heated in that blue corner. And Mark Lyson, the referee, has to get control of things. &gt;&gt; This fourth round has nearly gone off the rails. Left hook for Tyson Fury. That was a big one. HE DIDN'T WASTE ANY TIME LANDING THAT SHOT when they re-engaged. &gt;&gt; Nearly off balance. A left hand goes to the body from Dillian White. They promised it would be all out war. All week long they were lauding each other for their professionalism. That is in the rearview mirror. This is a downright fight. All right, we got a lot to clean up with that wild round. Let's show you the headbutt that started it. Timmy Dillian White throwing wide with a shot. You see Tyson Fury leaning in. You see the forearm right there under the chin. Fury didn't like that. He did not like that at all. There was a little bit of an elbow in the mix as well. &gt;&gt; Another headbutt right here. &gt;&gt; And there's the elbow trying to come down. Oh, are you KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW? &gt;&gt; NOW, HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED in the corner. Watch this. &gt;&gt; They hitting behind the head rapid punching right now. &gt;&gt; And then it's that was Tyson Fury's brother, I believe. I believe Big Shane was over there just throwing some water while the men were engaged in that blue corner. Absolutely wild fourth round. Here we go. Round number five. What are we in store for now? As Lson's going to get them together. 13 years a referee is Mark L. What a task he has in front of him to try to control these guys in front of this atmosphere. And Timmy, I turned to you earlier today. We were on Sports Center and I said, "Timmy, with this crowd, with this atmosphere, knowing those ring walks, how does it not impact the guys in the ring?" &gt;&gt; Exactly. I mean, you got to think about it. Both these guys want to win. They putting it all on the line right now. They do not want to give each other an advantage. And that's what you're seeing right now. Neither guy wants to give an advantage. Neither guy wants to give up control. And that's why these guys are wrestling the way they are. &gt;&gt; But there's just a little extra juice. There's something. You can sense it with them. You can sense it in the building. It is highly charged in here. Double jab from Fury. Fury has a 50 to 22 connect advantage to this point. He is landing 23% of his 88 jabs thrown. See, you see no bend at the knees from Dillian White. That's the biggest issue. If you want to get inside of a bigger man, you got to stay low. The lower you get, the harder it's going to be for them to land their offense. But he's coming in too high because like I said, he's used to fighting smaller heavyweights. 6'2, 6 foot. &gt;&gt; Everybody's Everybody's a smaller heavyweight compared to Tyson Fury. Dillian says that was the feet right hand came in. Looked like Michael Oofo did a good job of managing that cut. He is the cut man in the corner of Dillian White. &gt;&gt; See that stick right there to the chest to the body. Dillian, he has to make contact with that to keep Fury occupied so he can land something with power. &gt;&gt; Fury shakes it off. Comes back with a double jab and a right hand of his own to the body. And now probing with that left hand. Goes underneath with a right hand to the body again. And now up top. And then while swinging, missing with the left hook is Dillian White. &gt;&gt; See White only throwing one punch at a time. You got to throw combinations, especially against a moving target. Something would eventually land. That's it. White has to take two, three, whatever it takes to land one. But he's getting tied up in the inside by Tyson Fury. Just too smart, too savvy in the ring. &gt;&gt; There's the clap for the last 10 seconds of round number five. Long reaching jab from Dillian White just to try to touch that body. End of five for the heavyweight championship here at Wembley. &gt;&gt; Left hook up top. Oh, no one's home. YEP. BUT SOMEBODY'S HOME RIGHT THERE on the left side. Nice body shot right there from Tyson Fury. And the feet get tangled up right here. Both men. You see Dillian White off balance. One of the biggest issues that I have with Dylan White's stance, he keeps that lead leg at 180°. It's straight. It needs to be at a 90° angle. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury had only seven connects in that first round, but he has doubledigit connects in every subsequent round. Dillian White has yet to hit double-digit connects in any one round, but has been effective to the body with 15 body connects, but overall it is a 64-27 distinct edge in total connects for Tyson Fury. In terms of power punches, it is 39-19 edge for Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Let's check in with Bernardo. &gt;&gt; I just spoke with Sugar Hill Stewart and I said, "What do you want to see?" what I'm seeing. He's extremely happy with what he's seeing right now. He just doesn't want it to get distracted. &gt;&gt; See, when you keep that that leg straight like that, that front leg, meaning his foot, you have no balance. So, when you get pushed back, you're off balance. &gt;&gt; Avoid falling in after throwing that right hand. And when you load up like that, a guy with Tyson Fury's experience and eyes, he sees all that coming. You can't load up with shots. You just need to let those hands go. &gt;&gt; Loading up on shots is what he's had success with to this stage of his career with thunderous power, especially with the left hand. We asked Tyson Fury to give us a scouting report. How do you sum up Dillian White? He said, "A modernday Ernie Shavers. big power of thunder but a limited boxer and he had great confidence when we sat with him for nearly an hour yesterday as to how this fight would go about and so far he is executing on that plan &gt;&gt; using that 85 in reach moving subtle movement left and right tying up in the inside perfect game plan right now from Tyson Fury &gt;&gt; Dian White patiently looking for an opportunity &gt;&gt; you see you see when Tyson And when he shoots something and he closes the distance, he reaches out with his hands. Well, there's an opening right up the middle. &gt;&gt; Dillian White has an uppercut. He needs to let that uppercut go. He wants to land and hurt Tyson Fury. A punch that he wouldn't see as he's trying to close the distance. &gt;&gt; Left hook right there to the body. two baby. &gt;&gt; Tyson comes back with a right hand to the body as well. And White tries to place one to that right flank. There you go. &gt;&gt; Another left hand to the body from Dillian White. TIMSON Fury with a power shot. Can White survive this? It is over. One shot at Whipley. FIRE AWAY. WHAT A WAY TO END IT. A POWER SERVES from Fury. &gt;&gt; All it TAKES IS A 100TH OF A SECOND TO BUY A VOW for the word eraser right there. RIGHT DOWN THE PIPE. AS YOU SEE DILLIAN WHITE MOVING IN, TRYING TO GET IN THE INSIDE. SHORT, PRECISE RIGHT UPPERCUT RIGHT ON THE CHIN. AND TIMBER, THIS is a Viper strike right uppercut. It is so fast. &gt;&gt; His head snaps up and down so fast. It's an instant knockout. LOOK AT THAT RIGHT UPPERCUT. &gt;&gt; FROM A 6'9, 264 lb man with that speed of his right hand. &gt;&gt; HE BLINDED HIM. BLINDED HIM WITH THE JAB. Move those hands. Right uppercut. Right up the middle. &gt;&gt; Here it comes in real speed. Watch this. Oh, right on the chin. Instant knockout. When a man that big with that much leverage coming from that distance strikes that punch, it is TNT. Crown him the king. Tyson Fury annihilates D with one punch. They haven't stopped. 94,000 on their feet roaring, screaming, clapping, everything they came to see. And he delivered. &gt;&gt; Largest crowd to ever see a fight in all of Europe. Just saw that. &gt;&gt; 2 minutes 59 seconds in round number six. A referee in charge, Mark L, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. And still the undefeated WBC and heavyweight champion OF THE WORLD, THE GYPSY KING, Ty Fury.