Kind: captions Language: en Okay, gentlemen. Trunks are good on both sides. &gt;&gt; Now listen, I went over the rules in the dressing room. I want to caution you again to keep this fight clean at all times. Protect yourself at all times. And what I say, you must obey. Good luck. Touch them up. &gt;&gt; Veteran referee Kenny Bis. He's done it all in his career, including being the third man inside the ropes in this very ring for Mayweather Pacquiao. And now he's here for Fury Schwarz. Joe Tessur, Tim Bradley, Andre Ward on the call here. Guys, at the weigh-in, Tyson Fury was calling Tom Schwarz a bum. He yelled in his face and said, "You're getting it, Tom. I'm knocking you out and I'm doing it in one round." That is not Tyson Fury's typical form. He's a master chess player. What do you expect early &gt;&gt; boxing? Sweet science. Lots of movement off the long jab. 85 in reach of Schwarz. And then he's going to set him up for the big boom. And that's the right hand that you were talking about, Dre. For Tyson Fury, when you got big talks, we expect big walk. It's not just about winning tonight. It's about winning in style for Tyson Fury. And for Tom Schwarz, this is an opportunity of a lifetime. You don't know if he'll get another one against a fighter like this with the credentials that he has on this stage. He's got to take full advantage. &gt;&gt; Well, I'll tell you one thing. I like the jab to the to the body from Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; I like how effortless it is. &gt;&gt; Nice and smooth. Oh, clipped with a shot right there in between. &gt;&gt; Good fast hands by Tom Schwarz. &gt;&gt; By Tom Schwarz. Yes. But going down to the body will slow down Schwarz and also drain some of the power he packs in that right hand over time. Think about Tyson Fury that's impressive as you see a heavyweight you see a guy 69 85 in reach like you mentioned Tim and you expect him to throw everything hard. He has different rhythms, different cadences. He'll throw a soft punch, a blinding punch and then he'll throw a sneaky right hand that you saw in the Wilder fight. If he lands that right hand flush, he could hurt Schwarz for sure. &gt;&gt; Look at the faint right there. You see the response from from Schwarz. When you faint a fighter and it responds, you kind of laugh inside, you know, secretly. And then you set him up for the punch and the opening that you see. I saw just a second ago when Tyson Fury fainted Schwarz, he dropped his right hand. He brought it forward. Look for the left hook of Tyson Fury and the right hand to follow. Fury successful with a right hand that split the guard moments ago. The constant movement, the ability, that jab, 85 in reach as Schwarz tries to close the gap and drive down a right hand. &gt;&gt; You see that angle that Fury takes. He leans to the back foot in the direction of the right hand. You know, Wilder had success with that right hand, landing it on the ear on the temple of Tyson Fury. So, he has to be careful. He has to correct that flaw. &gt;&gt; Excellent work with the jab coming off the hip, utilizing that reach, that snap. &gt;&gt; Tried to turn it into a hook that time. Doubles it up. Just constantly touching him, probing. There he is again pumping that jab. 6'9 in all that range. &gt;&gt; Steady boxing from Tyson Fury right now. Not throwing combinations. Not too early for that, but he's picking Tom shorts apart right now. &gt;&gt; End of one successful work with the jab from Fury. &gt;&gt; It just shows you what type of shape Tyson Fury's in. And oh, he's coming out southpaw. That's what I'm talking about. The Terance Crawford of the heavyweight division. Smooth in the southpaw position as well. &gt;&gt; So now Tom Schwarz, who had to deal with that effective jab in that first round from Tyson Fury when he threw 45 jabs in that first round, now has to deal with the right hand sitting right on top of him. The southpaw jab that Fury will also turn over into a right hook. Straight left. Came behind it that time. Fury just giving a different look early. You know, you worry about him switching southpaw [cheering] because of the right hand of Schwarz. &gt;&gt; Uppercut from Tyson Fury. Comes in with a left hand. Just missed with the right hook, but the uppercut was effective. Comes with a lead that time. And now he has Schwarz thinking about all the weaponry. &gt;&gt; Schwarz is slow on his feet trying to get in position to to land something on Fury. Fury just keeping him on the outside. Nice steady movement for Fury. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's a good left hand. Schwarz tries to fire back AND JUST LIKE THAT, Tyson Fury turns the tables and lands a right hand at distance. &gt;&gt; Tom Schwarz hadn't even adjusted to the first thing that Tyson Fury was doing in the first round. Now he's giving him a different look from the southpaw position. A lot of trouble on the shoulders of Tom Schwarz right now. &gt;&gt; This is what makes this division so fascinating. Deontay Wilder is the biggest puncher in the sport. He has dynamite in his right hand. But Tyson Fury is among the most complete fighters in boxing, let alone that he's 69, 265. How about that left hand? And now he's got both gloves down at the hips. And he is just pumping Schwarz coming off the hip. He knows he's in control. LOOK AT SCHWARZ'S NOSE. BLOOD IS ALREADY STREAMING DOWN here with still a minute to go in round two. Fury's in complete control. This is brilliant boxing from Tyson Fury. Changing angles, coming up the middle with the nice short uppercut, splitting the guard. Schwarz trying his best. LOOK AT FURY. WHAT? Unbelievable upper body movement defensively. FOUR PUNCHES MISSED WITH THE HEAD MOVEMENT. HE'S GOT EVERYTHING here in this second round going. And now the combination punching and Schwarz GOES DOWN. THIS IS A MASTER CLASS RIGHT NOW. &gt;&gt; 5 6 7 8 You okay? Okay. CAN HE FINISH OFF this sensational second round? HERE COMES THE CHAMP. RIGHT HAND, LEFT HAND IN THE CORNER. SCHWARZ IS IN TROUBLE. BIG MAN'S BLASTED AWAY. HE'S TAKEN HUGE PUNISHMENT. &gt;&gt; Got to get in here. &gt;&gt; 10 seconds left. IT'S OVER. TKO VICTORY and still welcome to Vegas. [cheering] His Vegas debut and he's a showstopper. As brilliant a second round as you will see. And Tom Schwarz was badly and I mean badly damaged. It's a big man move and we talked about this in the buildup of the fight. You don't see 69 men moving like that. Offense and defense. It's no fun when you get hit and you can't get nothing back. And that's the position Tyson Fury puts most of his opponents in. Beautiful work stepping around right there. Now look at the head movement here from Tyson Fury. Make him miss. Make him miss. Three. Four. &gt;&gt; I mean this was truly a master clinic. Master clinic right here. One single round is everything. &gt;&gt; Take that body shot boxer is supposed to be. &gt;&gt; And here's the knockdown. Tyson Fury, he smells blood. He's a vet. He's been here before. Tom Schwarz hasn't. And he's feeling the power. Every shot that's landing right now is a death blow from Fury. And down goes Schwarz. &gt;&gt; Crumbled goes Schwarz. Here's another look at the knockdown. &gt;&gt; Look at this combination. That right hand was brutal. Absolutely brutal. And then the end of the fight with a sustained strafing attack to the head and the punishment. And you can see veteran referee Kenny Bis giving it a peak. But look at the angles. Look at the distance. He controls distance. He knows what he's doing. A little stiff on him right there. And three, four, right hooks. My goodness. Beautiful finish from Tyson Fur. He didn't rush it. He only loaded up when he had Schwarz in a compromised position. I think he might have broke the nose of Tom Schwarz. The way the nose was bleeding abruptly and and the amount of blood that came out, &gt;&gt; it was an instant waterfall of red going down the middle of the face. And the gypsy king is king of the heavyweights, the lineal champ. [music] &gt;&gt; Let's make it official. Here's Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 54 seconds in round number two. A referee in charge, Kenny Bis, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. He is still the undefeated reigning lineal HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD, THE GYPSY KING, Tyson [cheering] Fury. Tyson, the 20th knockout of your professional career. 20th knockout of your professional career. What message did you send with your performance tonight? &gt;&gt; First of all, I want to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ for giving me the victory tonight. SECOND OF ALL, THANK YOU AMERICA AND GOD BLESS YOU ALL. [cheering] &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; YOU said top rank and ESPN did not pay $100 million to see you knock out guys out. They paid for the show. They paid to see you box. You did a little bit of everything. You seem like the complete package. What was the key to tonight? The key tonight was to enjoy myself. I used the jab. I was slipping and sliding. Hands down. I switched up to southpaw. Caught him with a straight left and uh it was a good shot. You know, it could have put anybody away. I put on an extra 12. I really really feel it. You know, I haven't had three year out the ring this time. This time I had a few months out the ring and I'm back. Return of the Mac. The Mac is back. THE LINEAL CHAMPION. BRING THEM ALL ON. SO, IT SEEMS THAT Snickers bars is not the superpower that other people thought as Short did in the weigh-in, but at the end of the day, we had the impressive knockout by Wilder. Did you feel like you need to make a statement tonight to stay on that level? Do &gt;&gt; you know what? I came here to have fun and enjoy myself. Put on a show for Las Vegas. And I hope everybody ENJOYED IT AS MUCH AS I DID. We would enjoy a rematch. What's next for you? I know you said you didn't want to disrespect your opponent by looking forward. Now, it's time to look ahead. Is Deontay Wilder in your plans? &gt;&gt; I just want to thank Bob Arum, top ranking ESPN, for putting on a great show. You know, I've never seen promoting like this. There was two and a half hours of documentary Tyson Fury last night. all day for for four weeks, every day. Great promotional job, guys. Amazing. I'm glad I signed with the best promotional team in the world. Um, what's next? WELL, BOB WILL TELL YOU we have got either September 21st or October 5th. And then next year, we're going to HUNT DOWN DEONTAY WILDER AND MAKE HIM GIVE me that green belt. &gt;&gt; You said [cheering] you came to America to entertain. So, what do you say I give you the mic and you entertain? &gt;&gt; Okay. Water. &gt;&gt; I can lay awake just to hear you breathing. Watch you smile while you are sleeping. Why you're far away and dreaming? I could spend my life in this sweet surrender. I could stay lost in this moment [singing] forever. Every moment spent with you is a moment I treure [screaming] forever and ever. And I I don't want to close my eyes. I DON'T WANT TO FALL asleep cuz I love you babe and I don't want to miss a day. GOD BLESS AMERICA. [cheering] [applause] Thank you.