Kind: captions Language: en All right, gentlemen, you both have your instructions. Obey your commands. Protect yourself at all times. Right now, we're going to call on the other letters and we're going to call on the other letters here. Step it up. Let's go to work. But Tim, that's nothing new for Foster. [music] He thrives in this I mean, the guy's been in these spots. Ready goes on the road, he wins in Dubai. He goes on the road when Rey Vargas steps up for that vacant belt in San Antonio and he wins there and then goes down to Mexico against Rocky Hernandez in an all-time &gt;&gt; [bell] &gt;&gt; dramatic title fight finish. All-time round of the year in the 11th. 22 seconds left, scores the come-from-behind knockout win and now here he is again, O'Shaquie Foster. Second defense of his title. What are we looking for early that could define things, Tim? Looking at both fighters are coming out and already you have Foster that's actually walking forward. He would think the bigger man in Nova would be kind of come forward and close the distance, but he said he's going to be smart tonight. Says he's going to box. He's going to show his boxing skills and if that's not working, he can make an adjustment and he can come forward and be the aggressor. For Foster, he takes his time. You know, he picks his shots very, very well. He can switch southpaw. You know, a lot of versatility in this young man. Great defensively. There's a lot to look for in this fight, but we got to see how it unfolds in this first round test. Yeah. No one seems to be comfortable at this moment. No one has landed anything. Not even the jab. Foster closed on ESPN that as a minus 850 favorite against the challenger Nova. Nova told us in the fighter meetings that he thinks that Foster is going to be surprised by the speed of his punches. So far Foster getting out of range at the right time and now pressing forward. Still pressing on that gas a bit. Already I see a telltale sign. I'm seeing a double jab thrown by Nova on the way inside. I expect the right hand. Foster has a very high IQ. I expect him to time the second jab with a right hand over the top. See if that countering opportunity exists again. There he doubles up the jab. Just get the levels to it. Same sequence. There's a double jab again from Nova. Tim, one of the stories heading into this fight was the New York State Athletic Commission asking Nova to trim down that beard. What did you make of that? You know, they can ask you to do to do whatever, but it doesn't mean that you have to listen. I mean, the reason why the beard is a problem is because if he was to suffer a cut then there's no way of getting to it. They're going to have to shave it anyway eventually, but you being the fighter on the receiving end of that, you got to worry about clinches. That hair being an obstruction &gt;&gt; smashing down the face. Yeah, exactly. Obviously, if it's very thick, also tough to judge what lands as a head shot on the opponent and then defensively as well, the advantage. Nondescript first round in our world title fight here in New York. Foster landed four of 19 punches thrown. Nova was just two of 21. First, the incredible backstory of O'Shaquie Foster. So much adversity that he overcame in life. When he was 12 years old his mother lost a cancer battle. On the day of her funeral, day of her funeral, there was Golden Gloves tournament. He went out and won it. I want you folks at home if you're scoring this fight just put a asterisk next to the first round. That first round was a judges' nightmare. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Not many punches were thrown or landed by either guy. It can go either way. Sit there and talk about a judges' nightmare in a round where there aren't any punches and we got the world champion, Teofimo Lopez, sitting to our left after &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's all anybody was talking about. &gt;&gt; Right. Good right hand over the top right there from Nova. Nova tries to go to the belt line following it up. You see the changing guard for Foster now trying to come in with the high guard. Looking to draw some sort of counter. Now he's back with that lower guard. Good patience right now from Nova. Picking his spots wisely. Attacking at the right moment. Nova missing with that right hand as Foster was able to get out of the way as he came forward. See, the dangerous part with Nova boxing like this, Tess, is that if [cheering] you do get aggressive, he has the punching power to hurt you with something that you don't see. Nova was able to come with a clubbing right hand after that double jab last time. So you kind of have to respect it. I think Foster, what he needs to do is he needs to go down to the body. Wow, good right hand from Nova. &gt;&gt; There it is. He timed the right hand against Foster. Now Foster is supposed to be the superior boxer, but at this moment it's Nova right now who's showing that he's superior in that area. Let's see if Foster can make an adjustment. I'm sure he's going to switch southpaw to try to switch things up a bit because he doesn't like what's going on this round. Foster naturally right-handed, but he does switch. Much better round for Abraham Nova. Time. [bell] Round number three. That last round, some success for Abraham Nova. Landed five power punches. Had a total connect advantage of nine to four. There's the switch right there from &gt;&gt; Yep, went southpaw. Yes. Didn't like what was going on in that last round. Nova had some momentum swing his way in that last round. I thought he won that last round decisively. Very smart of Foster to change things up because you don't want to continue to allow a fighter to be confident in what he's doing. So you want to change things up a bit. Make him uncomfortable. And as of right now, you see the pace has kind of slowed down &gt;&gt; [crying] &gt;&gt; from Nova. Now he has to rethink things. Boxing is physical, but also it's a mental battle going on in there. Strategies from both fighters. And watch those lead feet. You just saw it happen. Here he comes in with that back power hand, the left hand does Foster. We saw that lead foot step on the foot of Nova for a moment. &gt;&gt; And you see the smile from Foster because he knows that he has his man flustered at the moment. He's starting to get in a little groove. Starting to get in his rhythm. Three-punch combination from Nova. He's from the southpaw stance. Foster's moving to his left. A lot of southpaws did that. Manny Pacquiao would move to his left and then spring void springboard a left hand. Taking that small little angle, that 45 degree angle to make the right hand miss and then counter with their own left hand. Foster's looking for Nova to reach with the right hand so he can counter it. If I'm Nova and I see this, Tess, I won't throw the right hand straight. I'm going to loop the right hand. I'm going to punch where I believe and try to anticipate where his head's going to be. See, that was a left hand he was waiting on. Yep. That's exactly he was waiting on that right hand to be able to counter. Again, that 45 degree out that angle right there. Southpaws understand that more than the orthodox fighter. There are the looping right hand. That's the punch that I'm looking for from Nova. Time. Round number four. 14 to 12 is the total connect advantage for O'Shaquie Foster to this point. That last round to me was a clear round for Foster. Controlled the tempo of the fight. Landed the cleaner or I say should say effective punches during the course of that round and let's see how Nova reacts to this southpaw stance. He stays southpaw start round number four. As you see this overhead angle and what you want to look for when you see such a distinct change here. Watch the lead feet. Watch the front feet. Right there. There's a good example right there. You see how Nova steps on that foot and you want to be to the outside of that front foot to gain the advantage. To gain an advantage, the positional advantage to be able to line up your back hand. Your front hands are on the same side, so it's a constant battle. Like usually a fencing battle. That's what you're seeing up front from both guys. For both fighters, I should say. You have to win that battle as well. Bernardo, what are they saying in Foster's corner? Spoke with Bobby Benton and he told me the southpaw switch was based on instincts and him feeling it and the thing that he is concerned to him is that he needs to relax. O'Shaquie's missing shots that are open for him. Don't force it. Again, that has a lot to do with making things personal. Don't force it. He's right. Stay relaxed. Stay composed. Stay under control. You're going to see a lot more things and I love that Tess. Combination punching from Nova. Right hand &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; comes over the top and Foster ties up on the inside. And look at the body attack from Abraham Nova. His best work by far. Goes to the body again in the midst of that. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Love that looping right hand. Two punch combination. Nova's finding success against Foster. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; That's having over 200 amateur fights, Tess. Nova understanding what he needs to do. Making the proper adjustment. Punching where he thinks Foster's going to be. Using that looping right hand. Like I said last round. That was a perfect shot. If I was in his corner, that's what I would have told him. Loop the right hand. He's used to the right hand straight one's coming at you, but if you loop it, you're going to meet his head. This is a very strategic fight from both fighters tonight. It's a technical fight. Things are going to heat up later in the fight because somebody's going to have to start taking the lead. [cheering] They're going one round a piece back and forth. This is a really good round for Nova. punches in that last round including this right hand. There it is. Using the jab. Timing that straight left hand &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; coming from Foster and just coming around it with nice, beautiful looping right hand. Perfectly timed and placed by Nova. And with that Mark Kriegel, how do you score this? 38-38. Two rounds a piece. I thought the last round was the most decisive for Nova. If I'm O'Shaquie Foster, I stay southpaw. He looked like he had him before and when he turned, I don't know why he went back. He didn't like what was going on from the southpaw stance. Remember we mentioned earlier this week O'Shaquie Foster was minus a dime as a favorite. He closed at minus 850. The current ESPN bet live odds are all the way down to Foster minus 130, Nova even. So Nova is right in this. The upset seeking title challenger in his first world championship fight. Then again, look no further than the last fight for Foster when he was traveling on the scorecards and then had the all-time classic 11th round and the come from behind knockout in the 12th round. So he's been in situations before. See, and I like the activity. I love the activity coming from Nova. Just keeping Foster actively engaged. He's not landing, but he's keeping him engaging all the time. That that that that siphs the gas tank as well, Tess. See those shots right there? That's what I'm talking about. Yep. Just working. Foster, you want to be more economical with your work? Guess what? I'mma get them off. You're going to stand straight in front of me? I'm going to dig you down to the body. I'mma come around those guards. That's a stiff jab by Nova right there. Good body shot. Yeah, Foster taking that dip to the body shot with the right hand as well. And now this is getting rough on the inside. You're going to see the warning from Steve Willis. This fight's going to heat up, Tess. It's going to heat up. Yes, it's going to heat up late in the later fight. Yes. Both fighters now has felt felt each other's power. They're starting to get their range. They're starting to get their timing. Nice right hand over the top. Can see the beard of Abraham Nova is changing colors right at center as there's blood. Got a dead arm. Elbow came up. Dead arm. So like you know how you get a frog in it? Yes. Elbow came up from Nova &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; and Foster threw a punch and he got elbowed right in the bicep. You can see him trying to extend it out. Trying to get get get rid of that that frog. &gt;&gt; As you talk about all the time, there is so much more to boxing than just clean, effective punching. There's elements of just fighting and enduring and surviving and getting through it all and that's one of those right there and you got to find a way. This thing's heating up. You're winning by just boxing. Here's what you were detailing with the elbow. &gt;&gt; It's elbow right there. Throwing that elbow. Oh, that was that was borderline. That was borderline dirty. Watch it right here. Right on the bicep. He looked to kind of deflect that punch that was coming. He wasn't He didn't have his hand set to be able to deflect it, so he used his elbow. He lifted raised his arm up and it caught the bicep of Foster. Now Foster, the world champion. Foster's coming out a little bit with a little bit more urgency. &gt;&gt; Double jab, right hand behind it. Nova looks to turn him around. But you can tell there's more of a sense of urgency &gt;&gt; is. in round six. And let's see if Let's see if Nova listens to his corner cuz his corner told him, "Hey, be smart. Don't rush it. You're you're out-boxing him." Let's see if he stays to the game plan because Foster can draw him into a fight. Nova's a dog and he doesn't mind fighting and he has the again, yeah, I believe that he has the bigger arsenal, the bigger punches. He's getting hit by a few right hands over the top early on in round six. Got to worry about that. Good right hands over the top. &gt;&gt; Foster coming with those right hands, the world champion. He's got a big test tonight against this version of Abraham Nova. Nova fires back that right hand over the top of the left. That looping right hand is so there for for Foster. The best punch landed of the fight so far in round number four. &gt;&gt; You see the double jab coming. It's the inside slip. Loop the right hand right over the top at the same time. Slip inside the jab and loop the right hand. It'll meet Nova's head or chin. The temple as he's throwing it. Double jab again. It's going to come again. Anytime there's space, it's going to come again. Oh, nice body shot right there. Going underneath. One thing I'm surprised about what Foster's not doing, he's not doing any He's not changing levels. He's not squatting down. That seemed to work for Robeisy Ramirez. You know, Nova fights tall. Drops his hands when he's coming in before he attacks. When you change levels on him, he loses you. And you're able to sneak things over the top. Robeisy was able to do that extremely well. Now, I just think it's interesting that Foster and his team are not applying that type of strategy during this fight. Double jab coming up short with the right hand as we come to the end of six. Nova and his team did a heavy foot film study, I can tell. They know the tendencies of Foster. They understand that he moves straight back. Watch him move straight back with those jabs. And so they're able to follow up their attacks. And usually when he moves back, he doesn't really counter like that. He just gets back, disengages and gets away. So they're beating him to the punch, Tess. Using that double jab. They're not worried about the right hand coming over the top. And then when Foster sits still and just covers up, then they go to work with the offense. Bernardo. I just spoke with Bobby Benton and he wants O'Shaquie Foster to pick up the pace here and to throw combinations, not to try to knock him out with just one shot. Oh, what a left hook. Good counter. Nova took it well. Nova fighting like a man with a that's determined, possessed right now. He took that on the chin like it was nothing Tess. Burrowing right into the chest of Foster. Punches out. Keep them up. It's the warning from Steve Willis to keep those punches up as he was talking in the background. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Hands are free. Work out, guys. Work it out. Hands are free. You hear the fans trying to rally Foster. Well, he's won some of them over because that wasn't the case earlier tonight. Where the New York based fighter Abraham Nova was getting overwhelming support. Oh. Big lunging shots. The quicker the quicker opponent or the quicker fighter Foster oh, looping right hand. He should have success at these moments right here. You're starting to see a little fatigue coming from Nova and he's starting to reach with these punches. Those are countering opportunities for Foster. One thing is is Foster's comfortable here Tess. He's comfortable inside the pocket. But what do I always tell you? You always want to keep your back what? In the center towards the center of the ring. You don't want to have it against the ropes because it gives the judges poor angles to be able to score the fight. They just see one guy willing depending on what angle they are sitting. You always want to take the fight in the center of the ring where they can see the punches laying cleanly. But Steve Willis was giving them every chance to work and fight out of that up until moments ago. End of seven in this world title fight. You see Foster disengaging. Bringing in the bull. Yep, go ahead. I got something for you. Left hook. On his way in. Good shot. Good shut up shot. There's a lot of opportunities for Foster. But listening to his corner, understand this. They're saying you're not throwing enough counters. You're only looking for one shot. But in the inside, look at this uppercut. Nice short shot up the middle from Foster. See the head down. Beautiful short shot right there. You got to be calm in the eye of the storm to be able to land and see those particular punches right there. Just creating enough space on the inside of the fight and giving angle just a little space and now two punch combination open up from the right. And now you see the pace picking up from the champ. So now he's trying to touch him now. Letting the speed go. Take off the power. Let the speed go. You see it flustered Nova just for a minute cuz he wasn't used to that. Four punch combination from Foster. Left uppercut. Just a glancing blow. Nova pressing to the inside. Most of that blocked. Oh. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Foster now using his legs. Expanding a lot of energy moving around, disengaging like that. And Nova not allowing him to rest. Still pressing forward. Trying to press the action. Trying to gas him out even more. See Tess, in these moments you got to battle. You got you got to battle with energy as well. You start feeling yourself starting to to fade a bit knowing towards the latter half of these these these the fight. So sometimes you you look to step inside the pocket and tie up and just buy yourself some time. That's what you're seeing right now. A bloodied lower lip on Foster. Been so much in fighting. These heads top of the head right next to each other plus the punches that are landing. Look at both guys willing to work on the inside. See more and more blood from that mouth of Foster. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Nova trying to outwork him. That's what he's trying he's trying to be the busier man. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Trying to outwork him. He's thrown 150 more punches overall in this fight. Letting his hands go with the champion with his back against the ropes. And the physical strength is starting to come to the forefront for Nova. I mean, he's he's the bigger seems like the bigger stronger fighter. In the inside. Nice little short shots in the inside. Good hook. Four rounds to decide this WBC junior lightweight world championship against Josh Taylor in a sold out Madison Square Garden theater that was the highest grossing boxing event in the history of this venue. Round nine scheduled for the championship 12 as they reminded Abraham Nova moments ago that it ain't easy. You got to go you got to bite down. These are the rounds that define a championship. And he presses forward against the champ to open up the ninth round. Mark Kriegel, how do you have it scored? 77-75 five rounds to three Foster. Nova's bigger but at the margins he is not stronger and he is not sharper. I also wonder since the fifth round if he's been tiring. Do you believe that's the case Tim that Nova's been tiring? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Little by little I think both fighters are tiring. Again, this is this is a a physical battle but also more so a mental battle and you know that the mental the mental battle can drain you even more. So yes, he's somewhat tiring. He's trying to press forward. Trying to close the gap. But I think he's still the physical man inside that ring. The more physical guy inside that pocket. However, like you said Mark the technique is coming from the champion Foster. So Mark has Foster taking the last few rounds. Nova got off to such a strong start including that fourth round where he landed the big right hand and the live odds dipped down but now you see swinging back towards the champion Foster. See technique is extremely important. How you throw your punches extremely important. You see how patient Foster was and now target practice right now. Mark is right. Nova is starting to tire. Fatigue has set in and that's the reason why you heard his corner trying to rally rally him. Trying to pump him up. He's looking for his second wind Tess right now. He's just looking for a counter right hand. You can see that pronounced blood in the mouth of Foster but he has gained momentum in the middle rounds. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh. That 45 is something else. He looking for it too. 45 is like a half hook half uppercut that the champion is looking for Foster. He's trying to catch Nova coming in. See he's over that front knee right there. Perfect opportunity to land a that 45 degree punch. Round number 10. The same thing they felt in Hernandez in the Hernandez fight. Foster felt that Hernandez was starting to tire and weaken and he stepped on the gas. Could see the a similar situation here against Nova if he doesn't catch his second wind. Foster was trampling on those cards against Rocky Hernandez. You saw Mark Kriegel's card has him up as we start round number 10. He currently has an 81 to 80 connect advantage. See these these later rounds, this is when technique is extremely important. You know, the way you throw your punches very important. How you carry your hands very important. Any fat in those punches Tess, energy is leaving your body. Right now, Foster more technical fighter of the two. Bernardo, what are you hearing? I just spoke with Mark DeLuca and in terms of the fatigue, he says he does need to catch a second wind here, but he wants him to start catching and shooting on the counter and catch him with a big shot. But see but Foster right now, I think I think he's making a mistake. He needs to make start making Nova pay a little bit more. Start making him pay. Don't allow him to land in the office because then he surges. Get a little bit more gains, more confident. Shook out that right hand again, Tess. Ooh, right hand comes in. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And Foster smiling right at him. I don't know why Foster's shaking his hand. I don't know if &gt;&gt; that from the beginning. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure if that's that's a tell or or maybe he hurt his right hand. I'm not sure. Maybe he felt a sting in it. But yes, he has been doing that, Tess. A sweeping right hand from Nova trying to come over the top moments ago as well. Well, he just ate a jab. Ooh, using right hand. &gt;&gt; right hand from Abraham Nova. I'm going to tell you the punch that the champion can land on Nova and could probably end it is the left hook. The left hook is the shot that the champ Foster should look for. Look at through all that of chaos that we see, all the wrestling and tussling inside the pocket, you have moments like this. These are things that you don't see. Again, you got to be calm enough to see this. You see the champion right here, calm inside the pocket, knows what he's doing, landing short uppercuts on the inside like that. That has an effect on the fighter getting hit with those shots. No, you have a guy like Nova that likes to lean over that front foot. He's starting to gas out like Mark said he is and he's making mistakes and you got the young champion here, Foster, who's making him pay for it. Great crowd here at the theater at MSG and 6 minutes to decide it between Nova and the champion O'Shaquie Foster. Now, in listening in to Bobby Benton in that corner of Foster, they feel that it's a close fight and they told their charge to go get him. They want to see him finish strong. Finish as strong as could be last time out. Come from behind style with an all-time classic 11th round and then a stoppage in the 12th. See when you when you when you have that type of technical prowess, Tess, you're you're punctual. That's what it is. You're straight to the point. Straight to the point. Great counter punching in the inside from the champion Foster. Just taking taking advantage of the wide punches coming from Nova. Good in-fighting here. Nova getting the better of it. Ooh, left hook right here. Left hook. And now that right uppercut. Who can create space? Who can let the hands go? Nice turn and get out and get right back to the center of the ring. Get his back towards the center of the ring for Foster. Referee Steve Willis constantly encouraging them to work on the inside. Let's get those hands going. They are free. Foster right here he's &gt;&gt; No break needed. He's finding safe places on on the inside, Tess. Very crafty on the inside. Tied up. Look at how he's using his head right there to direct Nova where he wants to go. Then he uses his shoulder right there to bump him into into that corner or near the ropes. Now, if he can bump, create space and punch, even better. Yeah, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; absolutely. Both guys are starting to gas out a bit right now. Fatigue is definitely set in. Again, for technique is extremely important in these moments. You want to be efficient with your work. Right now, you have Nova just fighting with heart right now, just trying to win these rounds with volume. Trying to outwork the champion. Nothing effective on the inside coming from the body at all. He's getting both down. &gt;&gt; Nothing effective, Tess. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; However, we don't know how the judges are scoring these fights. Good separation that time with a clubbing shot and a counter. Good position though by Foster. &gt;&gt; Ooh. Chopping right hand. Head shot. Just missed there. Good stuff. But DeLuca, in speaking to Abraham Nova, reminding him of everything he's put into this for his career. There's a water bottle made its way into the ring. Now, they're going to have to clean that up. After an 11th round, keep in mind, an 11th round where Nova went all out and threw 103 punches landing 20 of them. Threw 103 punches. And Mark DeLuca in that corner of Nova, they're not bashful about taking a nice slow clean up before this 12th round starts. But that was quite a fire he lit under Abraham Nova and then Foster was told put him on his backside. So, here they go. 3 minutes to decide it. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Turning him around, left hand. Champ seemingly with the fight out of it. This is new territory for Nova. He's never been to a 12 round before, Tess. First world championship. Oh, that's right. That right arm is still bothering. It's still bothering. It's the elbow that landed in the fifth round when an elbow from Nova came up and caught the right bicep of Foster. Foster so crafty inside the clinches. So crafty. Great positioning with his head. Small little short shots on the inside to the body. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Ooh, nice short uppercut on the inside right there again from Foster. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Tess, Nova's just he's fighting off the fumes. Just heart. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Foster's keeping him up. A lot of heart in the last round. Threw 103 punches, not near that volume here. As we come to the final minute. Right hand from the champ. Foster an uppercut on the inside. If Foster was to get a little bit space, take a half a step back or take a full step back and fire as Nova's charging in, he's going to be he can be he can land counters, Tess. Just needs a little bit of space. He can't allow Nova to tie him up like that. If he had a little bit more space, he'd be able to work his offense. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Ooh. Scores that with 20 seconds remaining. The champ finishes strong again. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Let's recap what happened here [music] at Madison Square Garden as we await to hear from the judges. O'Shaquie Foster looking to defend [music] his title against Abraham Nova. Early on, Nova got off to a pretty decent start, landed the big right hand [music] in round number four. There was an interesting moment in round number five when the elbow actually came in and did some damage. So, early on, Nova was very much right in the midst of [music] the first half of this fight, but things started to turn in the middle rounds for that guy right there, the champ O'Shaquie Foster, as he scored consistently, had success with the combination punches. Left hook scored well in the seventh and then it was really the way he closed the show. Here's the big [music] left hook but this round defines things. Who wanted it? Who could go and get it? Well, how about the left hook scoring the knockdown in the 12th round for the champion Foster? [music] He landed a fight high 22 punches in that 12th round with his grandmother standing up cheering, feeling that he did enough to bring it home as you see the power punches in 88 to 74 advantage as O'Shaquie Foster landing 39% [music] of his power punches. Mark Kriegel, how did you score it? 116-111 with a 10-8 round to close. I love the way the champ closes. I don't know if Foster had his good right hand tonight but he was more precise and he did some really beautiful crafty stuff inside. The judges we're dealing with. We've got the New Jersey official Mark Constantino who this is his first world title fight he's judged in more than a year but he's done some bigger fights. We had him [music] for Lomachenko-Jermaine Ortiz. John McKaie is a veteran New York official. He's had some moments of inconsistency and Kevin Morgan would be thought of as one of the better New York judges. Well, let's hear what they had to say. Here's Mark Shunock. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds here inside the theater at Madison Square Garden, we go to the judges score cards for the official decision. Mark Constantino scores the bout 115-112, Foster. John McKaie scores the bout 114-113, Nova. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And Kevin Morgan scores the bout 116-111 for your winner by split decision. And still WBC junior lightweight champion of the world, O'Shaquie [screaming] "Ice Water" Foster. Perhaps I was a bit kind when I said that John McKaie most would say has [laughter] been inconsistent as he went Nova's way. So, O'Shaquie