Kind: captions Language: en Okay, gentlemen. We're scheduled to box 10 rounds. I've gone over the rules in the dressing room. I expect you to obey my commands at all times. Most of all, protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves, good luck. Jose Vargas was supposed to shave his beard. He took a little trim off the top, but it still looks like he's got enough cushion against Jose Zepeda, who is stepping into the ring without his brother Rene after the scuffle at the weigh-in. The tension is high here at the Hulu Theater at MSG, and we can't wait for this duel of southpaws. Bernardo Osuna alongside Timothy Bradley and Andre Ward, Mark Kriegel with the reporting duties tonight. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Both starting off with the jab. Zepeda going to the body with it. Jose Zepeda told us in the fighter meeting that Vargas cannot deal with the pressure. So, that's going to be the game plan for Jose Zepeda is to slowly start ramping up the pressure on the young fighter Jose Vargas because he believes he can't handle it. Vargas taking a step forward and Zepeda using good head movement. He said, "Look, I wasn't really up for the fight against Hank Lundy, a 37-year-old who'd been through the wringer as a fighter, and this is the type of fight that I need to get my juices flowing." Well, Bernardo, that speaks to the highs and lows and the ups and downs of Zepeda's mindset. Like, he's too deep in his career to ever have a Big left hand! AND VARGAS GOES DOWN FACE FIRST! &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; He gets up, and let's see what happens in this next minute and a half. Zepeda has a lot of time, and Vargas may not. Here comes Jose Zepeda. We've seen him in this type of fight, the fight of the year against Ivan Baranchyk. Who's got heart? Who's got courage? THE LEGS ARE GONE ON JOSE VARGAS, AND THIS FIGHT'S OVER! THIS FIGHT is done in two less than two minutes. Jose Zepeda says, "There's levels to this game, kid. At 23 year old years old, you got to be careful what you ask for." The fans were here to see Jose Vargas, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; but Jose Zepeda takes all the glory in an absolute knockout [music] victory. And you can see the fans heartbroken here for Jose Vargas. They came here to celebrate [music] the birth of a new star. We landed the right hand. He stepped in right there. Just as Jose Vargas was getting ready to try to his left hand, it just never He never got the opportunity. Right jab, boom. Wow. &gt;&gt; Jose Vargas didn't see that shot. It hit him right there on the sweet spot of the chin, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and that's the result you get. Here we see another guy boom. We keep talking about the jab, the jab, the jab. The jab is significant because it blinds the opponent so you can get a kill shot in like that. And here we see Jose Excuse me, we see Zepeda just doing what you're supposed to do. You come in there, you don't give the your opponent the opportunity to recover. You have to attack. He did exactly what he was supposed to do, and he got the stoppage win. This moment was way too big for 23-year-old Jose Vargas. Even though he he barked up this tree, this is the fight that he wanted. This is a huge step up, like I was saying in the lead-up in this fight, and it showed. Classes are here for a reason. Levels are here for a reason. You got to take your time, don't rush things, and as you can see what happens when you rush things. Jose Vargas got knocked out first round. [music] And we talk about this generation trying to go too fast, too hard, and it was actually Julian Chua who said, "Be careful, Jose Vargas, because you could be like Icarus, who flew too fast and too close to the sun Ladies and gentlemen, here inside the Hulu Theater at Madison Square Garden. REFEREE DAVID FIELDS CALLS A STOP TO THIS bout at 1 MINUTE 45 seconds of round NUMBER ONE. FOR YOUR WINNER BY TKO AND STILL WBC SILVER SUPER LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION, JOSE "CHON" [screaming] ZEPEDA! CHON ZEPEDA, CONGRATULATIONS. You came to his hometown, made short work of it. Tell me what happened in there. Uh I mean, I was ready. I I was 100% ready. And uh I told him in the press conference, um there's levels to this and and and he was the one He was the one that wanted to fight me. I just accepted the fight, and and it showed today that that boxing is not a game, and there's levels to this. And it also shows you don't win press conferences. You have to win fights. Describe to me the shot that you hit him with. I can't I'm sorry, I can't couldn't hear you. The shot that you hit him with, the first shot. Uh well, it was a jab right. I was I was going with the jab only, jab jab. So, he gets uh careless and I just put the jab right together, and he he got caught. He got caught with the jab right and and and I told him and and he probably knew I I hit hard, and um I don't think he recovered after that shot. Did you think he would Did you think there was a chance he would recover after that shot? I'm sorry? Did you think there was a chance he would recover after that shot? A- After those After the way he went down, I didn't I didn't think so. He probably was going to get up, but he was going to be wobbly in his feet, and that's what happened. That's how I was able to finish him. Did you know you were an underdog tonight? Sorry? Did you know that you were an underdog tonight? I didn't. I thought I was a No, I didn't know I was underdog. Uh But uh man, I'm happy. I'm happy to I'm so happy right now. I'm so happy to fight in Madison Square Garden. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Made a hell of a statement in Madison Square Garden. Listen, you began the night number two in the WBC. You've had a fight of the year, you got a first round knockout in the Garden now. What do you want? How do you want it? Like I said, I'm a I'm a I'm 32 years old, and I'm in my prime. I feel I'm I'm in my prime, and I want the WBC world title. And I And all the belts, to be honest. Um I'm ready for it. I think I showed today that I'm ready for for the WBC world title. Ready for Josh Taylor? Yes, 100%. I already fought his opponent, Ramirez. I think we're all there, and it's going to be a good fight, but I'm ready for that. What was your mindset going into this fight? As we spoke before the fight, you know, your your brother had been in your corner since you were 10 years old. You're 32 now. You were upset about it. Yeah, I was upset. I don't think it should have went that way. I think if it could have been equal for both sides. It wasn't. It was just my brother thrown out the corner, but I told them I told them I was going to do it for him. I told him to chill. I was going I was going to This win was for him, and there it is. It's It's This was for you, Rene. You kept your promise. Julian, could you come up here for a second? Take off the mask if you could. What were you looking for? What did you train him for in this fight? Uh I mean, we we had a good training camp, and we were prepared for the distance, but I I really didn't think it was going to go to that place, you know? Um uh I thought that that he was going to try to jump Chon early, and but he gets hurt like his last fight. He got hurt in the first round, too. So, the first round's always kind of shaky for him. So, uh we are ready, and we're ready to go the whole way, and this guy just is a super talent. So, You weren't expecting first round knockout, were you? No, no. I thought it was going to go maybe maybe five, six, seven, but no. I thought it was going to be much longer night, but I I was ready for anything. I was ready for 12, 20 rounds. Will you settle for anything but a champion in your next fight? I'm sorry? Will you settle for anything but a champion in your next fight? No, no, no, no. It's It's been promised to me too many times. I think I think it's it's I deserve the shot already. So, so I'm going to be training hard with my brother, with the new member of the team, Julian, great coach, and the whole team. I'm going to be working for that the WBC world title. Chon, thank you very much for a great performance. Bernie?