Kind: captions Language: en Again, I want to caution you. Any punch below this point going to be called low. With that said, I want you to obey my commands, protect yourselves at all times. So, the moment is at hand. Manny Pacquiao taking on Jorge Solis. There's the 27-year-old Solis from Guadalajara, Mexico. And that is Manny Pacquiao, 28-year-old with a Hall of Fame career already in the making. First of 12 rounds. Solis presumably will be the boxer in this fight. And Pacquiao, of course, always an aggressive fighter. And here's something I did I like already of Solis is that he's actually moving to the right to his right. And a lot of fighters tend to move the opposite way when they fight a southpaw. And I believe that he's using a good strategy. &gt;&gt; like a fighter moving to the right? &gt;&gt; Oh, I love it. Cuz you know that left either he's going to throw a straight left or he's going to throw a wide like a left hook type and he's able to get countered. Pacquiao throws that left. Of course, his bread and butter punch is that straight left hand. Solis [Applause] in his last four fights has fought fighters with a 55 and 21 record. And while he's won all those fights, he's never lost. When you step up against a Pacquiao, it's a whole different situation. Oh, Al, no doubt. This is a huge step up in class for Solis. And I think the big question here, you know, apart from ability is how does he handle the moment? Now, we've seen Edgar Sosa come in tonight and handle it beautifully. Christian Mijares come in and handle it beautifully. Will Solis fight the same way or will he freeze up? So far, you know, I I I think he still has to get a little bit looser. He seems a little tight. Pacquiao looking for a chance to attack as he always does. Yeah, and Solis does. He has to be aware. He can't be going in there thinking that he could take the punch from Pacquiao. He needs to be aware and be cautious at all times. Cuz Pacquiao can finish you off at any time. Solis throwing a right hand down to the body. Tries an uppercut from way out, a dangerous maneuver. So, here in round one, Pacquiao content to be just a little more passive and see what Solis has to offer. Well, this is generally the part of the fight where where Manny is at his slowest. He generally starts slow. I mean, his hands are fast, starts are a little slow. Manny Pacquiao, who due to the machinations of the boxing world doesn't hold one of the major four boxing titles, but he's number one in the WBC, WBO, and IBF at 130 lb. And he's generally considered probably the best at that weight class if not Juan Manuel Marquez, who he might fight next. Now, good right hand landed there by Solis. That's his best moment of round number one. I would like to see Jorge Solis throw that right that straight right to the body instead of looking for the head all the time. Take some power away from from Pacquiao. Pacquiao gets him against the ropes and throws a couple of shots and Solis is able to get away. Pacquiao going downstairs to the body now. How about a jab or two from Solis? That'll be nice. With that long reach of his and the good upper body movement that he has, he should utilize that quite a bit. So, a pretty close first round. Solis is through it in any case. And by the way, that is Ulises Archie Solis, the IBF flyweight light flyweight champion, uh who is the brother of Jorge Solis who's working in his corner. He'll be fighting uh Jose Aguirre on Gary on May May 19th uh defending his title. But right now, he's very immersed in his brother. And he said, "You know what? I'm so excited for my brother. I feel like I'm fighting Manny Pacquiao. And they're very, very close. Uh I did a fight with uh with Archie Solis a couple months back. He's a real good fighter. Um I'll tell you what. I give Solis the first round because Manny Pacquiao didn't do anything. You can certainly make a case for that. There's no question. I agree with you, Al. You know, I I believe that Solis did win that round. Good round number two. Of course, it's scheduled 12 rounds. And Solis getting a little wild and awkward in there and that won't benefit you against Manny Pacquiao. You need to get Pacquiao frustrated. Make him make mistakes. Like right there, he's getting a little frustrated cuz he can't get in. He's He's reaching in. Now, right there, I believe that Solis should have thrown a left hook when he saw Manny Pacquiao go in like that. Did land a counter right hand, Solis. [Applause] Pacquiao's left gets in. Of course, that's a important punch for him, we all know. You know, we had touched on it in the open somewhat, but there are a lot of things going on with Manny Pacquiao outside the ring right now. And I almost get the feeling like he he reached his peak against Morales in the third fight. Like I don't think he can get any better physically, psychologically, emotionally than he was that night. Is there a danger, Genaro, do you think that maybe he looked past this one and didn't take this one quite as seriously as those fights? Uh he might have looked past due to the circumstances of what he's trying to do now outside of boxing. Uh but I believe that he can actually become a little bit better than what he is right now cuz he runs in like this a lot. And I think somebody who's a real smart fighter will eventually pick up and notice that he's going to run in, make a quick step back, and somebody with good power is going to make him feel it. One of those outside interests, he's running as the Campe Party's candidate in the May 14th election in the Philippines as representative that would be like our congressional representative in the first district. And um he said, "I'm not campaigning obviously I when I'm training, I put all my mind into this fight. When this is all done, I'll go back and campaign. But for right now, I'm all about boxing." Well, you know, there's more on the line here than just Manny Pacquiao's uh boxing career. One of the Philippines journalists I've known for a long time before the fight said to me, "If he loses this fight, he loses the election." It's a lot of extra pressure. Just seconds remaining here in round two. A better round for Pacquiao probably, although Solis there landing a jab has had his moments. At least the pace of the fight for Solis and there's another straight right hand being getting in by Jorge Solis. So, he's been very competitive over these first two rounds. There's no question about that. You know, that's another thing that Pacquiao can lose, make a fight. So, Archie Solis getting very emotional with his brother to try and get him to do a little better. Big edge as you noted in the Compubox and punches landed for Manny Pacquiao. We head into round number three of this match up. It's for the um International WBC super featherweight championship. And uh Manny Pacquiao in the white trunks, of course, the great champion in both the junior lightweight division and down in junior featherweight taking on a Jorge Solis. Yeah, he disconnected a couple of good shots right now, too. The only bad thing about it Solis that he doesn't have the power to to stop Pacquiao in his tracks. I I think the reason why his brother went in there and got in his face because he's not utilizing what he's supposed to and that's that jab and reach. And he And he has when he's used it, he's been effective in this fight, but just hasn't used it enough. And that was the weapon he wanted to use. Uh you know, in his fight against Nicky Benz recently, he averaged 36 jabs per round according to Compubox did Jorge Solis. That's what they want in this fight as well. [Applause] Well, you know, in fairness to Solis though, Pacquiao's warming to his task now. He's a little bit more elusive than he was in the first round anyway. You know, the interesting thing about Manny Pacquiao, he's such an exciting and excellent fighter. He makes a lot of fundamental errors. He squares himself up to opponents. He lunges in. But it is very hard for even the elite fighters and he is 3-1-1 against the the Eric Moraleses, Juan Manuel Marquez, and Marco Antonio Barrera. Hard for them even to take advantage of it. Certainly, Solis would have a hard time doing it. We saw Pacquiao just land a big left hand. He's certainly one of those guys you would never tell a young fighter fight like Manny Pacquiao. You would definitely not want to do that. He's like the only guy that can do it. Yes, and he not only does he get away with it, he's successful. And of course, the hand speed and power that he brings to the fray helps. A minute left to go here in round number three. Manny Pacquiao and Jorge Solis. And so far, while Pacquiao has an edge in punch numbers, Solis has been certainly competitive in this fight. And a nice right hand downstairs by Solis. It's been a little awkward. You know, their styles are such that it's been very difficult for either man to land what they want. Yeah, they don't quite mesh. Yeah, so far, the only punch that I think that's landed pretty good is the one that the one that Pacquiao just landed about about half a minute ago. Left hand. Combination downstairs by Jorge Solis. Solis being a little more active than he was. [Applause] Pacquiao throwing punches, but they're having a hard time getting there. He's just Solis is apparently able to kind of block and slip a lot of those. [Applause] So, just seconds remaining in round three. And again, Solis is an elusive target for Manny Pacquiao. Getting ready for round number three. Manny Pacquiao and Jorge Solis. Pacquiao on the right of your screen. Gets that straight left hand in again. There's the Solis jab that everyone's in agreement he should throw a little bit more. Certainly including his brother Archie who is in the corner advising him. Now Pacquiao warming to the task and getting aggressive. Vic Drakulich the third man in the ring. [Applause] Pacquiao comes into this fight 17 1 and 2 record and 16 KOs in his last 20 fights. He has just been on fire. There's a low blow that they'll take some time off for. [Applause] It's actually in the hip. I think he's got a little charley horse. You know and and people don't realize those things hurt. [Applause] Well, he didn't take much time did Manny Pacquiao. He's right back at it here in round four. Straight left gets in. You know, it looks to me like if nothing else Solis is a very awkward fighter for Pacquiao to deal with right now. Yeah, the the height has actually been a problem for Pacquiao. Uh the movement I mean people who've seen Pacquiao fight should realize and understand that he has a little a lot of trouble with fighters that move on him. Yeah, you know &gt;&gt; Juan Manuel Marquez did that. That's right. You know, because not it's only the the height but also the movement. There's something awkward about Solis that's making Pacquiao look a little awkward himself. Hav- Having said that Pacquiao's doing some good work in this round and Solis has not been able to punch back much. [Applause] And it looks like there is a little blood somewhere on Solis's face. Nice shots by Solis. Probably Solis's lip we think. We'll check it out. Here's my question though. Has anybody fought Manny Pacquiao better than Eric Morales did? In the first fight and in most of the second fight. Uh probably not. Yeah, and you know and Morales was barely able to hold on to win the first fight and got knocked out in the second fight. Can Solis beat Pacquiao with this kind of an approach? You know, uh I'm going to say that maybe Juan Manuel might have fought him just as good. All right. Yeah, well he fought him well. &gt;&gt; because he got dropped in the in the first round three times but other than that he changed his way of fighting and he made Pacquiao look beatable. Yeah, Marquez fought very well in that draw and some think he could he he could have gotten the decision himself. What those two guys had in common they were both hitting Pacquiao hard and often. Solis is kind of picking his shots. Nice left hand by Pacquiao. May have stung Solis. We'll see. Another left hand by Pacquiao. The harder punches probably being landed by Pacquiao that lands. [Applause] You know you know Pacquiao he has an awkward style. You know, he looks very very calm very common. All of a sudden he just shoot out right away and he's very quick with his hands as well. Solis has his best moments of the fight as he pins Manny Pacquiao against the ropes and lands a couple of shots. Well, I said I wouldn't give him that Pacquiao cuz I thought he won most of the round. &gt;&gt; Even with the late action from Solis which kind of like turned things. &gt;&gt; but I I and I think the CompuBox numbers were an indication. I I Pacquiao landed a lot of punches but you know, again those later parts of the round sometimes influence people. I'm going to change my score card. You influenced me. Feel free to have a mind of your own. And it's amazing that they're they're actually telling uh Solis over here in this corner that oh he's just he's too quick but you know what all he's doing is slapping his punches. Which is easy for Archie to say. Exactly. We're in round five of a 12 rounder. Manny Pacquiao this is our main event of course the main reason why these folks have come out here in large numbers. Nice crowd somewhere between 12 and 15,000 here at the Alamodome to see Manny Pacquiao and Jorge Solis. And so far Jorge Solis has proven at least a nettlesome opponent for Manny Pacquiao. Pacquiao was just complaining again about another left hand to the hip. What what was going on there was that Solis tried to throw a straight right to the to the body and the elbow was kind of slipped it down. That's the reason why the shot went down the road. Now probably probably the best opponent that Solis has fought is Humberto Soto who's a very good fighter and the fight was stopped in the third round and it was a no decision because of a clash of heads and a cut but Soto had him down in that third round and so clearly if you have power and you hit him right you can get Jorge Solis down. And Soto did it. By the way and I irony is that Soto is fighting Bobby Pacquiao the brother of Manny Pacquiao in June. That's a fight I would really like to see is Manny against Soto because Soto is a monster. Good straight to the right by Pacquiao. &gt;&gt; comes Solis with Manny Pacquiao trapped against the ropes and attacking. Is this playing possum? I think he felt that right hand. He didn't land a flush on the forehead. I agree. I don't think Manny plays much possum. [Applause] Yeah, that is not his repertoire. Not Not usually. No way he gets mad and he goes after you. Nice nice jab by Solis. [Applause] There's the typical Pacquiao rush in that seems for all the world to invite counter punching which it did against Juan Manuel Marquez but not often against anyone else although as Wally pointed out Eric Morales certainly had a success with that. Yeah, doesn't it seem though that Pacquiao has been less aggressive in this fight than than you used to seeing him? Yeah, he's coming forward and throwing punches but not they're just not as effective as he'd like there to be. And I think it's what Genaro pointed out is the awkwardness of of Solis. Just seconds remaining here in round five. This has been a pretty good round for Jorge Solis. That's the understatement. Though he's probably still behind in this fight he's making some things happen against Manny Pacquiao. Pacquiao was busy training Oscar De La Hoya and Justin Fortune ran the camp. Of course he's a long time associate of Roach and they said the camp went along just as it always does but Roach did get here for fight night. Did it have any impact on Pacquiao? Well, who knows. They will do some housekeeping in the ring. And we'll continue. [Applause] You know, you hate to say you know, that this did have an impact this didn't have an impact cuz in a way it takes away from Solis and if he wins this fight you know we're going to hear that. &gt;&gt; They banged heads and there's a &gt;&gt; cut and there's a cut on Manny Pacquiao's left eyebrow. Oh boy. That's a bad break. It was unintentional. Manny Pacquiao actually went towards towards looking for the fight and he actually crashed into the head of This is all from the awkwardness of the two styles. We've seen it. You know, and I think you called it a couple of rounds back Genaro. Doctor will come in and we'll see how bad that cut is and what it means. The boys are just getting to know one another. I think that he's going to let him go. &gt;&gt; He's got yeah, it's not that bad. Clash of heads creates that cut here in round number five. And I and I don't think Solis should be doing what he's doing right now. He should be smart box relax. Just cuz there's blood on the eye doesn't mean they Oh good straight right. Now remember as this fight wears on especially as we get through this round if that cut would cause a stoppage in this fight because it was a clash of heads and they banged heads again it would Oh, there's a left hand that sends Solis down. Oh, it's a push. They're calling it a push. It's a push. There was a left hand in there but they're calling it a push. So that's interesting. The blood streaming down Pacquiao's face now. They would go to the score cards if they had to. Oh, big right hook by Pacquiao and a left hand and Solis is in some trouble. And there goes the pushing by Pacquiao. He's trying to muscle his way in. Solis has been hurt here in the sixth round. Excuse me, I said the fifth I meant the sixth. This is now the Pacquiao that I think everybody expected to see. And this is what I expected to see of Solis right here trying to avoid trying to get away from punches and getting hurt because he doesn't pick up his hands. That clash of heads and the cut over the eye woke up Manny Pacquiao. He is a tiger here in round six and Jorge Solis is in trouble. Solis just ripping shots on the inside and again I think they banged heads and the eye is bothering Pacquiao. And Pacquiao is is wasting a lot of energy. He's He's trying desperately to finish the fight. Maybe he's a little bit more worried about the cut than you think. Well, he should know they'll go to the score cards. Big hook by Solis. Good uppercut and a hook. Pacquiao may have punched himself out a little bit. Now there's a left uppercut by Pacquiao. Well, this is starting to look like the typical Manny Pacquiao war, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. [Applause] That's There's another clash of heads right there. Many many plots and subplots at work right now in this fight. [Applause] So we move into the seventh round. The cut over Manny Pacquiao's eye an issue. However, we would again point out that because it came from a clash of heads, they would go to the score cards. I would guess Manny Pacquiao is ahead on the score cards at this juncture. But, we don't know. [Applause] Pacquiao had Solis in bad trouble in the sixth round, but then Solis came back with a big left hook. Solis showed, if nothing else in that last round now, he's resilient. He did recover quickly. He got hit with some good shots by Manny Pacquiao. Pacquiao, as we know, punches with power. Right hand gets in by Pacquiao, and again they come perilously close to clashing heads. Still a trickle of blood from the left eye of Pacquiao, but Solis hasn't been able to hit it, so he hasn't exacerbated that. There's a right hand by Solis. So, Solis has a tendency to fall inside, especially if he throws his right hand, and that's why the heads keep coming together. Solis is down. Two good straight left hands got him in trouble again. Pacquiao's primary weapon, and it's working now. Solis needs to pick up that guard. He needs to pick up that defense he has. He is slacking off, and that's why he's getting caught. Now, wasn't this the effect that Manny always has on opponents? He breaks them down. You know, we saw him do it with Morales over three fights. We've seen him do it to a lot of guys. So, the relentless pressure after a while, you know, despite yourself, the hands start coming down because you get exhausted. Now, 29 of the 32 KOs that Pacquiao has had have come within six rounds, and all of Solis's KOs have come within six rounds. So, they're in territory where Solis just doesn't knock people out, and Pacquiao doesn't often do so. A minute left to go or just under it in round seven of this 12-rounder. Good jab by Pacquiao. This is our main event of the evening, and there's another one of those big left hands. This has been a signature round for Pacquiao, and of course he had a very good sixth round as well. So, he's strung together two really impressive rounds. Well, it's an interesting stat that you brought up about the KO percentage after six rounds. Cuz I think everybody's percentage of Manny is that he's a fighter who gets stronger and stronger as the fight goes on. So, it's kind of surprising. You know what? Either he gets stronger or the fact of the matter is that he he he he pressures the fighter his opponent so much that they tend to wear down quite a bit. Uh obviously, you know what? I was noticing that most of the most of the southpaws they tend to lean to the right when they get hit with a solid left. I'm surprised that Solis has not caught on to that. Seconds remaining here in round number seven. Manny Pacquiao's had himself an excellent seventh round, and lands yet another short left hand. How many of those have we seen over his career? Woah. Land and uh do lots of damage. Round eight. Al Bernstein along with Wally Matthews and Genaro Hernandez, former junior lightweight champion of the world. And uh we're happy that you joined us for what's been a very entertaining evening of boxing, and this main event has had some plots and subplots. A clash of heads created a cut uh in round six over the eye of Manny Pacquiao. Uh they have controlled it for the most part, and in the last two rounds Pacquiao has been extremely effective against Jorge Solis. You know, and I think they've run out of ideas in Solis's corner. Genaro, you know, I've been listening, and they've been invoking the the family. He's in trouble, and down goes Solis. I think it was a left upper cut that dropped him. He's not going to make it. He's not going to make it. He does get up at nine. That was a surprise. &gt;&gt; much longer can he continue? A lot of time left in this round, of course. There goes that upper cut again. He's hurt. He's out. It's over. Solis sent down for the second time. On the apron of the ring. Manny Pacquiao. After a slightly slow start, got things in gear, survived the bad cut, as you see it from the clash of heads, and was able to persevere. [Applause] Well, you got to give it to Solis. He tried his best. He was moving very well. He was boxing, but the power of Manny Pacquiao eventually caught up to him. Well, you get the feeling as you look at Manny as you look at Manny Pacquiao, a lot of emotions running through his head due to many recent events, and very relieved, I think, to to get this match over with and get the win. [Music] For Jorge Solis, his first loss as a professional. He's had a couple of draws, but has never lost. We take a look at the uh first knockdown here, Genaro. This is the first time that he was sent to the canvas in this round. &gt;&gt; he got him hurt right there, and then there's that there's that straight upper cut. I thought it was a left, but it was a right upper cut that kind of stung him, and and there's the end of the fight again. Double left. There's a a straight right, and a left to finish it off. Following the second knockdown, reaches the count of 10. The end comes officially at 1 minute, 16 seconds of round number eight. The winner by knockout victory, and still the WBC International super featherweight champion, congressional candidate, Manny Pac-Man Pacquiao. [Applause]