Kind: captions Language: en to be able to bring a world title back to your island, being able to defend it. I know this was something that was very important to you uh when you became champ. &gt;&gt; This is what I've been working for my whole life since I'm 5 years old. 17 years as a as a fighter, seven as a pro, world title, my last fight at 23. I'm ready on Saturday night to become unifi world champion and keep making history. So, this moment for me is the biggest and and and best moment of my life. I deserve to be here. I worked myself to to be here and and this is where I belong. &gt;&gt; You fought in underdog type situations. Uh kind of like you're in again on Saturday night, right? But I feel like you thrive. You're very comfortable in this situation. Am I right? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, definitely. I mean, like I go everywhere to make my dreams come true and uh I've been doing the work for a long time and uh being here is amazing and I can't wait for Saturday night. How much, you know, do you kind of put in those sparring rounds versus the Abbas Barrow that you're going to see on Saturday night? Because now he's a world champion. That takes you up a whole another level. &gt;&gt; No, I feel like I'm I'm I'm expecting the best version of Abas Baro, something I've never seen before because again, he's a champion. We spar almost two years ago. I feel like we have grown, we have learned, we have experienced different things and and I'm expecting the best version of him because he's going to get the best version of me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we spar. I don't lay big eyes on it, you know. Um fights is to me myself I aspire to learn you know always and we spar and it was always good work but a fight is different it's so different is you know the gloves no head gear only me and the man in the ring no helping hand quick decision no panicking it's going to be way different than any sparring so I'm focusing on the fight and I'm looking forward to it &gt;&gt; why is the main event our whole fight car especially your fight the one to watch come Saturday night &gt;&gt; it's the only fight that you have two titles two world titles on the line it's the only fight that you have two champions putting everything for for one dream to be coming on um unified and you should tune in because it's going to be fireworks we're going to I'm going to do what I do best in Puerto Rico is going to make history one more time &gt;&gt; I mean if you look at the styles you know I'm an experienced guy I'm matter background and I come to Puerto Rico willing to put it all on the line to secure the second belt and Zenda you know him he's fast talented and I feel like as a boxing fan myself this is a great fight to watch and uh yeah everybody should tune in to see how I pull this off &gt;&gt; what what is the pro the more delicate process for you preparing for this fight the weight uh resting or mentally Keep keeping calm. &gt;&gt; Nothing. Everything has been the same. There's no pressure. Pressure is mental. If you let it get to you, it will get to you. I've been doing this my whole life. I was born for this. and Saturday night. I will continue to do it and do it once again. &gt;&gt; Your thoughts on the opportunity to start off 2026 with your Olympic teammate and Xandra Saias. &gt;&gt; He's very excited about both things about competing in the same card as a something that they've talked about in the past. He's also very excited to be on the same card as the world champion Sander and that uh he can't wait for Saturday the head. He's super excited. &gt;&gt; How far away do you feel like you are from getting an opportunity like that? Is it is 2026 that year where it happens for you? &gt;&gt; He just he's just waiting for the opportunity. He feels that he's ready that he has experience and that um he's earned the right to to fight. So it's just a matter of getting an opportunity. &gt;&gt; Is there anybody any champion uh that that you would like to fight if given the opportunity? Anybody on your mind? &gt;&gt; He says that he's ready. He's ready to fight everybody. He said that maybe Haney after the fight is uh on Saturday is done, but he just wants to destroy everybody. &gt;&gt; What would you sum up what this first year as a professional has been like for you? &gt;&gt; It has been a a great year. you know a lot of fence in in my four fights now the five fight you know with a experienced fighter I know that Connor is a is a good fighter but I'm going to show levers in Saturday night &gt;&gt; what has this camp been like for you preparing to fight right back here on your island &gt;&gt; have been a great camp because in the last fight I got a cut so I I have to wait three months for this fight so I can prepare better for this fight so we are going to show that we we we grow up a lot as a fighter And uh we we are master fighter in the ring now. Come on. Come on.