Kind: captions Language: en And now, ladies [snorts] and gentlemen, we welcome the fighters. Turn your eyes above as they make their way down the stairs. First joining us to the scale, the WBA world champion with a record of 17 wins, one loss with nine wins. Coming by way of knockout from Germany, making the first defense of his title. Here is the WBA super welterweight champion of the world, Abas Bar. And the world champion Abbas Barau weighs in at 153 and 12 pounds. 153 and 12 lbs. Once again, 153 pounds and his opponent now making his way. the defending WBO world [music] champion with a record of 22 wins, no losses, 13 knockouts, making the first defense of his title from San Juan, Puerto Rico. Here is the newly crowned, undefeated WBO Junior Middleweight Champion of the World, Xander Z. Here it is, ladies and gentlemen. The defending WBO champion weighs in the same as his opponent 153 and 12 lb librasia. It's champion versus champion tomorrow night. the WBO world champ versus the WBA world champ Abas Barrow as these two face off. You see the belt there in the background. One of these men are going home with an extra strap tomorrow night from San Juan, Puerto Rico. Unless it's a draw. &gt;&gt; Don't even think No, don't even think it's a draw. You never know. But this is this is a good fight. &gt;&gt; Bos is not here to play. You know, he said that was sparring. You know, he he thought he did well during sparring. Xander says that I dominated the sparring session. &gt;&gt; 80 rounds, right? &gt;&gt; 80 rounds &gt;&gt; amongst the two of them together. &gt;&gt; So, being familiar with your your your opponent, you know what to train for. You know their strengths, you know their weaknesses. You felt their power. You know what they're good at. &gt;&gt; That's a pretty intense starown, too, right here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Nobody wants to break eye contact. &gt;&gt; Look at this. You know, at these moments right here, like down, you know, it's very intensive. You know, it's like you can feel a thoroughbread, right? Another thoroughbre can feel another thoroughbred, right? You know that he's ready. However, however, you're trying to look for any sign of weakness. &gt;&gt; They had to get in there and break &gt;&gt; any sign of weakness. &gt;&gt; And you and you see the intensity because for me, Xander Z is the type of fighter he fights with emotion. I asked him in a fighter meeting. I said, "Hey, how you going to be able to deal with those emotions?" He said, "I've already done it, Tim. I was in New York at Madison Square, you know, in the small room. He said, "I filled it up. I dealt with my emotions there." He said, "It's no different. Doesn't matter how many people are in the crowd. I'm going to fight my fight and I'm going to bring back that title." &gt;&gt; All right. Well, we have Cory Erman who is standing by with the WBA champ, Abas Bar. Cory, you ready? &gt;&gt; Certainly. &gt;&gt; Take it away. I'm certainly ready and I know Abas Barau is ready as well. Abos, you've had such a fascinating journey to get to this point. Always fighting on the road. You're a world champion who's a free agent. Where did that self-belief come from to always push forward to get to your big moment? The surf comes from all the hard work I've been doing and I'm destinated to my towards my goals and I will do everything to accomplish it and yeah I believe in myself. I've done the hard work. I train hard. I've done everything correct to be in this moment and I'm enjoying it. One thing I found very interesting, and obviously things were getting a little intense during the staredown, but this is a fight between two men who know one another, who like one another, and two guys who told one another, "We're going to become world champion and meet at the top." And you actually made it happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. You know, it's about business right now. He's very ambitious. I am very ambitious. And, you know, I hope he's prepared well cuz I'm going to bring all the smoke and I hope he does it as well. I expect nothing less and we're going to bring a great fight and yeah, I will be the winner. &gt;&gt; I think you might have answered my next question when you said I'm going to bring the smoke, but of course you're known for your stamina and your pressure. What can fans expect out of you tomorrow night? &gt;&gt; You know, of course I'm I'm willing to pull this off definitely and I know team Zander Zas knows that as well. And uh you know, I can only expect a great fight and uh yeah, I'm ready to go. &gt;&gt; All right, we're ready to see it. Avas, thank you so much. Best of luck. &gt;&gt; All right, Christina, back to you. &gt;&gt; All right, well, we had the other half of our main event, hustle and join us up here. It's the WBO world champ, Xander SC. You were watching the monitor, listening pretty intently to hear what your opponent had to say tomorrow night. What are your thoughts on on saying how he hopes you bring the smoke? &gt;&gt; I love it. I love the energy. I love him being hungry about this. He's gonna get the best version of Xander Zayas and I'm excited. I'm having fun. My people is here. Puerto Rico talaga. &gt;&gt; I mean, we have a hundreds of people out here. They all have their phones. There's young girls jumping up and down when they saw you come down from the stairs. I mean, you have to be able to feed off this energy, I'm sure, as you get ready for tomorrow night. &gt;&gt; This is This is beautiful. This is all I dream about. Tomorrow is going to be an amazing night. I just feel it. I have a vibe for it. Puerto Rico is going to make history one more time and he's going to have the youngest unified champion in the world. People, I can feel his energy. I can feel the energy just coming off of you, man. You have those eyes. The eye of the tiger, man. What do you feel is going to be your best attribute in this fight? &gt;&gt; Everything, Bradley. The separation has been created. Separation has been created during camp. I have 12 weeks of creating separation. Now, it's time to go out there and do what I do best. Collect what belongs to me. Become Unifi World Champion. &gt;&gt; We're a little more than 24 hours away from a night where you could be making history. For all the fans out here, for everybody that's tuning in tomorrow night, what should they expect from Xanderas? To all my Puerto Rican fans, thank you for the love. Thank you for all the support. Tomorrow night, we make history one more time together. And I'm excited. I'm excited to bring the glory back to to the island and put them where they belong, at the top. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, Xander. We appreciate you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Shake some hands, take some pictures, and get some rest. Big night for you tomorrow night. We appreciate you, champ. Thank you for joining us. &gt;&gt; Good luck.