Kind: captions Language: en the 17-year-old against the 31-year-old. And expect to see that big smile from Xander Zas for a long, long time coming. Let's get the first introduction of Zas's career from Lupe Contrarus inside the ring. We continue here at the Reno Sparks Convention Center. This bout set for four rounds or less in the welterweight division. And once again being brought to you by Hall of Fame boxing promoter Bob Arum's Top Rank Incorporated in association with Let's Get It On Promotions Atlantis Casino Resort Spa and being sponsored by Geico. Our judges at ringside are Pat Shelene, Dave Moretti, and Max Duca. At the sound of the bell, the ref in charge of the ring, Jay Nate. Presenting first, the fighter standing in the blue corner. He enters the ring wearing blue with white and gold trim. He weighed in at an official 145 and 3/4 lbs. At the age of 16, he made history. This 11time national amateur US and Puerto Rican champion, became the youngest ever to sign a pro contract with a Hall of Fame boxing promoter. Tonight, this high school student makes his professional boxing debut out of Davy, Florida. And representing San Juan, Puerto Rico, Xander Zia, his opposition in the red corner wearing silver with black trim. He weighed in at 144 and 12 lbs. He enters the ring for the second time as a pro with a record of one victory fighting out of Denver, Colorado. Genesis, all I do is win. &gt;&gt; I know this Genesis, man. He I ran into him in the gym a couple times. He's not a bad fighter. &gt;&gt; Four rounds. We'll be at my command. Good luck. Touch gloves. Let's go to work. It's definitely not a pushover fight for Zas in his debut. &gt;&gt; Zas talking to him yesterday. Bulmac, one of the interesting things I asked him, at least it was interesting, his answer was asked him, "What separates you from other fighters your age and makes you think that you're going to translate your amateur success to a pro success?" Number one thing he said, footwork, which I thought was very interesting. So, we'll keep an eye on that footwork in this fourround fight. You see all that experience from Zyus who has been fighting since he was just 5 years old. 11time national Puerto Rican champion. You see that footwork bouncing inside outside against win. &gt;&gt; Good good range. &gt;&gt; He's able to work his feet. Well, &gt;&gt; Zas, I asked him get a chance to watch that Roaci Ramirez debut where Ramirez disappointedly lost in the four round unanimous decision. and he said he did and he said he knows he's got to come out firing, use his combinations, work on those power punches. He's got a man's body for a 17-year-old. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Win in the black and silver trucks. Oh, it's knocked down right in front of us. The first knockdown at the hands of a professional Xander Zas. How about that start ball? That's a good start for 17y old Xander. It's a good start for anybody. Comes right back over the top with the right hand. &gt;&gt; He's going to be looking for that right hand again. And he goes down again and Jay Ny calls the fight. XANDER ZAS THE WIN in round number one. &gt;&gt; Easy work. Easy work for Zander. So, both Zas and heavyweight Jared Anderson, teenagers, making their pro debuts here in Reno. Both with first round knockout victories. &gt;&gt; Well, you can tell that the company's looking for longevity in these fighters. That's right. between Zas Anderson, Sunny KTO, Gabe Flores, you go down the line, a lot of young, exciting fighters under the top ranked promotional banner. First knock down, which we had trouble seeing because it was literally blocked right in front of us came from that straight right hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the way he how he galloping. See how he galloping that he throws his jab, throws it more or less like a throwaway jab to set up the right knee, which was really great. First knockdown of the career of Xander Zas. Straight right hand right in front of Bob Arum who you can see there on the far side of the ring. &gt;&gt; And then Zas came right back at him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He threw it around the glove this time. Set it up with the jab again. Guy set up with the jab. Diggers come around the glove. And then just for good measure, the right hand to the body and J wasting no time waving off the fight. Jab, jab around to the body. Beautiful. Yeah. Textbook. &gt;&gt; Textbook. Hey, lot of amateur experience you can see from that kid. &gt;&gt; So, Xander Zia's pro debut is an absolute breeze. The knockout victory in round number one. Ladies and gentlemen, upon close observation, referee Jay Nate determines that the red corner is unable to continue, obligating him to stop this contest with an official time of 1 minute 24 seconds of the opening stanza, declaring the winner by way of technical knockout in his pro debut, the youngest ever, Xander Za. Zas Xander one and0 with one knockout. I think after a while he's just going to go by one name. And Xander the 17-year-old could have asked for a better start to his professional career climbing the ropes here in Reno. Introducing first out of the blue corner. He weighed in at 146.2 2 lb wearing red trunks with black trim. He brings a record of eight wins with only one defeat, one draw. Five of those victories coming by way of knockout from Little Rock, Arkansas, Demarcus Little Rock Leighton. Introducing out of the red corner, he weighed in at 146.4 lb. Wearing black trunks with orange trim, he brings a perfect record. Seven wins, no losses, five victories coming by way of knockout from San Juan, Puerto Rico, XANDERAS. All right, guys. Let's go. All right, we went over the rules in less room. All right, I expect a good clean fight out of both of you. Pay close attention to my commands. Protect yourself at all times. All right, touch them up. Wait for the bell. &gt;&gt; Bernardo Suna alongside Timothy Bradley and Andre Ward. And Dre, &gt;&gt; your mouthpiece. &gt;&gt; Zas, what makes this kid special? &gt;&gt; Well, you see his physique. You see he's tall and rangy, but he can box. He's still very, very young. He's 18 years old, but you see a lot of potential. He's just he's learning on the job. He didn't have, you know, some crazy amateur uh record and experience, so he's got to get it in real time in the professional ranks. &gt;&gt; Had 132 amateur fights, won 118 of them. And this young man is fighting CMI, Florida for the third time as a pro. He's out of Plantation and he gets caught there with a nice right hand from Leighton and he also lands a nice left hook here early in round number one. And there's that LEFT HOOK. LEIGHTON'S IN THE CORNER. HE'S PINNED and Zas IS GOING TO WORK. AND YOU HEAR THE CROWD. HE SAID, "I'm so happy because last time I had a crowd that was in Puerto Rico and this is just like PUERTO RICO." HERE THEY GO. Look at it. The fight is over. And he said, "This is just like fighting on the island because Cassini is mini Puerto Rico." And boy, did he make them happy and give them something to celebrate. Tim, he wasted no time. He jumped late. That's what he did. He jumped him and he jumped them early. He knew that Leightton couldn't take pressure, so he stepped it up. He was willing to go through the fire, take whatever was necessary that he was dishing out and he was able to produce a spectacular performance like that and get the knockout. Yeah, that's the way you want to put on and show out in front of your people. And when you're a young fighter and you have a fighter in front of you that does not belong in the ring with you, that's how you handle your business. &gt;&gt; He said exactly that in our fighter meetings. I know that Leighton cannot handle pressure, so I'm going to bring it right to him. And he said, "After the last fight, I saw my mistakes." That was a unanimous decision, shut out victory. And he said, "What I did was I was leaving my left hand down. I need to bring the shoulder forward, be more explosive, but at the end of the day, this kid has all the tools." &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Definitely has the tools. It looks like Leighton is is mad. He felt that he was okay. Uh the referee thought that he wasn't okay. And you see him throw his mouthpiece on the floor right there. Little frustration for Leighton. &gt;&gt; And here is how it all started and ended, Andre, with a flurry of punches from Xander Zas. And here it is. He puts him in the corner. And &gt;&gt; Zas went right to work and he was in range to be hit. But that's what happens when you're trying to get your big shots through. Zas was comfortable there. He had his chin tuck. Boom. You see a big left hook. He had his opponent hurt. He capitalized on. He went to the body, went back to the head. That's what you see veteran fighters doing. That shot right there. Beautiful shot. It's hard to to clear your head when you get hit to the body and then the opponent goes right back to the head. That was a perfect sequence. Perfect range from Zaz. That's how you finish a guy. You said it right there, Dre. Perfect range. You can see he's not smothering his shots right there. He's leaving a little room so he can extend with the right punches. That left hook snuck in there. The body shot was the one, the most effective punch of that combination right there to set up that big knockout left hook. &gt;&gt; What was impressive is that left hook hurt him, paralyzed him on the ropes. He went to work. He didn't finish him then, but then the sequence continued and he followed up and he just went to work and finished him early on. How long did this fight last? Mark Shinook has the official time. Ladies and gentlemen, here inside the Silver Spurs Arena, referee Amal Lombardi calls a stop to this bout at 56 seconds of round number one, declaring your winner by TKO. Xander Zas, Puerto Rico, Xander Zas. Get excited about this 18-year-old kid who improves to 8 and0 with six knockouts. and he and Jacob Gomez out of Kagwas, Puerto Rico, have set the tone with first round knockouts early on in this fight. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, welcome inside Resorts World. We get straight to the action. Eight rounds for the vacant NABO Junior Middleweight title. Introducing first out of the blue corner. He weighed in at 153.6 6 lb wearing white trunks with green and red trim. His record 22 victories, four defeats, one no decision. 15 of those victories coming by way of knockout from Yugatan, Mexico. ALIAS THE LATIN KID. Introducing out of the red corner. He weighed in at 153 lbs. Wearing white trunks with blue and red trim. His record perfect. 13 victories, no defeats. Nine of those VICTORIES COMING BY WAY OF KNOCKOUT. FROM SAN JUAN Puerto Rico. Xander Zion, &gt;&gt; Russell Moore will be the third man inside for our co-feature. &gt;&gt; Okay, gentlemen, &gt;&gt; we went over the rules in the dressing room. I want to remind you, protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands. God bless you both. Touch up. So for Xander Zas at just 19 years old, he has been active, his eighth fight since the start of 2021. He was hoping to be more active in recent months. He was supposed to fight back at Madison Square Garden on the weekend of the Puerto Rican Day parade, but he had a viral infection after training in Australia for the better part of May. And that was really tough for him to take. He was so disappointed that he didn't get that spot on the Puerto Rican Day parade card at MSG. &gt;&gt; That just shows you the passion of the young man. I saw the video. It went viral. You know, him crying, talking about talking to his fans, apologizing to his fans. But this comes with the sport, man. You know, it's a learning experience for him. And I'm sure that, you know, the time off was was much needed because he's a hard worker. He stays in the gym and he's hungry for success. See both fighters coming out in this first round at a fast pace in the center of the ring. Espatada is not just here to collect a check. He's a stiff test tonight for Z. And I want to see how Xander Zas responds. &gt;&gt; SP a 10-year pro without CSA. &gt;&gt; OH, LOOK AT SANDER ZAS. First round knockdown. Six seven. &gt;&gt; Think he was hungry to get back in here. &gt;&gt; Healthy, freshened, ready. And let's see if he can put on an early show. Zas calmly stalking his prey now against the veteran Mexican fighter 22 wins deep into the career of the 31-year-old who gets floored. Goes to the body after throwing the uppercut to Xander. Those body shots hurt. &gt;&gt; Goes to the body again after that four punch combination. Xander setting up that left hook up top. He's bringing that right hand. Look at the right hand. The back hand coming down. &gt;&gt; There it is. Left hook, straight right. &gt;&gt; He's setting it up all behind the left jab. He's still patient even though he has his opponent hurt. That's maturity on display right now. &gt;&gt; Don't do that. Spottis on the inside firing back. &gt;&gt; Danner rushing his offense a little bit. Got caught in the spot right there. Needs to take his time. He's looking to He's looking for the knockout. He needs to let the fight develop. &gt;&gt; One, two with the right hand. That hit. There it goes again. &gt;&gt; A little left hook. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's a 50-50 exchanges that Xander is is clearly getting the better of, but he's also in range to be hit. &gt;&gt; No doubt about it. Got to watch out for that right hand in the spot. &gt;&gt; Watch out for those low. &gt;&gt; Multiple warnings already. Come here. Right here. We're going to take a short break, come back, show you that replay of the knockdown scored by the 19-year-old sensation Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Stay sharp. See how you left because you were right. &gt;&gt; You don't need that. &gt;&gt; You can get a point deduction. Don't do that. &gt;&gt; Work off that grab. We saw it in video. We worked it. Let's go. Check out this nasty slot change by Xander right there. Opponent would throw a last senior head. You see the right hand right there. Miss from his opposition spat, but then the left hook comes right down the middle. Turned it right over as that left hand was extended. Beautiful shot right there from Xander Zas. Xander Zas, who will turn 20 next month, signed a promotional contract with Top Rank when he was only 16 years old. He was already a pro fighter when he was graduating from Plantation High School in South Florida. Originally from San Juan, takes great pride in his Puerto Rican roots and fights out of Sunrise, Florida. &gt;&gt; Zia seems like he just wants to fight fire with fire early in this fight. He typically will take his time, try to set up his shots and box. It's not the case tonight. He's been in 50/50 exchanges the whole first round. Got the better of it, but Espatada has just missed a few good shots himself. &gt;&gt; 18 power punches landed in that first round for Xander. Spottis also lives in South Florida, native of Mexico. But he says, you know, I've known Xander since he was in the amateurs. Kid used to come into the gym. His hair was painted blue. That's when he first started fighting as a pro with that unique look. Goes to the body again. Already received a few warnings from Russell Moira in round one. But the thing that I like about Zas is he's an aggressive counter puncher. You know, he he'll fight off the jab, but he throws combinations. He's very active. He throws about 70 punches a round. &gt;&gt; Your hands. &gt;&gt; That's well above the average at this weight class. Both fighters have good success when they start to use the jab. &gt;&gt; Zas has used his jab more than Espatada, but Espata is picking his left hand up this round as well. &gt;&gt; Time that right hand and then finish with the left hook. &gt;&gt; Sweeps with it again. &gt;&gt; There's one thing on Xander's mind, Dre. As you said, he just wants to fight tonight. I mean, those 50-50 exchanges are dangerous, but Xander feels he can take it. And he's also getting his head off the line when he shoots that right hand. So, he's not getting that return fire from Espatada. &gt;&gt; There it is again. It's great technique by Xander Zas. Closing that range with the jab. &gt;&gt; Spot trying to take the jab away from Xander. He's looking for that right hand. He landed it twice right there. He did. Short right hand on the inside. &gt;&gt; Trying to time these exchanges as well. Boy, entertaining stuff early on here, isn't it? End of two. Don't go anywhere. Back here live from Resorts World in Vegas, round three. The undefeated Xander Zia scored the knockdown in round one. You see the punches last round where he had a 21-10 connect advantage. Of course, the power punching is what has opened our eyes early on in the career of Zas. He lands over 50% of his power punches. Tonight he's hovering right around 44% early on. &gt;&gt; And Joe, he feels like he wants to sit there and trade because he's growing. He's getting bigger and he feels strong. And when you're young and you feel strong, sometimes you want to do what Zas is doing. Stand there and fight. &gt;&gt; Bernardo, what are they saying in the corner of Space? They're saying he needs to be cautious, but he needs to double up on the jab, throw combinations, and land his right. Because they understand that Zas has a great right, but he's also been caught with the right hand earlier in this fight. &gt;&gt; And there is Tapimo Lopez flanked by his father as they are gloving up. Tapimo Senior &gt;&gt; may have been the team together. all the drama outside the ring, but it was his father, remember, in recent years on the ride up who said, "We're going for Vasili Machenko." And they conquered that. There's a combination again. Left hook, right hand from Zas, and a good stiff jab from Xander. Another two-punch combination that lands flush. &gt;&gt; Always catches Zas either coming in or going out irresponsibly. &gt;&gt; Backs him up that time. &gt;&gt; He's got to get those hands up. Yes. &gt;&gt; He's got to get those hands up. Get your offense off. Mean it when you punch, but just know that something is coming back right now getting teed off on. &gt;&gt; Every time he has a low low in his offense, he's getting clipped. mean one two right there down the middle. &gt;&gt; Spot's got to pick his spots when he's exchanging Zas. He shouldn't exchange every single time there's an option to exchange. He needs to pick his spots, use his jab, move around the ring, make Zas come to him, and then every now and again sneak attack him, get into a 50/50 exchange, and then rinse and repeat with people. If he continues to fight Zaz the way that he did is, he won't see the distance. &gt;&gt; Another left hook. Another left hook there. Dre sends him off balance. Nearly drove down a chopping right hand as well. &gt;&gt; And he is committed to &gt;&gt; He has a better shot of landing a shot test by sneaking it in, loling Zas to sleep ever so slightly and trying to get it in. But fire with fire is not the fight for Spot. &gt;&gt; Right in the kitchen trying to return some fire. punches up these &gt;&gt; round number four. Xander Zas in control against a game in tough alias. Knockdown was scored in round number one. Xander when he was 6 years old had his first amateur fight. It was right next to the gym owned by Tito Trinidad. The great legendary Tito Trinidad who came to see him fight. In fact, he beat one of Tito's gym fighters. and Tito had his day and Cotto had his day and then everybody was saying who's the next great Puerto Rican star, right? As Felix Verdeo was thought to be that guy, the Olympian and then in recent years the big first round knockout streak of Edgar Buranga. But it's becoming apparent to many that Xander has the best chance to be the man. Tess is an exciting fighter. You see, you see the volume. He's a technician, aggressive counter puncher. He's very entertaining as a young man, you know, and he's strong and he's &gt;&gt; he's showing Uhoh. Uhoh. Point better be taken. &gt;&gt; Next time I'm talking to you, I'm taking a point. You understand? Yes, sir. I don't care. You get him up. &gt;&gt; Good box. &gt;&gt; Stern warning from Russell Mora. &gt;&gt; So, Xander can no longer go down to the body. &gt;&gt; This entire round, he can no longer go down to the body. He has to head hunt. Left hook can do that. &gt;&gt; The right hand of Espatada has been down since the start. That's the reason why these left hooks continue to rain in on him. Joe spoke to Javier Sentenno. He says it's all right if he can't go to the body. He's going to continue to find his range. She's got a left hook from the outside. He's looking sharp, but he just cannot sit there and exchange with them. &gt;&gt; Javel, the veteran trainer for Xander Zas. He has his gym in South Florida, just outside of Fort Lauderdale. But they were most recently in Australia because he's also the trainer for George Cambosus. So, the connectivity to Tapimo Lopez coming up in our main event. And that is where Zas had the viral infection that threw off the better part of four weeks in his schedule this year. And now you see him returning passionately and aggressively right from the start here tonight in Vegas. &gt;&gt; Want to see Zaz pick up that jab. He's had good success in these exchanges. He's gotten caught a few times, but in the dead periods when a spot is moving away, he needs to be using that jab. You can still beat your opponent up from long range while you're out of range. And that'll help you get in range to get the big shots that you want to get. He's got to pick the left hand up and be more active with it. My hand &gt;&gt; scheduled for eight coming to the halfway mark of our co- feature and then it is the return of Tafimo seconds out. &gt;&gt; Xander Zas with an 85 to 37 connect advantage over his spot as we start round five. ringside physician is looking at that right arm and they will let us spot us. &gt;&gt; Wait, wait, wait. &gt;&gt; Continue. &gt;&gt; You think about those stages of development for a young prospect like Xander Zas. And you can take some leaps forward obviously when you're dealing with this level of talent and athlet athleticism and skill. &gt;&gt; OH, and that proves it. And that's over. And let the celebration begin for now the 10th knockout for Xander with an X. And X just marked the spot. Beautiful shot. Pulling out. Beautiful shot. &gt;&gt; Pulling out. That was not by happen stance. That was set up. &gt;&gt; Set up beautifully with the left hand first. Grace. Yes. Yes. Fundamentals gave Xander Z the shot that he ultimately wanted. A guy like a spider had computed all the wide shots. So he had to change up the rhythm and the cadence. He did that and boom, he got the knockout he was looking for. &gt;&gt; Minor infight adjustment that produced a major result. Wait, wait, wait, wait. &gt;&gt; I felt that the fight was stopped a little bit too soon. Honestly, that spot got up. Side seemed clear. Not sure what the referee was looking at, but he got up. His legs looked okay. He didn't wasn't wobbling. He wasn't going side to side. And I'm sure he could have continued. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Look, here we go. Look at this setup right here. Xander Zas. Beautiful setup. Off the jab, hook, then right hand, looping right hand. Boom. ran right into it. A spotter was trying to exit. Kept that lead hand down as he was trying to get away. Right hand right on the chin, sending a spotter to the canvas. Beautiful shot right there on the chin. Right on the money from Xander Zas. Zas led and countered in this sequence right here. And you see him go to the LEFT WITH THE JAB. And his spider thought he was out of trouble, but he didn't know that a looping right hand from Zamas was on the way was going to hit him right on the button, put him on the seat of his pants, and boom, just like that. THAT HAPPENED IN A SPLIT SECOND, but it was all set up by a two-punch combination, a jab, a waist hook, and an overhand right. And that got Xander Zas the result and the finish that he was looking for. And there is the team that has such a ride still ahead for them with Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Young man, spectacular. &gt;&gt; Tim, I want to go back to your comment about waving off this fight. That was a big shot. Second time he's gone down. But let's watch him get up here and what Russell Morris saw. &gt;&gt; What? What? What is Moram Moore doing? I mean, you can clearly look at the man. He wasn't like severely hurt. I mean, he went down, yes, but gosh, come on. Give the man a chance. Ladies and gentlemen, here inside Resorts World, referee Russell Mora calls a stop to this bout at 23 seconds of round number five for your winner by technical knockout. And now, the NABL Junior Middleweight Champion, Xander Zah. Introducing first out of the blue corner. He weighed in at 152.4 lbs, wearing black trunks with red trim. His record, 18 victories, two defeats, one draw. 12 of those victories coming by way of knockout. REPRESENTING NORTH HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA, Ronald Diablo Cruz. Introducing Out of the Red Corner. He weighed in at 152.8 lb. Wearing black trunks with gold trim. His record is perfect. 15 fights, 15 victories. 10 of those victories coming by way of knockout. He is the reigning and defending NABF and NABO Junior Middleweight Champion from San JUAN PUERTO RICO, Xander Zion. So Xander Zas was back from injury. This fight was originally scheduled Trey for April 1st to be a co-feature underneath Roaci Ramirez Isaac Dog and their featherweight title fighters in the dressing room. I want you to fade a command to protect yourselves at all time. Right now it's going to be under the letters here. Right now it's going to be under the gold. Tap it up. Let's go to work. but then a training injury forced the withdraw the push back and we had a conversation with Xander yesterday listen he's only 20 years old undefeated 15-0 but he said listen sometimes your body tells you you need a rest mature thing to say and it's the right thing to say &gt;&gt; Ronald Cruz started his career 16-0 suffered a loss in 2015 never been stopped as a pro what do you make of Cruz as an opponent at this stage of development for Zas &gt;&gt; I think it's a good test for Zas I think that Cruz who's had a good training camp. The fight's been off and on, off and on. He said, "I never stopped training for this fight and he's come to win." We talked to fighters in the fighter meeting and sometimes we get the sense they're trying to convince themselves. I didn't get that sense with Cruz. &gt;&gt; I GOT THIS. OH, THERE'S A BIG RIGHT HAND FROM ZAS. ZAS SCORES A KNOCKDOWN 30 SECONDS INTO THE FIGHT. &gt;&gt; I'd say he's refreshed and ready. Remember, Cruz has never been stopped. &gt;&gt; Just missed that uppercut. Left hook. &gt;&gt; Zas is a dynamic young offensive talent and he just showed us. &gt;&gt; Good solid shot to the chest from Groove. Good shot right there. I love what I'm seeing from Zas right now because his shots are landing heavy, but he's not throwing them hard. He's just shooting them from the hip and they're landing in the right spot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. In control with his power. He started that with a jab to the body, then went upstairs with the right hand. There's the uppercut with the left hook to the body combination. &gt;&gt; Getting just enough ones and twos, maybe twos and threes, and not getting greedy too early. &gt;&gt; Probing that long jab. He's got a great frame at junior middleweight. giving levels to that jab. Goes to the body again with it. &gt;&gt; I like everything that Zas is doing before he punches. The faints, the head movements. One of the knocks on him is that he keeps his chin and his head in the position to get hit when he's not punching. I'm seeing a little improvement from that early in this first round. &gt;&gt; That was one of the points of analysis that we really dug in on when we were with him back in December of last year. This is his second consecutive Madison Square Garden appearance and I remember that being a point of emphasis in your analysis the last time. &gt;&gt; And that was actually actually something that Cruz his opponent mentioned in the fighter meeting. So let's see if he can take advantage. So, a big opening round for Xander Zas. Back off the injury off some delays. Goes to the body, works it back upstairs on a four-punch combination, but the right hand sparked things early on here in round number one. Oh, and he comes with a left hook on the back end of that combination. &gt;&gt; That body shot before that was mean. &gt;&gt; Doubling up the left hand as well. Uppercut, left hook, showing you a little bit of everything in round number one. Xander Zas was ready to come out firing. &gt;&gt; Work with that jab. I need you to continue that jab work, right? I want you to add a little bit more faint in there. Okay, get that. &gt;&gt; And Zas got off to a fast start. Good jabs. That's what set everything up and he took a nice slip to the right, avoided the jab of Cruz, and landed a beautiful counter shot right there. That lets you know that Xander Zas is poised. He's within himself and he's watching and he took full advantage of the mistake from Cruz right there. Quick shot, quick sequence. Then he finished the the round strong. Didn't see the body shot, but that left hook to the head was very strong. I'm seeing a difference in the physical strength and the punching power. But again, Sanders eyes is not throwing hard, but he is landing hard. I think that's something that younger fighters often struggle with, don't you, Dre? In terms of, you know, the mindset being to land hard, I got to throw hard. I got to put everything into it. &gt;&gt; That's the natural response you you think you need when people say you got to get knockouts. They force it. They press. Seeing poise tonight from the young fighter. That's Cruz's job is to He's tasted the power. He's got to try to find a way in and try to press the young fighter. punch while he's punching. I know that's dangerous. Or punch right after Zas punches. He's got to try to get going. &gt;&gt; In that first round, Zas outlanded Cruz 21 connects to six. He outworked him throwing 72 punches. And 14 of those 21 connects were power punches. &gt;&gt; The worst thing that an opponent can do is they're try if they're trying to test a young fighter, just to lay back and accept what's coming their way. There's that uppercut, left hook again. &gt;&gt; If you let this young fighter get into a groove, it's going to be even worse. You might as well try to get some something going and try to disrupt him as much as you can. &gt;&gt; Ronald Cruz, the 31-year-old, the veteran. &gt;&gt; When he turned pro, Zas was only 12 years old. &gt;&gt; Combination finishes with a left to the body. Cruz shakes it off. &gt;&gt; Watch your heads. Work your way up. Hands are free. &gt;&gt; First jab from Cruz. &gt;&gt; Three punch combination. Left hook finishes it again. Bruce stepping forward covering up for a moment. See if he crosses that threshold. What Zas comes back with and he tried to time the right uppercut when he did cross that threshold. &gt;&gt; But I don't like what Cruz is doing. He's got his hands up pressing forward hoping that he doesn't get hit with a clean shot. He's got to try to make something happen. Yeah, a high guard with hope is not exactly what you're looking for in a spot like this, &gt;&gt; especially with this kind of offense that he's facing in Xander Zayas. &gt;&gt; And you can see blood coming from the nose now of Cruz. Ate that big right hand in round number one, just 30 seconds into the fight. &gt;&gt; Again, targeting that body right now. 32% of Zas's punches are to the body. That'll be a big point of emphasis in our main event tonight with the lineal champion, the champion at 140 lbs, Josh Taylor and his propensity to have a high work rate to the body. We'll see how Tapima Lopez deals with that. It's a dynamic world championship fight coming your way next with Taylor and Lopez. We're going to take a short break here at the end of two. When we come back, we will get Max Kellerman's thoughts on Taylor and Tapimo. Don't go anywhere. call and what a split decision. Teofimo Lopez just couldn't quite do enough on the night he lost his title, fighting with a medical condition that could have killed him, but he got up off the deck and scored a knockdown to rally late. This is a significant fight in the history of this era of boxing and it promises fireworks. No doubt about it, Max Kellerman. You think about the signature win of Lopez's career against Basil Lmanenko and the great stretch that Josh Taylor went through to secure all four belts that is coming your way. Josh Taylor and the fiery Tapimo Lopez. This is round three scheduled for eight of the dynamic 20-year-old prospect prospect. I mean, this is a guy who's now coming in to be a fringe contender and hoping to secure a title shot in the course of a year from now. Dre, &gt;&gt; no doubt about it. And if he stays the course, he's right there in that fringe position to become that contender and then ultimately start making his route for a world title. Cruz is having &gt;&gt; a wee bit more success in this round only because he's thrown a wee bit more. He's got to throw punches to try to land against the young fighter to try to get something going. He can't just concede with getting hit with shots to the body and on the gloves because Xander Zas can do this for the full eight rounds. &gt;&gt; And the other thing, Dre, and you talk about this often, that high guard when you have a puncher like Zas opposite to you, he can punch through your gloves. He's punching to your gloves and still doing damage to your arms and to you. &gt;&gt; He's strong enough and he's accurate enough, as you just saw right there, to keep doing that all night long. The &gt;&gt; blood from the nose of Cruz. &gt;&gt; Part of the reason why Cruz doesn't want to open up because he feels the power. He's getting hit accurately to the body and to the head. So, what comes to your mind is if I get hit clean with that shot, I don't know what's going to happen. N &gt;&gt; using that obstruction left hand and he gets the warning from Steve Willis. &gt;&gt; His offense has been very consistent. &gt;&gt; He's shown &gt;&gt; different arsenal shots to the body and to the head, &gt;&gt; but he hasn't discouraged Cruz. Cruz is still coming forward. &gt;&gt; Cruz comes forward trying to get a right hand to the body against Zas. Team Cruz told us, I said, "How do you see this fight playing out?" He and his trainer said, "We see us this going our way late. We want to keep pressing early and be there late. Let's see if that works." Of &gt;&gt; course, already a 10-8 round in the bag for Zas in round number one with a knockdown score here on National Puerto Rican Day parade weekend. Celebrating its 66th year in New York, doing so with Zas in action. Look over Press Row as it is a complete sellout at the theater of Madison Square Garden here. The highest gross in boxing event in MSG history. This world championship fight coming your way. Moments ago, we saw Ronald Cruz pick up his work rate a bit in round number three. Saw that counter punch. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, he landed a good shot right hand. Not the end of the world, but that should be encouraging to Cruz to let him know that I I threw and I landed. He's got to keep doing that because Zaz is picking up the pace. Bernardo, what are you hearing out of the corners? &gt;&gt; On the side of Xander Zayas, Jav Sentenno says, "Look, he's having a lot of fun out there after the layoff. I want him to continue to work the body, but everything behind the jab." And Superman Juimenez said, "Look, my guy needs to use his range and he needs to pressure. And to do that, he's got to have higher punch volume." &gt;&gt; So, the trainer is seeing the same thing we're seeing. wrapping around with that right hand and puts the right to the body underneath that left elbow. &gt;&gt; As a veteran facing a young guy, the worst thing you can do is is allow the young guy to remain comfortable, remain in their comfort zone. And Cruz is doing that. He's allowing Zaz to get off with any type of shot he wants. And he's pressing forward, but it's not effective aggressiveness because he's not throwing punches. There's the champion of the world, Josh Taylor, skipping rope, getting warm in his locker room. The lineal junior welterweight world champion who's coming off the 16-month layoff. You'll see plenty of that tartan proud Scotsman up against Tapimo Lopez in moments. Hey, &gt;&gt; right hand lands short on the inside from Zas. Cruz should be firing that right hand almost every time after Zas throws because Zas brings the left hand low. He's not protecting his chin or his temple and Cruz needs to throw. &gt;&gt; Three punch combination from Cruz. doubles up the jab, goes to the body yet again. It's been successful to the body already. 32 body connects for Xander Zas as we're in the final moments of round four. &gt;&gt; Work your way out. Hands are free. Hands are free. Work it out. Work it out. Hands are free. You got one hand. You got one hand free. I got &gt;&gt; halfway through our scheduled eight rounder. Zas in control &gt;&gt; and Zas have done some good work with both hands in this fight. But the hook is his money shot. That's the shot that he has a lot of power on. Left with that shot and landed it, but I like the right hand that's pinned to the right side of his face while he throws it. Cruz has not had an answer for that left hook because it's been accurate and it's been powerful. &gt;&gt; Start of round number five scheduled for eight. Xander Zas with a 76-30 connect advantage and scored the knockdown in round number. Let's see the power punches landed per round of 59 to 17 edge there for Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Dre remember a year ago Puerto Rican Day parade weekend always a moment where especially a prospect like Zas that that's a big day on his boxing calendar but remember he was suffering from that virus last year. He went down to Australia to work to get in work down there. wasn't able to fight on this card as they get a shot of Tapimo Lopez and you can hear the reaction from the crowd. The former unified four belt lightweight champion now attempting to become a two division champion. His third fight at 140 lbs. And I know to the average fan they hear, "Hey, wait a second. He was a champion at 135. This is only a 5 lb difference." It's a huge difference sometimes when you see the physicality. &gt;&gt; It can be. And when you're known for power like Teafimo Lopez, we we call it carrying. That power may not come with you to the higher weight class. Can't fully explain it other than to say that you're facing bigger guys who are walking around when they're not fighting at a heavier weight. And the punch doesn't have the same impact. That's what we're all waiting to see with Teao. Does the power carry the 140? No. No. You got to keep it up. Stop. Stop. You got to give it up. You're getting a little low. All right. No intent. &gt;&gt; Warning from Steve Willis. on the punches strang. Well, of course, when he has been under the ESPN bright lights and the cameras here at Madison Square Garden, the power has been on display at Madison Square Garden with Lopez. Some of the jaw-dropping knockouts he's had on Heisman nights of the past, but he does like this building. Although his most recent effort was a bit uninspiring, the win back on December 10th against a guy who's tough to look good against in Sander Martin. &gt;&gt; But you you got to figure it out, right? You gota you got to figure it out. Every fight's not going to be great. It's going to be ugly nights. But the thing that concerns me about Lopez mentally is he doesn't own the night for what it was. There's excuses being made. So that tells me you're not improving. You're not getting better and then oh you're ready to fight Josh Taylor next. My question is have you gotten better? &gt;&gt; The mental side of things always a question with Tapimo Lopez. We will dig into that as Mark Regal has an amazing story and access he had with Tapimo and his father this week. So, we'll join Mark Regal and Max Kellerman and have that discussion just prior to the world championship fight coming up. &gt;&gt; Cruz landed another right hand right there. Again, you may say that's not that much. It's frequent and, you know, far and few in between, but for an opponent, &gt;&gt; that's encouraging when you've been hit as much as Cruz has been hit. He needs to throw more &gt;&gt; because one shot may get through and cause some damage. and a five. Sold out crowd at the theater at Madison Square Garden. Madison Square Garden, where the Scottish legend Ken Buchanan fought six times. And now the Scotsman Josh Taylor, who's the best of the best at 140 lbs, will put his crown on the line against Tiao Lopez. That world title fight is coming your way soon. 91 to 40. You just saw the connect advantage for Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Couple things with Xander Zas that I see in some of his fights and I'm seeing it here is that he comes out strong and if that first onslaught doesn't work, &gt;&gt; you sort of see the same repetitions, the same type of shots being thrown and he's going to have to learn to switch that up with a different cadence, different speeds, and then creativity. creativity with his punches because even Cruz, &gt;&gt; the veteran that he is, he's not an elite guy, but he's smart enough to know that, okay, I know the trajectory of his punches. I know how he's going to throw it, and that's why you see him hanging around. &gt;&gt; How do you attack that in the gym, right? &gt;&gt; Well, number one, they got to recognize it as team. And then you have to drill it. Hey, son, you're doing that again. When you get on the mits and get on the bag, the combinations have to be different. We box for so long that we can do these workouts in our sleep. You got to make sure you keep the young fighter stimulated so he can continue to learn. &gt;&gt; It's not just about working hard, it's about working smart. &gt;&gt; And I can tell the way Zas is throwing, he's you hear the e that's letting me know that there's bad intentions on every shot, even if it's not landing. So the pace is the same. &gt;&gt; So he's got to change the cadence up. Pop pop pop. Throw something light, throw something fast, and then throw a heavy shot. &gt;&gt; Good shot right there from Zyus to the body. &gt;&gt; Boy, he finished with that left hook to the body. &gt;&gt; Cruz turned the left hand into an uppercut as well. &gt;&gt; But Cruz can brace for it because he's ready for it. He knows it's coming. &gt;&gt; Hands are free workout. &gt;&gt; That's also something in Zas that can be improved with shadow boxing. You can be as creative as you want to be with your feet in your hands &gt;&gt; in shadow boxing. Don't get stuck doing the same thing day in and day out. &gt;&gt; It's almost like Z is saying, "Okay, I've done everything. I've I've shown you what I got. Now I got You see him thinking, trying to figure out what to do &gt;&gt; and you just want to see him flowing and reacting. &gt;&gt; If I'm Cruz, I step on the gas. &gt;&gt; It's okay for him to take some risk. &gt;&gt; Soon as he just opened up there, Zas threw back. &gt;&gt; He got disciplined. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Closing moments of round number six. Two rounds to go here and then it's the world title fight. &gt;&gt; MSG. that very bold name plate along the waistband. He even has the same exact tailored jacket. This is real to the guy. The great, he says, the greatest Scotsman to ever fight. This is a guy who's an undisputed champion, but he had a great relationship with the late Ken Buchanan. He mentored him. &gt;&gt; Listen, you you got to have reasons, multiple reasons to get into this ring and fight in front of the world. And sometimes that extra motivation that you have, someone like a Buchanan who paved the way for you and now he's gone. Sometimes that can be the difference between a win and a loss and you gutting out a moment or a round that you need to get the job done. &gt;&gt; So I'm all for it. &gt;&gt; Good shot right there. A left uppercut followed by a left hook from Xander Z. &gt;&gt; And Xander really took that dip to generate the power with that left upper. &gt;&gt; I love his left hook to the body and to the head. What I really appreciate, Drake, is that he's always thinking about finishing with it. &gt;&gt; Many of his combinations, you'll see him take and probe with that left hook and say if it's there, he wants to finish with it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Trying to drive down that right hand. &gt;&gt; Doesn't look like Cruz has much steam on his punches at this point throwing, but he doesn't have bad intentions behind that. But Xander Zayz, he does &gt;&gt; again. Three-punch combination. Finishes with the left hook. &gt;&gt; Oh, that was a good combination. And then a straight right split. The guard at the end of those four. &gt;&gt; Heavy shot. Heavy power on all those shots. &gt;&gt; He's landed 95 power punches. 43%. &gt;&gt; Hands are free. I I got you. &gt;&gt; See what's coming up next there. Josh Taylor to feimo Lopez &gt;&gt; junior welterweight world championship. You know Max opened up. He said listen whatever organizations this or that. The guy won all four belts. He never lost him in the ring. 19 and0 Josh Taylor vacated three of the belts just to get a fight that he wanted. And here he is getting a real big name in Tapimo Lopez at this place. There's a right hand that drives Cruz back and Zas in control here. Closing moments of round seven as he's headunting against Cruz. Another right hand lance. &gt;&gt; All right. It ain't over yet. They ain't over yet. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Eighth and final round between Zas and Cruz. Remember, he came out to that ring log &gt;&gt; sung by Carion saying, "If you can dream it, you can achieve it." Well, he's got big dreams ahead. He's got to take step by step in his progression for the 20-year-old prospects. &gt;&gt; I think this is a great opportunity for Xander Ziaz to put an exclamation point on this performance. Cruz up to this point hasn't shown that he's got the chops to press Z or put him in a dangerous position. So why not step on the gas and close strong if you're Zas &gt;&gt; though Zas did give up a lot of energy threw a lot of punches all throughout the last round and he finished strong too so he's still trying to get his breath back. &gt;&gt; He gave me the sense that he was trying to do what you're saying in the last round. He had a fight height 37 punches landed in round seven and 33 of those 37 were power shots. So that was his fight high. 37 punches landed last, &gt;&gt; but he's young. He's 20. &gt;&gt; Yes, he can. He'll be all right. &gt;&gt; He's allowed to work. &gt;&gt; He's all right. He He'll be all right this round. &gt;&gt; Zas lands the right shot. He can get the referee to stop this fight. The referee was looking very closely at Cruz in that last exchange. He needs that one or two piece that snaps the head back that might get the referee's attention. I mean, to be halfway through the eighth round and to know that Cruz has already absorbed 125 power punches, you can understand why Willis is given that look. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. Stop, stop, stop. Okay, I got you. &gt;&gt; Mean left hook. &gt;&gt; Oh, consistently, Dre. He's landed 63 body punches. &gt;&gt; That's what Cruz is going to be feeling for the next three or four days more than any head shot. It's the body shots to the left and the right side. &gt;&gt; How do you explain that feeling to the layman Drake? &gt;&gt; I don't like it. It's disrespectful. It feels very disrespectful. Feels unfair. And Cruz has taken far too many. Credit to him for standing up, but he's going to pay for it the next few days. Now Xander goes up top. &gt;&gt; Here comes the 30 second burst from Zas. Can feel it coming on. Let's see if he can how he can close. &gt;&gt; Two punch combination to the head. &gt;&gt; And Cruz should be punching right with him. &gt;&gt; That's where the opportunity lies instead. That high guard covering up and he eats and he takes more. Good offensive performance tonight from Xander Zas. Still put some things to work on, Dre says, and the other aspects of the game as well as varying up the punches and the pace, but exactly what you would expect from Xander Zas against a 31-year-old veteran, an 18 win veteran who was feeling very confident. And Zas made a statement right away in round number one. Solid, consistent, workmanlike performance from Xander Zires. And it all started with those right hands and left hooks and body blows. Those are the kind of clean shots that Cruz continued to eat all night long. Good exchange from both guys right there, but it was just too little and too infrequent from Cruz to really get any respect or cause any damage on Zas. And in the meantime, Zas continue to do what he does best. rip shots to the head. Loves to finish with that uppercut and even to the body. The chops of Cruz should be bruised. He's going to feel these body shots for the next few days. He gave up too many shots. Credit to him for standing up. But you can't let a young 20-year-old strong guy like Zaz tea off on you to the body and to the head all night long. Ladies and gentlemen, here inside the theater at Madison Square Garden after eight rounds, we go to the judges scorecards for the official decision. John McCay, Alan Nace, and Robin Taylor all score the bout 80-71 for your winner by unanimous decision, who this evening also receives the Miguel Cotto Award in honor of the Puerto Rican Day parade here in New York City. And still the NABF and NABO Junior Middleweight Champion XANDER ZIONA Pride here on Puerto Rican Day Parade Weekend. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome inside the American Bank Center here in beautiful Corpus Christi, Texas. This is Boxing. This is Top Rank presented by Hall of Fame boxing promoter Mr. Bob Arum. Brought to you this evening by AutoZone. Get in the zone and bite Bud Light the official beer of celebrations. This bout is scheduled for 10 rounds for the NABO NABF junior middleweight titles. Our judges at ringside, Chris Flores, Hector Gonzalez, and Jesse. And the man in charge at the sound of the bell, Mr. Mark Nelson. Introducing first out of the blue corner. He weighed in at 153.4 4 lb wearing red trunks with white and green trim. His record 21 victories with four defeats. 20 of those victories coming by way of knockout from Aua Prieta SONORO MEXICO ROBERTO ELVO VALENUELA JR. Introducing out of the red corner. He weighed in at 153.7 lbs. Wearing white trunks with red and blue trim. His record perfect. 16 fights, 16 victories. 10 of those victories coming by way of knockout from San Juan Puerto Rico, Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Gentlemen, as we discussed earlier, punches right here on the belt are not considered low. You had your instructions in the dressing room. You both know what I expect. A clean championship fight. Just obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Good luck. &gt;&gt; Referee Steve Mark Nelson cleared the air. He said, "This is what I'm going to consider a low blow. This is the belt line for Xander Zas against Roberto Valenuela." And Xander said, "Look, I have an opponent in front of me who comes forward. I'm getting better and I need wins like this to get me to the highest level." &gt;&gt; And he also has an opponent in that he's facing that had two months prepared for him. &gt;&gt; Yes, this isn't a short notice fight. This is a dangerous fight for the young Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; And Valenuela told us, "Look, I've been in against real fighters, not just prospects like Zas, and I've hurt them." He lost to Alexis Roachchop but by stoppage but other than that three of his four losses have come against undefeated opponents and Zas is exactly that undefeated coming in tonight. You can see already Zas already shown respect. You see his eyes wide open wide open. He he feels those punches already. You know when you're starting off and you want to feel the power of your your your opponent, you'll let them hit you on the gloves. You'll feel it. You can feel it. Literally feel it. You felt it, but look at his eyes. Look how focused, laser focused he is. &gt;&gt; Well, he told us in the fighter meetings, I feel better. Competition elevates me. It keeps me focused. I know I can't make a mistake. This guy has 20 knockouts. It means he can crack. But these are the fights that make me better. And when I have a guy who pushes me to be better, he comes in with the mindset to win. I can catch him with a left hook and send him down. &gt;&gt; What a what a play shot right there. A wellplaced shot. &gt;&gt; Second time that Valenuela Jr. has been down. The other was against Alexis Roachcha. He lost that fight by technical knockout in the fifth round. What can Zas do? Because Tim, the Puerto Rican fans showed out here in Corpus Christi. &gt;&gt; You heard the crowd. There was a lot of Puerto Rican fans in the crowd and Mexican crowd cheering for Xander Zas when they introduced him. &gt;&gt; That stick from Xander Zas. He's disciplined. He's focused. He looks like laser sharp right now. &gt;&gt; But you see he's not taking chances right now, which is good because it's still early. You know, that knockdown was somewhat of a flash knockdown. And now they count fl even flash knockdowns like that. They counted eight 810 round. So this is the clear 810 round for Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's a slip and then a right hook. And down goes Vala Jr. again. &gt;&gt; He did hook him. &gt;&gt; Seven. Come here. &gt;&gt; Now a 10-7 round. &gt;&gt; That's a 10-7 round. &gt;&gt; That was somewhat controversial, but got to protect yourself at all times. The Texas Commission is not using instant replay tonight, so that cannot be reviewed. &gt;&gt; I like what Xander's doing. I like his faints. He's trying to draw something. He's trying to get Valenuela to show his cards. Show that right hand. Show that power. He's looking to take it away from him, but I love his patience. I love his poise. He's not rushing things. &gt;&gt; Excellent start for Xander Zas in his 17th professional fight against the dangerous Valenuela. &gt;&gt; A 10-se round. The first knockdown looked clean, a left hook, but the second one, no replay, could have changed things. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the first knockdown was a short crisp. Looked like it was a up jab right there from beautiful shot. See that's double impact. The reason why that has so much effect was because Valenuela was coming forward. But the second knockdown right here, you see it was a push down from Xander Zas and the referee. There's no instant replay now. So he can't go over here and review it to overturn it. So that's a 107 round for Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Their feet got tangled and then the right hand landed when Valenzuela was in a vulnerable position. Oh, he hurt him again with the &gt;&gt; time though. Xander Zas lands clean and it's once again that double impact that you described Tim with Valenuela coming in and Zia's timing him perfectly. &gt;&gt; Yes, it's a head-on collision. Think about it. Your momentum's coming forward and the punch is meeting you and it's meeting you at the same time. And that's the reason why those jabs are having so much effect on Venice. &gt;&gt; Zia's ranked number five by the WBO at 154 lbs. You see the legs that Zaz has, how he creates angles of attack and then immediately ties up Valenuela. &gt;&gt; See a little blood right there high on the head of Valenuela on the right side. &gt;&gt; It's from the nose, I think, and and it comes up on the glove. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Nice right hand there from Venuela. That's what you said we had to watch out for tonight. &gt;&gt; The right hand of Valenuela is dangerous. He's flattened a lot of guys, 21 of his opponents with that right hand. &gt;&gt; Well, 20 of 21, but he wants to make it 21 tonight. &gt;&gt; And Zia's very attentive. The eyes tell the story as you mentioned early on in this fight. Tim, the focus of Xander has to be on point because any mistake and Valenuela will make you pay. That's a slip or a pull down for Zas. That shows you how strong Xander Zas is. He's physically strong. 21 years old now. Getting his man bones on. &gt;&gt; He's maturing. That muscle is starting to mature. You seeing it? Seeing how he's able to throw down Valenuela and he's hitting him with an hour jab and it's really rocking Valenuela. It's hurting him. It's buzzing him just for a split second. &gt;&gt; The irony is Valenuela Jr. told us, "Look, my last opponent, Mera Zalv, was bigger and stronger than Z Xander, and I was able to take his shots." Well, apparently not. &gt;&gt; You could see the footwork of Zia is really bothering Venezuela. He's not there to be hit. &gt;&gt; And the speed the speed difference between the two. The younger Z is is quicker quicker on the trigger. He can get his punches there. Valenuela, he needs you to sit still to be able to sit down on his punches and have power. Excellent start for Xander Zas after two rounds. We remind you that 10-sec round opening up the fight with a two knockdowns and then a good second round against the rugged and dangerous Roberto Valenuela Jr. here. Bernardo Suna alongside Timothy Bradley and Mark Creel on the call from Corpus Christie, Texas. Tonight, Joet Gonzalez getting his gloves signed off in the locker rooms. He will challenge for the featherweight world title for a third time. And I expect to see the dog in Joet tonight because last two times he left that little extra in the tank when he should have just emptied the tank. &gt;&gt; You better bring that dog tonight. I mean, this is your third opportunity at the World Championship. You say you want it. this has been your dream. Well, this is an opportunity for you. And I think this is the right guy he can do it against as well. He has to stand there. He has to bag this man up. If he can bag up Lopez all night and put the pressure on him and force him to a place that he's never been, he can win this fight. But if he sits on the outside, he tries to box, he's not going to win this fight. &gt;&gt; Alberto Lopez, the IBF champion, making the seventh defense, second defense of his world title. He had a spectacular first defense, knocking out Irish Olympian Mick Conlin in Belfast with a brutal right uppercut. He'll try to deliver the first knockout loss in Joed Gonzalez career. You see the blood now over the right eyelid of Valenuela. This is exactly what the matchmakers wanted to see from Xander Zayas. They wanted to see good defense. And I know it's early on and there's still a lot of fight left, but they wanted to see good defense. They wanted him to slow down the pace a bit. They want him to be able to pick his shots, be a complete professional. &gt;&gt; And that's what you're seeing tonight. &gt;&gt; Short left hook there from Xander's eyes, Tim. And it's target practice at this time. And you know what it's like to see a man bleeding and how you want to go after him. I've seen Valenuela Jr. shake off his right hand several times. Have to keep an eye on that. See if it's injured. And you can see that blood dripping down in the eye, impairing the vision a little bit. You see Valenuela rubbing his eye occasionally trying to clear his vision. See, anytime Xander gets in space and he stands still for a minute, it's dangerous for him. He has to keep moving his leg side to side and make sure he gets his head off the line once he sees that right hand comes as you as he did there. Now, Valenuela, he has to do what he needs to do to try to get close and make this fight rough and tough for Xander Zia. Xander is having his way right now and Xander has to conserve and be keep his composure, I should say, keep his composure and don't get into a firefight with Valenuela. You hear the Mexico chants and you will hear them in our main event because IBF champion Luis Alberto Lopez, he took an unconventional route to this title, traveling overseas to beat hometown favorites. &gt;&gt; I mean, you know, his soccer background actually helps him inside the ring. You know, he has this like bull rush type of offense where he would unleash a quick combination with blazing fast hands plus on top of that with power and from odd angles. So, he's unconventional, you know, and sometimes being unconventional, it gives conventional fighters, boxing styles, problems, &gt;&gt; you know. They nickname him Elveno because he was fast, but he's got those soccer player legs and he lunges with those. He jumps in the air sometimes. He leaves his feet sometimes. &gt;&gt; That's what deer do. &gt;&gt; Elven. So, you'll see that in tonight's main event following Zas Valenuela with Zas having an excellent showing so far. a cut on the bridge of the nose of Roberto Valenuela Jr. and Tim. Blood sometimes brings out the urgency in fighters and you see Valenuela pawing at that cut and the blood on his gloves is now transferring to the face of Xander Zas. That's a that's a hard cut to stop bleeding. &gt;&gt; It is right on the bridge of the nose. The mouthpiece came flying out replaced by referee Mark Nelson. Very difficult to stop that. &gt;&gt; As Venuela tries to land the over and head right, he has counter with a left hook. &gt;&gt; Anything close on the bone or the the cartilage, it's always difficult to stop Lee. Even punches on top of the head is stop are hard to stop Lee. &gt;&gt; Wouldn't be Mexican Independence Day weekend without a bloody crimson mask inside the ring. And tonight it's Valenuela who gets to wear it at the hands of Puerto Rico Xander Zayas. &gt;&gt; Xander Zas is laser focused tonight. He's sharp. &gt;&gt; We hadn't seen this level of focus in in a while now. &gt;&gt; No. And and another thing that j that jab is vicious. They might stop this fight with the bleeding &gt;&gt; over here. Going to the neutral corner getting it checked out by the doctor here. &gt;&gt; He's fine. Texas just need to wipe it off. It looks bad but he's fine. It's just the amount of blood &gt;&gt; and they worry about that. &gt;&gt; They do. &gt;&gt; He's going to stop it. He says &gt;&gt; you got to let the You got to let the &gt;&gt; corner do their work. Corner do their job. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; He says he can see. &gt;&gt; What's your medical opinion? &gt;&gt; Watch it. &gt;&gt; What's your medical opinion? &gt;&gt; I don't think it's going to stop. &gt;&gt; Let's watch it. Time &gt;&gt; Valento Jun a true fighter says I don't want to stop it. Let's do this and let's see what happens. Because once you tell a fighter that they may stop the fight, they might go all out. &gt;&gt; You got to at least give the corner the puck man in the corner an opportunity to stop the to stop the bleeding. &gt;&gt; All right, Mark, you're with the doctor. What did he tell you? &gt;&gt; Well, Dr. Michael Fuentes took a good long look at as you say. I said, "Hey, is his nose broken?" Did you see there's so much blood there? He goes, "I think it probably is." &gt;&gt; Well, what we do know for sure, whether it's broken or not, there's a huge gash on the bridge of his nose. That's not going to stop bleeding, &gt;&gt; especially if Zas keeps targeting it with that jab. And once again, the doctor's going to come up. He wanted to stop it earlier. You see the blood on the face of referee Mark Nelson. He says, "I can see He says, "I don't care if I have a broken nose. &gt;&gt; I want to fight." &gt;&gt; Using the same gauze, by the way, that he started with so sanitary. But says, "I don't care if it's broken. Let me fight." &gt;&gt; Referee's giving him. And the doctor rightfully is giving him every opportunity to finish this round. Allow the corner to go to work. And this is going to be a war for whatever time is left because Valenuela Jr. can get stopped at any time. And he gets clipped and he uses the ropes to stay up here in THE FOURTH ROUND. AND ZAS IS GOING TO WORK. Left hook from Xander Zas. Another left hook. Doubles up. THE XANDER'S EYES. NOW HE GOES DOWNSTAIRS. VENEZUELA SAYS, "COME ON AND WE WILL." &gt;&gt; We're going to stop the fight. &gt;&gt; They were arguing in the corner saying, "Look, the cut is under his eyes. He conceded." That's their argument for allowing the fight to continue. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but they're worried about the amount of blood that the fighter is losing. That's what they're worried about. And the man who stopped the bleeding was Danny Danny Carbajal, the brother of former world champion Michael Carbajal, the Dr. Lenor. Now Xander Zas is going to go to work. Valenuela got caught up in the ropes last round. It could have been a knockdown. No replay in effect here in Texas. &gt;&gt; Oh, not at all. It should be in effect, but beautiful shot right there from Xander off the back foot catching Valenuela. Valenuelum catching himself on the ropes right there, but that nose is starting to bleed even more. This fight's going to be stopped here shortly. &gt;&gt; I I agree with that. Nice left uppercut, the jab. There it is. It's going to be over. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; I mean, Valenuela Jr. like a true warrior, wants to continue, but referee Mark Nelson says this fight is over. He was dropped twice in the first round. One a clean knockdown. The second a controversial one, but nonetheless, it was a fact that referee Mark Nelson believed that it was affecting his vision, repairing his vision. That was a lot of blood to deal with. &gt;&gt; You know, when it was splatting around and every time he got hit, you know, he was trying to clear his eyes. &gt;&gt; Top Rank Boxing on ESPN is brought to you by Geico. See how easy it is to bundle all your insurance needs. I don't think they sell health insurance, but Roberto Venezuela Jr. is definitely going to have to go get stitched up because that was a bad cut. And the Mexico Puerto Rico rivalry on this occasion on Mexican Independence Day weekend goes the way of Xander Ziz who at 21 years old improves to 17-0, 11 knockouts, his first victory as a full-fledged 21-year-old adult. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I love it. I loved every minute of this performance. young man put on a fantastic display of boxing skills. He was patient. He showed poise. He set up his shots. He wasn't rushing tonight. His legs looked strong. He did a lot of great things in this ring tonight. And that's the reason why we were able to see this type of performance from this young man. But look at that shot right there. Just a jab. A stiff stiff shotgun-like jab. He fought when he needed to fight. He was aggressive, physical when he needed to be physical. He landed clean, effective counter punches off the back foot, off the front foot. But the highlight for me was that pistol jab. That is a professional effective jab right there. Judges will count this type of work from a jab. No doubt about it. But you see the angles right there. Had he veered off on the angles. A lot of great things from these young men. I'm telling you right now, the next star of Puerto Rican Puerto Ricans for Puerto Rico. No doubt about it. Um I want to see more. I I mean I wish the fight could have continued, man. It was so good, you know, and Valenuela, I mean, he gave a gain a gain effort. He wanted to continue fearless. He came forward and he I think he still would have been in this fight right now if the referee wouldn't have stopped the fight. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Roberto Valenuela Jr. is a Mexican warrior. He came to fight tonight. He even said, "I don't care if my nose is broken. It could be falling over. &gt;&gt; Let it be broken. Just let me continue to fight." He argued a lot of times, Tim, the doctor and the referee will come to the corner and a fighter looks for a way out. Yes. He was looking for a way back in. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Absolutely. So you I mean, you got to you got to respect, you know, that courage that he has. And I'm going to tell you right now, if this eye was popping out, no doubt about it, with the heart that Valenuela has, he would have said, "I don't care. Put the eye back in. I want to go back out here and I want to finish this fight." &gt;&gt; But you know what? The adults in the room did the right thing tonight, protecting Roberto Venuela. the official time of the knockout with Mark Shinook. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here inside American Bank Center referee Mark Nelson calls a stop to this bout at 42 seconds of round number five for your winner by technical knockout. And still the NABO NABF junior middleweight champion Xander Zas. So Xander Zas gets his 17th victory, 11th knockout after a streak of the &gt;&gt; Introducing first out of the blue corner. He weighed in at 153.7 lbs wearing black trunks with gold trim. His record 24 victories with three defeats and one draw. Nine of those victories coming by way of knockout from Sue Kunidad Valencia, Spain, OR FOR Introducing Out of the Red Corner. He weighed in at 153.6 6 lb wearing white, red, and blue trunks. His record perfect 17 fights, 17 victories. 11 of those victories coming by way of knockout. He is the WBO number two ranked junior middleweight contender, but he is the reigning and defending NABO AND NABF JUNIOR MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPION FROM SAN JUAN PUERTO RICO. ANDERS, San Juan, Puerto Rico, but grew up in his teen years in high school years just up the road in Sunrise, Florida. Tim Bradley, the story of Xander Zas being a precocious prospect has been well told. He signed a promotional contract with Top Rank when he was only 16 years old. So, this is a guy who then turns pro just after his 17th birthday. We've had eyes on him forever. Yes, he's 21. Yes, he's graduating from prospect to contender. But every step of the way has been scrutinized. Where is he now? from his last performance test. I can just tell you this. He found two potions. Being calm and also being patient. When you're calm inside the ring, you're able to see things coming. You're able to be calm in the storm. When there's a fire going on, you're able to land your punches, you're able to think, you're able to throw things what we call down. &gt;&gt; Let's see if he uses that tonight. Test. &gt;&gt; He's in there with a live dog tonight. Well, Forte is a 14-year veteran, so he's got the experience. Zas was only seven years old when Jorge was turning pro. 14 years experience. That's a lot of experience. He's a 12 round fighter. Tess, he's coming into this battle off of beating a undefeated fighter. So, he's confident and he's known about this matchup for 5 months. For 5 months, Tess, he's been training for Xander Zayas. That was against Ishmael Flores. The fight that you cited happened back at the end of April back home in Madrid, Spain. This is now for Jorge his second fight in the US. Last fought in the US in Vegas in 2019 and he lost the 12th round decision. &gt;&gt; Tess, look at the physique of the young man Xandra Zas. 21 years old. He's maturing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, he's always been impressive physically and he's still even g we talked to him yesterday. He said, "Listen, I'm still gathering my manstroke." &gt;&gt; He is, but at 21 years old, he looks good. His back is filling out. His legs look strong. He's seems like he's hitting a lot harder now. Sitting down more on his punches. &gt;&gt; That jab, that's a power jab. That's what you &gt;&gt; There's a clash of heads on the inside as both men came forward with right hands. A power jab is pushing off that back foot, putting all the weight behind you onto your jab. &gt;&gt; Chopping down with a left hand. Forte tries to come back and just meet him with a left hook. &gt;&gt; See, Forte, he's a well-rounded fighter. He likes to counter punch. likes to fight off his back foot, but also if he needs to come forward and take risks. He has that ability also. But right now, what he's trying to do, he's trying to counter punch the young man. He's waiting on a mistake. He's looking for a mistake from Xander. &gt;&gt; Excellent combination from Xander. He was probing with the jab, doubled it up, and then let go with four punches. &gt;&gt; I can see he did his homework for Teao. He's did his homework because Xander's eyes, he has a he has a tendency of admiring his work. He would get off combinations and he'll stay there just a second long. &gt;&gt; Body shot. Finish that combination and it SCORES A KNOCKDOWN. OH, A WELLPLACED BODY SHOT BY XANDER. &gt;&gt; WHAT A GREAT COMBINATION TO CLOSE OUT ROUND ONE. KNOCKDOWN SCORED BY THE YOUNG UNDEFEATED star &gt;&gt; Xander Zayas was able to place this body shot. You see Forta right there unleashing the combination and you see the small little scene in there. You see being able to punch in between. You have to be calm. You have to be patient to be able to see that opportunity to be able to land a shot like that right in the solar plex fore. Perfectly placed body shot by the young Xander Zayas. &gt;&gt; Can't start hotter than that. He scored two first round knockdowns back on September 15th against Roberto Valenuela. That fight ended in five. You see the total punches in the first round. A 14-3 connect advantage. Eight power punches including that knockdown score with the left to the body. &gt;&gt; Williams trying to sweep across it again. Tim, &gt;&gt; he's looking for it. Forte is a old veteran. He knows how to survive now. But if I'm Xander Zas and I'm his team, I'm his coach, I'm letting him know, I need you to continue to go downstairs, try to find that spot. Trust me, it's still sensitive right now. And that's exactly what he's doing right now. Tess, young man's looking spectacular right now in front of his home fans. A right hand clipped him that time. just trying to create a little bit of space, but you can hear the roar. Anything that Zas does, they are ready to explode here at this soldout venue just outside of Miami about 15 minutes away from where Xander trains and lives. Backs him up in the corner, goes back with the left hand, partially blocked by that right elbow of Forte. &gt;&gt; Sweeps around with an overhand right. There you go. &gt;&gt; See, Forte can't match the output right now for the young gun. But what he's trying to do, he's trying to depend on timing. He's using the high guard to try to entice offense and he's looking for an opportunity, a low point and the offense of Xander to be able to land a shot. &gt;&gt; Sam Bergus, the referee, was coming in prior to what happened at the end of that exchange. &gt;&gt; That's just amazing to me how the young Xander Zayas, how physically strong he is. Forte is physically strong. &gt;&gt; OH, GOOD RIGHT HAND. RIGHT HAND COMES IN from Xander. &gt;&gt; The work rate from Xander. &gt;&gt; It's patient, but it's urgent at the same time. I don't know if you understand me, but it's patient and it's urgent. He's staying on top of Forte. Come on. &gt;&gt; He's not allowing him to rest. He's draining him physically and also mentally by putting the pressure on him and making him fight at a pace that he can't fight at or sustain. &gt;&gt; For trying to gather himself with a double jab, but then Zas is right on top of him again. And now he comes into that pocket and he digs with the left hand to the body again. Corte, if I'm tell if I'm in this corner, I'm letting him know. I'm saying, "Hey, we need to check and see if if he's holding the phone." &gt;&gt; When he's in there and he's unleashing combinations, throw your left hook. Throw your left hook. See if his head is there. See if he's holding that phone. &gt;&gt; And of two. Tremendous start for Zas. Carrington is a rising star in the featherweight division, Timmy. And we are going to have a featherweight world title fight coming up in our main event. &gt;&gt; Round number three here to this point. Xander Zas with a 38-8 connect advantage having scored the knockdown in round number one against Forte. Xander is a lot quicker than Forte. He's a lot physically he's a physically stronger than Forte and he's punching harder than Forte. &gt;&gt; For Forta to get in this fight, he's going to have to choose his poison. He's going to have to either stand there and battle back, look for opportunities to punch in between &gt;&gt; or he going to have to get on his bike, change things up a bit. He's standing directly in front of Zas. &gt;&gt; Bernardo in Fortza's corner. Sento Martinez says, "I need you to get off the ropes. Walk towards your left because of the damage done to the body." &gt;&gt; Right hand. &gt;&gt; Good right hand right there from Forte. &gt;&gt; See, when he lets his hands go, he has success. He has to believe in himself. He has to let those punches go because if he doesn't Xander will &gt;&gt; short right hand as he created just a little separation there was not the break from Samos. There's a good example of just letting those hands go. &gt;&gt; See he covers up and the first thing that Xander does is he throws off that uppercut. &gt;&gt; Yes, he did. &gt;&gt; Trying to work behind the jab with a sweeping right hand. That's off the mark. &gt;&gt; Three-punch combination, &gt;&gt; right? Young Guns got away from the body. Don't understand why it was working for you. &gt;&gt; Sold out crowd chancing Puerto Rico. &gt;&gt; Two local favorites, homecoming fights for Xander here and then Rai Ramirez in our title fight. &gt;&gt; Good combinations right there. Tess X Sanders occasionally falling in. That's why he's getting caught. He'll fall in after his combination. He'll stay there for a little bit too long. And you see Forta, he'll he'll he'll land here and there &gt;&gt; with the one two. There it is again. Got perfectly timed over the top right there from right hand from Fora. That right hand got in around the corner. &gt;&gt; Forte has the punch back. Test. He has to punch back. &gt;&gt; He's being outgunned at this point as we come to the end of three. Heisman night. Great tradition in recent boxing history. &gt;&gt; Round number four scheduled for 10. Xander Zas in complete control against the veteran Jorge Cortea, the 21-year-old undefeated junior middleweight. You see there an exclusive state of boxing coming up late night tonight on ESPN Plus. We're going to do that to serve you, the fan, following the WBC junior welterweight title fight that's taking place elsewhere on another network, Reg's program and Devin Haney. Devin Haney, the recent undisputed lightweight champion. We're going to stick around and give you full analysis and all the post-fight recap from our crew here in Florida. That's the state of boxing on ESPN Plus at the conclusion of the entire night of boxing. &gt;&gt; Tess Forte has taken a lot of damage. There's a lot of swelling around his eyes and I didn't even see the corner even apply any type of inswell on those eyes. They were late with everything after that third round. Simply getting them settled on school, getting water uh to your point &gt;&gt; of trying to reduce the swelling on the right eye as well as a little bit under the left eye, but that has been caused by the offensive output of Zas who has landed 39 power punches. &gt;&gt; That ends well does wonders. &gt;&gt; Short right hands. &gt;&gt; It keeps the fighter in the fight as well. &gt;&gt; Forte was trying to roll with it. Another body punch comes in. Left uppercut splits the guard from Zas. He has looked really sharp offensively, Timmy. &gt;&gt; Offensively, defensively as well. Good step back right there from Xander. &gt;&gt; One of the best defense right there. We talk about slipping, rolling, &gt;&gt; bobbing and weaving. When you do that, it keeps you in range. And that's what you're seeing right now from from uh Forao. He's staying in range bobbing and weaving and if you throw combinations at him, something will eventually land. &gt;&gt; You know, it's interesting getting in the conversation about the corner of Forte because Sento Martinez, who's the chief second, he's the lead trainer, is also the cup man and there was so much for him to deal with after the onslaught the first three rounds. He's the guy responsible for dealing with that swelling. He does have an end swell. Bernardo has seen it. He just didn't have it or use it after the last round. Well, it's important, especially in a fight of this magnitude, to have a good cut man. If it's going to be your head trainer, he's going to have to be on top of it. A lot of times when you see a head trainer be a cutman also, it's it's it's cutting corners, but it's saving the fighter money. Cutman usually get about 2% of the purse of the fighter. Now, if you pay your trainer 10%, you don't you don't have to worry about the 2%. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you got to win a fight. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Absolutely. Choose your poison test. Choose your poison. &gt;&gt; Another combination from Zas &gt;&gt; as we come to the end of round number four. Remember, featherweight world title fights still to come your way. &gt;&gt; I know this will surprise you fellas. I got 40-35. Four rounds to none with the knockdown for Xander Z. It bodess well for a fight with former champion Patrick Terara which is already signed, sealed, apparently delivered February at Madison Square Garden. &gt;&gt; But still business to be accomplished here as we start round number five. You see the ESPN bet live money and Zas obviously came in a favorite but then you score the knockdown round number one a significant minus 5,000 per 100 favorite on the live money line for Xander Zas &gt;&gt; told us yesterday he said it's time to put on a show Tim said I'm ready I'm happy I'm in a good place physically and mentally but I am going to put on a show against a guy who has real experience &gt;&gt; and that's what he's doing right now he's definitely putting on a Fora being extremely economical. He's not throwing too many punches right now. Being defensively responsible. And you see the stab jab coming from Xander. He's trying to bring down the defense of Forte and trying to sneak something over the top. &gt;&gt; Where does the opportunity lie for Forte? &gt;&gt; The opportunity lies for him. He has to get aggressive. He has to make the hands go. He has to let his hands go. Anytime he let his hands go, they will find their way home. &gt;&gt; It's not like Xander is running. He's not moving anywhere. &gt;&gt; There's your second knockdown of the night. &gt;&gt; I missed it. I looked at you, Tess. Is that a body shot? &gt;&gt; It was a body shot, Timmy. And it was devastating. And this fight is over. Two for two. Go to the body and seal it for Xander Zas in front of his home fans. Take a bow, young man. You did it. Impressive stuff right there, Tess. There was a reason why he went away from it. He didn't want to go to it too often. He attacked the head and then when he placed that body shot downstairs, he wasn't ready for it. Beautiful setup right there by the young man's &gt;&gt; one of his best performances in his career. &gt;&gt; Yes, it was. He has graduated from prospect to contender at 154 pounds. That his third fight in 2023. These fans are absolutely loving what they saw. Exactly what he said he would do, what he intended to do, and he did it. Yes, he did. He did it in great fashion, too. You know, I I always worry about his mental state because he's an emotional kid. You know, I was wondering if the crowd was going to make him do things that he shouldn't do, but it didn't. That didn't affect him tonight, Tess. &gt;&gt; Let's show you how he finished it off. Went back to the body here in round five. I missed it. Now I'm looking at it now. Nice jab right there. You see him set it up. Beautiful shot right there. Double left hook. He went to the head. He opened the door. Here it is. Head. snuck it right behind the guard. Beautiful shot right there from Xander. &gt;&gt; First body shot in the first round was right to the midsection. This one wrapped around and hit on that button. Right to that liver right in that soft spot. So Xander Zas now 18-0 with 12 knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here inside the Charles F. Dodge City Center. This bout comes to a conclusion at 1 minute. 37 seconds of round number five. Career winner by knockout. And still the NABO and NABF Junior Middleweight Champion Xander Z. 27 body punches landed. Two of them scored knockdown. The last one scored a knockout. There it is in real time. Piercing Viper strike to the liver. We will hear from Xander Zas coming off his knockout victory after this short break. Introducing first out of the blue corner presented in association with Legacy Sports Management with head trainer Roy Jones Jr. He weighed in at 153.2 2 lb wearing blue trunks with orange and white trim. His record perfect. 20 fights, 20 victories. 11 of those victories coming by way of knockout FROM GERMANY. SLAVA SPMER. Introducing out of the red corner with head trainer Hyel Santenno. He weighed in at 153.2 lb wearing pink and white trunks. His record perfect 20 fights, 20 victories. 12 of those victories coming by way of knockout. He is ranked number one by the WBO AT 154 POUNDS. He is THE REIGNING DEFENDING NABF NABO JUNIOR MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPION FROM SAN JUAN, PUERTO RICO, Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Good evening, SL. Good evening, Alexander. Gentlemen, you both know the rules. Obey my command to protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves now. Come on, fight and get the belt. &gt;&gt; Slava Spulmer, who lives in Germany, is trained by Roy Jones Jr. It is their first fight together. They've been together in recent weeks. Roy says, "I don't waste my time with just anybody. I put him through tough sparring. He can handle anything." We had a great visit with one of the all-time greats guys, a guy obviously we've known for many many years and it's just so interesting to think that Slava landed in his lap in a situation like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, certain it's certain situations sometimes happen. Slava, it's always been his dream. He told us that he was a huge fan of Roy Jones and he says now he's my trainer. However, what Roy said he liked about him was his toughness, his grit. That's what he liked about him. His determination. &gt;&gt; Tess, you can't teach that. Nope. Can't teach that. Got to It's all It's in you. &gt;&gt; Right now, Spalmer getting off to a quick start. You see how composed Xander Zas is. He's comfortable inside the trenches. He's okay with fighting fire with fire. He's okay with standing his ground at mid-range and inside. And there's blood already from the nose of Small. &gt;&gt; He just came over the top with that left hand. It was also a long range right hand. So, some early blood. And you can see the blood coming right from the nose of Slava. &gt;&gt; Again, nice head movement right there. Changing slots, changing levels as well from Xander Zas. Nice faint right there as well. just breaking up his rhythm, not staying the same. Nice hook on the inside by him as well. Small right now, he's just having problems with just the activity of Xander. Nice uppercut on the inside. Yeah, that's a part of the game plan. And that's when you know early on when you're able to you see a fighter start to land punches. It's part of the game plan. It's punches that he's been working on. That uppercut as Spalmer tends to lean over that front knee is what Xander is looking for. &gt;&gt; The left hook went across the belt line &gt;&gt; and he gets the warning from Charlie Fitch the referee. &gt;&gt; Good start by Xander Zas. Oh, &gt;&gt; control to good with that good jab and counter punching. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; nice bump right there from Xander. Something he added to his arsenal. There's a right hand from Xander and tried to dig underneath with that left uppercut. This is a fine looking first round. &gt;&gt; Xander getting off to a quick start, too. &gt;&gt; He is. They But that's what I I like about Zander. That's what makes him different, you know, in this division is his high work rate, &gt;&gt; high energy type of fighters, and he's defensively sound at the same time. Now, you &gt;&gt; look at it from a lower position right there. Nice body shot on the inside, head down, and just looped it right over the top. A signature shot right there from Jenner Zayas. You don't know why you want to wonder why that shot is so perfect, perfectly thrown by him is he's left-handed. He's fighting he's fighting orthodox, but he's left-handed, naturally left-handed. &gt;&gt; And when you get that, when somebody's naturally left-handed, but they fight in that orthodox stance, man, that left hook, that jab, it becomes a real weapon. He landed seven power punches in that first round. That left hand over the top, the best of them. But Jav Santenno, his trainer, who he's been with throughout his career, said, "Do not abandon the jab." By the way, he outlanded him 20-6 in that first round. So that means that Xander Zas, who's never been outlanded by an opponent in terms of total punches, now through 92 professional rounds, an opponent has never outlanded Xander Zas. &gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah, that high work rate is going to win him a lot of fights. &gt;&gt; You know, when you have a high work rate like that, it puts fighters on the defensive. &gt;&gt; There's the four division world champion, the fighter of the decade in the 90s. Roy Jones Jr., the trainer of Slava Spmer. &gt;&gt; Speed and accuracy of Xander's eyes. Oh, nice. &gt;&gt; That's a good combination from Spmer. &gt;&gt; Your turn. Now we talking. &gt;&gt; Hands high. Stay ready. &gt;&gt; Palmer's a little bit unconventional, &gt;&gt; you know, in his approach and he throws shots from odd angles like that. &gt;&gt; Stay sharp. Stay sharp. 16 sharp. Don't pull back. &gt;&gt; 16 sharp. There you go. There you go. Good. Don't punch us together. &gt;&gt; Put them together. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good face. Good face. &gt;&gt; Keep the face up. &gt;&gt; That's just a little access to let you hear from the legend Roy Jones Jr. as he's the trainer for the first fight together with Slava Spmer. Yeah, it's obvious that Spmer has to close the distance. As long as he stays standing mid-range to outside, the quicker the longer arms of Zas is going to give him issues, going to give him problems. And even right there, that shows you the looseness of Xander Zas. As Palmer, he gets in the range he wants to get to, but he's throwing punches at the air. Xander is nowhere to be found. defense has taken Spalmer completely out of the fight completely. &gt;&gt; See both the footwork and the upper body movement from Zas there. Spmer came forward coming to the end of two our co- feature prior to the world title fight that distinct ceiling at the theater at Madison Square Garden. Round number three of our co- future. Two undefeated fighters meeting up. All the promise and hype surrounding Xander Zas. And in that last round, you were commenting onto his defensive prowess, Timmy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You want to take your your opponent out out of the fight defense. Defense win championships. No doubt about it. But you see the defensive prowess of Xander Zay is not allowing Spalmer to land anything effective on him. He's holding it to 9%. I mean, when comb when you look up at comb box and you see the total percent of punches landed and it's single digits, it's at 9% right now. That's all Spmer has generated. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Most people just they think about punching power, but I I think about the the complete package. And that's the reason why I hold Shaore Stevenson high because defense when you're you can't hit your opposition. I mean, haven't we learned Floyd Mayweather, one of the best defensive fighters of all times? He takes you completely out of the fight. And that's what you're seeing right now from Xander Zas. But the thing that I like about Xander is is that he's there actually to land his offense as well. He ain't running, he's not going anywhere. He's rolling and slipping underneath shots, landing counters, &gt;&gt; and he's landing 34% of his &gt;&gt; Look at that. Nice uppercut on the inside. He's not running away from &gt;&gt; Good combination. finished up with the right hand at the end of it. &gt;&gt; Again, excellent in transition. &gt;&gt; He might not have that one punch knockout power test. However, at least you're getting the show. You get the show with Xander Zas. And again, he's only 22 years old. Oh, he got hit with a big shot right there. Looping right hand. &gt;&gt; Right hand comes in from &gt;&gt; Slavas Fulmer. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Spmer said that he gets hit with right hands. He said that's the money punch for him and he landed one just 10 seconds ago. &gt;&gt; Good body work by Spmer as well. &gt;&gt; Look, it's so obvious to see who's the more skillful fighter. &gt;&gt; That's Xander Zas. You can see the toughness of Spalmer. That's what usually has won him his fights, letting his hands go and just having just brute toughness to come forward and take whatever his opposition is giving him. But tonight, he has a slippery he has a slippery problem inside that ring with the defensive prowess of Zanderas. Good shots right there. &gt;&gt; Joe Tessator and Tim Bradley with you ringside. Bernardo Sununa our reporter and Mark Creel scoring the fight. Xander Zas &gt;&gt; against Slava Spalmer. And you see the power punches and the body shot work of Zas with a 20-2 advantage. He says, "This is the breakthrough fight for me to defeat an undefeated fighter." He said, "I'm so close to the finish line. The main goal of getting a world title shot." &gt;&gt; And he said he hit him low there. So, &gt;&gt; Slava is going to get a full five minutes if he wants it. &gt;&gt; Walk it off over here. Walk off over here. &gt;&gt; Come on. Well, it wasn't intentional, but you got to you got to keep him up. That hit him clearly low. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's all about it right there, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Ouch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, situations like this, I'm taking my time, you know, but most fighters with the toughness of Spalmer, he's going to come right back. I'm going to take my time and let myself recuperate a little bit more. Good &gt;&gt; right hand from Xander. &gt;&gt; Jess Bmer landed his own right hand as well. He landed one earlier during this round. &gt;&gt; Got a piece of it with that left uppercut. &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously you see that Xander doesn't respect the power of Sparmer. That's the reason why he's standing there and he's looking to be to take more risk inside that pocket. Bulmer must not hit that hard. &gt;&gt; See a full day of college basketball action tomorrow on ESPN. The top two teams in the country, Auburn and Alabama. The Iron Bowl on Hardwood starting at 400 p.m. Eastern tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Definitely a technical prowess and the skills of of Xander, which is the difference. And Xander just seems like he's just much bigger, a lot bigger than Spalmer. &gt;&gt; Well, he always has that muscularity and that width across the shoulders and through the back. &gt;&gt; It'll be interesting to see where he ends up in his career as he advances himself and gets his full man strength to him. This 154 lbs. &gt;&gt; Break. No punches. Clean break. Clean break. &gt;&gt; Probably 168. probing with that jab to the midsection. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's looking for a shot over the top. Oh, &gt;&gt; you see the roll under. &gt;&gt; Y scared that defensive. &gt;&gt; Doubled up the left hand there as well. &gt;&gt; Now he's finding a rhythm offensively &gt;&gt; and he's punching in between shots. Tess &gt;&gt; which is hard to do. &gt;&gt; Targeting the body level changes and he's having a really good finish to this fourth round down the stretch. &gt;&gt; Really punishing Small right now. He really is. &gt;&gt; I don't know how many how much more Spalmer is going to be able to take these shots like this if he continues. Referee I'm sure is going to look to stop this match. Remember how much this means to Xander Zas. He says at this stage of his career closing in ON BIG GOALS. &gt;&gt; OH, HE GOT YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN. JUST when Xander was having his best work, &gt;&gt; Zas absolutely dominated the fourth round. And then in the last 10 seconds, Spmer came up with something. Timmy, &gt;&gt; it's taking advantage of the aggression of the opposition in the right hand. He told us that's the shot that he's vulnerable for. And you see him looping. You see that Xander was trying to get more aggressive. if he's going for the knockout. He thought he had him rolling. However, Spalmer, the veteran that he is, set him up for that shot right there. &gt;&gt; But you could understand why Zas had the confidence just, you know, let the hands go. Nothing's coming back. I mean, he threw 99 punches in the fourth round. He landed 41. 29 of them were power shots. He threw 65 power punches. Meanwhile, Spmer was extremely limited in that fourth round. He only had four total connects. Yeah, that's fine. He was limited, Tess. Yeah, he was taking he was taking and he he he lined up. Zia is right where he wanted him. You know, that's the thing. The toughness of of Spalmer and that right hand. That's always been a part of his plan. He told us in the fighter meeting, I want to land that right hand. So, he sat on it and he let him get vulnerable and he let him overcommit and he made him pay for that big with that big shot. Misawu Diegas, a constant force that you've seen through the years with Bud Crawford and that team from Omaha, Nebraska with Red Spikes and Back Brian McIntyre and now Keshan Davis is the guy they've been with for years who they say is the next great one and he will get his chance in moments to become a world champion. But he's got a tough task in front of him against the veteran very big ring IQ of Dennis Barincic who defeated Emanuel Navarete a year ago to win the vacant WBO 135 lb world title. And now his first title defense comes against fellow unbeaten fellow Olympic silver medalist Keshan Davis. Another right hand over the top. &gt;&gt; You know why is that right hand landing for Spalber? Well, look at the lead hand. The lead hand is down first of all. And then anytime that Tas really look for a shot, he's heavy on his front foot because he likes to load up with that left hook. That's his favorite punch. So, he's there to be hit. And another low blow. &gt;&gt; That's another low blow. Tie. &gt;&gt; This is going to be a point deduction. &gt;&gt; Come on. Come on. &gt;&gt; Just a warning. &gt;&gt; So, it's the second full low blow where &gt;&gt; Spmer's been granted the time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but that's not his fault. That's not his fault. The head, he's pushing his head down, so it changed the angle of the punch. That is not Xander's eyes's fault. And I know ref the ref can't look at the video right now on the instant replay right now. However, &gt;&gt; oh, he's watching it on the big screen. &gt;&gt; Roy Jones Jr. is the trainer for Spr and he said &gt;&gt; show can you show it again on there &gt;&gt; you listen to Charlie Fish the referee here &gt;&gt; borderline okay okay borderline I'm not taking away a point borderline look it borderline I'm not taking away a point and you can't push his gloves down either cuz if you cause him to hit you low that's on you &gt;&gt; TIME IN BOX &gt;&gt; really interesting and by the way great job by Charlie Fish to look up to the big screen here at Madison Square Garden where we're showing our program feed and say, "Hey, can you show it again?" And then to turn to the commission who gave him the answer he wanted to as well. &gt;&gt; You always got to appreciate when you have someone that wants to do it right. &gt;&gt; And then Roy Jones in the corner telling Slava, "Hey, take your time this time. Joe Testor Tim Bradley on the call ringside with you here. Round number six, Zas and Spmer bring in Mark Frigle to see how he has it scored. &gt;&gt; 5045, five rounds to nothing. Xander Ziz. Spmer is a good game fighter, just not as good or as big as Xander who can do so much with that left hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just to follow up the conversation about the low blows, by the way, Roy Jones Jr. did say to his charge, if he goes low again, you go right back out. &gt;&gt; Eye for an eye. Eye for an eye. You don't you don't know how much a low blow takes out of you know your legs. So he's saying, "Hey, retaliate." &gt;&gt; Remember when Lomachenko years ago when he faced a veteran, second professional fight? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; All the low blows that Celito landed. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; There was there wasn't one time where he actually did it back to him. &gt;&gt; Well, listen, there are things you learn when you're a pro. You change. This guy had 400 amateur fights. one of the most skilled fighters, you know, of the generation. But there's a reason why you gain experience as a pro, right? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Again, pulling the head down. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He doesn't realize he's causing it. And &gt;&gt; Charlie Fitch, the referee, told him that a round ago. &gt;&gt; And I And I like how dominant that Charlie Fe &gt;&gt; with his calls cuz he's saying, "Stop playing. Stop playing with me." No, it didn't happen. And you see the fight is continuing. Now, if Charlie would have stepped in and said, "Oh, let me give you a break." Then he would have milked it. Nope. &gt;&gt; Those are good. Those are good. &gt;&gt; Spalmer wasn't as hurt as he was showing. &gt;&gt; Combination from Xander. The only way that I see as of right now Xander even coming close to losing this fight is if he just gets caught slipping and it's going to be with a right hand. &gt;&gt; There was that moment late in the fourth round where he got caught with the right hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, and Xander, you know, he hears the noise. There's no doubt about it. That's the reason why he was trying to finish the match earlier a few rounds ago when he got caught with that shot. He hears what everybody's saying. You know, you don't have punching power. You can't finish guys. This and that. You got to go in there and you got to fight your game plan. &gt;&gt; The body punch totals are just outrageous. And Zas has been targeting the body. Sulmer's done nothing there. Right now, it's a 170-30 advantage in total connects. Zas in complete control. a technician. &gt;&gt; I say to myself, which punch is it going to be tonight? Is it going to be the right hook? Is it going to be the straight left hand? Is it going to be the uppercut? Is it going to be a body shot? This young man always delivers. And he delivers in different fashions each time out. &gt;&gt; Cleveland, Ohio. He's got nothing but time ahead of him, but yet you see his athleticism, you see his skill. You're like, I think he could put him in with &gt;&gt; put him in &gt;&gt; like legit contenders right now, but obviously it doesn't need to be rushed. &gt;&gt; Tess, if he's doing this to these type of fighters, you got to step up his competition. You have to, you know, you get him comfortable in this type of environment and then he gets in there with a lion and you see some things that are different, it's going to affect them later. So, you got to step up the competition with a dollar Mason. you have to or he's going to be stuck in this again this type of fights. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, a guy who knows what it's like to be a well-hyped promising teenage fighter is now the 22year-old Xander Zas at 20 and0. Bernardo, what are they saying in his corner? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Javad Santenno says, "I'm happy with Xander boxing his way to victory, but if we hurt him, we are going to go for the finish." Roy Jones Jr. on the other side says, "Look, I told my guy Slava 60% is sharp. Don't load up on those punches because he's gonna counter you. &gt;&gt; What he should tell him is to go down to the body of Xander. You know, he's head hunting a little bit too much and he's looking for that shot. Xander's totally completely aware of it now. But if you make Xander pay attention to the body, it could open up that shot that he's looking for over the top. Well, look at how relaxed they are in the locker room of Keshan Davis as you see the 25-year-old, the undefeated young fighter. And Bulmarmac, one of the great trainers of this generation, of course, the trainer for Bud Crawford, who is here in New York to support, young man he mentors. And that is the challenge. Dennis Barincic, who's 19 and0, the WBO lightweight champion, the Ukrainian fighter, making his first title defense. We saw him in San Diego win the world championship. Now he comes cross country here to defend it in New York. Look, Xander has a lot of skills, &gt;&gt; you know, he's young, started the game extremely young, has a ton of experience, but when I watch him, every time I watch him, you know, he doesn't get me off my feet, you know, like he's he's skillful, but I've seen more skillful fighters than him. Nothing's really glaring at me with this foul. &gt;&gt; Jav Santenno, the trainer for Xander Zas, told him, "Let's push tempo a little bit, but at range, but let's push the tempo a little bit here as we've arrived at round eight." &gt;&gt; You know, in my last statement, I mean, I say that with all due respect. I like Xander. I like his skills, you know, and I can say that I wasn't a sensational type of fighter. Like, it wasn't one thing that I did extremely well, and I didn't have a whole lot of punching power in that. 160 lbs. You got to have some You got to have some thump. You do. Or 154 lbs. You got to have some thump. Those guys can hit. &gt;&gt; Now, I I I believe Zander can compete. There's no doubt about it. He can compete against anybody in the weight class. There's no doubt about it. And I believe he's going to be a world champion. However, again, even with this performance, there's nothing that's really glaring at me and saying, "Wow, wow, wow." &gt;&gt; When you self assess, you feel like you had nothing that made people say, "Wow." &gt;&gt; My I mean, it was my determination. That was that was what it was. &gt;&gt; That was a plus plus. &gt;&gt; Yes. But I had speed like this. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Put combinations together. You know, I wasn't a born fighter. I came forward just like Xander. stare. I sit next to you and I stare at a Hall of Fame ring and a diamond Rolex after three fights with Manny Pacquiao and you're telling me that. Okay, &gt;&gt; look, I'm I'm not saying but again like sensational is like what we saw with Abdullamation. &gt;&gt; Well, you're saying wow &gt;&gt; who would do anything to have your career resume by the way? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm sure he will. However, this is a very studious effort by Xander Zas &gt;&gt; showing his complete arsenal right now of his skill set. And it's obvious that he likes guys that are directly in front of him. This is where he soarses &gt;&gt; the most because he's able to put his defense and offense together. It's hard to fight a guy when you have to open him up when you when you have to &gt;&gt; force him to fight you. He my man Xander look he can he can do it off the off the jab. He can create as he goes but this is where he soarses when guys that that will let their hands go &gt;&gt; right and the target becomes available. And boy has it been available &gt;&gt; and that oh that hurt him. That's the shot right there. If Xander wants to end this fight, it's going to be from a body shot, a liver shot. &gt;&gt; He's landed 72 of them in this fight so far. Of course, there two low blows. He is really on the attackively. The end is near. You see Spalmer protecting that body. &gt;&gt; 10 seconds to the bell. &gt;&gt; There's a right hand behind the jab from Xander as well. Through eight rounds, Xander Zas has a 154 to 33 connect advantage. This was a fighter in Slava Smulmer who everybody we talked to, especially those who have followed the scene of the French contenders in Europe said, "I'm telling you, he's tough, he's durable, and this is going to be a much tougher night than Xander Zas realizes it." It hasn't been. I thought his last fight was going to be tough and I thought this one's going to be tough, but obviously it isn't. Xander comes prepared. &gt;&gt; And again, with that offense, it's going to be tough to beat him. It really is. You're going to have to knock out Xander Zayas in order to beat him because again, look at he's technically sound. He punches in between. He punches while you're punching. He punches before you. He beats you to the punch. He outboxes you from the outside. And he's defensively clever as well. But again, he's just missing that that one punch that can hurt you, that can take you out. Champ is getting ready. You see him over on the left, Dennis Baric, the undefeated world champion who was able to neutralize the very effective Emanuel Navarete to win the bacon belt. Coming up next against Keshan Davis. &gt;&gt; Nice angle change right there from Keshan. I mean, excuse me from Xander Zas going down to the body. That's the key. Go downstairs and he just might get the stoppage stuff. &gt;&gt; OH, HE WENT DOWNSTAIRS THERE. BODY SHOT CLEARLY AFFECTED SLAVA. And now A LOT OF TIME to work with for Xander Zas. swept across that body with the left hand and now Zas is looking TO CLOSE THE SHOW. ANOTHER BODY SHOT COMES IN. That's it. &gt;&gt; THAT IS IT. TKO VICTORY. Sanders Zas. That's what we waiting on right there. The body shot started it. Another one was delivered and then the attack finished it. That was a very impressive night from Xander Zas. Timmy, &gt;&gt; he found it. He found what he was looking for. I told you the body is where it is. He hit him with the hardest head shot. But that body, you start to pound on it and he pounded he pounded on it all night long and they're starting to soften up a bit. Couple of shots early on. I I saw how I saw the face of Spalmer a few rounds ago. He did not like those body shots, but here slipping outside right hand to get himself in position to be able to deliver this shot right here. See Spalmer, he thought it was coming to the head, but it was actually going down to the body. That's the reason why he raised that right arm, but here he is getting himself putting all that weight onto that lead leg to land that shot right there. But Spalmer, he did his best. He had to react right on the money, but he did his best to try to hide it. But the young Jung, the young Xander Zas, he saw it. He saw his reaction. But this is the end of the fight right here. He just pouring it on. Looking to open up a shot to be able to land something right there to deliver once again to end this fight. The reason why the fight was stopped, although you saw Spalmer on his feet, was he didn't answer. He didn't answer anything. He didn't throw any punches back. Tess, &gt;&gt; let's make it official. Here's Mark Shinook. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here inside the theater at Madison Square Garden, this bout comes to a conclusion at 2 minutes 1 second of round number nine. for your winner by technical knockout and still the NABF and NABO junior middleweight champion Sanders Zia. He landed 86 body punches in that fight, but the last few they closed the show. TKO victory now 21-0 with 13 knockouts. Xander's eyes. He wants to come back