Kind: captions Language: en He's like another son. So when he won that title is just, you know, it it was amazing. I mean, it was one of those moments that, you know, uh will live forever in my heart. Um and you know, it you know, I I just can't imagine not having them around and and winning that title with them. &gt;&gt; You were a member of this same Boys and Girls Club. So, what does it mean to have the next generation here and to inspire them? &gt;&gt; It's an honor for me. It's an honor for me to to represent represent my people to represent Puerto Rico and to put the product that belongs at the top and there's nothing we can do. What did it mean for you to be the world champion? &gt;&gt; Man, it meant it meant the world. Um, obviously we knew it was it was coming at some point in my career. Um, we worked for this. we focus all our energy into this and we were ready to to become world champions when when it happened. So for me, I was just proud to to represent Puerto Rico and represent my family um and put put my people at the top. I'm excited. I'm excited for this. It was very important to to bring that this fight an important and big huge fight for for boxing fans and for Puerto Rico. And you know what better way than do it with a unification fight. &gt;&gt; What did you find in that 12th round and what does that say about your resilience and and your ability to never give up and move forward? &gt;&gt; Um I mean that was a special fight for me. I knew I was going in enemy territorium and you know I'm a man on a mission you know and uh I just had to empty the tank and I find a little bit more strength to to put him down as well. You know where that came from. Don't ask me. I don't know. But uh I'm determined when I'm on the mission and I'm willing to do any job. &gt;&gt; Abas, you sparred 80 rounds with Xander Zia. So there's a history there. So what what did you learn from sparring and how are you going to take that into the ring on January 31st? &gt;&gt; Um I mean sparring is different than a fight. It might help it and might not. We will find out on fight night. But uh Zenda is a great talent. Respect for him also taking this fight. Uh it's a risky fight for both of us of course. Um he and his people are great people. Nothing bad I can say about them. Uh you know we exchange words. We say we will meet at the top and uh I I think uh we didn't know it will come so fast but uh we're here to write history and it's amazing uh training together and standing here together as well. &gt;&gt; Sparring is is sparring and and you cannot mix that up with a fight. A fight is completely different. It's complete different things at stakes um for both of us, but I have respect for for Abbas and his team. They always been great people to us, always willing to help us. Every time we needed to help, we were able to help them every time they needed a hand. So, I feel like it's a very exciting fight for both of us. A lot on the line for both of us. Our first title defense um to be for for for a unified champion, I feel like it's very special. Um, like he said, we're writing history, &gt;&gt; you know, like you can expect a great fight, you know, two two different styles. I mean, this is a fight for boxing fans. Uh, I get chills thinking about a fight like that. I'm looking for a great fight and uh yeah, everybody will love the fight. I think I think there will be uh two winners for the fans. &gt;&gt; We know how to adjust. Um, we know what Abbas is is good at. Um, so we got to obviously be mindful of that. Um, he's a a great athlete. Um, he's coming to fight. Obviously, it's his first opportunity to defend his title and to win another title the same way that it is to me. So, it's very very important for both of us to to be sharp that night. So, at the end, it's going to be a great show for the Puerto Rican fans and all the fans around the world. It's a fight that that everybody wants to see because not everybody's willing to fight the best and we're willing to do it. and doing it in our first title defense. I feel like it means it means the world to both of us. So, it's gonna be a great show. It's gonna be a great show. Um, January 31st. Make sure you tune in, you buy your tickets. I think tickets come out on on Friday. So, make sure you get yours and I'll see you here in the island. &gt;&gt; Man, everywhere I look, I get motivated, you know. I hope I come here, I see the arena. It's going to be full of Puerto Ricans. I'm fully prepared of that. And uh yeah, I can't wait to finite this like music in my ears. &gt;&gt; To actually now tangibly have that. I mean, does it feel like feel like what you imagined? What you dreamed? &gt;&gt; Man, there's my baby. There's my baby. I I sleep with it every time I can. Um after the fight, I slept with it for like a week. Um it's everything that I dreamed for. Everything that I worked for, everything that we dedicated my life for. And we here now. We here to to put it on put on a shelf for for Puerto Rico and on the island and and no better way than doing it again just unifying and rewriting history one more time &gt;&gt; you know I don't sleep with it but uh you know uh the road the the challenge I have to take you know that's what made me and uh the birds are just like you know solidified it in the in the book, but uh the history is what made me. And uh on January 31st, I will write history. I will prove that I'm made of uh hard work and uh I have great experience and I'm looking forward to go back to Germany with that belt and a few new Puerto Rican fans. &gt;&gt; Is it going to be a knockout? Is it going to be decision? How does it play out January 31st? I just told you I'm going to leave with the belt back to Germany and a few new poetic friends. It can be by knockout. It can be by decision. But there will be nothing I would left like untouched in the ring to take the belt with me. Ready to go 12 rounds if I need to. If I the the opportunity present itself, I'm ready to take him out and collect both belts. Leave or stay home with both belts. Puerto Rico needs it. I want it and I'm hungry for it. Abas, your your final message to your fans and supporters. &gt;&gt; Make sure you get your popcorns ready and tune in on 31st of January. &gt;&gt; I don't like popcorn, so make sure you get your nachos ready and um buy your tickets to all the Puerto Rican fans. They come out on Friday and I will put on a show January 31st.