Kind: captions Language: en Hello Skiller fans. Terence Crawford's latest victory has etched its mark in history. It's not just because of the formidable opponent he faced or the flawless victory he secured, but also because he became the first two-division undisputed champion in the MODERN ERA. UNDISPUTED CHAMPION IN TWO DIVISIONS. Throughout the lead-up to the fight, there was a word that kept being mentioned. We will have an undisputed undisputed undisputed pound-for-pound champion for the undisputed world championship. One undisputed champion. An undisputed champ. Wait, wait, wait. I can tell you how it is to be undisputed. For the undisputed Undisputed at 140. Undisputed in two different weight classes. What do they mean by undisputed? Why does it carry such significance for boxers? Well, let's find out. [Music] To not make this video too long, we're going to keep it simple. As you may already know, there are a bunch of belts in boxing. Too many to even keep track of. So, we'll focus on the primary ones. WBA WBC IBF and WBO. Well, these are four organizations, you know, in boxing. Yeah. Just to provide context, the WBA was the pioneer boxing organization, followed by the WBC, then the IBF, and the most recent addition, the WBO. Now, as there are so many belts, there can also be multiple champions in the same weight class. But, many champions also means no real champion. So, how do you become undisputed champion? By winning all the major belts in a weight class. As we mentioned, throughout the years, new belts have been piling up. That means that back then it was easier to become undisputed, but also more difficult to become champion. This is garbage. I could say a blaze of garbage. Whereas now it's easier to become champion, but also more difficult to become undisputed. In the modern era, also referred to as the four-belt era, there are only a few boxers that have achieved undisputed status. First one was Bernard Hopkins. Then Jermain Taylor. Terence Crawford. Oleksandr Usyk. Josh Taylor. Canelo Alvarez. Devin Haney. And Naoya Inoue. But, none of them were able to become undisputed in two weight classes, until July of 2023, where, after becoming undisputed in the super lightweight division, Terence unified all four belts, this time in the welterweight division. But, if that is an incredible accomplishment, what stands out even more for us here at the Skiller community is the way in which he achieved it. Winning against the top-tier opponent like Errol Spence, and doing it the way he did it, with brilliant technique and skill. So, Floyd Mayweather tells him he's stumbling and he hasn't been hit. The seventh. A BIG SHOT! DOWN GOES SPENCE! BUT, we would love to know your opinion. Do you think Errol can make a comeback? What do you think of being undisputed? Let us know in the comments. [Music]