Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Okay, the first question I wanted to ask you about this fight against Ryosuke Nishida. I personally don't know much about him; I've seen a couple of his fights and stuff. I wanted to ask if you've seen more of him as a boxer, and how the training camp is going. And how do you see the fight? Well, since the day I became world champion, we already knew we'd be facing him because our organization, well, you know, when you're world champion, they quickly send you, you know, the rule is to make the mandatory fight. Well, we knew it was going to be with him. We've been keeping an eye on him since then, even before I became world champion, because, you know, I was confident I was going to become world champion, and well, I had to have him in my sights. You know, I already had him in my sights, and well, he's a good fighter. He has very few fights, but I don't think I'll have any problems coming out victorious, even if I go to Japan, China, Beijing, wherever. I don't think I'll have any problems coming out victorious. The second question I wanted to ask you... I really wanted to ask two questions, but approached from two perspectives. Yes, because I think you're a fantastic example of perseverance. You saw the defeat against Inoe, then there was another defeat that was quite controversial, which many believed you won, and then there was the fight with the headbutt, if I remember correctly, against Russell. After those three, you bounced back. You had the rematch against Russell, which was a spectacular victory, honestly, and then you won the IBF title with a margin of 120 to 105. You managed to overcome one of three bad fights and now you're the IBF champion for the second time. So, mentally, when you see things that aren't even within your control, like the headbutt and such, how do you mentally prepare yourself to stay focused on your goals and not fall apart? To clarify, when I fought and lost to Inoe, then I was going to fight Neri, and the fight fell through because I didn't make weight. Then came the robbery incident, and then the headbutt incident. I went about three years without winning. 3 years, but not to see my promoter B. Well, it was he who kept us going despite being out of the rankings for 3 years without a victory. Well, they always kept us in the rankings, you know, close, and working and waiting for the opportunity to come, you know, the one they were waiting for. We knew we had to get through the rounds because, I admit, we were underdogs, as they say, but we trusted in our abilities and in my team, the work that I took care of doing. And I knew what I was capable of, and I knew I was going to beat him, and I proved it. And how did I beat him? I earned the opportunity to fight for a world title, which was with Melvin López. And I did it. And now we're on a good streak, and I'm, as they say, in my best moment, and you know, I have to take advantage of it. In fact, those two fights you mentioned, the one against Russell and the one against López, seemed spectacular to me, especially what blows me away. What's most striking about your style is the precision you have, how you find the chin, the counterattacks you execute. I also wanted to ask you if that's pure talent or something you've developed over the years. Since my amateur days, I've relied on my skills and my counterpunching, and that's why, you know, logically, I've gradually improved it. You know, it's a process of continuous improvement. But now that I'm more mature and more focused, I'm doing it a little more perfectly, you know, and the work is showing, it has been, and we hope to continue doing that work because it's been key to my victory. Then there's the rest of the division, like Jason Moloni, whom you already beat along with Nakatani from the WBC, and Ine's brother, Takuma In. Of these fighters, is there anyone you'd like to fight? I was just talking here with Z's manager, who's with us, and they were talking about the fights, and he was telling me that Moloni is fighting on the same day as his brother, who fought again on the 6th, I think. And I think They have everything planned so that Molón can fight his brother Deoe and he'd be next to Catani. I'm talking to him about it, and for me, that's the fight that, if you come out victorious, you know, that's what catapults you, as we say, in the rankings. I know many people paint him as a great fighter, he's a tremendous fighter, I don't deny that, he 's a tremendous fighter. But he's never fought with a fighter with the qualities I have, and that's what people have to see. Yes, the one who's been sweeping the division, yes, but he's sweeping a division that isn't the weakest, you know, compared to ours, and I do n't know if he knows it. I respect what he's done, but he hasn't fought with a fighter with the qualities that I have, and we have the tools to beat him, but how do I explain it? We have to get past the defense first, and of all, the one I'd most like to fight is Nakatani. For the simple fact that, for me, he's the one of those three that You mentioned that for me, of the three, he's the best, and with that one, we'd like to present it. Okay, I also wanted to ask you because now that we're talking about fighting against the rest of the division, many times I try to think like a boxer. The main objective isn't to be a world champion, but in your case, since you've already achieved it twice, what 's your motivation now in boxing? Is it to unify all the belts? I don't know, is it money? What motivates you now? Everyone fights for money; nobody fights for legacy. You know what? If I tell you, "You fight for legacy," that's a lie because legacy doesn't pay your bills or support your children or family. Look, what I really want is to unify because I'm 31 years old. You know, I'm not old, but I'm not young either, and I have to try to advance my career, and after this, I'd like the unification to keep moving forward. Remember, time passes, and I depend on my abilities. I don't know how long God will give me the joy of having my abilities. You know, and I have to take advantage of them until they come to me because the day they don't, what I depend on, well, you know, I'm going to have a lot of trouble. You know, I have to maybe get out of this and try to unify. If not, well, like I said, like everything else, if I don't unify, then I don't want a good financial benefit for me, so I won't do unification, or the other champions will go in another direction. Anyway, every fight I have from this defense onward is for financial well-being, and well, for... but the goal is, you know, the first option is to unify, and that would be to stay in that division, or like, is that the division you want to stay in, 118? Or wouldn't you mind moving up? No, no. Right now I 'm fine there, I make weight well, and... And how do I explain it? In the position I 'm in, I'm dominating, I'm dominating my weight, you know. I'm going to risk moving up to another weight. I have an advantage, I have to take advantage of this weight because no matter what they say, you know, any of the champions have to count on me, they know it. But you know, like everything else, I have to fight them. Well, you can't do anything with your mouth, but my plans don't include moving up a division over Najar Panda. And well, this is something I've noticed from Subriel and you, that you always mention not only Panda but the whole group. Could you explain a little about who makes up this group and how they've helped you with training and what you do in terms of the work group? Well, Panda is, as we say, the head of the team. Panda, you know, he has his work group, but Panda is the one who gives the directions and is the one who, let's see, leads the team. Panda is the one in charge, but behind Panda is the coach, his name is Carlos Duarte, who is Cuban, and he's the one in charge of giving us the hard preparation, you know, the hard work. We have another one named Er, who is in charge of us; we call him the governor, who is in charge of strength training. Here, he's called the governor. There's another assistant named Jorge, and there's the one from the mornings, who is the one who gives us... He takes us and gives us the physical training, well, we call him Jillo, you know, it's a group made up of several people. But each one has their own role, the physical trainer doesn't get involved in Panda's business, and Panda doesn't get involved in so-and-so's business. Panda trusts them, they trust Panda, and that's why they've had the success they've had. That's why the group has had the success it's had, of course. We also do our job, you know. It's not like they can give directions if we don't do the work, no, but you know, a group of five or six people, several people who, you know, each do their job, and that's what has led Panda to be where it is today. Do you think that because many times people talk about Edy Reynoso, or Derrick James, there was also a lot of talk about him, do you think Panda could be or is one of the best trainers right now? Right now, he has two world champions and a number one in the world, and maybe those trainers that you mentioned have maybe one world champion, you know, no. If we're talking about current achievements, Panda is better than them, but that doesn't mean they aren't bad coaches. Every coach has their moment. Panda, in 2023, last year, had a good year. Your coach, Azul, who made me a world champion, defended the title. He made me a world champion. Right now, he has several fighters, you know, the squad that are so highly ranked, and like everything, everyone has their own path, but Panda is in that position. I don't think Panda has anything to envy in any of them, and everyone is on their own path. Maybe they have more stars than the promoters they have, they have more stars than us, but right now Panda is in a better position than them. You mentioned one who is ranked second in the world. Who would be number one? This William "Camarón" Cepeda. Cepeda in what division? 135, that's lightweight. Okay, now he fights on the 15th, the 16th, next week he fights an eliminator. He's a good fighter, a tremendous fighter. [Applause] Panda has had him since Zero, and I assure you he's going to be world champion. He throws punches. AB Look, since we're on the topic, I also wanted to ask if you could recommend any boxers you like to watch from the current scene, but active. Yes, well, you can also say boxers you like; they don't have to be the best, just the ones you like the most. You like to watch him fight, because I like to watch him fight. In terms of his fighting style, yes, he's a fighter that's a pleasure to watch because of all the things he does. Because there are boxers who are tough, and people like to watch them fight, but what Lochen does, you know, the movements, the skills, and the adjustments he makes—few boxers nowadays do that, they do those things that make him a phenomenon. I'm curious to know now that you train in Mexico. I think I saw a video where you explained that you were in Jiquipilco, right? Yes, we're there at 11,000 feet above sea level. That's right. How does that show in the preparation? Then in the fight, like, you really notice an effect. It's benefited me like crazy. Not just the altitude, but the altitude, the concentration, you know. The camp has been, you know, AC is very different, maybe because I, at least, can't go to Puerto Rico simply because of the distractions. You know, well, you know, young man, in the end, like one knows, some kids, in the end, but here, here there's nothing to do, here it's 24/7 boxing, here there's no distraction of any kind, logically, what's going to make you do things differently than in Puerto Rico, in Mexico, wherever, but here, logically, it limits you in many ways, here it's 24/7 boxing, and well, I've been here for 3 years and in those 3 years that I've been here, the result has been seen, the change in me has been seen, and well, you know what's working, you can't change it. This question was also asked to Subriel. And it's that you, who have trained in Puerto Rico and in Mexico, what are the fighting styles like, or differences do you see between how they fight in Puerto Rico and in Mexico? There are many things, they are similar. The thing is, at least in terms of training, here it's a bit harder than there, you know. The training is harder, and there's more sparring here. In Puerto Rico, it's hard to get sparring partners, or they're really far away. Here, well, after picking up the phone, as they say, and finding the perfect sparring partner, well, I don't know where he gets them from, under the ground, I don't know how he gets them. But he gets you a fighter, I assure you, he gets them from anywhere, he takes them out and trains with you, he sends them to stay here with you, because you have to cover the expenses of the guy, and well, but that's it, it's good to have them here because they also train with you and do the same thing as you, so when the training starts getting tough, they're right there with you and they can last as many rounds as you need them to. You know, it's not like in Puerto Rico where the kid lives at home, I train somewhere else, and the kid comes here. It dawned the day before and we're going to do eight H. But since it dawned, we can do four, you know. You know they don't fulfill you. Not here, kid, he's with you, there 24/7, eats with you, you know. Let's see, in that, there are many differences that the training camp in Puerto Rico and the training camp here have. I'll ask you a question that we always ask, and that is what do you like most or enjoy most about boxing? And what do you hate most or what frustrates you most about boxing? The most I like about boxing is when I win, when I don't get paid, and winning, you know you're going to get paid, and the worst is a defeat because it can mess you up so much, a training camp like mine, last time I put in 6 months, 5 months, I was here, and defeats hurt anyone. But someone who sacrifices, like me, who leaves, I get away from my family and come here, and you know, and then you get a defeat, well, for me it hurts more, the pain is, maybe different feelings. You know why? Imagine, because one says, I, I came from my country to I came here and lost, but that's why I would have stayed in Puerto Rico, you know? But logically, I think everyone came in to win, but you know, defeat is always going to come at any moment, it's happened to everyone. But those are the worst things about a training camp, that you sacrifice so much time and then you get defeated. And it's, like you said, months of training camp and then you go back to Puerto Rico and you train there too, I suppose not as intensely, but you keep training. I'm active, I go to the gym once or twice a week. I do n't care because I'm here so much that when I go there, what I do is dedicate time to my family. I'm here more often. For the first one with Russell, I was here for six months, and for Melvin López's, I was here for almost a year, and I'm in Puerto Rico for two months and then I came back here. You know, sometimes I'm here more than at home. You know, when I'm in Puerto Rico, I don't want to know about the gym. I don't want to dedicate time to my family. This is a sport that takes up a lot of time. And well, when you have little time with your family, I'm there and I try not to go to the gym. When I come back here, I dedicate myself fully. And that's a personal decision, whether or not to bring the family to camp. It's not that it's not productive to bring the family; you separate from your family for a reason. You come here for a reason, because, you know, how can I explain it, your wife is there, you know, well, I'm a man, what do I know? And you ca n't be focused, it's better to sacrifice these months because when it's your turn to leave, few people care about you, you know? But no, it's better to leave her there as long as at least my partner understands, you know, this whole process. And well, you know, I don't have any kind of problem, and everything's calm. And the best, the most important thing is to have a calm camp without arguments, and when we win, we [Music] enjoy it.