Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Well, the first question I wanted to ask you is now that you're in Mexico training camp, and we often talk about styles—the Mexican style, the Cuban style, and so on. What's each one like? And you, who have trained in Puerto Rico and Mexico, I'd like to know what the Puerto Rican style is really like. I think that question, well, depending on who you ask it, has a different answer. For example, because of my style, I'd say it's similar, but it's because of my style, you know? Aggressive, like, "Give me what I can give you." [Applause] So I categorize it as similar. Sorry, you mean Mexican boxing, which is more similar to my style? Exactly, to my style. But someone who boxes, obviously, is going to say the opposite, right? But here, 70% is aggressive, but you also have boxers of different styles. In Mexico, it really is like that. Yes, yes. Right now, the one helping me is a technician. Of course, because for the preparation, I suppose you need someone who moves, who gets in there. That between [Applause] he comes out, that he uses his jab a lot, and how do you see your opponent? Have you studied him a lot, or is that something the trainer does, or do you also like to watch? It's not that my trainer has one opinion, I might have another, and my promoter or manager might have another, and vice versa. So at least my trainer and I, Anaj, Panda, and the group agree on many things, so I think the result will be seen on the 25th. First, he said. But you're someone who likes to study, to watch boxing. Yes, yes, I watch the fighters because maybe I see something as a boxer that my trainer doesn't see. But well, I also wanted to ask you, since we're on the topic of watching boxing, you often mention Tito Trinidad, what do you like most about Tito as a boxer, or things you've taken from his style? Not copied, but what have you seen from him that you've implemented in your style? Well, look, copying something from Tito? I don't think I can, since he had a special, deadly hook [Music], it's a condition that God gave him [Music]. [Applause] Bless a heart to share with all the current boxers we see in Puerto Rico. [Applause] So I think what I liked most about him was the gallantry with which he defended the colors of our flag. I think that was something that isn't seen or won't be seen in God knows how long. I've been sent several videos, and there was one that surprised me because if I'm not mistaken, it was you. You looked, for example, at how I throw the jab, where I get it from, the distance, the short, the long, and that surprised me because not many people realize that, and many people think that out of 100 punches I receive 90, and the reality is that maybe 20 or 30 stay in the gloves, which is another fact that many people don't know or do n't want to pursue, you know, they don't want to accept or see, and they always say no, that it's the defense, no, that it's the other thing, no, that it's... But inside the ring, the opponent I face, well, the one who really knows boxing, knows, and knows that many of the punches stay with... The same hand, I think that was very evident in the fight with the Argentinian Ponce. I don't think it was Ponce, that in the first rounds he came out swinging. [Applause] But you didn't really seem affected by the punches, you were quite calm, you blocked calmly and in good condition. You know, I think we had an excellent training camp. And I think that was also fundamental, right? In what could be perceived in the [Applause] [Music] fight. Now, speaking of this topic of defense, it's often criticized that if you fight with your hands down, that you take punches, many times they say, "Um, your coach tells you something, or do you understand that this is how Subriel fights?" which also has its advantages, right? Sometimes you throw a jab from down, even knowing that, he always insists on the hand thing: "Raise it, move it, you can do it, you know." But I think that, obviously seeing my growth, he already knows that this is my style, and you do what you can in training camp, you know, looking for ways to dodge more, move your torso, etc. But in the end, I think he knows that That's a style. What's the relationship like with Anaj Panda? Because since the Petros fight, you guys were in camp, or before that? Well, look, two fights with him, Pedro, and with the Argentinian, Ponce, and now this will be my third fight with Anaj Panda. And what's the relationship like? Because you haven't really been together that long. But when you're in the ring, I see you like I've known you forever. Like, when you talk together, you can throw your arms around, it's not illegal, hit his arms and take it away inside, but bring out that speed, if you have the speed, bring it out. Look, Anaj Panda is a person who tries to get to know his athletes. You know, he has several athletes here, and he looks for ways to identify with each one. I mean, each one has a different role. And so, as a trainer, he tries to familiarize himself with each one and find a way to adapt to their style. So, so far, thank God, I have nothing to thank Carlos Duarte for, who is part of the team, Panda's right-hand man, Eric Mercado. The great Gillo Sab is actually made up of a great team led by the great Panda, and I think the relationship, I understand, is perfect. [Applause] [Music] The fight between Regis and... How do you see it? Who do you think will come out victorious, if you have any opinion on that? Look, I really think my opinion isn't going to change the result. I think I can say so-and-so will win, but in the end, the one who has to win will win. So I think for me, either one who wins would be fine. You don't have a preference for one or the other, no, no. And if you ask me to face either of them, I, being from Spain, have to ask you, and also from Barcelona, ​​about Sandor Martin. I don't know if you know Sandor Martin, if you've seen a bit of his work as a boxer. [Music] He had a great fight against Teofimo and a great fight against Mikey Garcia. I don't know if you have any opinion, but just asking, did Mikey Garcia beat him? No, yes. Exactly, yes, he's a good fighter, he moves well. I think he has... A problem, and maybe that's what makes it so... it's not true, he takes the ring walking thing very seriously, and possibly that's why they took away his fight with Teof. And as for the rest of the division, which fighter in the division do you think is the strongest or could give you the most trouble? Well, look, I think they're all a challenge, you know? And if you asked me who I'd really like to fight, anyone who adds to my career, my legacy, you know? If there's one thing I have, it's that I don't recognize any name. So anyone who has something that belongs to me, we'll see. And do you have a main objective, to be undisputed or regardless? Well, look, right now my objective is to take Alf's place. I think that's the goal I have set for myself right now, it's the one that was put in front of me, and it's the one we have to achieve. After that, we'll see what happens, and may God's will be done. What would you say you like most about boxing, whether it's the competition or the discipline? It gives you, I don't know, it can be whatever you want, and what frustrates you most or what do you like least about boxing? Well, look, what frustrates me the most... Wow, it would be countless things. No, but what comes to mind is what's currently happening with boxing. You know, I think what's happening... I don't see it as good. I hope to God it will change soon, but me being a champion and not being able to have the opportunity to have those big fights, and that they do n't want to mention me, right, for whatever reason, that frustrates me a little. Maybe it's fear. Maybe, I don't know. But it frustrates me that the fans want to see me fight, right, with the best, and the best don't mention the name of their [Music] Matías. And what I like about boxing is that thanks to Him I have my house, my daughters, well, today, thank God, right, they are well, and I hope to God, right, in the next fights I can say it was worth it. [Music]