Kind: captions Language: en Hello skiller boxers. The ropes can often feel like a deadly trap in the ring and sometimes they are. However, with the right techniques and practice, you can learn to control this aspect of the fight. Today, we'll cover all the key techniques to prevent ending up on the ropes, fight effectively from them, and escape when needed. [Music] The most important thing when dealing with the ropes or defense in general is staying calm. Don't panic. Don't lose sight of your opponent. Don't overreact to shots. And don't get out of position. With the techniques we'll discuss, if you remain composed, you'll be able to handle the ropes with ease. But before we start the breakdown, we wanted to share an app from our sponsor, Pro Boxing. A powerful all-in-one training platform designed for coaches, fighters, and home fitness. Choose from dozens of skill-based training modules. Drill with structure and get into fighting shape. Download Pro Boxing today and dominate the opposition. Skiller boxers can save 20% with the link below. Before we get into working on the ropes and escaping them, let's first look at how to avoid getting there in the first place. Preventing the ropes, avoid straight lines. In a boxing ring, space is limited. Moving in straight lines will eventually lead you to the ropes, which is why you should avoid moving only in straight lines. If you can exit an exchange by stepping out at an angle, even better. [Music] good. If stepping back on the straight line is necessary, follow it up by changing direction. place. You better start punching and dipping. So, don't leave your head. You can do this with an L step, a side step, a pivot, or lateral movement after stepping back. The key is to avoid moving straight back repeatedly. Power punches landed through punch and move. When you're close to the ropes, lateral movement is key. Oh, lovely. If your opponent has quick feet, they'll be able to cut off the ring. But a great way to stop them is to punch and move laterally. Two great resources you can use are the check hook and the cross roll. With the check hook, you hit the opponent while side stepping to your lead hand side. And again, Paul and again Paul approaches this fight early. We know exactly what might have tried to use his feet more. With the cross roll, you throw across and roll to your rear hand side while side stepping. Slick boxers constantly use these techniques when they start feeling trapped near the ropes. [Applause] Floyd just showed his exceptional speed push post control. Another way to stay off the ropes is to create space or redirect your opponent. Throw. Step back and throw again. You can create space with the opponent by simply pinning him and pushing with the lead hand. He's a much smaller fighter. He needs to pick and or you can also close the distance and push him with your body and shoulder. Either way, the goal is to back them off. Although excessive pushing can get called out. The same applies to redirecting the opponent. You will need to get comfortable making contact and pulling them as you escape. [Music] You can do this by simply using your lead hand to pull them into the ropes as you pivot away. I'm probably going to have to start that left hand behind that if you want to detour. You can also make contact with both arms and redirect them as you move out. But the main thing is to be firm and confident with the control rather than focusing on a specific technique. But if you still end up on the ropes, it's important not to panic and to know how to fight them from there. fighting from the ropes, parries, blocks, and head movement. The biggest reason boxers panic on the ropes is that there's no immediate escape. The opponent moves freely while you have your back against the ropes, which makes it a disadvantageous position. Short tight punches as well. Right hand again by Golovkin. However, while your footwork is limited, all other defensive techniques remain available. Parries, blocks, and head movement will be your main tools to defend. Developing these techniques will allow you to stay comfortable on the ropes until you see an opportunity to escape. Which is something they didn't really expect. Canelo Alvarez and that was a fight where it was Lopez came up but there really wasn't much of a challenge and he knocked it down saying come on and take it let's go give me more. But while some boxers can lean against the ropes and defend effectively a much safer approach is to maintain a strong base. When your back leg touches the ropes that's your cue to hold your ground and avoid leaning back. more athletic but tended to fade in fights and was not the leaning back and squaring up is the worst position possible. You become less mobile, less defensively sound and it's harder to generate offense or counter effectively. You got the kid G from Armenia who's in you. Look at this. Instead, focus on keeping weight on the front foot, maintaining a strong base, staying in a classic boxing stance. Stay in the in the ropes. If you're right here, you can you can right [Music] here. If you remain calm, you will soon realize you are not in such a bad position and you can actually fight off the ropes. Still, since the ropes are a disadvantageous position, let's look at different ways to escape them effectively. ly escaping the ropes. Clinch. The first and most obvious way to get off the ropes is to tie up the opponent in a clinch. This can be done in many ways, but the most frequent one would be to bend at the waist, changing levels to prevent any shots, then closing the distance and tying up the opponent. I agree. I said was knocked down the last time. You have big hearts. In this case, the ropes can actually help. By leaning back first, then moving forward. You can use the momentum of the ropes to push yourself forward faster than simply stepping that impatient or had that type of patience. Once you secure the clinch, you can wait for the ref to break it and reposition yourself or use the clinch to work your way around the opponent. Use aggression. By using aggression, we mean using your offensive pressure to force the opponent backward. This can be done by throwing power shots and combinations to put them on a defensive mode or even using faints and forward movement to create the illusion of aggression. There you go. There you go. The key is to be defensively responsible. Being overly aggressive to get off the ropes can lead to mistakes and getting encountered. That's what you have to do to a fighter. You better talk down. Wait for a power punch. The more the opponent commits to a punch, the bigger the opportunity you have to exit the ropes or improve your position. A great way to get out the ropes is remaining defensively responsible on a stable base and wait for the power punch to duck under it and move away. The output hasn't been the same. [Music] just hasn't had enough fights we all like seeing when we don't even know the referee exists. Could literally be any man's fight. You see the pressure being put on by Golovkin there. Even if you don't duck under, any overcommitment from the opponent creates an opening. The brief moment they take to reset can be used to angle away and escape. Take what you can get. [Music] But now we would love to know your opinion on the comments. How do you work the ropes? Let us know. And if the video was interesting, you can find more on our channel. And to your left, we have chosen a video that we thought you may like.