Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello skillet boxers. Today we are breaking down yet again the most effective combinations exemplified by the best boxers in the sport. We'll analyze exactly how these boxers throw the combinations and why they are so effective. [Music] [Applause] Same as in the last video, here is a quick guide about punch numbering so you can follow the breakdown better. Now, let's start with the first boxer and his favorite combination. One, two, Deontay Wilder. The one two or jab cross while probably the most basic combination in boxing is also one of the most effective and it happens to be Deontay Wilder's most dangerous combination trudges forward. A right hand down goes the combination uses the jab to get into position allowing the cross to land. Shown the work great. He did it and the burn goes down. The jab sets the feet by stepping forward, putting you in range to throw the power punch. That would be wise. There's a big to open right hand goes. Wilder likes to really extend the jab, often using it to blind the opponents, then quickly fires the cross, breaking through the opponent's guard. That is why Wilder is one of the most dangerous powerful to deal with inside that ring and change things completely for the world. A big right hand. He uses his incredible reach and rotates fully to reach even [Music] further. Three low 8 Carmel motin. The three low eight or hook to the body overhand to the head is one of Carmel's favorite ways to follow up liver shots. This combination uses the kinetic linking principle where the end of the first shot loads the start of the second downstairs. First, he transitions his weight to the lead side and front foot to throw the hook to the body slightly raising with inertia and then rotates the other way dipping slightly to deliver the overhand. move. Jab, jab, caramel often throws it to counter the opponent's jab. Using an inside slip to get in position for the three low and then following it up with the eight. And you can see Kuba's overthinking it managed his distance, but the pressure's actually reversed the If you need an app to practice high percentage combinations, download Pro Boxing, the premier training platform. and today's sponsor. Visit the dedicated skiller section to learn and master essential boxing techniques from seven different modules. All the combos from this video as well as part one will be available 1 week from today. Skiller boxers can save 20% using the link below. One four low, three low. The one four low, three low, or jab, rear hook to the body, lead hook to the body is Spence's favorite way to set up his devastating body shots. It's the left right to the body. There it was. Again, it was the body shot that dropped Barrera. This combination plays the high and low game. What's the biggest using both straight and looping punches? What's the biggest thing you But he realizes in 140 his toes as power. It's all the initial jab forces the opponent to close their guard up the middle leaving the sides of the body open for both hooks. Spence often uses the jab only as a setup for the real damage. Not to say he don't have one, but you make him go into 121. Manny Pacquiao. The 121 or jab cross jab is one of Pacquiao's most effective combinations and often catches opponents by surprise. Pacquiao. Oh, down goes Thurman. This combination uses straight shots to lunge forward, finishing with a jab. Three punch combination. The first two punches are often defended by pulling or stepping back. So most opponents don't expect another punch after the cross. Ending with a jab often catches them off guard. I'm looking for pivot. Has the respect because he's created the distance that he needs back just a bit. Pacquiao fires back. Tries to get Ugas landed a right hand to the body. Now Pacquiao able to land. Shot lands for Ugos. Pacquiao. Manny uses it to close the gap between himself and the opponent. He steps forward with the one two and lunges in with the last jab, sometimes coming in from an angle over the opponent's shoulder. And you always wonder 18 Canelo Alvarez. The 118 or jab jab overhand is one of Canelo's favorite combinations to land his signature overhand. inside. Most of the times he would just hook his right hand. Just like the one two, this combination uses the first punches to close distance and get in range to land the power shot. In this case, an overhand fight. He continues Hall of Famers predicts an eighth round. Open up. Canelo again. Canelo throws the jabs simply as a tool to get closer, often with minimal force, then follows up with the overhand. through by the left of the body by Canelo. The jab just he also mixes up the target sometimes aiming for the opponent's arms, the top of their head or straight through the guard. This constant variation makes it even harder to defend. Yeah. Recently Canelo just develop any kind of rhythm from this Charle single shot and movement from Chares outside jab straight punches and Charlo fight has been a [Applause] professional 14 low Ray Vargas. The one four low or jab hook to the body is one of Ray Vargas's most vicious attacks to the lower [Music] section. Similar to Spence's combination, it mixes high and low and straight and looping shots. Two knockouts, but the jab closes the guard through the middle, exposing the body sides for the hook to land cleanly now as well as well. Yeah. Yeah. and he's the one putting the So, we mentioned earlier that Max knows. Vargas has not scored enough. So far, Vargas 43, but Vargas uses his long reach to throw it from the outside against a guy like the jab sets up the four low which he throws by rotating his entire body while running in the mountains. You can tell Vargas feels so I I did not give him time from the ropes. Stay in the center of the ring. I'm Argentine Olympian Alberto missing pieces just a moment ago when he throws that overhand right some of them are dead four low six three low five sub Matias the four low six and the three low five or hook to the body uppercut to the head are one of Matias's favorite combinations at close range a technical fighter a techical fighter was bombing. Was bombing me. These combinations mix low and high with looping and straight punches. The hooks to the body open the guard, setting up a clean uppercut through the middle. Matias throws them without loading up, keeping everything tight at close range. He'll use either the four low or the three low to the body, then quickly follow with the six or five to the head. He throws it very quickly with the same hand. And the uppercut doesn't follow traditional mechanics. You won't see a big wind up or full rotation. Instead, he keeps a straight posture and throws an arm punch, slicing vertically through the guard. Now it goes over the top of the already living fighting this way. But now we would love to know your favorite combination. Write the numbers in the comments. Let us know. And if the video was interesting, you can find more on our channel. And to your left, we have chosen a video that we thought you may like.