Kind: captions Language: en Hello, skiller boxers. Today, we're breaking down one of the most talented and slick fighters of his era. A fearless boxer who made opponents miss effortlessly and pay for it with brutal counter punches. Along with his technical brilliance, he had the power to knock anyone out in a snap. Lights out. [Music] In his time, James Tony was one of the most avoided boxers and for good reason. James Tony, you know, I can't I couldn't see a way to beat James Tony. No, that's just you can't beat you can't beat guys like that. Not only was he fast, accurate, and powerful, but his skills allowed him to outclass opponents across multiple weight divisions. He moved from middleweight all the way to heavyweight, gaining up to 90 lbs over his career, yet still carrying his signature technique and knockout power into every division. Something like this is only possible through flawless technique. So, if you want to understand every detail behind his unique style, this breakdown is for you. Let's start with his boxing stance. Tony fought out of a Philly shell most of the time with his feet planted. However, his Philly shell differs from modern boxers and he has a strong opinion about it. One can get That's Michigan versus Michigan. You know what? Shoulder roll versus shoulder roll. Huh? Who? Tony's version of the Philly shell was inspired by old school fighters like Ezard Charles. No, I'm not the original. The original person is Ezing Mosiano to the punch. He said it more colorfully than that. There's a right hand and his guard was more offensive, standing more squared and less bladed. He'd often shift his weight forward to counter instead of staying on the back foot. [Music] Modern boxers when using the shoulder roll with the piercing shots and the counters. Look at that successful punch will stay on the back foot just turning their hips to quickly counter with the cross. like this. Tony would instead transition his weight from the back foot to the front foot getting across the center line, but we'll get into the specifics later in the video. From this shell, one of his signature weapons was the up jab. is having a hard time on himself. Because his lead hand stayed low, it was out of his opponent's central vision, making it hard to read. His timing with it was impeccable, constantly tagging his opponents. He used it not just to score, but to set up his power shots along with his most essential skill, weight distribution. In boxing, weight distribution is how your weight is balanced between your front and back foot. It's key to generating power, but also to loading up your punches. And JT is one of the best examples of this principle in action. Let's look at two of his main punches, the lead hook and the rear overhand or cross. To load up his lead hook, Tony would shift his weight forward, placing his head slightly to the left side and planting his lead foot. out of Miami goes down. Sometimes the movement was exaggerated. Other times it was subtle, but the purpose was always the same, to load the lead hand and explode with a powerful hook. He would often mix his lead hook up and down to create openings. First round remaining in this round. Here's Tony now. this puncher. Even while shifting forward, he stayed defensively responsible, keeping his right glove high to block incoming shots and making sure his head was still off the center line. And assured, triples up. It's careless. The night's work could be over cuz Barkley can't take anybody out. Tony controlling the first. Now, when it comes to his overhand or chopping right hand, he like to throw it behind his jab. Here, he'd load by shifting his weight to the back foot, positioning his body on the right side. From there, he'd spring forward, shifting weight from back to front foot, crossing the center line, and landing with power. This punch was sneaky, explosive, and one of his most dangerous shots. And as we'll see in his final skill, these principles repeat themselves over and over again. Subtle head movement. Defensively, JT was one of the slickest fighters the sport has ever seen. [Music] His greatest gift was his composure. Not overreacting to shots, thus moving the exact distance to be able to dodge punches. He would move just enough to be able to evade following shots. allowing him to defend long combinations of punches effortlessly. Iran stepping up the pace a little bit. He would rely a lot on bending at the waist, getting low and under shots, making opponents overextended right away. As we mentioned in his boxing stance, he used his Philly shell to block and roll with punches. Sometimes he would briefly shift to Southpaw while rolling with a punch to then get back to Orthodox, still dodging [Music] punches. Now, when you combine his weight distribution principles with his elite defense, you get Tony's best skill. Counter punching off the Philly shell. As we mentioned in his boxing stance, he fights out of an offensive Philly shell. Always looking to counter from his guard, not just to score, but to hurt his opponent. Tony may just be the best counter puncher off the Philly shell, and he had many different resources he used. However, his most effective counters were the lead hook after blocking, the cross after the shoulder roll, a combination after blocking to the body. His first counter was a catch and shoot motion. Block with one hand and counter with the other. And as far as being on the attack, he would often lean slightly to his left to block with one hand and also to load up the counter lead hook. I think the reason for this is as we mentioned from there he would explode with the lead hook, transitioning weight to the other side. Another counter he would use off blocks was with flurries. There's James Tony. Whenever an opponent threw to his body, they would leave their head exposed. Tony would remain calm in his stance, blocking punches, then quickly return fire with a combination. And there's a good left hand and a right. There's a big uppercut. Another big uppercut. And Delgado's in trouble now. His most remarkable counter is his shoulder roll counter. Against the opposite stance, the shoulder roll deflects the opponent's jab. Against the same stance, it deflects the rear hand. Tony would roll with the punch, deflecting the opponent's rear hand and making them overextend. At the same time while rolling, he shifted his weight to his back foot, loading up his right hand. He would then unleash a cross, shifting weight to his front foot and keeping his head off the center line. There he is. 130 to go here. We finally ended up fighting at 17. This last point is key. By turning his head to the side, he not only stayed out of the line of fire, but also aligned his cross better with the opponent's head, making it much more powerful. Especially in the last year or two, it's been This was one of JT's best counter punches. James was not himself. Hard to believe looking at him there was one right from the challenger. But as always, let's also take a look at his flaws. When it comes to Tony, he was one of the best when it came to pure boxing skills. However, we saw him struggle against opponents who knew how to create angles. As we mentioned in his stance, he liked to fight with his feet planted rather than being on his toes. Jones will use his left like Roy Jones Jr. explained, this allowed Roy to use angles to work around him. That's why I beat James, one of the best fighters of all time, but he ain't moving feet. So, because I got the deep part of me, when he come me, I'm moving my feet. I'm changing my whole location. When I come at him, he doing this my hands too fast. about it. Whenever James bent at the waist, Roy would use it to create an angle and punch from there. This himself making all that mess here. Tony can't always wait for that right hand. Perhaps every other round has been Jones's round. And here by that shot, winged wildly some head shots and they're piling up for Jones, the challenger. He backs Tony up and this is not a scene that you'll see very often. We also saw him struggle against boxers with better stamina who threw a lot of volume in instances where Tony got outworked. However, JT is still one of the best pure boxers ever with slick defense and the ability to put anyone's lights out. That's it. But now, we'd love to know your opinion in the comments. Do you think James Tony was the most talented boxer? If not, who? Let us know. And if you found this video interesting, there's more on our channel. And to your left, we've picked a video we thought you may like.