Kind: captions Language: en Most of you will probably have seen this image followed by this other image where Canelo does this strange move. And while the world was convinced the reason for that move [music] was pure astonishment from Crawford's speed and power, Crawford himself gave the real explanation. Actually, when I caught him with that shot, he was actually, you know, anticipating the right hook. Only a skillful boxer like himself would understand. In other words, he rolled with the shot. [music] Well, today we are going to break down when to roll with the shot, why it's so useful, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and how to do it. As the name suggests, rolling with a punch is a technique where you roll your head to either side, moving in the same direction as the punch to take the sting out of it and be able to absorb it better. In other instances, the movements can help completely evade the shot. And in some situations, the head is not moved in the same direction as the punch. While this is not a fundamental technique, there are three key situations where it's extremely useful and can prevent you from getting hurt by the shot. So, if you want to know which are these situations and exactly how to roll with a punch, this breakdown is for you. Before moving on to the next situation, we have a message from our sponsor, Pro Boxing, a powerful training app that helps you train smarter and improve faster. The app has a growing collection of fighter-themed workouts with world-class attack sequences. New workouts are added every Monday. This week's spotlight, Gervonta Davis. Practice 10 signature knockouts and drill 62 deep-rooted combinations. Download Pro Boxing Training and dominate the opposition. Situation one, when in an unstable position. This is the first situation where the head roll can be a lifesaver. To be able to apply any defensive technique effectively, you need to have a good base. In other words, be in a stable position. With both feet planted, it is much easier to use your waist and shoulders to duck, roll, and slip punches. In an unstable position, the only resources left are to use your arms to block, catch, and parry shots. However, in some situations where your arms are not covering to block or parry, and you find yourself in an unstable position as your base won't allow you to evade the shot by moving your body, your only alternative is to move your head by rolling with the punch. Push your right. He wasn't really taking any shots. This can be a situation where you slightly lose balance or a situation where only one foot is planted. In these situations where your base is not solid, rolling with the punch can help you avoid the shot as a last resource. And the only Filipino Situation two, when stuck in a position. The second scenario is a great way to evade a shot when you are trapped. Similar to the previous situation, this position doesn't allow you to move your body to evade punches. In this case, however, it is because you are stuck in that position, not because the base is not stable. This could be forced by the opponent or by yourself. In the first case, the opponent may have pushed you against the ropes where your mobility is restricted. In this case, even though you cannot move as much, you can still roll your head to evade punches. In the second case, you are stuck in a position by your own choice. This is often the case of the pullback. By pulling back all the way, all your weight is on the back foot, not allowing yourself to move further back. Then the only option would be to slip and drop low or roll with the shot. In a lot of cases, you will see boxers roll with the shots as they pull back as a way to gain a few more inches of space to be able to evade the shot securely. Situation three, right after punching. The third and last situation is a great way to evade a really quick-timed counterpunch. There are infinite ways to prevent a counterpunch. The most known being by covering up after a punch, by getting out of range, by using a control technique, or by preemptively slipping or rolling after throwing. Now, in some situations, your position won't allow you to do these things as effectively, to which there's another alternative, which is to roll with the shot. Not the only one. For instance, when throwing looping shots to the body, According to the odds makers, both the need to open up to dig to the body and the rotation used to transfer power to the shot leaves you in a vulnerable position. In these cases, as Gabriel Rosado explains here, you can actually anticipate the most likely counterpunch by rolling with the shot right after throwing. You you're putting yourself in a situation where you can get counterpunched. But you're only going to have a counter for a counter. And look, and another thing is when you throw this right here, anticipate the hooks coming and ride your face and ride your chin with it. So, let him throw the hook. Boom, right. Figueroa has the belt. They This exact same example is demonstrated by Vargas countless times against Magasayo. When he when he lands the right hand, they're Also, both fighters in this I came back here. After a long layoff against Magasayo, looks tired. Yes, and Magasayo making their bad intent Well, and speaking of left hooks, 15 seconds left in the But now, we would love to know your opinion in the comments. Do you use this technique? If so, when? Let us know. And if the video was interesting, you can find more on our channel. And to your left, we have chosen a video that we thought you may like.