Kind: captions Language: en Hello skiller boxers. Today we are breaking down a style built on breaking down opponents. One of the greatest pressure boxers of all time with strategic aggression and subtle veteran tactics. The incarnation of the Mexican boxing style. Julio Cesar [Music] Chavez, a legend in Mexico and in the boxing world. Chavez is your favorite fighter's favorite fighter. Set that up. Mayweather slipped to his right. [Applause] This high praise is due to his relentless pressure style, which boxing fans love so much. But behind the heart and determination, there's a strategic approach and polished skills that allow him to walk through his opponents with ease. If you want to know all about the skills Chavez used in his pressure style, this breakdown is for you. But before we start the breakdown, we wanted to share a message from our sponsor, Pro Boxing, the premier home training platform. Update to the latest app version to master over 100 new high percentage combinations from six essential categories: short range, long range, alternating combos, and more. skiller boxers who don't have the app, you can save 20% using the link below. Let's start with the boxing stance. Since he liked to pressure his opponents, most of the time, Chavez fought front foot heavy. When it came to his position, he used a squared stance with his feet slightly apart. This squared stance allowed Chavez to cut the ring much easier as it enabled smoother lateral movement. But more on that later. The squared stance also brings the lead hand closer to the opponent fighting on nerves, shortening the path to land punches. This is why Chavez would often lead with a cross. It's easier to connect and it also allows for transitions into liver shots. As we will see later [Applause] on, he stays slightly forward, keeping his hands at chin level. He maintains a solid and active high guard, constantly using parries and blocks while defending. Now, let's look at his first and most notorious skill, forward pressure. The main reason Chavez was able to apply pressure and trap his opponent so effectively was his ability to cut off the ring. He landed with the right. Cutting off the ring is a strategic technique where you slowly take away your opponent's exit paths while moving forward, eventually trapping them with no escape. He can run all that he wants. He can squat, but he can't hide. To do this, the key is not to follow, but to move where the opponent is going. anticipating their movement while always edging [Music] forward. The main idea is to move in a cone-shaped path. You don't move completely straight as that allows the opponent to side step easily. You also don't move just laterally as that would let the opponent circle around the ring. Instead, you combine forward and lateral movement, cutting off the ring little by little. Have their strengths and their weaknesses. Although Chavez, I don't think has a weakness. Kamachu is out. Kamacho has got to stand his ground and make he's got to make a statement of some right now. He's got problems with Chavez chasing him to the post. Yeah, he is holding on. He's holding on side very, very tight. I'll tell you what, Freddie, I will get under the ring. I do not think the fans would take that lightly. [Music] Chavez was excellent at this, constantly trapping even highly elusive boxers by slowly blocking their exits. Once he had an opponent trapped against the ropes, he would unleash combinations. But one of the more underrated skills of Chavez was his ability to create angles with the opponent against the ropes. He would often land the punch, then quickly pivot to his right, taking an angle to catch the opponent out of position. He is in a survival mode. Yeah. What we're looking at is the beginning of the end. And the few times Chavez was the one against the ropes. He would quickly turn it around. The way he did this was by getting close to the opponent, placing his head forward, and simply pivoting around, switching positions. [Music] Kevin, are you trying to chip? Maybe too patient. He had he had him hurt. He didn't open. That look good left hook. Avoid that right hand lead. He should bend at your point. He should bend down. He should bend his knees as you pointed out before the fight. Other times, if he felt comfortable, he would simply fight off the ropes, using them to lean back and forth while combining his elite head movement. Less than 30 seconds in round two. Able to nothing new for the fourth. [Applause] [Music] Great hand by short and crisp. Inside fighting. Once Chavez cuts the ring, he starts working on the inside. As we'll see later, his combinations and bodywork are elite. But what often gives him the edge on the inside is his subtle veteran tactics. These are often considered dirty tactics and sometimes get called out. One of them being head control. Chavez would often reach on the inside to control the opponent's head and then punch. He would grab behind the head, which is technically illegal, to land an uppercut. Or control one side of the head to punch from the other taken the worst of it so far. But by the same, by controlling the opponent's posture, it becomes harder for them to fire back clean shots. And while having head control, the opponent also struggles to move their head away from the incoming punch. Chavez with control with one hand and punch with the other on instinct. Final minute of the night. Acting like a champion and you got to be proud of it. Another veteran tactic he used was framing. He would often frame with his forearm to pin the opponent's guard. Sometimes he would use it to push the opponents off before throwing a punch. He used the frame to destabilize his opponents before attacking. Often he would frame with the palm facing inward, using it to push and redirect the opponents, controlling them into position for punches. Head movement. As we saw in his boxing stance, Chavez fights front foot heavy with his head slightly forward. While this squared stance creates a larger target, Chavez had outstanding waist movement, making him one of the most elusive pressure fighters. Under 20 [Music] seconds combination, and Chavez again invites him in. And look at this hand movement by marvelous mark. Look at his head movement by telling you the long serious right hand there by couple shots. Not hard but he got in. He constantly bobbed and weaved while moving forward. This motion also allowed him to transition into punches like his lead cross. He also used his head movement to counter opponent's jabs effectively. He would often counter with an overhand either slipping to the inside and going over the lead handwe or slipping to the outside and then quickly getting back in range with his right hand. Try to get that right hand in. One thing it up challenger Mayweather and what set that up? Mayweather slipped his right beautifully. He just was body movement. Julio Cesar Chavez was one of the best at punishing the body. He had a clear philosophy. Hit the body and the head will fall. His most effective body shot was the liver shot. Chavez would consistently punish the right side of the opponent with devastating hooks. Oh, it's not that easy. He only 16 knockouts to keep Chavez off. The chance now to set it up. He would often make a sudden move to his lead side, shifting his weight to the front foot, sometimes opening up his arms to make it a quicker motion. From that loaded side, he would unleash a devastating hook to the liver. anything except that one good body shot. Well, he's reevaluating his opinion. Other times he would use his cross as a lead punch which already loaded the liver shot to get anything going. He would repeat this combination over and over as the cross would also force the opponent to raise their guard. Kamacho though it's Chavez. Oh, in the belly there by Chavez. He goes so many angles and so many punches you can't the front hooks is and that's what's happening here. Reputation proceeding. Yeah, certainly many the straight right hand that Chavez is throwing his the lead cross was another one of his signature punches. Extremely effective and hard to read since he threw it directly from his high guard with no telegraphing. This is can he can dominate. That is a ball. He gets him on a rope. He let him get on the line. that's going to happen. Hey, right hand. Chavez would constantly play that high and low game to set up punches in different ways. And he played a lot and that playment that combining looping and straight shots in creative combinations. [Music] [Applause] Oh, brother. A combination. And down worrying him so much that he has now gotten so defensive. But now that we've seen his greatest skills, let's look at his flaws. Flaws. While we've seen that his squared stance is key to how he cuts off the ring, in boxing, everything comes with a trade-off. This squared stance also makes him a bigger target, making it easier for opponents to land. Start off faster. Oh, a left uppercut. Additionally, while it provides better balance for side to side movements, it limits his ability to move backward or pull away from punches. Making it harder to get out of range when moving forward. Lastly, while his lead cross is one of his best weapons, it often left him overreaching, falling forward with his back foot ahead, staying in range. This is fundamentally flawed as it breaks posture and throws off balance which sharp opponents can exploit. Get away. But now we'd like to know your opinion in the comments. Who are the best pressure boxers of all time? Let us know your top five. And if you found the video interesting, you can find more on our channel. And to your left, we've chosen a video we think you'll enjoy.