Kind: captions Language: en Hello skillet boxers. In today's breakdown, we will take a look at the fundamentals and techniques needed for a complete footwork game. These techniques will allow you to move freely and safely through the ring. So, if you want to know which techniques are those and understand their mechanics, this breakdown is for you. [Music] Footwork is one of the most important things to become a great fighter. That's where everything starts, said the boxer with a 396 to1 amateur record and two gold medals. All punches, defensive techniques, and moves are influenced by your footwork as it is the base and foundation of everything you do in the ring. That is why understanding it is key to a correct development of your game. Well, today we are doing an in-depth breakdown of footwork to get a deeper understanding of this lost art fundamentals. Now before we start with the different moves and techniques, we have to take a look at the fundamentals. So how does footwork work? If you are an experienced boxer or you have already trained a few times, you may already know this. But it is still important to remind ourselves of the fundamentals. The idea of footwork in boxing is not to lose your stance and be as balanced and in position as possible. That is why when moving forward, you move the front foot first, then the back foot. And when moving backwards, the back foot first, then the front foot. Otherwise, there would be a point where both feet are too close to each other, leaving you unbalanced and out of position. Same applies to moving laterally. When moving to the left, move the left foot first, then the right foot. When moving to the right, move the right foot first, then the left. [Music] Same as before. This way, you maintain your stance. Otherwise, you'd be crossing your feet, leaving you unbalanced. Again, not cross your legs. If you do end up crossing your legs, you're off balance. And if you do get hit, you're you're only going to go back. However, same as with head movement, there are some fighters who break these fundamental rules and are still successful. Everything comes from the foundation of the But it is important to understand them anyways. With this fundamental, you can already move any direction you want while having quote unquote good footwork. However, there are other moves that will help you elevate your footwork even more and be more slick and efficient in the ring. Footwork techniques. Pivots. Pivots are a fast way to turn on an angle in one move. Would you maybe want to see instead of taking many short steps circling the opponent with a pivot, you can change an angle with one move. Maybe should start probably parrying it instead. That was difficult for him. But I need to tell the skills and the speed of four corner offense. He really [Music] to do a pivot. You have to maintain the lead foot in position while the rear foot moves circularly like a compass. [Music] and can be used defensively to get away from punches. Right hand in round one. Yeah. Only three connects to the body where or offensively to find a different angle to punch from else is going to come back. So, step back. Just like head movement, footwork is an integral part to one's defense. And perhaps one of the most basic defensive footwork techniques that can often get neglected is simply stepping back. The interesting thing is it is also the most effective. As an opponent is about to attack, simply press on your lead foot and step back with your rear foot and you will no longer be in range of attack as well. By stepping back, you don't have to worry about reading which punch is thrown as you are stepping out of the range of attack at which point no punch can land on you. No, I I think he's got to, you know, I'm just making up in our fighter meetings. You know, not much out for B. Guy out. I am a knockout puncher. So, just anytime he's getting a really Lst step. The purpose of the Lstep is to move both out of range and laterally at the same time. cap. These are the type of tests that we wanted. Me and Chris Manx want to do the L step. You have to bring your lead foot back while at the same time take your rear foot to the side and then reposition your lead foot to get back to your stance. Poise was boxing straight up within. You can use the L-step and circle away or use it and stay in position. Either way, you are getting out of range, not just vertically, but at an angle. Lateral steps. Now, in some cases, you may want to travel longer distances at a quicker pace. Whether it's to catch your breath, dictate where the fight takes place, or to take time to figure out your opponent while being out of range. Firing hooks and firing lead right hands as he circles. and he knows that the power of Oscar Oscar trying to pressure him coming in on him and he's in this case the foot in the opposite direction pushes to the opposite foot which opens to the side. [Music] This is also done from a squared stance to the opponent instead of on the traditional boxing stance with one foot forward. When you need to move faster and repeatedly, it is a more efficient way to go around the ring. I know loves to go to the body, but the body is not there. used that jab sometimes right there. He laid it out just a little bit too lazily. Aanessian was able to come over the top. And this is what Aanessian does. He doesn't. While we are on the topic of footwork, we want to remind you guys that two of the best footwork technicians are fighting on August 3rd on the Riad season card. Apart from Crawford and Madrimov, the card also includes other skillers like Andy Ruiz, Isac Cruz, David Morurell, Jared Anderson, and who we believe to be one of the best prospects out there in Andy Cruz. If you buy the pay-per-view now, you get your first month free of your description. Get the whole RIA season card clicking the link in the description. Shifting. Shifting is a footwork move where you are actually changing stances from orthodox to southpaw or southpaw to orthodox. Polish their experience. So even though they don't have this can be done for different reasons. Close the distance. Give your opponent a different look or apply pressure. [Applause] The mechanics have a similar motion of a pivot where you would pivot forward with the rear foot but going along with the movement and facing the same direction as the rear foot which will eventually turn into the lead foot. Watch this. You see him [Music] condition with a height and reach, [Music] step shuffles. Lastly, there are other advanced footwork moves like the step shuffles. And in this is one of the quickest ways to change angles to attack an opponent. and is a move often linked to Mike Tyson. There are two types of step shuffles, front step shuffle and back step shuffle. The front step shuffle is done in two parts. First by taking a small step forward and slightly to the side while keeping the head off the center line and then doing a shuffle. The shuffle is done with your rear foot chasing your lead foot while you hop to a new position at a 90° angle. When he does that, doing there because he sees things. On the other hand, the backst step shuffle is done with the back foot first. still have that shot right. [Music] In this case, you would cross your rear leg forward and slightly to the side while taking your head off the center line. In this case, you are changing your stance for a second and then you get back to your stance with the shuffle. [Music] The shuffle, same as before, is done by hopping and twisting your body. Starting the second round. Another lead hook right here. Got everything. [Music] All of these techniques together make a complete footwork both defensively and offensively. This with a height and reach. But now we would love to know your opinion on the comments. Which other techniques do you use? Let us know. And if you enjoyed this video, you can find out more on our channel. And to your left, we have chosen a video we thought you may like.