Kind: captions Language: en Hello skillet boxers. Today we are going to break down the shifting technique. One of the most creative footwork moves and one of the most confusing for your opponent. &gt;&gt; We'll go over the history of this technique, the variations, and the mechanics required to perform it correctly. &gt;&gt; We'll also break down when it makes the most sense to use it, and most importantly, how to do it without exposing yourself. and will also give you a tool to drill the technique so you can add it to your game. Terminology. The shifting technique was popularized in the late 1800s by Bob Fitz Simmons who often used it to generate more power and knock out his opponents. To shift means to change, especially unpredictably. In boxing, shifting refers to switch stances unpredictably while transferring your weight in the process. When shifting, you are essentially changing your stance from orthodox to southpaw or from southpaw to orthodox. Mechanics. The mechanics of shifting are similar to a pivot. In a regular pivot, you plant your front foot on the ground, keep your weight there, and circle your back foot around it like a compass. When shifting, you are essentially doing the same thing, but this time switching stances. You pivot to bring your back foot forward so that it becomes your new lead foot while transferring your weight during the attack. You can do this both forward and backward as we will see how to shift safely. While shifting can be incredibly useful, it can also be dangerous. First, when switching stances, there is a moment where you square up to your opponent as your feet cross. This position leaves you unbalanced and unable to defend properly, something your opponent CAN TAKE ADVANTAGE OF. GO. &gt;&gt; MOREOVER, you must be able to work from both stances. When you switch to the opposite stance, you are now in a position you may not control as well. From there, it can be more difficult to attack and defend effectively. So, how can we make sure we shift safely? First, by occupying your opponent's guard before and ideally during the shift. If you simply shift without throwing anything, you are allowing your opponent to counter you while you are vulnerable. Instead, throw punches before and during the transition. Even light punches will make your opponent cover up or hesitate, allowing you to shift safely. It is also important to execute the movement quickly. And if you are not comfortable in both stances, return to your original stance. You can do that by shifting twice or simply shifting back. &gt;&gt; Good body shot. &gt;&gt; Lastly, never stop midshift as that leaves you in the most vulnerable position. &gt;&gt; Always complete the movements and finish in the opposite stance. The safest way to master shifting is to drill these concepts repeatedly. That is why we have included shifting as this week's workout in the skill app. There you will find a workout drilling the fundamentals of forward shifting. You'll practice the best entries and learn to shift safely and effectively. Every Friday, we release a new workout related to our videos. Along with the workouts of the week, you will find helpful training modules, heavy bag combinations, and popular fighters and Hall of Fame trainer workouts. Outthink and Outbox with the Skiler app. But now let's look in more detail at the two variations of the shift that have different use cases. Forward shift. The forward shift is done by pushing off your back foot and bringing it forward in a pivoting motion while switching stances. &gt;&gt; This is not going to work. He's going to get close. Push. &gt;&gt; The first use case for the forward shift is to close distance. When keeping the same stance, you can only cover so much space by stepping forward. This can make it difficult to trap an elusive opponent. However, by shifting forward, you can quickly close the distance between you and your opponent. &gt;&gt; The middleweight division, &gt;&gt; it is a great resource used by pressure fighters when cutting off the ring against a mobile boxer. &gt;&gt; The second use case is to confuse the opponents. Fighting an Orthodox boxer and the southpaw are completely different experiences. Having to adjust mid combination to a different stance can be a complete nightmare. &gt;&gt; Does the demon have any &gt;&gt; Let's look at an example of how a shift can confuse the opponents and create space. In this example, Golovkin starts in the orthodox stance. He throws his rear hand while shifting at the same time, ending up in a southpaw stance and closing the distance with Ishida. He then throws the rear hand from the southpaw position and doubles it up while shifting again, ending back in the orthodox stance with a jab. &gt;&gt; While the opponent was backing up, he had to adjust to two different stances with similar punches coming from different angles. Backward shift. The backward shift uses the same principles but moves in the opposite direction. Here you push off the front foot and drive it backward in a pivot motion while the back foot stays planted. The front foot becomes your new back foot and you end up in the opposite stance. The first use case here is to create space instead of closing it. If you are facing a pressure fighter who is constantly marching forward, using a backward shift allows you to quickly create significant distance. And just like the forward shift, it can also be used to confuse the opponent. The same principle applies. A boxer moving forward and focused on attacking will find it much harder to defend a counter that suddenly comes from the opposite stance. Uh, &gt;&gt; let's look at an example combining both use cases. Here, Pyrog starts in the orthodox stance, backing away from his opponent's pressure. He then shifts backwards into a southpaw stance, turning his rear hand into a lead jab that surprises Ishida. From there, he creates enough space to load up the rear hand. He jabs again to stay safe and then throws a rear hook from the southport position, confusing Ashida and landing cleanly. &gt;&gt; But now we would love to know your opinion in the comments. Which technique should we break down and add to the skillet app next? Let us know. And if you found the video interesting, you can find more on our channel. To your left, we've chosen a video that we think you may like.