Kind: captions Language: en Hello Skillaboxers. Welcome to part two of our counterpunch breakdown series. Today, we're looking at even more examples of the most effective counters in boxing. With real examples demonstrated by the best of the sport. We'll go through how they set them up and why these counters are so effective. As you know from the first video, every counterpunch starts with a defensive move and then a punch. Here's a quick reminder on the main defensive options and the punch numbering system we'll use in this breakdown. Let's start with the first one. Step back. One, two. Dmitry Bivol and Andy Cruz. The step back, one, two, a footwork move followed by a jab cross, is one of Dmitry Bivol's and Andy Cruz's favorite ways to use their fast feet. [Music] It's simple, yet highly effective. When the opponent throws, they take a quick step back to move out of range. If the opponent overextends and falls into range, they immediately counter with the one, two. In other cases, after making the opponent fall short, they step back in range with the one, two to connect better. Both Andy and Bivol use it similarly. Their constant movement makes it easier to disguise this counter and draw opponents into it. The motion must be sharp and precise, but both have used it to great effect in their fights. Roll. Three. Mike Tyson. The roll, three, a head movement sequence followed by a lead hook, is Mike Tyson's most iconic counter with his devastating hook. Using his peekaboo style, Tyson was constantly moving his head, slipping under punches. When an opponent overextended, he used the momentum of the roll to explode upward with his lead hook. As the roll shifted his weight to the lead side, the hook was fully loaded, allowing him to throw it with all his body weight behind the punch. [Applause] His legs, already engaged from ducking, added explosive force as he lunged forward with the hook, closing distance and making his counters even more devastating. Inside slip. Three. Devin Haney. The inside slip, three, which is a head movement sequence followed by a lead hook, is one of Devin Haney's most sneaky ways to counter an opponent's jab. When the opponent throws his jab, Haney slips to the inside track. At the same time he slips the jab, he has loaded his lead hand, so he can counter with the lead hook. [Applause] The inside track is also the line of punch traffic, so he cannot stay there too long. That's why this counter is really quick. Haney would often use his other arm to open up quicker to slip and counter much faster. If you want to drill all of the counterattacks seen in this video, download and update the Pro Boxing app and head over to the dedicated Skill section. Tap on signature counters and hit start. The platform will guide you through each sequence with real-time callouts. This six-round training module includes 30 seconds of calisthenics at the end of each round. If you need to train around injuries or want more of a challenge, you can choose and shuffle your own recovery exercises. All modules are built for repetition. To keep your training fresh, try shuffling the order the second time around. Step up your fight game today. Download Pro Boxing Training and dominate the opposition. Outside slip. Two. Canelo Alvarez. The outside slip, two, which is a head movement sequence followed by a cross, is Canelo's quickest counter. [Music] Canelo will slip the opponent's punch, usually a jab, to the outside, where he is out of the line of punching range. There, his rear hand is loaded and prepared to counter. He will then slightly shift and move forward to connect with his own cross. Canelo will usually use the high guard to bait the opponent. When the opponent takes the bait, he will lower the guard, slipping and then quickly countering. Pull back. Two. Muhammad Ali and Floyd Mayweather. The pull back, two, a head movement sequence followed by a cross, is one of Muhammad Ali's and Floyd Mayweather's favorite ways to counter. They usually bait the opponent by placing their head forward as an open target. When the opponent falls for it and overextends, they pull back to get out of range, then quickly counter with their own cross. Ali would often keep his guard low, slightly leaning to his lead hand side when throwing the counter, to better align his cross with the opponent's head. Floyd, on the other hand, would sometimes bait with a high guard, keeping a defensive posture, and then quickly counter when the opponent committed. Slip. Five, two. Juan Manuel Marquez. The slip, five, two, which is a head movement sequence followed by a lead uppercut and the cross, is Juan Manuel Marquez's go-to combination to counter off a slip. Marquez, who is often looking to connect his signature lead uppercut, will slip to his lead hand side to load it up. Depending on the opponent's punch, he will be slipping to the inside or to the outside, but in either case, to his left side. From there, he will counter with the five, two. Marquez uses the five, two combination as it flows perfectly, but he also throws the uppercut in singles. Sometimes, he will even throw to the body after the slip. But now, we would love to know your favorite counterpunch. Write the defensive sequence and the numbers in the comments. And if the video was interesting, you can find more on our channel. And to your left, we have chosen a video that we thought you may like.