Kind: captions Language: en Hello skillet boxers. Today we are breaking down a young heavyweight with hands that move faster than his frame suggests. &gt;&gt; Finish. &gt;&gt; Still 90 seconds in the round to go. And in goes the tower. &gt;&gt; Relentless, punishing yet calculated. Behind the speed and aggression lies composure and control. Moses Italma is not just another puncher. He is a mystery still unfolding. Today we are going to break down his style and see just how good he is. In this video, we go beyond the highlight reels. We will break down Moses Itama's style step by step. his most dangerous skills, how he uses them, and why they keep bringing him success. We'll see the patterns he repeats that keep giving him brutal first round knockouts. &gt;&gt; So, if you want to know why he keeps being so successful and the craft behind his style, this breakdown is for you. Boxing stance. Moses boxes from a bladed southpaw stance. He keeps his feet slightly apart, maintaining a solid base and good balance. Often, as we will see, he likes to keep his weight on the back foot. This serves different purposes. He will often keep the lead hand extended to control the opponent in different ways. This is a major tool in his offensive arsenal as he uses it to probe, control distance, and faint, setting up his power punches. Other times, he'll keep both hands close to his body and use the shoulder roll combined with slick head movement to evade shots. Jab. Italma has a great southpaw jab. &gt;&gt; I didn't land the jab. Lovely job with you. His jab to the body is especially effective. &gt;&gt; And obviously being indeed working downstairs. &gt;&gt; He quickly steps into range with it to attack the stomach from the outside. &gt;&gt; Move your body that way. You're not supposed to move your body. &gt;&gt; This constant body attack is his favorite way to set up his left hand as we will see in the next skill. Moses often counters with the jab from the southpaw stance. &gt;&gt; He started quickly. Oh, good shot. Against an opposite stance, there is more engagement between the lead hands, which creates opportunities for his pullback jab counter. &gt;&gt; He repeatedly tags his opponents with it, showing great control of distance. &gt;&gt; At any stage in the fight, ready notice about how good a tama is. &gt;&gt; As we know, the jab can serve many purposes, but Moses's greatest use of it is to set up his left hand. He uses the double jab to set his feet. He'll double jab while at the same time placing his lead foot to the outside. This way, his left hand is aligned with the opponent's head. At the same time, the jab distracts the opponent from the power punch, hindering their vision. He repeats this sequence over and over, but he has it so internalized and perfected that it works every single time. again not taking any major risk but again the must be the case here tonight too. &gt;&gt; In addition to an educated jab, Moses has a wide range of offensive sequences and counterattacks. His new head trainer, Ben Davidson, has helped him adopt a more intelligent yet lethal style. For fighters wishing to integrate some of Itama's combinations and defensive patterns, they're available today in the Pro Boxing Training app. For a full body workout, enable active recovery mode to perform calisthenics during rest periods. The app allows you to select your own exercises, making it easy to work around injuries or increase your training intensity. The platform was designed to help you improve and develop systematically. Train smarter and improve faster. Download pro boxing training and dominate the opposition. Faints Moses is undeniably a talented puncher, but it's not just what he does when he's punching. It's also what he does when he's not. &gt;&gt; In the ring this year, &gt;&gt; his constant use of faints plays a major part in his boxing style. Faints are a gamecher and can benefit you in different ways. The first is making your opponent work for free. You are not actually committing to punches, so you don't put yourself at risk or spend much energy while your opponent reacts and wastes his own. The second use of faints is to gather information. Every time you faint, the opponent shows a reaction that can give you data to use in your favor later. Lastly, faints are great to disguise a power punch. and Itama uses them constantly. &gt;&gt; Moses will faint with his whole body. He will use foot faints by pressing with the front foot and he will also use his lead hand to fake punches. &gt;&gt; The way he glides in and out of range, but always fainting, always trying to find the openings. &gt;&gt; The key to his knockouts is the setups he uses and how convincingly he sells the faint. As mentioned earlier, Moses will often jab to the body, lowering himself to the stomach. &gt;&gt; Different audiences. So, here he is into the body. So far, for a big guy, you can't move your body that way. You're not supposed to move your body. &gt;&gt; Then he will sell a faint by lowering his body as if going down only to come right up with the left hand. &gt;&gt; In one said it earlier and he's going for it. Itama does this all the time. Faint low, go high. But his technique is so polished that it works every time &gt;&gt; from Moses at a great. &gt;&gt; In other words, fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 setups once, but fear the man who has practiced one setup 10,000 times. Distance control. From what we learned in his stance, Moses will often box with his weight on the back foot, especially when applying pressure. He prefers what we call controlled pressure. &gt;&gt; Instead of moving forward in the traditional way, front foot first, then back foot. He moves back foot first, then front foot. This way, he can cut the distance while still being out of range, applying pressure cautiously while controlling distance. In fact, while pressuring, he will often step out of range only to quickly step back in. He'll land with his weight on the back foot, then push off it and shuffle forward to apply pressure again. &gt;&gt; Already just slightly. This polished footwork and balance allow him to control distance and create angles at different levels. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he isn't in a hurry. I want a stepbystep approach, he said. And that was a little open down. &gt;&gt; His excellent distance control also allows him to stay in range to counter much more effectively. &gt;&gt; Body work. Moses Italma has unbelievably fast and accurate combinations for a heavyweight, but his greatest skill is his ability to mix combinations high and low, making him unpredictable. &gt;&gt; But again, do um have an effect on an opponent. More importantly, his calmness allows him to remain strategic even when he's looking for a finish. &gt;&gt; Right hook as well all over the place. &gt;&gt; When he hurts an opponent, where most boxers would headunt, Moses stays composed and continues to attack the body, making him a nightmare to defend against. &gt;&gt; The question is how long he can stay backward in a straight line, inviting the trouble. He's brave, but he's completely outgone. It has to be stopped quickly and it's stopped very quick. &gt;&gt; Flaws. At this age and stage of his career, it is difficult to point out flaws in Italma's game. The quantity and quality of his opposition have not yet reached a level that troubles him enough to expose weaknesses. &gt;&gt; You've accomplished a lot in boxing. &gt;&gt; I haven't. I haven't accomplished. &gt;&gt; You have. &gt;&gt; This is precisely one of the most interesting things about the phenomenon that is Moses Italma. How will he react when he meets real resistance? Only he has the answer. But now we would love to ask you guys, what are your thoughts on Moses's career so far? Let us know. And if the video was interesting, you can find more on our channel. And to your left, we have chosen a video that we thought you may like.