Kind: captions Language: en Best body shots. Good body shots will be defined as single punches or combinations aimed at the opponent's torso. They are measured by how damaging they are and how consistently a boxer targets the body throughout the fight to wear down the opponent. Let's start with the first nominee, Canelo Alvarez. Canelo's body punching is explosive and compact, blended with perfect setups. He targets the liver with thudding left hooks, often disguising them behind head shot. &gt;&gt; Oh, and there it is. &gt;&gt; Few current fighters blend timing, power, and technique to the body as effectively. down the middle. &gt;&gt; The second nominee is Gennady Golovkin. Golovkin's body shots were heavy and perfectly set up. &gt;&gt; His left shovel hook to the liver was his most devastating punch. He would always set it up with a combination first, forcing opponents to focus on other shots before ending the sequence with a hard shot to the liver. &gt;&gt; Obey those instructions. And there's the body. &gt;&gt; With his heavy hands and clever setups, his body attacks were a problem for any opponent. Let's continue with the next nominee, George Foreman. Especially in the early part of his career, Foreman's body punches were key to breaking opponents down. He would target the sides with wide, brutal hooks. He wouldn't set up his shots, but would always put his entire body behind each punch, making them extremely dangerous, even when blocked. His right hook to the kidneys was especially punishing. &gt;&gt; Doesn't back up. He keeps coming. throws a bizarre right hand to the back of Oh, there goes something hurt. &gt;&gt; The fourth nominee is Julio Cesar Chavez. Chavez is perhaps the most famous body puncher in history. Not only were his body shots powerful, but they were incredibly consistent. &gt;&gt; He is in a survival mode. &gt;&gt; Right eye Chavez working on it. There goes Chavez working on the body that Chavez is throwing is going to be so much that he has now gotten so &gt;&gt; his left hook to the liver was his signature shot. &gt;&gt; He would always look to target the liver with different setups. &gt;&gt; In other cases, he didn't need a setup at all. He would throw it directly without telegraphing, &gt;&gt; making it quick and difficult to defend. Chavez turned body punching into the norm, systematically breaking down opponents. The fifth nominee is Ken Norton. Norton's body attack was underrated but punishing. He used his strength to dig hooks to the sides, especially when fighting in close range. He would throw wild shots, really loading up and putting everything behind each punch. His commitment to bodywork softened up even elite heavyweights, often hurting them. Our next nominee is Marco Antonio Barera. Barera used his great combinations to set up devastating body shots. &gt;&gt; If the fans are hostile to me, I just hope they're loud. Oh. Oh man. He embodied the Mexican style, frequently targeting the body. His liver shots were extremely dangerous and would often put an end to his opponents. The seventh nominee is Mickey Ward. Ward's left hook to the body was his trademark punch &gt;&gt; and he digs ONE TO THE BODY AND DOWN GOES SANCHEZ. &gt;&gt; Delivered with perfect torque, it folded opponents in half when it landed clean. &gt;&gt; He often set it up with head shot before digging downstairs. Ward's body punching gave him a reputation as one of the sport's toughest warriors. Martin until the uh I think uh he certainly will do it. That's what award needs to survive, but I don't see it. We got 30 seconds to go. &gt;&gt; The eighth nominee is Mike McCllum. The body snatcher lived up to his name, dismantling opponents with surgical body work. He usually went around the sides, throwing wide hooks to the midsection. His ability to place shots between and around his opponent's guards made his body punching so special. Over time, his relentless investment downstairs always paid dividends. Other than maybe trying to get Mike to punch, &gt;&gt; the ninth nominee is Ricky Hatton. Hatton's body shots were relentless, especially his digging left hook to the liver. &gt;&gt; He threw them as part of his swarming high volume style. His body punching drained opponents energy and broke them mentally. He's been caught a couple. &gt;&gt; The hitman became a fan favorite largely because of his vicious body attack. The last nominee is Roberto Duran. Duran's body shots were vicious and intelligent, thrown with perfect placement inside exchanges. He ripped short hooks and uppercuts to the ribs and liver while smothering opponents. His body attack wasn't just raw power. It was strategic, breaking fighters down round after round. His counterattacks to the body were especially impressive, often catching opponents by surprise. Let us know on the poll who your vote goes to.