Kind: captions Language: en Hello, Skilleter fans. Today, we're adding yet another interesting term to the Skilleter dictionary. We'll explain a phrase that is often thrown around in fight predictions, a puncher's chance. [Music] In the brutal world of boxing, where strategy, technique, and conditioning reign supreme, sometimes an entire fight can change with just a single punch. [Applause] The term a puncher's chance refers to a scenario in which a fighter, typically the underdog due to different factors, still possesses the potential to win by landing a solitary powerful shot. When there's a really big skill difference in a boxing match, [Music] the less skilled fighter has objectively just one attribute to rely on, which is their power. [Applause] This is a phrase you'll frequently hear in the lead-up to a fight. A perfect example was the Gervonta versus Romero fight. Even though Gervonta's skills clearly surpassed Romero's, people in the boxing world still gave Romero a chance. He always have a chance cuz he a puncher. Yeah. He always got a chance but he's a puncher, but his technique is terrible. You know, he always has a chance, you know, even it could be in the last round, the last minute of the round, and he still has a a puncher's chance. So, basically, you're only giving Romero like a puncher's chance? Yeah, really. However, relying solely on power without solid fundamentals or a good strategy isn't a good idea, especially when facing an opponent as skilled as Gervonta, as there will come a moment in the boxing match when defense becomes crucial. Exactly that point was elegantly articulated by Davis himself before the fight. They never talk about no skill, they talk about power. And when you in the trenches, you know, you it's cool to shoot them bullets. How you going to defend yourself when them bullets coming back? [Applause] [Music] That's my say. Now, you might be wondering if the term is only used when it's a long shot. Sometimes it's not really due to a massive skill disparity, but more of a style difference. For instance, a boxer might be exceptionally elusive with a high-volume output, often securing victories by points. While their opponent relies on singular power punches. A perfect example was the showdown between Sabri Sediri and Sam Maxwell. Sediri, entering the bout as an underdog, used his slick footwork and awkward angles. [Music] Maxwell, who was the favorite, relied more on single punches and his heavy hands. In this case, Sediri surprised everyone outboxing Sam, who just couldn't find Sediri moved in and out, scored two knockdowns, and caught Sam with power punches on various occasions. Even on the last round, Sediri completely dominated and got Sam hurt, which got him a little too overconfident as he thought the fight was already won. But, with just 20 seconds remaining, Sam got his chance, a puncher's chance. [Applause] At the end of the day, that's boxing, the most technical sport in the world, yet everything can end with just a mere second of distraction. We would love to know your opinion. Are there any fights that remind you of this term? Share it in the comments.