Kind: captions Language: en What's going on, guys? Your boy, Coach Anthony, and today I got a special video. Three combinations, three strategies is going to definitely help you with your boxing. I got Ethan Gonzalez here. Super talented boxer, man. When he first walked into my first gym, he was 12 years old. Now, look at him, man. Grown man getting ready to go pro. Getting ready to do some great things in boxing. And he's going to go ahead and help me today demonstrate some of this stuff. All right. So, when we throw combinations, especially on the mits, man, you know, nowadays you see a lot of mit work going on and you got some good trainers out there doing some good stuff and then you got a lot of trainers out there that just doing whatever they think they know what they're doing and there's no realisticness to it, right? So, the key is to try to keep this stuff realistic. So, after we throw combinations, you got to go somewhere. You got to make a decision. You got to either move your head, move your feet. You have to basically go cut a new angle. You can't just throw a combination and stay in the same spot. So, let's just say we're throwing a one, two, three hook to the body. Right here, we got to make a choice, right? So, for the first choice, we're going to go ahead and roll under. 2 32 jab jab. Okay. So, if we was to run it quick, it would look like this. Uh-huh. Okay. Now, to some people, they might appreciate that. To some people might be like, "What they doing? They just doing some fancy stuff." But let's break the combination down. Okay? If he throws a one, two, three to my head. Bang, bang, bang. I got to respect the hook to the head. So, when that hook to the head comes, where's he going to go? He's going to go to throw the liver shot. Now, what people got to understand is when when people go to that liver shot, nine times out of 10, even though you can throw a right uppercut, the hook is typically the shot that gets thrown. From my experience for coaching for over, you know, for as long as I've been coaching, that's nine times out of 10 the shot that guys like to throw. They like to throw the left hook to the head when a guy shoots a left hook to the body. So, when you shoot that left hook to the body, he's rolling. But see, he didn't just roll. He took a step. Why did he step? Do it again. Bang. If I try to throw two shots, he's got a new angle, right? You see it? So now from that new angle, look at that beautiful right hand. Bang. Now he got a choice to make here. He can decide to continue to move right, but if he wants to work his way left, he's got to work his way left, jabbing to keep me distracted so I don't throw my right hand. Okay. So, did I just give too much right there? That was a lot, right? You think that y'all following me? Let's run that back one more time. So, he throws a one, two, three. Bang. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. It all has a purpose. Now, of course, when you see this stuff on the mids, this is best case scenario, right? This is like everything's going as planned. But that's kind of what you want to work on sometimes. You mean because if you could perfectly execute it, it'll work out. So, of course, I'm not just going to have him start there. We'll probably start it off with a jab. So, it'll be like bang bang. One, two, jab, bang, bang. running. Bang, bang, bang, bang. Uh-huh. Bang bang bang bang. See how pretty that looked? So, that's how we like to work with the fighters, right? We like to give him a set combination, but he understands the fundamentals. I got clips of him sparring today, ripping a left hook to the body, rolling under a hook. I mean, I literally got it. I probably put it on the clip somewhere up there. Maybe it didn't go exactly like this combination, but it just shows the fundamentals and how important they are. Okay. So again, he can also do something else, right? Let's just say he throws a hook to the body. He can also pivot left, which is something that's very good to do if you want to create a new angle. So let's just say he's popping a jab. Bang. He's here. Bang. Run it. Bang. He's out. Look, I got nothing. I got to go looking for him again. Now, when he gets that new angle, he has choices to make, right? So let's just say he go bang. He shoots that shot to the body. Bang. He turns. I'm close. Bang. Bang. Bang. He got options. He's close. Basically, any close hard power shot could work, right? I probably wouldn't throw that right hook. I mean, he could throw it cuz he's one of those fighters that could just release punches. But the straight right hand for sure, right uppercut for sure, right? Or he goes here, bang, he gets a little distance, bang, bang. He could work his double jab. And then for right there, he could make a decision after the double jab. You know what I mean? These are options because after he throws that double jab, right? Bang, bang. He can decide if he wants to stay there. Maybe he wants to reset. In boxing, you kind of have to adapt to what's happening in front of you, right? So, these are options that you have. Damn, that's two. All right, we'll give you guys one more. I'll give you guys one more. All right, last one. All right, we're going to go ahead and do is we'll set up that overhand, right? But we going to set it up by working that jab. Because when you want to set up a power punch in boxing, one of the best ways to set it up is with a good jab. Right? So he's going to go ahead pop that jab. Jab. Bam. Right? So now he's got me respecting it. Let's just say we was actually boxing. He's popping that jab. Look where my hands got to come. I got to bring that hand up. Especially if he's snapping that jab because somebody with a good jab snapping your head back after a while you're going to start covering up cuz you're like, "Yo, I don't want to get hit." And then that's when he's going to stab low. Bang. Okay. Now, if he hit somebody hits you with a jab there, you may not think that's going to hurt, but trust me, it's effective. So now when he does that, I'm here now. Now, look at that overhand. Boom. He's going to go ahead and shoot that shot. Okay. So, again, he's got that bang and he got that B and let it go. Woo! Look at that. I knew it was coming. He still hit me with it. You see what I'm saying? So, we're going to go ahead and demonstrate it. If he was on the mids, right? Bang. Bang. Go. You got to throw the jab to the body. Bang. Bang. Let it go. Bang. Bang. Woo. See what I'm saying? So that's the setup. Wow. So that's how we would work that. Okay. Now, of course, I can get into strategies of when I would do it if a guy's circling certain directions in the ring and all that. I think we're going to save that for another video. I think I'm giving too much. What you think? A little bit too much. A little too much free game. I should be charging for this, but you know, I love you, right? So, I'm hooking you up today, man. It's been a minute. I know I've been kind of incognito, so that's why I'm doing this. Now, we talked about you have to make decisions after you're done punching, right? So, he went here, he went here, and he threw that. He has to make a decision. One of the easiest decisions is to roll out. Why do we like rolling out? It resets the body. It also avoids a potential hook. He can't stay here, right? He's just hanging there for no reason. He has to make a decision. So, that's the first one. So, he'll go bang, bang, bang. any potential counter, he's out of there. Now, if he's really feeling brave in that moment and feels like he can get more off, bang, bang, bang, bang. Okay, he could go ahead and rip that hook to the body. So, let's just say he does that. Bang bang. Woo! Beautiful. Beautiful play shot. All right. So, let's just say we're running it all. Let's just do it all. Okay, jab. Uh-huh. Okay. Of course, I'm going to throw a little shots back. Make it realistic for him. One, two, three. Body roll. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. We moving. How low. Hello. Open hand. Now, you see what he did there? That's an extra one. You just gave him an extra one. Y'all see what he did? If y'all saw what he did, leave it in the comments. We going to leave it there for today, guys. Make sure you guys go to the website, coachanthonyboxing.com. Check out the descriptions. I got a bunch of stuff on there, man. Stop sleeping on the courses. You guys are definitely going to want to check it out. And make sure you guys follow future world champion Ethan Gonzalez. All his information will be in the description. I want you guys to keep up with him. And you already know, box.