Kind: captions Language: en What's his full name? What's coach Anthony? Anony's first name. What's Anony's last name? It's Anthony Rodriguez. Hey. Well, Anthony Rodriguez deserves deserves the credit, man. Ford had that was a motivational corner between 11 two rounds and you're a world champion, but you got to work. But Anthony Rodriguez, coach Anthony in that corner way forward and the strategy they put forth and the motivational messages that coach me, my favorite coach, Coach Anthony, Coach Anthony, fantastic guidance in the biggest fight of his career. Great job by the corner for Coach Anony's name is Tim. This guy deserves a lot of praise. Every single round, he guided him to victory tonight. He's motivated him. He's told him what he needed to do. They had a game. My boy Coach Anthony was holding the man, man. They can't hate on you no more, man. You got a chance. You see that? Y'all want to learn real boxing? Check out Coach Anthony boxing. Shout out to Coach Anthony and Coach Anthony Boxing. What's going on, guys? Your boy Coach Anthony, and I got Ethan Gonzalez, future world champion. And today I'm going to give you guys a drill that you guys can do on the heavy bag to work on your defense, to work on your reflexes. And this is something you're obviously going to need a partner. So you need to find a partner or maybe your coach or if you're a coach, you want to work this with your fighter. This could help. And I'm sure you guys seen a lot of fighters doing this, professional fighters, guys like Canelo and a bunch of other top guys doing stuff like this. And this is actually something that's really good because you know the heavy bag a lot of times people need a little bit of motivation or they may need a little bit of visualization to go ahead and execute the defense on the bag cuz the bag don't hit back, right? So a lot of times you need some sort of a reminder or some sort of a trigger. So we going to get right into it. All right. So right now it's going to be real simple. Ethan's going to throw a right hand. So I'm on two. I'm sorry. And the first trigger obviously is going to be I'm going to shoot a hook. He's going to block it. And the reason why we're going to work on that first is because for two reasons. Reason number one, I want to make sure that he's bringing his hand back to his chin. Reason number two, I want him to catch that shot. And then I want him to fire right off. So he's going to go ahead and throw a one, two. I'm going to throw the hook and he's going to come right back on that same side with a 2, three, two. So let's go ahead and do it quick. Beautiful. again. Again. My bad. There you go. Look, he was ready. And look, you see that I forgot to throw the hook and that's okay. The whole point is that he was defensively responsible and defensively ready. Okay, so let's do it one more time cuz I don't like messing up. Okay, now we're going to add another drill. Now, that's something that you could do. And matter of fact, at the end of this video, I'm going to give you guys a nice little routine that you guys could do this on your own. But basically, to make it easy for you guys to understand, you could do that for a whole round. Literally, that could be a whole round drill. Now, we're going to go ahead and want to roll under and come back with the same combination. Yep. And run it again. Again. Beautiful. So, you see that? So now we're working the head movement, right? So let's piece it together. Okay. Right now I have him throw a one, two, block the hook, fire back, roll under, and come back with the 2,32. Ready and run. Beautiful. Again, that was me again. Uh-huh. Good. One more time. Uh-huh. Good. Now, if he wants to do it, you know, kind of like if we're hitting the miss, he can finish with a double jab. Let's do that. Uh-huh. Beautiful. All right. So, now last one. I'll attack the body. The same idea. He'll go ahead throw the one, two. Now, as you can see, leave it out there for a second. As you can see, there's an exposure here, right? So, of course, I'm going to check his body to make sure that he brings his hands back. Ready? So, one, two, and he'll fire right back. All right. So one, two, air run it again. Good. And now from right there, since I went to the body after a 23, three, two, like that, I probably want you to roll under the hook and then you're going to come back with a 2, three. Run it. Uh-huh. Beautiful. Yep. One more time. Uh-huh. Beautiful. And if we wanted to piece the top at the end, he could go ahead and after he rolls under 232. I'll check you for the hook. 232. So it'll beop bop bop bop bop. Uh-huh. Bop bop. Yep. We can do that too. That works too. That works too. At the end of the day, it ain't about the punches. This is about the defense and the countering. So that's a counter that could work whatever you feel comfortable with off. Ready and go. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Beautiful. You see that? So there you go, guys. Those are some drills that you can do. As you can see, he mixed it up. Now, you can do that concentrated like that or once you have a little bit more experience, you can kind of just freestyle and I can just shoot the shots and then he can just react as he feels. So, let's do that. Let's finish off with that. Little bonus for you guys. Ready. Uh-huh. And there you go. So, you notice I'm sticking to that side right now. That's what I'm trying to get him to defend. I'm trying to get him to protect himself after shooting the right hand. In another video, we'll go ahead and show you how you could do it on the lead side and the different drills that you could do there. Guys, I'm going to have a little uh link for you guys to go ahead and get that full workout. So, all you got to do is go to the link description below. I'm going to get it hook you up with that absolutely free. It's going to be a nice little routine that you guys can actually do with your partner or your coach or you're with your fighter, whatever. So, make sure you check that out. And guys, go to the website coachanthony boxing.com so you guys can learn boxing the real way. I have Ethan's links in there. Make sure you follow him and you already know. Oxin life. Hey yo, last time I rocked this on my Instagram, I got a lot of questions, man. So, I'm going to have the link so you guys can go ahead and cop yourself one of these fire hoodies. I know some of y'all thinking you're like, "Yo, what is that? One of my peoples uh put out this dope clothing line." So, you know, I'm rocking this real quick, guys. So, I want you guys to go ahead and check that out. You already know.