Kind: captions Language: en And this is something you're obviously going to need a partner. So, you need to find a partner or maybe your coach or if you're a coach and you want to work this with your fighter, this could help. And I'm sure you guys seen a lot of fighters doing this, professional fighters, guys like Canelo and a bunch of other top guys doing stuff like this. And this is actually something that's really good because, you know, the heavy bag, a lot of times people need a little bit of motivation or they may need a little bit of visualization to go ahead and execute the defense on the bag cuz the bag don't hit back, right? So, a lot of times you need some sort of a reminder or some sort of a trigger. And the first trigger obviously is going to be I'm going to shoot a hook. He's going to block it. And the reason why we're going to work on that first is because for two reasons. Reason number one, I want to make sure that he's bringing his hand back to his chin. Reason number two, I want him to catch that shot and then I want him to fire right off. So, he's going to go ahead and throw a one, two, I'mma throw the hook and he's going to come right back on that same side with a 2,32. So, let's go ahead and do it quick. Beautiful. Again, the whole point is that he was defensively responsible and defensively ready. Okay, so let's do it one more time cuz I don't like messing up. Okay, now now we're going to go ahead and want to roll under and come back with the same combination. Yep. And run it again. Beautiful. Right now, I have him throw a one, two, block the hook, fire back, roll under, then come back with the 2, three, two. Ready and right. Beautiful. You know, kind of like if we're hitting the miss, he can finish with a double jab. Let's do that. Uh-huh. Beautiful. All right, so now last one. I'll attack the body. the same idea. He'll go ahead throw the one, two. Now, as you can see, leave it out there for a second. As you can see, there's an exposure here, right? So, of course, I'm gonna check his body to make sure that he brings his hands back. Ready? So, one, two, and he'll fire right back. All right. So, one, two, and run it again. Good. And now from right there, since I went to the body after a 232 like that, I probably want you to roll under the hook. And then you're going to come back with a 232. Run it. Uh-huh. Beautiful. Yep. One more time. Uh-huh. [Music]