Kind: captions Language: en All right. So, first and foremost, okay, when I throw this shot right here, there's going to be two different things. All right, if I throw, let's let's give you guys a quick lesson, a quick boxing lesson. All right, cuz I know some of y'all out there, you know what I mean? Y'all don't even know the difference. So, I got to show y'all. All right, if I throw a straight right hand at Ethan, right, he's going to ride with the shot and he's going to be in a position to come back with his own right hand. Okay. If I am a southpaw or if I am orthodox and I throw a right hook, he has an opening right there to shoot that short hook around the side. So, there's a big difference from doing this and doing this, right? It's two different shots, but it looks the same when you see the fighters catch you with the pads or, you know, I mean, the floats. You feel what I'm saying? It looks the same, but you have to know the difference. He's going to know the difference on the bag right now. So, what I'm going to go ahead and have him do after he throws his jab, typically the counter is a right hand. I'm gonna put him in position so he can counter with the right hand. So, right there, he can follow up if he wants or if he can just shoot one, whatever. You can follow, whatever you want to do. But the main thing is the defense. So, ready and jab. Good. Again. Uh-huh. Again. Again. again. Beautiful. Okay. So, you see what he's doing. He's catching and he's ripping right off the off the catch. Okay. Now, I'm going to go ahead and bring it around the side is if I throw this shot to his body, he's in a position for a hook or an uppercut. Since this isn't a uppercut bag, I'd recommend that you just shoot a hook because sometimes trying to shoot the uppercut might not feel comfortable. So, I go here or yeah, you could do it. If you feel comfortable with the uppercut, shoot it. There you go. See, he's so good. He can do it. Ready? Go. Good. Again. Again. Up. Good. There you go. Maybe we put it together. Maybe I You throw the jab. I shoot it. Bang. Bang. Bang. Bang. Bang. Bang. Yep. Ready and go. Again. Beautiful. Again, he was still ready for the defense even though I messed up. So that's what this drill is for. It's to put you in position for the defense.