Kind: captions Language: en Heat. [music] Hey, Heat. Hey, [music] hey, [music] hey, hey. [music] Hey, [music] [music] hey, hey. Hey, hey, [music] hey, [music] hey. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey, [music] hey, hey. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Hey, hey, hey. [music] Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; appreciate you, man. Make sure you guys go to YouTube. I'm live talking to Instagram right now. But yeah, I see you guys over there. You guys know what's up. All right. What's going on? What's going on, guys? I got [clears throat] fast Eddie Chambers in the building. Look, guys. make sure that we got enough space. And we got Eddie got the gloves. I got the mints. We're going to answer your questions. We're going to have Eddie demonstrate it. Okay. And you guys already know, man, mid work is one of the best ways to demonstrate and learn boxing. It's literally like you're boxing somebody without getting hit, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. like it's it's actually like it's gone and it's like you got a person in front of you, right? That's the reason why I'm coming out with milliondollar myths. If you guys know, Million-Dollar M is going to be the best men course ever created in history. Hands down. I got Fast Eddie Chambers with me. I'mma teach you guys all of that. But yeah, man. Today we want to go ahead and talk a little bit, you know what I mean? And uh help you guys with some stuff. Had a few people yesterday, too, asking some questions. Go ahead and say what up to some of the people in here though. What's going on guys? Go ahead. I'm doing this just me and Eddie guys. So you already know we got El Como. Hell yeah. What's going on? We got Richard. What's going on, champ? How you doing? Yes. I've been waiting for million-dollar mitts for over a year now. You already know what's going down, man. It's going to be good. We got Duncan copyrighting. What's going on, man? You copyright, bro. You can think you can make me some sales with some of my um emails. What's going on, man? We got Justin in the building. Did 12 threem minutee rounds of two pound hand weights last night after my strength training uphill two-m walk. About to repeat my shadow boxing routine again. All right, I see you, champ. We got Frederick Jones in the building. What up, coach? What up, Eddie? What's going on? Justin Wines Midwork used to be so therapeutic. It still is, baby boy. What's going on, man? Of course. You know, you know what it is. We got JC. What's good, coach? What's good, my guy? Look, I'm down here reading these comments. Look, y'all make boxing so fun, man. We try to, man. We try to make boxing fun. We got Fast Eddie. Make sure you guys go ahead and drop those questions. Okay, before you drop the questions, though. Okay, let me go ahead and uh drop this link for y'all. Okay, so for those of you guys who are excited about Million-Dollar Mitch, take two minutes out right now. Just fill this actually two seconds. Fill this out and get on the waiting list. Get on the waiting list for Million-Dollar Mitts. Okay. And uh we're going to go ahead and start it, man. My man said, "Good question right here, Eddie." And I'll have you demonstrated right here. Okay. Hold on. I don't know what the hell happened there. Uh, he said, "Where do you look? Where do you look when you're boxing, Eddie?" So, that's a good question, man. People talk about this all the time. People ask this people ask this question all the time. So, I I'll, you know, I have my ideas, but you know, you're professional fighter. You know, for me, because I'm such [clears throat] a counter, I'm kind of looking, I guess, with my eyes trying to see what they're planning. Even that even that I'm really giving the target. I'm really trying to get to see what they're looking at, what they're going to try. So, I'm trying to give them something. So, for me, I love combat. One of my favorite things. So, I'll literally lean like this. And this looks defensive, especially [clears throat] with me. I like to walk people down kind of with my hand down like that as uh as heavy I walk you know even the big guys down. So I'll do this and lean on my front foot to draw offense. So in reality am I really looking at anything? Not necessarily. Man, like I said, I mainly look at the eyes or or or &gt;&gt; honestly I I feel like I feel like like uh I had I seen the trainers say this a long time ago on YouTube and he actually like I resonated with what he said. So I got Okay, cool. Well, I got a few different things. I let Eddie I'm sure he's gonna say exactly what's on my mind. I'm going let him get the shamber. But one of the things I'm going to say is when you get into a car, right, this is what this is what the coach said. All right, I'm taking the words out of his mouth. Right? So this is what the coach said and I agree with him. When you get into a car, you're you know, you're not looking at the car directly in front of you. You're kind of looking at the car in front of you. You're looking at the car in this lane. You're looking at the car in this lane. You're looking in the rear mirror. You're kind of looking at everything. So when I'm boxer Eddie, like I'm here like, yeah, I might look at his eyes for a second. I might look at his chest for a second, but I'm not necessarily glued to any part of his body in particular. You see what I'm saying? But anyway, go ahead. What I was going to say was I always I'm always think direction. So, I'm looking at I think so. as &gt;&gt; I knew that's what he was upset. &gt;&gt; But yo, a good thing to do though, a good thing to do though in reality, guys, is to like if like for instance, like if I'm looking at Eddie's body, really throw that. &gt;&gt; So now when I look at his body now and I go up, he thinks he think he thinks I'm going to go exactly where I want. So you got to sell it. You got to sell it. So, you know, we talk about that a lot like with throwing the jab like like I th my hand. All right. Like throw a jab like for real, right? So, if I'm I'm acting like a boxer now. I'm not acting like a holder. But I'm really He's throwing a real jab. He has to throw a real jab at me for me to kind of be like, "Okay, if I didn't block that jab, it would have hit me." So now when he fakes that jab and then he comes around the side with a hook or something like that, I believe it. So it's the same thing with the eyes, right? Like you faint with your eyes. You look somewhere, you really throw and then and then and [laughter] then the next time maybe you do it again and then the next time maybe you drop a faint [clears throat] whether it's a right hand, a left, there's so many different things you can do off of that. You feel me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So yeah, there's that. I mean, I got these bits on like like I was going to demonstrate something, you know, but anyway, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, go ahead. Y go ahead and keep asking those questions. Um, try to make this. I'm over here just looking at you guys questions real quick. Guys, you guys have any questions, go ahead and uh and ask. Okay, this is a good one here. Eddie, coach, can you demonstrate how to throw a proper lead hook in southpaw? [clears throat] Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, south. &gt;&gt; Well, you're you're in luck because Eddie likes to box southpaw. So, we'll go ahead. He said southpole. Yeah, left hook. A right hook from a south. You're asking for a lead hook as a south pole. Yes, that would be your hook. All right. So, there's two different ways I like to teach it. But if somebody who's like Eddie who's real fast twitch, he can release that hook literally from right there, right? Right here. You see that? You see how he's just like [snorts] just letting it go right from right right there. There's no telegraphing. It's just a simple just I always talked about in the past like a hand drop. See what I'm doing right here? hand drop turn, right? But if you do it quick, you don't see the drop because when I drop and thorough, that's how it opens. All right? But when you do it quick, it's there's also another thing called stir the pot and you're stirring a big pot of soup. And then when you get here, boom. But when you notice when I'm here is boom. So it's the same thing from southpaw, right? So he just does it from southpaw. You hear that? You hear a pop on that? Now you can also put some weight on that lead leg. It's a little more telegraph power hook. So like he's almost like here. Right. So you come here and then you shoot it. But again, that's more of like a power hook. We're just shooting a hook. You want it to be as little telegraphed as possible. If you got a good shoulder and good lower body mechanics, he really lower body. Eddie, let me let's back it up a little bit. Back, guys. [clears throat] We're doing the best we can with what we got. See, watch Eddie's uh how his knee turns in. I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll take this question off, Eddie, and face the camera &gt;&gt; Yeah. so you can see it. We're going to go ahead. You see what we do for you guys, man? We go the extra mile, man. &gt;&gt; We go the extra &gt;&gt; Hey, we go the extra mile. Go ahead, Eddie. So, and let's talk about that pivot and non-pivot like the foot back up. The foot turns or you don't turn it. We'll go ahead and tell your thoughts on that from your perspective and just demonstrate real quick. &gt;&gt; Let's throw the hook. Yeah. Start hook like you normally would. So you notice Eddie's foot. It does a little pivot. I think a lot of people have this indication of like should you [laughter] pivot or should you not pivot. I think it's tomatoes to tomato tomato tomato tomatoes. At that point if you pivot because I had a debate with guy. He said you should never pivot the foot. And he said you can't find a professional fighter that actually pivots the foot in a real fight. But then I went ahead and found the Nomito Donaire fight. Big shout out to Nomito Donaire because I got a chance to be with him in Vegas earlier this like literally the Canelo fight week. And there's an actual video of him pivoting a hard pivot and knocking the dude clean out with a left hook. So then I sent that video over to I said, "What do you mean you can't pivot?" So then he was like, "Oh, that's your that's your uh you know your I forgot what he Yeah. He was like that's &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like it doesn't happen. But I think it's a good training tool. I think it's good to pivot as a as a way to learn how to rotate. I think that though if you do too hard of a pivot, you will be off balance if you miss the hook. True, man. It's slower in certain in certain instances. Like it's like even [clears throat] like you was throwing a straight right hand. It just takes more time. I don't know. I mean, you can throw it faster, I guess. And if it's a counter shot, you're kind of sitting on it. You got to say something yesterday. I don't think there's anything you can say after what he said yesterday. If y'all didn't hear what he said yesterday, [laughter] I'm not even going to say it again. Just go to yesterday's live stream and you'll see what I'm talking about. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Go ahead. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; No, but but it to me it's just a little bit of a longer process. You know what I mean? As opposed to maybe like people like a zealous pushes right into it or a regular hook without even piv. It's quicker. You know what I'm saying? But you turn. See, the process takes a little bit longer. So that's the only thing about the turn. Like you can't throw combinations turning like that. Turn pivoting feet. &gt;&gt; It just I mean you can, but it's going to be slow. It ain't going to be a combination anymore. &gt;&gt; You got to have pop in order to throw combination or even to throw an explosive quick shot like boom. And you know, you know another good another good way if you decide to use the pivot save for the last shot. Now that for example back one, two back one, two, three normally you can see I throw one, two, three in a combination. But even there you see at the end see that little pivot. So boom, you can now notice the foot. He does the pivot. He just doesn't over pivot. That's the key, y'all. Don't over pivot. Don't Don't be like this foot should be like way up here. And another reason why we say save it for the last shot. Imagine if you throw a right hand, left hook or left hook, right hand. I go like this. See what I'm saying? Look how I look. I look crazy, right? So I can't be like full pivot, full pivot, right? It's got to be right. And even then, look, when I do that pivot, it's like, like everything, it's not an extreme pivot. It's a controlled pivot. So, and I, you know, so I think you should pivot. It just shouldn't be an exaggerated pivot. And if you don't pivot, as long as you're getting this, everything involved. You see how, look, I didn't pivot, but the hip, the knee, everything rotated in, especially on a body shot. Boom. Or boom. You're still getting the turn and the rotation that you need when you're throwing that shot. A lot of old school guys. I talk guys a couple guys over [clears throat] and it was kind we kind of laughed at it a little bit but we would pivot even on uppercuts like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. like &gt;&gt; that that just it just does not work. It don't make it's too slow. &gt;&gt; I hope that answers your question. &gt;&gt; I hope that answers your question, champ. Just going through these uh these questions. Super chats immediately get answered. My man just said you got reactive defensive responsibility drills. a reactive defensive responsibility drill. Okay. Well, &gt;&gt; so after I guess I guess active Well, guess what? Look, this is how simple it is. A active defensive responsibility drill. Let's just say Eddie throws the one two and when he throws it, I roll. Right? Like this is basic. It looks so basic when you see this on the internet, but go ahead. Right? So look, the goal is throw that hook. I mean that right here. Look how look where I throw the hook though, right? So he literally has to get under it, right? So now we drill it. Go ahead. Good. Good. So there you go. So I'll make sure that he's constantly doing that. A lot of guys like we had this conversation the other day in the gym and I'm going to share it with you guys right now. We talk about do you always want to roll after a right hand? And the answer is not. Not necessarily. However, when you're in training, it's good to do it when you finish with a right hand. And the reason is in a real situation, obviously, let's just say he hits me [clears throat] with a one, two, right? And let's just say I don't throw that. Let's say he does one. He may come back up. If he rolls, he may miss the follow, right? He just missed the followup. Now he's got to come get me, right? So now you may say, well then why would you drill a guy calls to roll all the time, right? But the whole but the but this is the thing. This is the thing, bro. Like yo, anyway, this is the thing. So when you throw the one two and I roll them, right? Okay. So now what happens is when you're boxing somebody in real time, something called anticipation, right? So if you never train the roll, if you never work on the responsibility of rolling after a cross, what happens is he'll throw the one two without the roll and then the shot comes. He's not used to doing this. So when the shot comes and you get that.1 millisecond that your field vision has to drop under the shot, you're not going to be trained to do it. So that's why I think it's a good I think there's certain things in boxing that we do that I like to call training tools because it may not happen that way, but if you get your body to respond in a certain way when something happens quick, you make the you're used to dripping, you're used to slipping, you're used to dropping, you're used to rolling, if you get a guy who all he does go boom boom and he stays here when the shot comes, he's going to be right there for the shot. If he never works on getting back quick, if he never works on these things, when it happens in real speed, he's not gonna respond because he's like, "Yo, I don't ever train this way." You know what I mean? You agree? &gt;&gt; 100%. So, I think it's good to do these things as a repetitive thing, even if that's not what's necessarily going to happen at that particular time. You know what I mean? Another re reactive thing you can too is let's just say he's throwing a one two and he's not bringing his hands back to his chin. So what I'll do is I'll just throw that hook and instead of him rolling got to make sure his hands come back. So okay so now would be here two. All right. So now I throw that hook at him. He's making sure his hand is coming back because what happens with a lot of guys they'll drag and shot. Right. They'll throw the right hand. They won't bring it fully back to their chin. There's still a hold there, right? So, you want to get your guy to throw that right hand and come back here, right? Boom. Boom. You, you know, you respond. And also, what I like about that sometimes is it teaches you that rotation of the waist. So, like hand rotates back, you have to rotate his whole body. Go ahead. In order to get that, you feel me? So, hopefully that helps. He said it did. Thank you, coach. Okay, this is a good question, Eddie. I'll let you answer this. You fought all the big punches. Can you explain why punches are born not made? Can normal people develop knockout power given they were not born a power puncher? I'll let you talk and then I'll go. Well, I think um it's like a guy like or let's just look at bring this basketball. It's like Nate Robinson, like Nate Robinson is 5'9, but he got like a 45 inch B. Something you can't train. I mean, something you can't train is that natural ability to be able to jump. But you can train other people to be explosive like that. they're not going to be as explosive as he is, but you can still train the proper movements. It's the same thing in boxing. You can train. It's like if it was just boxers are born punchers and not baby. To a degree that is true, [clears throat] but if you come into the gym and you can be a puncher like in the street knocking people out, you come in the gym, your punches just feel like that because you're not throwing them right. So, it is a good bit of technique that turns you into the punches that you could be. Now, to maximize it or to be that Deontay Wilder, Mike Tyson or or what's my guy's name? Ernie Shavers type of puncher or George Foreman type of puncher. Those are that's natural gifts that the boxing helped enhance, right? Because even if they would have been guys with Street Fighters, they probably still knocked some people out on the street. But they get in the ring, telegraphing wide ass shots, doing like this, landing with your fingers, not your, you know what I mean? Not your knuckles. Those are all things that won't equate to knockouts with guys who know how to defend shots or at least even know how to take shots. So boxing and punching, learning how to punch turns you from being into a ordinary puncher or not such a great puncher into a knockout guy. So I think the technique has a lot to do with it. But yes, as we get to the elite of the elite, like I said, the Wilders, the Shavers, the Olympics Lewis, Mike Tyson's, you know what I mean, the Foreman, yes, there is a edge that they have over the rest of the population. 100%. I agree with Eddie 100% on that. Um, and you know, I think a lot of it too hasn't with the technique to me is number one. Um, you know, you got to be in shape. Number two, you got to be in shape. But I'm gonna be honest, bro. help me for guys that never boxed before. As soon as they learn, damn. Like I'm like, when this guy learns how to box, he's gonna be trouble. You know what I mean? So, yes, there's no doubt about it that people are born. It's just like some people are born tall, some people are short, some people are regular height, some people are fast, some people are strong, some people could talk on camera, some people can't, but they they're brainiacs behind a computer. like we we you know what I'm saying? Like everybody's got their own natural gifts, you feel me? But at the same time, I also think something that people don't talk about that helps with punching power is intention. &gt;&gt; So, right. So, so you so you talk about punching with bad intention, right? And what happens is when you get guys like the real technical boxes who are extremely smart, a lot of the times they don't fully commit to punches because they're thinking of the defense of responsibility. right? Where a puncher kind of takes that chance and just punches through. And when he punches through, he gets a good result if he lands cleanly. Only thing is you get tele you telegraph your shots sometimes and and stuff like that. And think about the big punches, the George Foreman, the Deontay Wilders, you know what I mean? Like those guys that were natural punchers, they had bad intent behind their punches and you can see those punches coming out. guys like Tyson I think were trained into being a good puncher but he also speed you know he had good genetics for his you know good genetics speed yeah I think his speed was what really generated his power you know what I mean and he had very good technique as well he had his own style of boxing that I think only guys like him &gt;&gt; um I think it was Floyd Patter those guys that were trained by custom very unique style that worked for shorter, stockier guy and he was in fantastic shape. Let's be honest. I mean, the guy worked very hard. You're not going to be that fast and hit that hard. If you're out of shape, people underestimate what just getting in good shape can do for you. Like, people want I want to hit hard. I want to hit fast. Like, let's just get you in shape. Like, let's get in good shape, learn some good technique, and you never know, you might be the next big puncher out there. You know what I mean? And have some intention behind your shots. You know, actually think about when you try to knock guys out when you went to the UK, you started getting knockouts, but what changed? You had to you had intention. &gt;&gt; It was you wasn't so focused on being just slick. You were more like you got to have a bit of both in order. And I think in my career, that was one of the biggest issues I had early on in my career. When I was young, everything was all about getting the knockouts. I'm on my record. all these guys that I get in the ring with. I'm like, I'm stopping all and I didn't always work out that way, but the intention was there. And even I remember first time I was only 165 pounds this time. There was this guy who was experienced. His name was Bryson. Steve was watching. He didn't be able to tell you about Bryson. He kind of was a slow in the chat yesterday. &gt;&gt; Oh, that was Bronson. &gt;&gt; No, he was saying Bronson. He was saying Charles Bronson. That's what he was talking. But um but no, this guy, he was like an experienced guy. And when I first spared him, I had this animalistic type. Like I just was trying to tear things with hell. And I was just always I told you yesterday I was aggressive, super aggressive. And I got with him. He just came back from winning Ohio State Fair. And I mean I was taping big shots at the end. I remember between He did hard, man. Could you imagine somebody saying that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about me? He hit hard. I was 165. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like [clears throat] he hit hard. And it was more about natural ability to to a degree because even at 165, I'm still hitting probably similar. I was I was young at the time. But um I'm still probably hitting decent for that size. If I was 165 or 160 right now, I would hurt a lot of people. Even cruiser weight, I would hurt a lot of people. But um what I'm saying is the intention was what you were speaking about. The intention was there. And I was trying to get every even in small. And I had to check that eventually soon because people would get tired because after I got after I did at the end the first round my ass the next two rounds because I was too tired. &gt;&gt; Well, no. Think about think about Canelo, &gt;&gt; right? Canelo was a guy everybody wonders why he gets tired in the rounds, right? Everybody be like, "Man, it seems like he doesn't have a gas tank." But if you [clears throat] watch Canelo fight, he's throwing big shots. Even though he's not throwing a lot of shots, he's throwing big shots usually from the beginning of the fight, like big hooks, big overhands, big body shots, you know what I mean? And that takes energy. You can even see when he's hitting the bag, those are the kind of shots that he's focused on where when you have other guys that are focused more on just picking good shots and stuff, they're able to just conserve a little bit better. So, yeah, intention also Hopefully this is helpful for you guys, man. So you can see what we doing. No days off November, guys. We're here to provide as much value as we can every day for the month of November. All right, one second here. Guys, you see I just dropped the link in the chat. Milliondoll Mints. Make sure you guys get on that waiting list, guys. This Met Work course is going to be crazy. You guys are definitely going to love it. It's 23 hours. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm coming through for some more of your questions, guys. Give me one second here. &gt;&gt; All right. A few people asking for the check hook, Eddie. &gt;&gt; Check hook. &gt;&gt; Few people asking for the check hook. Uh [clears throat] &gt;&gt; south. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I throw the check. I like to throw the check hook. Little different than Eddie, but [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, listen, whatever works, bro. That's another thing about boxing. You guys got to understand like um there's more than one way to skin a cat, right? As my man Brisco likes to say, right? There's there's more than one way to do things, man. And um end of the day is whatever works. Like let's be honest. Like imagine if somebody for those guys a little older, imagine if somebody told Ricardo Mayorga, "Don't throw those wild punches against Vernon Force, man. That's not good technique." Right? like he beat Burning Force twice. Okay? And Burning Force is a hell of a boxer. And Mayor Riv swinging like this, right? So imagine telling my that that's not going to work. Now, I'm not going to recommend that anybody does what he did in the ring. He dropped his hands and let him punch him in the face and still won the fight, right? So I'm not going to say what he did is intelligent. But what I'm going to say is whatever works. There's numerous couple of ways to do a check hook. Eddie likes to do the pivot. We'll demonstrate it. I'm gonna take this question off of the screen though, just so you can see the feet. So, give me one second here, y'all. One second. &gt;&gt; No one pivot to be honest. &gt;&gt; Yeah, true, true. You don't like &gt;&gt; pivoting is just you can actually just slide slide out and just stay &gt;&gt; move. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. 100%. So basically the best time to throw a check hook is if you're when somebody's throwing a right hand at you. If you're orthodox versus man you can set it up. You know what I mean? So I'm trying to shoot that right hand. He [clears throat] comes around my my shot and he lands his hook. So basically when I'm holding the pitch, what I'll do is I'll walk in and let him do his let him do his job. Just check checkmate. Right. So it again good. And what I like to do is I'll actually throw across so he kind of simulates. There we go. Do it again. So there you go. Just to teach him to get out of there. Right. So you notice he just doesn't want to pivot. Right. The way I've told it in the past is the Russian check where basically you just step or cub like whatever either one you just step [clears throat] and land shot. I like that because I feel like I got more control because if let's just say I miss then I can just come right back into that where if I go like this but you you you're always on a swivel. So you'll just do exactly what I just did. Like if Eddie will miss, he'll swivel one way and swivel back if you miss. So if I miss Eddie swiveling back, I already know he's going to do it because I've seen him do it a thousand times. You know what I'm saying? So, but if you do it like this, you ain't got to see how right go like that. That's how you [clears throat] learn it. My right hand right down this I don't like this one. But you see a lot of like the Europeans and the the [clears throat] overseas fighters, they'll do that right. I see a lot big amateur shot. Me personally, never thrown that shot in my life, but I've actually worked with guys who do throw that shot and I'll place them in there for me. They'll land nice and clean the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. But this one right here, like I said, I like it. I can actually slide this way and I'm out of there. So, that's one way to do it. do it [snorts] way when he gets close enough to you. A good time, another good time to throw that check hook is if somebody shooting a hook to your body. So like if I'm throwing a left hook to his body, &gt;&gt; I'm going straight down. You know what I mean? I don't straight down that or the south ball, right? You can do it off the jab. Boom. I've also seen it very good against the south pole when the south pole goes to throw the straight left hand to the body because what happen is a lot of guys drop that opposite hand when they throw the straight left hand or the straight right hand. So I go to throw the straight left hand to his body. Boom. And I get clipped on the way in. I've seen guys get dropped cuz I there's a video on Instagram where when I was with uh Ter Farmer, one of the guys did it to a fighter and I'm standing outside of the ring. somewhere on my Instagram, but he was actually a southpaw called doing it to an Orthodox guy. The Orthodox guy threw the the right hand, he dropped his hand like that. And when he dropped his hand like that, he was hit him with a check and he slid out to his right and that was all. Kid went straight down. So those are the times you would throw the check for the most part. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; We got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Pizza with the super chat. Thank you for the super chat, guys. What's one invisible skill that separates amateurs from highlevel fighters? How do you approach to building a fighter's identity or style? or how do you tailor training to their natural strengths? Let me ask this one more time, Eddie. &gt;&gt; What is one invisible skill that separates amateurs from high level fighters? &gt;&gt; How do you approach? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would. Yeah, high level. I guess maybe even high level amateurs or how do you al how do you approach building a fighter's identity or style? How do you tailor training to their strengths? So the first part I think confers the lower level fighters some skilled I see you got guys there are skilled but they're low level ski lower level fighters compared to the ones who are elite level even in our gym it's confidence it's belief you know what I mean it's the it's understanding who you're facing and whether or Not uh how do I put this? No, I think it's I think it mainly is just confidence. I think confidence separates the good from the great. And I also think like part of his intention too is like you look at Terence Crawford versus some other good even as good as Earl was or is Terence Crawford is that much in front of him more so I mean there's there's skill gaps too but it's because of his confidence his belief his his understanding of what he does his skill you know what I mean all of these things separate I think confidence is the main thing that sep Yeah, for sure. And I think the natural of tailoring to a natural fighter's a natural strength and weaknesses that just takes having a relationship with the fighter over time and learning about the fighter. So, you know, some fighters you got to you got to like boxing training, man, is so similar to like being in a relationship as crazy as that sounds because it's like a boss. &gt;&gt; I mean, whatever. &gt;&gt; It is a relationship. If it is a relationship or even a friendship, whatever you want to call it, right? It's it's you are learning the other person and they're learning you as well. Because somebody might come to me for me to coach them and I might be like, "Yo, man, stop being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and and they take offense to it and they don't realize I'm just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around, bro. I'm just like trying to motivate them, right?" But if they know me over the course of some time, that's coach K. He's just he's actually on my side when he says that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know what I mean? and he actually is showing love when he calls me that. You know, I don't do that to my people. I mean, I might [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around here and there, but you see what I'm saying? So, as a fighter, I might say that to a fighter and see that they shell up or they get defensive. So, nah, no. Okay, this guy very sensitive. Let me work with him a different way. Or this guy has a learning curve that's very slow. Let me be patient with this guy. This guy picks up things extremely fast. Let me give him more because he's ready for more. So, this guy is a natural puncher. So, let me go ahead and focus on bringing out that because I'm going to get knockouts. This guy doesn't got a lot of power. He's got other tools that we can build. I can't figure that out till I get to know him. I can't figure that I can make believe. I got a playbook. All right. This is the Coach Anthony playbook. Guaranteed you're going to win. No. I mean, I have my ideologies, my fundamentals, and stuff that I teach my style. However, I still got to know you. We got to get together. We got to work. We got to build. we got to go through some ups and downs together like like this is the long game truthfully. You know what I mean? This isn't like some overnight success. So, you know, if you work with a fighter, it's going to take time. It's going to take patience. It's going to take making some mistakes and everything. It's like a lot that goes into it. It's not just guaranteed like you got to like you got to figure [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. That's a skill too itself. As a coach, &gt;&gt; understand that you got to learn to fight. You got to be willing to spend time [snorts] with willing to take the, you know, the the moments of envy and frustrated, upset, you know what I mean? You got to learn. It's still a personal relationship. We always talk about personal training. I think about the training, but the personal part is just &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. There's a lot of people that I turn down in boxing because I know it's going to take me to be able to help that fighter out and I just don't want to waste that fighter's time and I don't want to waste my time. You know what I mean? So, when we turn down people, we [clears throat] turn down more people than we accept. And believe me when I tell you it's because we understand, okay, that's a super commitment. So you as a coach, if you're a coach getting into this, just understand when you take on the role of trainer, you are taking a commitment. And if you are a fighter and you pick a trainer, you are also committing. And there should be dialogue between y'all. It shouldn't be one day you wake up on the wrong side of the bed and you're unhappy with the situation and you're like, "Yo, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. I'm going to a different trainer. That's not how that works. You got to talk to your trainer. And if you're a trainer and you're losing patience or maybe you're being sidetracked by other endeavors and your fighter's just sitting there patiently waiting for you to coach them, you may have to tell your fighter, "Hey man, you might have to find a different trainer right now. I just can't help you reach your goals or I'm just going to need you to be super patient with me." You know what I mean? It's like this like this is the reality of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and this is why you see fighters falling apart from coaches all the time because of the lack of communication. But if there's some communication there, you will go ahead and you'll be able to reach the long haul. You see what I'm saying? But um yeah, this isn't for the weak, man. So when you want to go ahead and work on fight your strength and weaknesses, just know it's going to take a lot of time, [clears throat] patience, and a lot of uh understanding and knowing that person. I hope that was helpful, too. By the way, Apple Pizza, if it was, man, please let me know. Um, my man Frank Niti says, "Solute." Salute. Frank Nitty, what up, bro? &gt;&gt; Prodigy, what's good? What's going on? Prodigy asks, "The ability to stay calm." The ability to stay calm. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you got the fire. This shout out to my boy Prodigy. This is one of my fight night people. People don't know I play fight night. You know what I'm saying? Like I play like I play fight night. Like I play fight night probably [clears throat] as much as I coach. I play fight night. Now listen, it's just like fight night proud if you to be honest with you. It's like you need the reps. You need the reps. You got to go through it. Like I could take anybody off the street right now who can naturally fight. probably could naturally fight better than I can naturally fight. And chances are I'm going whoop their ass in a boxing ring because I put in the reps over the years. So, I'm going to remain calm when I get hit where another guy gets hit and they just start swinging for the fences. I'mma be like, "Oh, that was a cute shot. That was good." Hands might come up a little higher, you know, and then I make my decisions based off of that. I mean, I've seen Eddie come off the street and sparred top 10 top 10 heavyweights that got fights coming up and he didn't even freaking train and he's in there. You can't tell who's got the fight coming up. So, you're talking about a guy with almost 50 professional fights and has fought for the heavyweight championship of the world. So, how do you remain calm? It's called putting in the work. We can we can't give you a manual on [clears throat] how to stay calm. You could you could read up on it all you want. You can study it all you want, but you got to go through that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself. And I tell that to people all the time. You can tell when somebody's actually went through it in this game just by how they behave when they get hit. Soon as they get hit and you see them behave a certain way, you're like, "Okay, this guy knows. He's a professional." Even if he's not getting the best of the situation, you can tell like, "Okay, if this guy starts training regularly again, he's going to be a problem." Like, so it's just called experience, man. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oxy um I had other pros he is so relaxing in the ring repetition. I used to score twice a day. I used to be in the gym every day all day. It's just reps, man. Got to get practice. You got to be in the gym. You got to be consecutive. All right, we got another question. Do I ease off while doing work or go all out? Do you mean as the fighter? Do you mean ease off? What do you exactly mean, champ? &gt;&gt; I think I think it's like, you know, on the miss when I used to hit the M and I was throwing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I was trying to put too much power in every single shot. You was like, "Yo, you got to hit the back." First, first game back. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. trying to tee off and you know it's like &gt;&gt; yeah like we'll give you a quick rendition right so let's just say that let's just say the goal is for him to sit down and left to the body like I say jab right good so now when he sits down on that body shot that's going to be the shot that he sits down on when you're jab [laughter] it's You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You don't Everything don't got to be like like you was just saying because that's how you gash yourself out. That's how you telegraph your punches. Like you don't want to do that. You don't want to telegraph and gash yourself out. Experienced fighters want to pick you apart. Going right back to our previous question where how do you stay relaxed? Experienced fighter is going to stay relaxed when you're throwing all them hard shots. He's going to block them. He's going to slide in. He's going to tie you up. He's gonna turn you. He's gonna let you gas out and then he's gonna beat the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. That's exactly what's gonna have to take you apart. You know what I mean? So, you definitely want to preserve your energy and and you have to learn through through, you know, repetition. Again, everything is repetition in boxing. Three yards. Repetition, repetition, repetition. You feel me? &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Fast Eddie, why did you retire? &gt;&gt; Can't tell. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um, I mean, I haven't officially done it yet, but I'll get round to it. But the real reason, I guess, is &gt;&gt; fun fact. Fun fact, Eddie Chambers fought last year. &gt;&gt; Well, a year ago, 23. &gt;&gt; Oh, that was &gt;&gt; Damn, it's been two years already. Yo, time [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flies, bro. Bro, this is why we can't waste time. &gt;&gt; Two years went that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] quick. &gt;&gt; Yes, [snorts] &gt;&gt; bro. This is why we can't waste time, guys. Shameless plug for my free WTF tracker. I hope y'all track it. Okay, like I'mma put the link in the description right here as well because that's a perfect example, Eddie, why you can't waste [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time, bro. Let me go ahead and put this in here, guys. You guys can go ahead and download this. It's absolutely free. Okay? And just so you know, we're coming up on today's day two. So, if you download it tomorrow, that's okay. You start tomorrow. But the W stands for walking and water for me. This is something I'm doing for me, but I want you guys to use the water. Just let the W for just movement in general. Try to get like 10,000 steps if you could or or just walking out, right? Just do something, right? Stay moving. Try to drink half your body weight and water. The T is your to-do list. Whatever you got to get done, do it today. T is to-do list today. And the F is for your fitness and your food, which means you need to work out every day for the next 30 days. And you need to eat right. And I'm what I'm doing to eat right is simply just counting calories and macros. There's nothing off limits. I mean, I literally ate a slice of pizza today. I'm at 1300 calories, though. And soon as I'm done, I have a protein shake. I know what my protein is going to be. And I'm simply going to keep track of this every day and keep the momentum going. And the reason for this, guys, is exactly what Eddie just said. Eddie just fought two years ago. I thought it was last year. And let's be honest, it didn't feel like that long ago that you were fighting when we fought, you know what I'm saying, on television in 2015 and when you fought for the heavyweight championship of the world. And you know what I mean? When I first started coaching, this is my second gym, right? I had a gym for 10 years. Now, this is the second gym right here, CA Boxing Gym. Okay? And I remember it was 2020. Shout out to my Fight Night friends. I started playing Fight Night in 2020. It's 2025. We going on 2026. I remember like yesterday when CO hit and I was like, "Yo, I ain't got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do. I just closed my gym down. I might as well pick up a habit. [clears throat] I start playing fight night, right? And I just start and now it's like ingrained in my DNA. Probably the biggest mistake I ever made in my damn life. But at the end of the day, but it's like it just shows you that time really flies. So it's what you do time that matters, guys. You know what I mean? So I know this is a boxing channel, but I also like to help, you know, try to motivate people to let's not forget that we got life to live and we got things to handle. You know what I mean? So let's try to handle our business while we're chilling and doing whatever. But we still got a to-do list. We got to get in shape. All right, for anybody sitting there watching this right now, if you're out of shape, bro, listen. Two years goes quick. You can get in shape in two years. I'd rather you start today and it takes you two years to get in shape than you wait another two years to get started. And now the doctor telling you some crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because you've been bullshitting with your fitness and your nutrition. You know what I mean? So, let this be a a real heartto-he heart I'm having with whoever's out of shape, who's having some real issues right now. You know what I mean? Lock in. You can lock in now. Right. January 1 is in two months. Why? Why wait till January 1, bro? Let's get a momentum. I'm rocking out with y'all for the next 30 days every single day. Hey, &gt;&gt; we're giving y'all a free game. Okay. So, we here to help. This is the way I like to give back to the people who've been following me, who've been supporting me, you know, I mean, for the last, I don't know, 10 years that I've had a YouTube channel. You know what I'm saying? So, this is the way I like to give back, man. So, on that note, y'all, we're gonna end this because we got 30 more days. Oh, actually now it's like 26 more days. All right. And if this was really helpful, man, share this with somebody. And also, if you can do me a favor, go in the comments like when I end the stream, when you go to like YouTube, go in the comments and just give me some ideas of what you guys would like to see this month. Like, you know, what kind of stuff do you want to learn? Maybe there's something question or something I didn't answer today. Just go ahead, fill up those comments, let me know. through the people more because that's how I'm going to get more ideas of how I can help you guys on your boxing journey and your life journey at the end of the day. All right, man. So, I hope you guys enjoyed today, man. I appreciate y'all. You already know boxing. [clears throat]