Kind: captions Language: en [music] Hey, [music] hey, [music] Hey, [music] hey, hey. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Hey, [music] hey, [music] hey, hey. [music] Hey, [music] hey, [music] hey. [music] Hey, [music] hey, [music] hey. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Hey, [music] hey, [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey, [music] hey, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey, hey, [music] hey, [music] hey. [music] What up? What up? What up? What up, guys? It is your boy, Coach Anthony. Man, hope everybody's doing good. I know I've been switching up the times. I don't know how many people are going to get in here, but just you guys know, it is officially November. So, what do I do every year? This is the fifth year in a row. No days off November. I go live every single day for the month of November for no specific amount of time. I might be on for an hour. I might be on for two hours. I might be on for 30 minutes. I might be on for 10 minutes, 15 minutes. But the whole goal is for me to get on here and give you guys information that's going to help you uh just improve your boxing, you know, and hopefully improve you in different areas of your life. I actually just put something in the description below. It is the WTF tracker. I've been promoting this on Instagram for the last couple of days and I want to start this with you guys tomorrow. So, I know a lot of you guys probably ain't going to watch this live. I know you guys don't sit around all day waiting for me to go live, but some of you guys catch this later. I'll have this in the link description. You can also get this on my Instagram, right? But this right here is basically [snorts] just a little checklist of how we're going to improve every single day. And I'm gonna be checking up on everybody tomorrow. This is something I'm doing for myself. I'm just sharing it with you guys. So like if you guys want to do it, cool. If you don't want to do it, that's cool. But basically, this W stands for water and walking. Why? Because I like to hit 20,000 steps a day. Okay? And I also like to drink a gallon of water. So I want to make sure that I hit that goal. The T is for my to-do list today. So sometimes I have a tendency of procrastinating. Certain things I want to do, I don't get it done. So I'm going to make sure that my to-do list gets done when I say it's going to get done. So to-do list today. And the F is for fitness and for food. So basically, I got to make sure that I'm sticking to my diet, which is something that we're going to talk about today. That is today's topic, which is going to be nutrition, okay? And obviously fitness. I'm going to work out seven days a week. Now, I know yesterday was November 1st and I worked out yesterday, uh, but I said that since I'm bringing this up like last minute that we'll start this on a Monday. So, if you guys are interested, I already put it in the comment. All you got to do is hit that link absolutely free WTF tracker. And the way it would work is at the end of the day, all you got to do is check the W, check the T, and check the F. It's that simple. You check the W, you check the T, and you check the F. How hard is that, guys? Right? So, you go ahead, you download this. It also gives you some ideas of how you should be tracking your diet, your protein or whatever, right? And that's basically what I'm going to talk about today. I don't know how many people in here pay attention to how they eat. Uh, but it's very important if you want to go ahead and see your goals. Quick question, guys. Yesterday's stream was extremely blurry. Can you give me a thumbs up right now if this stream is good? Yesterday's was blurry. A lot of people were saying it was lagging. Uh, it was pretty bad. I took a look at it myself. I was a little embarrassed. Can you guys just give me a thumbs up right now? Let me know if this is looking clear. What's going on, U Mackie Bundy? What's going on? Give me a thumbs up in the chat, guys, if if the if the if if this looks clear. Um, but yeah, man. The whole goal, guys, is that if we're going to spend 30 days or if I'm going to spend 30 days with you guys, I want to make sure that everybody's leveling up in every area of their life, whether that's uh, you know, with their fitness, right? Your boxing, right? And just every other area of your life. You know what I mean? Like, why not? Why would we get on here uh and spend time? Is it lagging? Thank you, Jeremy. Is it lagging? Do I sound good? Like, is the sound good and everything? I just want to make sure because yesterday I went live for a whole hour and it was terrible, man. It was It was pretty bad. So, I just want to make sure that, you know what I mean? I'm able to, you know, get everything across to you guys today. But yeah, man. Um, so yeah, every area of your life, man. So, I'm going be checking up on everybody. I'm gonna be checking up on every single, you know, everybody. Guys, download the tracker. Rock out with me, man. Another thing that I got coming out very, very soon, and I know a lot of people are excited about it. It'll be out in the next week or two. It is my milliondoll MITs course. Here is another link. You want to get on that waiting list, guys? Guys, if you want to learn MIT work from me, I'm going to be teaching everything I know about MIT work. When I tell you I'm stacking this, this is going to be something crazy. Uh, this is going to be one of my best pieces of work. Probably the best piece of work that I've put out. I'm definitely going to be teaching every single thing I know about mint work. And you guys are going to be able to learn how to hold mits the way I hold them. If not, maybe even better. You know what I mean? You're going to look like a million bucks. That's why it's called million-dollar mitts. And you're also going to make some money with it because you're going to be you're going to be good at it to the point where people are going to want to hire you, right? So maybe you'll make a million bucks. You never know, right? So, Million-Dollar Mids is definitely coming soon. Put your names in both of those right there. There's nothing I'm not selling you nothing right there. This is simply you guys put in your information. You're getting on the waiting list for Million-Dollar Miss for when I drop it so you can get the first dibs, first deals. Obviously, I'm giving out the best deals to the first people because I'm doing it on a Black Friday month. Okay? And of course, the tracker is simply just so we could be on the same page uh since I'm going live every single day. Again guys, all you got to do is go ahead download this. You'll get it to your email. Then you go find a printer or something. Print this out. You check the W, you check the T, and you check the F. If you complete everything, if you don't complete everything, don't check it. Because what that's going to do is going to give you data on why you're not getting the results that you want. You feel me? Like maybe you're trying to get a certain result in life and you're like, damn, why am I not hitting my goal? Well, maybe you're not hitting your goal because you're just not being consistent. Consistency is the number one thing is going to get you to where you're trying to go. It ain't going to be some fat diet. It ain't going to be nothing else. It ain't going to be some get-rich scheme. It's going to be just like boxing, right? Repetition, repetition, repetition. People want to learn how to box from me. People come to me all the time, "Coach Ant, how long before I have my first amateur fight? Coach Ant, do you think I could go pro? Coach Ant, this this." It's like, bro, you got to show up to the gym every single day. You got to work on your skills every single day. You got to work on your jab a thousand times. You know what I mean? It's like, you got to work more than a thousand times. But you feel what I'm trying to say? Like, it's like you're never ending. It's a consistency. And I rather you come in and do a little bit every day than do a lot one day and then don't do nothing for the next 10 days. I rather you just do a little bit every day, a little bit every day, a little bit every day, a little bit every day. And that's how you're going to get the results that you're trying to get. And anytime I've ever been successful in life in any area is when I was consistent. And that's what I love about there's no days off November is that it's going to get me consistent going live with you guys every single day and just providing value because for many years that's what I always wanted to do with you guys is give you guys as much information as I can to try to help you the best that I can and um hopefully it resonates man. So anyway, the diet, the diet, the diet, the diet, man. Something that I want to go ahead and clear up is very important. Obviously in the tracker, the F stands for food. We got to eat right, y'all. We got to eat right. And when I say eat right, I just mean this from a perspective of you putting in all that work, you want to see some results for it. I know I've been guilty of being in good shape and honestly not looking good at all. Like I've done it so many times, man. Like I've been there's been times where I was running three miles in 21 minutes. I was, you know, doing six to six to eight rounds of sparring, uh, hitting the bag for eight to 10 rounds, and I still didn't look like a guy who worked out every day. And it was simply because I had no fights or nothing coming up. I was just training and I would just eat whatever I wanted, right? So, I would do all this work and then I would just pig out at the end of the day, you know what I mean? Sometimes on the weekends, I would just, you know, I mean, have some snacks or whatever and then maybe even have a couple of drinks. This was when I was younger. And what end up happening is like, damn, bro, you're doing all this training, all this exercise, and all this working out, and you don't look like you work out, bro. Like I remember one time I had posted a video a couple years ago shadow boxing and I was actually feeling good but I was really fattered like fat. Like if you guys see it I was fat. Like a lot of people who've been following me tell me now like coach ain't you lost some weight. I haven't even gotten to my real weight where I want to be. But I was actually really out of shape like two years ago like 2022 2023. But I was in the gym every single day. That's what's so crazy. I was in the gym every single day, working out, doing this, doing that, lifting weights, doing an hour on the stairmaster, boxing two times a week, three times a week, whatever I felt like doing. And I looked terrible. It was so bad. It was so embarrassing. So, I say that to say, working out and nutrition have to work together if you want to look the part. Because a lot of the times like you do the exercise and you think that oh I exercise I can eat whatever I want. You really can't just eat whatever you want. You have to be strategic. So what I'm going to do now is give you a real I'm going to give you some insight. I'm going to explain to you and I'm doing this all off the top of my head guys. I'm not reading nothing. I didn't write none of this down because a lot of this stuff is on the top of my head. And I'm going to give you the real of this and I'm going to simplify it at the end, right? But of course, we have to understand, we have to understand um we have to understand nutrition. So, yo, J, I'm I'm going to answer boxing questions uh toward the end. This particular live stream is going to be Jamal. I hope I said your name right, bro. If I didn't say it right, no disrespect. I think it's Jamal. Jamal, right? Um, but [snorts] this is going to be about nutrition for right now, this segment of it, and then toward the end, we could do some Q&amp;As's on the boxing or whatever. Um, but, um, so hopefully you stick around, you know, for the whole stream or whatever, we'll chop it up. But let's talk about this diet stuff real quick because I think that we over complicate diet, okay? And I'm doing this all off the top of my head, y'all. Right? So, I might forget something or whatever and bring it up in another stream, but for the most part, I'm going to make this really easy to understand. Um, so, but first, I'm going to talk a little bit about the science, right? So, you got macronutrients. Sure, some of you guys know this already. I'm probably just speaking to people like, man, I already know about that. But for those who don't know, you got macronutrients, right? You got protein, carbs, and fats, right? Some people like to count alcohols, but I'm just going to go ahead and say protein, carbs, and fats. Those are your main macronutrients, right? So, your protein has four calories per gram. Your carbohydrates has four calories per gram. And your fats have nine calories per gram. Okay? Now, why am I bringing up protein, carbs, and fats, right? Because that's what makes up your caloric intake for the day. Now, you want to eat more protein than any of the other macros for the most part. Uh well, actually that's not true. You can actually you can actually between the carbs and the fats, you can kind of balance that out or mix and match that, right? But for the most part, if you eat more protein than you eat carbohydrates and fats, okay, the reason why protein is good is because it's going to raise your metabolism because it's the hardest macronutrient to break down in your body, right? It's also going to be good for muscle repair and it's also going to be good for satiety, right? So, you're going to get fuller. So, example, right now, if I give you a slice of pizza uh that has a lot of carbohydrates and fats, right? So you can eat a 300 300 calorie slice of pizza or I can give you a 8 o chicken breast. Which one do you think is going to fill you up? Right? You'll eat the slice of pizza and you're like, "Hold up, that was good. Let me get another one." Bang. Now you at 600 and you barely got any protein. The only protein you're going to get that's in the cheese, but it's mainly going to be fats and it's mainly going to be carbohydrates. Where you eat a 8 o chicken breast, you're going to be pretty full off of that. All right. Now, if you can go ahead and add a cup of rice, that's going to be about 200 calories. And then you can add some vegetables, right? That whole meal is about 500 calories. A 8 o chicken breast, one cup of rice, and some vegetables. You're around 500 600 calories. You can eat two slices of pizza and you'll be about at the same amount of calories and you'll still be hungry. You can still eat some chicken wings. you can actually probably go eat another two slices of pizza. You feel what I'm saying? And this is how people gain weight because it ain't that the pizza is going to make you fat. You can actually eat the pizza. It's just that the bang for the buck ain't the same. So basically the way I like to tell people is if you got let's just say you want to your goal is to eat 2,000 calories for the day. You treat that like you're eating like you got $2,000 and you get to spend $2,000 every single day. So, I'm going to give you $2,000. You get to spend $2,000 however you want. The thing is, you got to be smart about how you spend your money or you're going to go broke really quick and then you're going to be owing money. And owing money would be being in a surplus, right? So, this is for people who want to lose weight. So, this is where I might lose some of the people who don't really understand like nutrition. But for those of you guys who are following me, this is how easy it can be. Okay? So for instance, it's all about food choices. So like for the next 30 days, for instance, me, I'm going to give you me as an example. My goal is to hit my goal weight, which is 180 grams of protein a day. I want to weigh around 180. That's where I look the best. I look most lean. I'm pretty good at 180. I don't know, maybe more because I did pack on some muscle over the years. I'm not like all fat. I got a little something in here. You feel what I'm saying? So, I got some muscle. But at 180, I hit 180 grams of protein, right? That's the goal for me. And I'm trying to stay at around 2,000 calories because I like I want to lose weight. I want to see some results. Okay? So for me, if I go ahead and do that, that means every food choice I make, I have to know proteins, carbs, and fats, what's in it before I eat it. So, how do I figure this out? It's real simple. There's actually a app right now that you can get. It's called My Fitness Pal, right? So, you go to the Apple store, you go to the Android, so you get My Fitness Pal. And in My Fitness Pal, they made it so easy where all you got to do is literally like I'm right here. All I got to do is put what I ate and then I'll know exactly what's in it. Like right now, if I put 8 oz chicken breast, [snorts] I put chicken breast right now. See, they right now they got uh well, they got a rotisserie chicken bre. Okay, they got a chicken breast right here. Skilling 3 o. So, I'll go ahead and let's just say 3 oz. I'm going to say two two two servings. So, that's 300 calories right there. Okay. And that's giving me about 50 gram of protein. It says it right there. Like, boom. Like, look at the numbers. It says 50 gram of protein, zero carbs, 9.3 g of fat. Okay, so this is the other secret that I think that people people really get confused with. Okay, and I and I really want to break this down. Like I said, I'm going to simplify what a lot of these dieticians don't want to tell you and a lot of these bodybuilding coaches don't want to tell you because what what it is is they're making money off of you not understanding how simple this can really be. Okay, so you got carbs and fats. Okay, now I might have to do this again. I'mma be honest, yo. Uh I'm going have to do this again because I'm going be honest. I'm a little bit like I should have had like slideshows on the screens and everything to try to like make this really professional. But you got carbs and fats. They're both energy sources, right? So carbohydrates gives you energy. Fats is your reserves energy, but it also helps with hormonal health as well. This is getting a little bit like further than where I wanted to go with this because I don't really want to confuse nobody, but I look at it like it's a toggle, right? Like, so you're toggling fat, you're toggling carbs. You're toggling fat, you're toggling carbs. So, I like to tell people the only two things you need to really worry about is protein and carbohydrates. Protein, I mean, I'm sorry, my bad. Protein and calories. Those are the only things you need to worry about. Proteins and calories. Proteins and calories. Those are the two most important things. Now, there is a couple of things to take into note. If you eat higher fat that day, you're going to be eating less food because fat is non calories per gram and carbohydrates is only four calories per gram. So, a lot of people think that carbohydrates is bad, but carbohydrates actually isn't bad. Carbohydrates is okay. What's bad is going into a caloric surplus. That's what's actually bad. So, if you're paying attention to your calories and you're paying attention to your protein, your carbs and fat are going to fall into place however they fall into place. Now, the whole thing is you actually have to be accurate with how you're counting your calories and your protein, which means if you really want to dial it in, you'll get a scale and you'll get measuring cups, right? You hear people talk about meal prep all the time, right? So, let's just say you make a big pot of rice. You scoop the rice with a measuring cup. Don't scoop the pot with the spoon. Scoop it with a measuring cup. One cup, right? Boom. You put that on the plate. You got your 8 o chicken breast. Put it on the scale. Put it on the plate. And then I don't even worry about the amount of vegetables you eat. You could just scoop the vegetables. Boom. You put it on the plate. You got yourself a nice solid plate. and you know that the carbs, the proteins already weighed out. And then you just go in my fitness pile and put I just ate eight ounces of chicken breast, one cup of white rice, and mixed vegetables or whatever. And now you kind of know where you're at. Okay? But the reason why I say the carbs and the fats don't really matter is because let's just say you want to eat um let's just say you want to eat an avoc oh some eggs. Okay. Let's just say you want to eat some eggs that day like with the yolk and everything. That's going to have a little higher fat than you know if you was to eat egg whites only, right? Right? So, if you're eating something with the yolk, if you're logging your food, okay, then you're going to know that, okay, I only have but so many calories left because I ate a little bit more fat today. Okay, but that's okay because now all you got to do is tell yourself, I'll eat less carbs today as long as I don't go over my calories for the day. But I also want to prioritize protein. So, that means you want to focus on your protein goals. Like the reason why no carbohydrate diets work like keto and stuff like that is because you're going into a caloric deficit. That's the only reason that works. You're going into a caloric deficit. Now, the other thing is when you cut out carbs, you also deplete your body of glycogen, which is water. So, when you deplete your body of that water, the scale goes down. But it's not real weight fat loss. It's just weight loss, right? So, like you'll lose the weight, but you'll still be fat. And that's really not what you're trying to do. What you're trying to do is burn fat. So cutting carbs is cool when you're trying to like step on a scale, right? And just like weigh in real quick, like maybe fight week, you start cutting back on the carbs and then you start depleting yourself of the water. You know what I mean? That's when it starts to work out for boxers, like to start cutting the carbs down. You know what I mean? Maybe you you water load, you do a weight cut. That's a whole another thing. That's to step on the scale. But if we're really trying to get our body down and body fat down, what we're paying attention to is our protein and our calories. Really, our calories is number one, but the protein is also very important because it's going to fill you up and it's going to raise your metabolism because it's got to work twice as hard to break it down and it's going to help you stay fuller. So, you're not looking for snacks and sweets and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that that's going to make you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your diet up. I know I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rambling yo right now. If this is helpful, man, just let me know that it's helpful. I'm just let me know if I'm being confusing with my approach on this. I feel like I could have did a better job at organizing how I'm explaining this. But I'm trying to make this real simple and then I'm going to tell you exactly uh I I'll tell you exactly how I'm going to approach the next 30 days, just so you know exactly what I mean. And I'mma tell you why I chose 20,000 steps and I'mma tell you why uh you know basically all of that. So just let me know right now guys if this is helpful. My man said thank you for the jump CA man. I appreciate you bro. You're making it simple with listening. All right. All right. Cool. All right. So, I'm just trying to give some of my knowledge and and and and just help you guys the best you can. So, okay. So, basically me, this is how I'm going to structure my day. Also, you got people who talk about intermittent fasting. Should you eat six small meals a day? Listen, at the end of the day, the only thing that matters is calories in versus calories out, right? The only thing that matters is calories in versus calories out. So, calories in is how much food you eat. calories out is how much calories you burn. So for me, okay, I chose that I want to walk 20,000 steps a day. The reason why I chose 20,000, okay, is because for every 10,000 steps is 500 calories for the most part. So, if I'm walking 20,000 steps, that puts me in a th00and calorie deficit, which means if I stick to my deficit on the nutrition, that's adding an extra deficit. Me, I want to lose at least two pounds a week. Two pounds a week is actually considered aggressive weight loss. So, that's another problem with a lot of people, right? Like, a lot of people will lose. Let's just say you worked out all week. Let's say you came here to my gym. You're jumping rope. You're hitting the bag. You're killing it. You know, you're doing your thing. You go home. You're beat. Then you go ahead and you step on a scale a week later and you only lost one pound. You're like, "Yo, are you kidding me? I've been working out like crazy. I only lost a pound." Like, this is some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's actually not bad. That's actually not freaking bad. That's actually okay. Now, if you tighten up your diet a little bit more, you might actually lose two pounds. If you're losing like five, six pounds a week, you're either losing glycogen, water, you know what I'm saying? Or or you're eating way too low, you're burning your muscle, and then you're going to look crazy, right? So, truthfully, the most part is two pounds a week is considered aggressive. That's what's crazy. People forget that because everybody wants to lose 10 pounds a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] week or five pounds a week because you're in a rush to get nowhere fast truthfully. You know what I mean? And I've been I've been guilty of this time and time again even with the knowledge that I got because this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is a mind [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And I honestly like getting in shape and and losing weight and all that stuff is more mental than anything. If you can just have the patience, if you can just focus, you know what I mean? You'll get some good results. But you just have to be locked in. So what I'm going to do is for me is like I said, I'm going to focus on my protein. So yes, I'm going to make sure that I prep my meals. You know what I mean? I'm going to have the right food. Okay? So you need chicken breast, lean meats. Man, nowadays you can go on chat GPT and literally put your weight, put how much you want to lose, and it will literally print out a freaking diet for you. And then all you got to do is follow it. You know what I mean? But for the most part, the only thing you got to do is focus on protein. Lean protein stuff like chicken breast, lean fish, lean steak if you eat red meat, you know what I'm saying? Egg whites, protein powder, like, you know what I mean? If your stomach can handle it, you know what I mean? Just to get the protein in. [clears throat] Then your carbs could be like potatoes, rice, right? So when people say potatoes, like potatoes is actually lowkey probably a little bit better than rice. Not because one makes you fatter than the other, because potatoes will fill you up more than rice. Like a cup of rice is cool, but you eat a potato, you get more potato, you get more volume for the food. And the whole goal is to not be hungry when you're dieting. So that's another thing that why the food choices matter because you get more. Like I always use this one. Like for instance, let's just say we got two plates. One has a chicken breast, white rice, and an avocado. The other one has a chicken thigh, white rice, and an avocado. Somebody might say, "Oh, what's the difference?" Well, the amount of food. Because that little ass chicken thigh, first of all, is not going to have as much chicken as the 8 o chicken breast, but it's going to be the same amount of calories because it's higher in fat. Nine calories per gram of fat. So now you're we're both eating chicken, rice, and the avocado, but you're getting a lot less food. Even though the chicken thigh tastes better to most people, you're going to get less chicken. So what are you going to end up doing? You're going to end up putting a second chicken on there. Now, that second chicken just made that a higher calorie plate than the 8 o chicken breast, even though they look identical. You see what I'm saying? Because we're not paying attention to the food. And it's also going to have less protein. It's going to be higher fat, less protein. where the 8 o chicken breast is going to have the protein. It's going to have the volume, right? The cup of rice or the potatoes. It's going to give you enough food that when you eat it, you're like, "Yo, I'm full. I'm cool." So, what do you got to do? You got to figure out ways to make that chicken breast taste better. You might have to put some hot sauce on there. You can bread it. You know what I mean? Put a little breadcrumbs on there. Make sure you get the right ones that doesn't like have too much calories. You know what I mean? You put a little bit of thing and you just deal with it. You feel what I'm saying? That's the other thing, man. You got to deal with it. Like sometimes when you're trying to get a goal, you got to deal with being a little uncomfortable. You might not be crazy about it, but as long as you get full, you're good. You know what I mean? So, you can eat anything you want on a diet, but you got to know the numbers. So, like right now, if I want to eat a Twix, a king-size Twix, four of those Twix, like usually it comes with four, right? Like two on the bottom, two on the top. The king-size Twix. Pause. If you go ahead and you get one of those, that's like 500 calories. So, if I eat that now, I'm like, "All right, well, that's 500 done. I only got 1,500 left for the day, and I'm still hungry as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, is it worth eating that, or am I better off getting a protein shake with 40 grams of protein, two scoops of protein, and a protein bar? It's not going to taste the same, but it's going to be chocolate. I'mma drink the protein shake, 40 grams of protein right there. I eat a protein bar with it. if I really need a snack and that's going to be another 200 calories. So, I might be 400 calories in, but I just went ahead and filled myself up with it and I'm freaking like 60 grams of protein. And that just helped me with my protein for the day. So, when you see people, you know, drinking protein shakes and stuff, it's more so just so you can hit your protein goal. If you don't need the shakes, then get it from food. You know what I mean? But some people need the shakes to go ahead and get that protein go and they need that little sweet tube. So you drink a protein shake, you drink a uh you eat a protein bar and then you cool. It's not it's not the same, but it gets the job done. You feel what I'm saying? So this we're going to continue to talk about nutrition throughout the next 30 days, man. But this is exactly how you have to approach your diet. like trying to be on these diets where it's like, "Oh, you don't eat no carbs or I only eat this or I do this military diet." They're so they're so restrictive that you're going to be like, "Damn, bro." And then what ends up happening is you go to a restaurant with your friends and you eat something bad and you think you ruined the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] diet. That's another thing. That's why I said this is mental. So, I'll give you an example. Let's just say I put you on a diet and the food's on the paper, right? Like I got the diet plan right here. Woo! You read it. And let's just say you deviate from the diet. You end up eating some candy that day like, "Fuck, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up." Or you end up eating a slice of pizza that day. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. If you don't know how to count, right, you're mentally gonna say you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. So what now? Most people crash out when they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. They're like, "I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Get the get the get the other slice of pizza. Get me another chocolate. Yo, get me some wings. I might as well. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I'll start on Monday. It's Thursday. I'll I'll start on Monday. Who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I already ruined the diet." But let's just say your goal was 2,000 calories that day. And when you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up, you were only at 800 calories. So now you ate a slice of pizza. Now you're at,00 calories. Do you know that you actually are still cool? Like you ate a slice of pizza or you ate the Twix, the 400 calories, now you're at 12,300 calories. You're actually still cool. It's actually not that bad of a thing. You like, "Okay, well, if you if you knew how to count, you wouldn't let that food ruin your day. You would actually be like, "All right, I enjoyed the pizza today, so that means now I got to tighten up the rest of the day." So therefore, what I'm trying to say is you can eat anything you want. I could be sitting right here eating some chocolate right now and be on my diet because it's not about the food. It's more so about the numbers. Now, the only time that the food really matters if you thinking about health, like, okay, I don't want to eat uh dairy because it's not good for my gut health. Or I don't eat red meat because I believe red meat's not good for you. Or I'm a vegan so I don't eat any kind of meat, so I got to eat something else. Or or you know what I mean? That's when the actual foods actually matter. But if we're talking specifically weight loss, it's a numbers game. And I know because I done lost 30 pounds, 40 pounds multiple times in my life. So I already know it's a numbers game. It's about calories in versus calories out. And the more protein you get, the better and the easier it's going to be to hit those goals. The problem is people don't prepare. So, if you just wake up, if you just wake up and you just start eating anything, I know, bro, that was a crazy pause. I was saying all types of crazy stuff, yo, but if if if you don't prepare, then you're not going to be ready for it. So, like, for instance, sometimes I'll go to uh the corner store to get a breakfast sandwich. This is what I've been doing. I go to the corner store, I get a breakfast sandwich. I'll get the Kaiser roll. And I already know that the Kaiser got like 280 calories in it because I freaking log it every day in my fitness pack, right? So I get the Kaiser roll. I'll say egg whites only. He usually takes two, three eggs and just gets the egg whites. I get like four slices of turkey bacon. And I get a slice of white American cheese. I tell him to put some some onions on there that he grills on the thing. And I got myself a breakfast sandwich. That breakfast sandwich is like 500 calories and it's pretty good on protein. It's probably like 30 40 grams of protein, but it's a nice size sandwich. I got turkey bacon on it. I got uh egg whites. I got one slice of American cheese and I got some onions on there to give it just a little bit of a flavor. Some salt, pepper. Boom. Now, somebody else will go to the same thing and get a regular bacon, egg, and cheese. And that sandwich actually has like two 300 more calories and less protein. Why? Because they ate the egg yolk. They ate regular bacon. They might have had two slices of cheese on there instead of one, right? So you don't realize like one slice of cheese is 70 calories. So now you ate two. Now you're eating 140 calories, but that's just from the cheese. Now we got to eat the egg, the eggs with it, the regular bacon with it. You just turned the 500 calorie sandwich to a 750 calorie sandwich. And that might not sound like a big deal, but it adds up throughout the day if you keep making choices like that. Like you ate the regular egg, bacon, egg, and cheese, and then later on that day you had the chicken thighs. You know what I mean? Or you had a piece of fatty steak and you ate the baked potato with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sour cream in it. You see what I'm saying? Like now this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] adds up throughout the day. So you got to be mindful. You got to say, "Okay, I'm gonna eat more leaner, more protein, and I'mma pay attention to my calories." You get my fitness pal. you log everything. Log everything in My Fitness Pal. Just put it in. You know what I'm saying? Just log it. Log it. Log it. Learn to log, man. It'll be your best friend. That's what I'm personally going to be doing. Um, and that's basically how I'm going to be approaching this month. So, yeah. If you guys are rocking with me, man, go ahead. Download the WTF tracker. Y'all download the WTF tracker. This right here is going to let me know if y'all serious, if y'all really rocking with me. A lot of people already done downloaded it off my Instagram because I put it on there. All you got to do is check three boxes if you handle your business that day. I'm starting it tomorrow. Tomorrow is day one. Um, my goal is 2,000 calories a day. I'm going to try to hit anywhere from 180 grams of protein to 200 grams of protein a day. All right. And I'll probably go ahead and do this on my Instagram story tomorrow just to kind of show like how I do it. I'm not going to do it every day. I'm not going to try to like turn my story into a a freaking uh follow my diet day or nothing like that, but I might just do something just to show you a little bit of how I'm approaching it. Uh but my goal is to be 180 grams to 200 grams of protein a day. Okay? I'm not worried about carbs or fats. I'm just focused on 2,000 calories, 200 grams of protein. The carbs and fats will fall into place naturally. And then I can just pay attention to that. And that's all I'mma do. I'mma work out seven days a week. Okay? So, I like to lift weights. I do a little bit of boxing, but I mainly lift weights nowadays. And I just get my steps. I'm a coach now. I teach people how to box. I box for 20 plus years. You see what I'm saying? But I like to I like I do like to shadow box from here and there. You guys might have seen me shadow box and I like the shadow box. I don't hit the bags as much because I like to save my joints for the pads. I do a lot of work nowadays. So, I try not to hit too much heavy bags and stuff nowadays. Um, but for the most part, I'll shadow box. I'll jump some rope. You know what I mean? Things of that nature nowadays. But if you're a boxer, you can go ahead uh and uh hit that box. Oh, yeah. So, the water intake. I see you said water intake. That's part of it right here. So, also water. I'm sorry. Water will be half of your body weight, right? So, if you're a 200 pound man, 100 ounces of water. If you really want to just keep it real simple, a gallon is a good a good starting point to just be like, I'm going with a gallon. But half of your body weight. So, what I'll do is I'll drink a 50 ounce water when I go to the gym. I I'll drink 50 ounces of water. You know what I mean? as I'm working out and then later on in the day I'll drink another 50 ounces of water and then I might drink like a bottle of water here and there throughout the day. You know what I'm saying? And that's it. That usually hits my gallon real easy. I got it down to a system. I break it up into two different times. 50 ounces while I'm lifting, 50 ounces throughout the day, and then at the end of the night when I eat my dinner or something like that, I just drink my water. It doesn't matter what time you eat. You can eat before you go to bed. You could. It doesn't matter. What matters is that you're not overeing. [clears throat] If you didn't eat all day and then at the end of the day you ate a chicken breast, white rice, and an avocado, and a protein shake, do you think you gonna get fat because you ate that at 11 p.m.? No, you're not. Because you've been moving all day. You've been doing your thing all day, then you finally ate something. Actually, you're gonna be undereating if you did that because that's only going to be like 700 calories. I already told you a chicken breast is like 250. A cup of rice is like 250. A protein shake is like 200, right? So that's like 700 and then you got the protein, whatever. Like you're going to be like 800, 900 calories if that's all you ate. You actually got to eat more than that. But my whole point is you can eat right before you go to bed. Doesn't matter. It's all about how you eat. You know what I'm saying? Throughout the day and try to make the best choices. Remember, give yourself a certain amount of numbers. And oh yeah, next thing I forgot. If you don't know how to do this, I put it in the WTF tracker. But me, all you got to do is put your body weight and times it by 10 or 11, right? I'm going with 10 because I want to be aggressive. So, let's just say for instance, I'mma take my calculator. 200 lb times 2200. See that? That's 2200. So, that could be 2200 calories for the day. A 200 pound guy can eat 2200 calories for the day. Not bad. Or you could do what I'm doing and just go right for the 10. Right? So really, truthfully, me going for 2,000 calories gives me wiggle room for the days that I might have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a little bit and gotten a little higher. Truthfully, I'm saving 200 calories a day because I could probably eat 200 a day, 22,200 a day and get my goal. But if I force myself and say I'm only doing 2,000, but I'mma hit my protein, I'm only going to eat 2,000, right? Me giving myself that number of 2,000 mentally for me keeps me disciplined. So when I start creeping up to like 13,400 calories that day, I start to tighten up and say, "Hold on, I only got 600 more for the day." Even though truthfully, I probably got like 800 more for the day. You know what I'm saying? So for me it's like let me just tighten up. So you because you know there's little hidden calories you don't know. Sometimes you might eat something out. You might not know what they put in the food. There might be like a oil or something that had calories you didn't account for it. You might have took a little handful of something you forgot you ate it. You see what I'm trying to say? So there's been many times where you eat some I've eaten something and then I'm like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's right. I forgot to log that. I didn't eat. I didn't. You know what I'm saying? So for me, keeping myself at that 2,000 mark puts me in a strong enough mind state that even if I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a little bit here, a little bit there, I'm still in a really, really good place. Especially if I'm getting my 20,000 steps, especially if I'm still moving and I'm staying busy. You know what I'm saying? So for me, 2,00's a good spot for for some results. That's what's gotten me results in the past. Around 2,000 calories, about 200 grams of protein, and exercising, you know, five to seven days a week. I'm going with seven just because there's no days off November, right? So, I've already worked out yesterday. I'm going to work out right after this, workout tomorrow, whatever. But we're going to start the tracker tomorrow. So, everybody, please go up there, download this tracker. I plan on going live um this week scattered throughout the the week. So, you know, sometimes might be 10 pm Eastern, sometimes might be a little bit earlier. Um we're going to do a lot of boxing stuff, man. It's not going to be just me sitting here talking to you guys like this, man. I'm bring Eddie Chambers on. We're going to do demonstrations. I'm even planning on maybe showing some of the sparring here at the gym, you know what I mean? So, we we're looking to have a lot of lot of fun throughout the month of November. Um, and just mix it up so you guys can get a bunch of different looks. You feel me? So, yeah, guys. I know I've been talking my ass off. Um, hopefully this has been helpful. Let me know if there's any questions you have. There's something I might not have covered. Um, again, man, I'm just here to help y'all, man. No days off November, man. I get on here every year, you know what I mean? Just to kick it with you guys, man, and try to give you guys as much value, man. So, if you guys anything you want to say, I'm opening it up right now to Q&amp;A. We could definitely do that right now. I think I got my point across. I think I got that information across, but I could have done better. I could have had slideshows. Um, and I could have had, you know, more visuals, man. So, I apologize for that. Ghettoora, other way around. How boxers move up weight classes, eating and lifting. Yeah, for sure, man. You got to think, man. Um, a lot of boxers, they're cutting weight. Okay? So, let's just let's just remember that. So, I'll give you an example. When I was training Tevin Farmer and I was training Raymond Ford, both of those guys fought at a lower weight class. Tevin Farmer fought at 130 pounds when we won the world title and Raymond Ford won the world title at 126 pounds. Right. Both of those guys walk around closer to 150 pounds. I mean, Ray's weighed 155. Tevin's weighed 150. You know, like these guys don't walk around at 126 pounds. So, what happens is they get themselves in shape. They do the stuff that I just said, right? And they, let's just say they start camp. Let's say they got a 12-week camp or 8week camp and they come in 150 pounds. They'll start locking in their diet while they're exercising. They'll start counting or whatever. They start paying attention to their calories and the foods that they eat. You know what I'm saying? And then they get their weight down. So now they get themselves down to like, let's just say 140ish. So Tevin, I'll use Tevin example. Let's say he's 150. Over the course of eight weeks, we get him from 150 to 140, which is sustainable. That's realistic weight loss. He's on a fast. He's on actually a good track. He's lost about two pounds a week. We got him from 150 to 140. Now, the week of the fight, he'll do a weight cut, which is stripping him of the water and getting him from 140 to 130. So, when he steps on the scale at 130 lbs, he makes weight. And then what do they do? They go and they rehydrate. And a lot of these guys gain 10 [clears throat] or 15 pounds on the rehydration. That's why a lot of fight claws now they got rehydration. So when you are trying to move up a weight class, you just don't have to cut as aggressively anymore. Now the cut is less. And of course you want to focus on your strength. You know what I mean? Your strength training and all that stuff is very important. But what happens is you start to box bigger guys. You know, you start sparring guys at a higher weight class. You don't have to cut the weight. And of course, your strength training, your boxing training, and all that stuff, it comes into play. And you know, boxers naturally move up weight classes as they get older. The body just doesn't lose as much weight as you get older. That's just a natural progression of human uh hum being a human. You just naturally gain weight as you get older. Like even if you eat good and all that type of stuff because you build muscle, muscle weighs more than fat, etc., etc. You know what I mean? All the boxing training and stuff, you're naturally going to gain muscle boxing. Like people think that boxing, you don't gain muscle, but you do. You're tearing your muscles down and training and then when you eat properly, you rebuild. So you just cutting the weight is really the issue, though. That's what guys don't have to do as aggressively. They don't have to cut as aggressively. That's really it. But how to structure along with boxing? I can't do both 100%. One has to be priority. How car? Well, I mean, you got to understand, I mean, I wasn't there. I don't know exactly what Crawford did, you know what I'm saying? To get up there. It's not like I was part of his camp or anything. So, I can't give you the specifics, but what I can tell you is he didn't have to cut as aggressively to fight Canelo. And he focused on strength. So, he was for the most part probably lifting really heavy, like two to three reps, four reps, stuff like that. He wasn't doing a lot of freaking uh, you know, reps with the exercise cuz doing a lot of reps and stuff, that's like whatever. He probably focused on some heavy lifting. He ate a little bit more protein. You know what I'm trying to say? And he let his body fill out and then he didn't have to cut as aggressively. That's all it is, bro. Listen, he only You can only gain so much muscle in a year. I don't know what the exact number is, but let me let me give you an example. I'm going go I'm gonna get this answer for you right now. Okay. Give you an example, champ. How much muscle can you gain in a year? I know it's not a big number. Like the human body can only gain so you can lose more weight than you can gain muscle in a year. Okay? So a beginner person can gain a beginner somebody who never worked out before in the first year can gain one or two pounds of muscle per month. 10 to 20 pounds of lean muscle per year. A intermediate, one to three years, 5 to 10 pounds of muscle, and an advanced person can gain two to five pounds of muscle a year. So, I'm going to say Crawford's probably an intermediate because I don't think he's a guy who bodybuilded or anything like that any point in his life. He always boxed. So, I'm going to say he's somewhere in the intermediate level of building muscle. Not intermediate exercising, but intermediate muscle. He's not a beginner, but he's not considered an advanced guy when it comes to muscle building. He's a boxer in my opinion. Some people might say he is advanced. I don't know. I'm not perfect with this science, but let's just say it's intermediate. He was able to gain five or 10 pounds of lean muscle, which is pretty freaking good in a year. That's a year. He said he started training for Canelo in February, I think he said. So that's half a year. So he might have gained 5 lbs of muscle, bro. He didn't gain that much muscle. And that's given that's on the high end. He might have gained five pounds of muscle. So what he really did was he didn't have to cut weight so aggressively. And he made sure that he sparred the right weights and that he was super sharp and that he could handle the punching power coming back. That was the real secret to it. Everything else is just something that naturally progresses over time. When you see guys who move up weight classes like Manny Pacquiao did and guys like that, they did that over a course of years. Crawford did it relatively quick recently because he seen an opportunity. He has the skill set. He was able to do it and he didn't have to cut as much weight and he did focus on some strength because he talked about it. You know what I mean? So, I know he focused on strength, but he only could have gained so much strength in six months, bro. He could have only gained so much muscle in six months. Five pounds at most in six months, right? So, yeah, bro. That's that's that's that. You know what I mean? Hopefully that was helpful. Ghetto. All right. You stuck around to the end, so I got to answer this question. Hey coach, I bought your master course and I love it. I have a quick question. Give me a demonstration on how we should breathe when we punch. I noticed that you and other great boxers like Shakur Stevenson breathe with the mouth open when you punch, but I've heard you supposed to breathe with your mouth slightly clenched because when you breathe with your mouth open, you get counter. Your jaw can easily be broken. Yo, that is actually crazy because I seen when you posted that in the community and I didn't get a chance to answer you. So, I'm glad that you brought it back up and I had this [clears throat] conversation with Eddie. I was actually like, "Yo, this is a good ass question because I've never I've never had this even explained to me." So, for me, it's like, "Yeah, my mouth is open." Or you could even go. Mouth is still a little bit open. You know, I'mma be honest, bro. I've never thought about it. I got to be honest because for me to go mouth clenched and going. Now, I will tell you this. There is something called bite down on your mouthpiece. So, you could bite down on your mouthpiece and still breathe. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You could do that. But um all the rounds I've been in the ring, I've never put too much thought into it. And thank God, I've never had my jaw broken. I asked Eddie the same freaking question. He said he never put that much thought into it. But he did say he got the double the double-sided mouthpieces. The ones that like are like no no homo a thicker mouthpiece. Pause. That's [laughter] crazy. But it's like he would put that in his mouth paws and it's harder to keep your mouth wide open because you feel me? The this the double-sided mouthpiece. But I never put a lot of thought into it. You know what I'm saying? I never put a lot of thought into um into that, bro. So that's a really good question, man. So for me, man, I would just focus on biting down your mouthpiece. But I wouldn't overthink that either. I wouldn't overthink that. Just keep a mouthpiece in your mouth. Focus on not getting hit. Try not to breathe with your mouth completely open like, you know what I mean? Like, you know, keep your mouth closed. You know what I mean? When you got a mouthpiece in, you're naturally biting the mouthpiece anyway when the mouthpiece is in. So it's like, I don't know, man. I'm going to get a uh I'm going to make a I'm going to I'm going to put a mouthpiece in one of these days and think about this a little bit more, man. But that's a really good question, bro. Yes, this is live, champ. This is definitely live. I get your point. They don't cut, but I'm a skinny dude who wants to be a boxer, but put Okay, so look, listen. This is something that you need to understand. Uh Dora, uh this is something that you need to understand. You you're you're a skinny dude who wants to be a boxer. When you say you want to be a boxer, you have to ask yourself a couple of questions. What kind of boxer are you trying to be? Are you trying to be somebody who boxes because you like boxing and you just want to be good at defending yourself? Or do you want to be a competitive boxer who competes? Because if you're a competitive boxer who competes, you don't want to put on you don't want to go up a weight class. You want to stay at your weight and stay as strong as you can at your weight. And if anything, go try to be the stronger guy at the lower weight class. All right? So guys who can make a certain weight, their goal is always to get to a lower weight class because you want to be the stronger guy in your weight class because that's what everybody else is doing. If everybody walked around at their natural weight, then you wouldn't have to worry about that. But to be a skinny guy and say, "I want to go up and box guys that are bigger guys who are coming down," is not the smartest decision. Now, if you're just a thin guy, a lean guy, and you just want to get in muscle because you want to look bigger, and you want to just learn how to box because you want to be nice with it, then yo, lift some weights two to three times a week and box and eat. You got to eat. You know what I mean? The same way I say you times your body weight by 10, a guy like you might have to times your body weight by 15. So, I don't know what you weigh, but let's just say you weigh 120 lb. You times that fit by 15, you need to be eating at least 1,800 calories. You know what I mean? If you're a skinny guy, if you want to if you want to gain a little bit more weight, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you could keep playing with that number. If 1,800 doesn't do it, then you might want to go up to 2,00 2100 and see how your body looks as you fill in the weight and you want to do your weight training. You know, your chest, your back, squats. I mean, you're going to have to learn about weight training. I mean, I'm not going to go into all of that, but you're going to have to build some muscle and then you could just box the other days and now you're a boxer and you got some muscles and you're cool. But if you want to be a competitive boxer fighting like as a professional or even an amateur, then you know, you got to stay around your weight class, bro. Like, you got to stay around what you weigh. I wouldn't be looking to shoot up. It's not the best decision. Okay. Yeah, you just uh yo, man, I hope I answered your question, bro, even though I didn't fully give you a great answer, but I'm definitely going to think more about that. Um, yeah, Dora. So, yeah, bro, you need to lift weights, bro. And you need to eat enough protein and you need to eat enough. You know, people who have trouble gaining weight have to eat more. People who have trouble losing weight have to eat less. It's that simple, bro. You might not be eating enough. You might think you eat a lot, but you might not be eating enough, bro. You might have to eat more. You feel me? So, that's that. Anyway guys, that's my hour for today. Man, I want to say thank you guys. I hope I answered your questions. If you guys have anything else, drop them in the comments when I end this live on YouTube and I will go ahead and and look at them and hopefully I can help you. And I know a lot of people they get a lot of people they get on, you know, they're going to be watching this live a little bit later. I know some people were expecting me to go live at 1000 PM tonight. If you missed this, man, I apologize. Hopefully, it was helpful. Leave a comment. Let me know any ideas you want me to talk about this month. I will be going live every single day for the month of November. My goal is to provide value. Share this with somebody who you think this will be helpful for, man. Um, at the end of the day, I want to go ahead and get my knowledge out to as many people as possible. Make sure you guys get uh the WTF tracker. Okay, I'mma put it in the comments one more time for those of you guys who might not have who might not have done it. All right, one more second. Okay, get that WTF tracker is absolutely free. Okay, and also get on the waiting list for Million-Dollar Mitts for you guys out there who want to be trainers, Million-Dollar Mits is going to be the best MIT work course ever created, 100%. So, you guys are definitely going to go ahead and learn a lot. Um, and uh, yeah, man. I appreciate everybody who tuned in, man. Y'all be safe. Y'all take care. You already know. Boxing life.