Kind: captions Language: en Heat. [music] Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. Hey, [music] [music] perfect. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Yo yo yo yo yo. What up? What up? What up? What up? About to go on Instagram real quick. Talk to my people on Instagram. Get some of these people in here, man. How y'all doing, man? Coach Anthony, man. No days off November. You know, you know what time it is, man. Definitely going live every single day for the month of November. I got people in the back over there having a good old time. Uh the boxing gym has been super lit. Hope everybody's doing good, man. Listen real quick, man. Before we get started, as you guys know, I got Million Dollar Mitch, y'all. Million-Dollar Mits. It is coming out. I hope you guys are on the waiting list, man. Trying to teach you guys how to hold mits like a professional worldass trainer. Give me one second, man. Let me see who's in the chat right now. We got &gt;&gt; Yo, what's going on? Uh, Steph Stefan Stefan. Damn. Stefan Stefanov. All right. I hope I said your name right, man. How you doing, man? No disrespect. KJ Prime Adrien Broner verse prime Floyd Mayweather. Who wins, man? crying Floyd Mayweather every day of the week with his eyes closed, man. That's not even a That's not even a a real good question to you. No disrespect, man. But he can't mess with Floyd. He ain't had the same legs that Floyd got, man. He definitely didn't have the same legs Floyd got. But let me get let me get one real quick. Give me a second. &gt;&gt; Give me one second. One second, y'all. &gt;&gt; How's everybody doing though, man? Don't be shy, man. Say something, man. No days off November. I go live every single day for the month of November. Hey, bro. Give me the route to the Olympics. Give me the route to the Olympics. Bro, you know what's crazy? I actually helped a kid get on the become an Olympic alternate, my man Jamar Tally. Man, you just got to keep fighting, bro. You just got to keep winning and then you eventually got to qualify, man. It's really that simple. It's really that simple. Yo, Nest, what's going on, champ? Sage, what up? How y'all doing, man? Yo, listen, guys. I need you guys to go to my YouTube channel right now. I need you guys to go to my YouTube channel. Shout out to my YouTube channel. YouTube. I need you guys to pull up to my YouTube channel, man. How you guys doing, man? You know, I'm going live every day for the month of November. No days off. November, we in the live, but we got people in the back over there in the gym. 11:28 at night. We are still lit here. I need you guys to go to my YouTube channel, man. Coach Anthony Boxing. Coach Anthony boxing, guys. I'm answering questions. I'm chopping it up. Pull up to my YouTube channel, man. What's going on, champ? How you doing, bro? I see you. Pull up to my YouTube channel, man. What's going on, Ness? Pacquiao verso. Who would win, man? I got Manny Pacquiao, bro. That's an easy one. That's an easy one, bro. Jesus, what's going on? How y'all doing? Listen, man. Go to my YouTube channel, man. I'll be over there, guys. Peace, &gt;&gt; bro. What's your opinion on all Xander use? Would he be better if he had an American style? Man, how can you get any better than Olander Usyk right now? Seriously, how can you get better than him? He's got the best resume in boxing. So, no, I don't think he would be better with American style. I think he is the perfect boxer for who he is right now. I mean, he cleared out the cruiserweight division, beat the heavyweights, beat Tyson Fury. Usyk's the man. Exactly, champ. And that's hopefully in 2028 that there's still an Olympics going. &gt;&gt; As far as a time and weekly schedule, what would you say a champion amateur normal day training schedule would be? Um, a weekly schedule for an amateur boxing, I mean, you're going to box five to six days a week. Um, you're going to spar two to three times a week. You're going to work the floor the other days. You know, you're definitely going to work the floor the other days. And then, um, you're going to have to have your running schedule in check. It's really that simple, man. Your strength and conditioning and stuff can be done earlier in the day if you have time. But most amateurs are in school. Most amateurs don't have time to do all their training like a professional where you're breaking up training, right? So, what I would say is, I mean, unless you, you know, get to like a USA boxing team and the only thing you're doing is training, but for the most part, uh, if you're just a amateur boxer trying to get theirelves on the road, you're going to train five days a week and you're going to make time for your running schedule. whatever kind of running schedule your coach gives you. Um, you know, whether that be running three miles a couple of times a week or adding your sprints or whatever it is that you guys like to do, your calisthetics and your core exercises and all that stuff typically gets done on your boxing training days. So, like for instance, my guys, like if we do jump rope, shadow box, push-ups, hit the heavy bags, spar, pull-ups, if we do squats, if we do medicine ball slams, whatever we do, we usually do it in our boxing training. We don't really have a separate time when we're working strength and conditioning. But pros, like the higher strength and conditioning coaches nowadays, and they'll do that at a separate time. So, it just depends. You know what I mean? But for amateur boxing, man, five to six days a week of boxing training and then a separate time for your running usually gets the job done. &gt;&gt; Pooky man, what's going on? Yo, what's good, Coach? A [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. I'm chilling, man. Friday night in the gym. I got people in the back. I got Fast Eddie Chambers back there. He's chilling. We got a couple of the of the female boxers in the back. Everybody's just hanging out, having a good time. But I said to myself, I gotta go live every single day for the month of November, guys. I won't miss a day. God willing, I'm here. I'm not going to miss a day. You know what I mean? So, um, I'm here, guys. Whether I'm here for an hour, 30 minutes, 25 minutes, I'm here to answer your questions, provide value, however I can. I'm super excited about tomorrow's fight, Luben versus Ortiz. That's a fire fight. I will definitely be uh coming on here for a reaction after the fight. I'm super excited about it. So, make sure you guys watch that fight because I will be talking about that fight afterwards for sure. Coach, how good can swimming get the cardio? Can it compete with running? 100%, bro. Um, there's a lot of fighters who like to swim, you know what I mean? I mean, listen, man, the cardio is just getting your heart elevated to a certain level. It doesn't really matter how you get to it. A lot of fighters uh believe in road work, but it's been proven now that you could do other things besides road work to get your legs in shape. You know what I mean? So, you don't have to run to get your legs in shape, but you know, to get your heart rate up, you definitely want to do anything that's cardiobased is going to get your heart rate to a certain level. So, yeah, 100%. Hey, thank you, champ. Internet veteran. Great channel. You taugh you legit taught me so much, man. I'm glad I taught you a lot, bro. I appreciate it, man. Um, you know, been doing this for a long time now, guys. This is at least 10 years on YouTube. Had over 5,000 people come through my courses and community, you feel me? And, uh, you know, obviously I got a gym, man. Hundreds of members. So, we're doing good, man. Everything's good. Everything's on the up and up, you know what I mean? I had a gym before this for 10 years. So, boxing is something that I just love to spread, you know what I mean? It changed my life. It helped me in my life so much. And I know it can help a lot of people if people just dedicate themselves to the lessons that you learn in boxing. It's not just learning how to bop bop, right? And bop, right? It ain't just that. Like I look good, don't I? You see that? You see that hook? You see how I slipped over? You see how I threw that right there? Then I drop over here. Listen, I'm nice. Don't get it twisted. But boxing is much deeper than jab, crosses, and hooks, and uppercuts, right? Boxing teaches you discipline. It teaches you resilience. It teaches you how to deal with challenges. It It teaches you to never quit on yourself. It teaches you to bet on yourself. It teaches you to believe in yourself. The list goes on and on and on and on. And the benefits is incredible. You know what I mean? So, I'm glad that I can share it with people and people appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Oh, shoot. What's going on? My bad. Come over here. You can say something. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; What's going on, coach? Pit bull Cruz or Lamont Roach thought. Yo, I really like Pit Bull Cruz. I'm a fan of his rugged style. Um, I just have a feeling that Lamont Roach man is gonna like smother him. And like, and when I say smother, because obviously we know that Pit Bull Cruz is the guy who throws the wild punches and he comes forward. If anybody technically will be doing the smothering, somebody may say, "Well, it'll be Pit Bull Cruz." But I just think that his game plan is going to be to keep everything nice and tight, nice and solid, and when he comes in with them wild punches, he'll just step in, catch him on his arms, and counter catch and counter. That's what I see um him doing. He's a lot stronger than he's gotten credit for. We saw that against Devonte Davis. He's a lot better than he's gotten credit for. So, I think the Lamont Rose has a really good chance to beat uh Pit Bull Cruz, but I really like Pit Bull Cruz, and if he won, I would not be surprised and I wouldn't be upset. I really like his style. Like, he doesn't fight in the manner that I teach. However, he's a very exciting fighter. So, for me, there's nothing better than an exciting fighter. You feel me? So, I like Coach, I love your heavy back conditioning video. In terms of implementing exercise into a fighter's regimen, how many times a week should they be doing those exercises? As far as the heavy back conditioning drills, man, I think that you could implement that on at least two times a week, you know, or at least some variation of it every time you do floor work. So, like you don't have to do the whole heavy back conditioning drills as a full workout routine. What you could do is like, let's say you working the floorop, right? Bop, right? You're doing your thing. And out of nowhere, I might say, "Non-stop punches for 30 seconds." Right? Then I might do that or or maybe uh I'll do the touch and explode. One of my favorite drills from the heavy bag conditioning drills. If you had the the course that you know what touch and explode is where you touch and then I say explode and you wa you run the number. If you do that, come on. Come on through. You should say hi to the people. Ava, you got to go over there. The camera's over there. HEY, see what I'm saying? We lit over here. Um, but if you go and you touch and you explode, I can implement that into my floor work. So, you can take a variation of one of the heavy back conditioning drill workouts and add it to your typ regular floor work. So, you can actually do that two to three time. I would do it on non-sparing days. That's how I would do it on non-sparring days. Yo, Co. Hey yo, Duncan man. How you doing, bro? Next week, man, I'm gonna take your advice, bro, and we're going to go ahead and do the sparring live, man. So, make sure you guys are ready for that. Should a boxer lift? And if so, and what way? This is a question that I get all the time. I think that it just you just can't do exercises that's going to put you out your weight class. So doing exercises that's going to make you build. So that's like reps of 12, you know, 15, stuff like that. That type of exercises builds hypertrophy or hypertrophy. I forget how to pronounce it, but you know, it's going to put size on, right? So boxers typically do stuff for explosiveness. You know what I mean? Explosive Olympic style weight training, stuff like that. &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; We appreciate your honor and expertise coach. Your consistency information here on YouTube is pure gold, man. I appreciate that, man. Sage ability boxing in the building, bro. I see you, bro. I'm just here. I'm just here cooking right now, bro. We here late. It's a vibe in here, bro. It's definitely a vibe in here. Eddie down there with the girls, man. Just hanging out. You got all the ladies here and a couple of my guys. Everybody just hung out. I said, "Bro, I can't miss my live. I got to get on here and talk to my people, man. There's no days off November." But shout out to Ability Boxing, man. He's a boxing coach. It's my guy. Yo, coach, on a personal tip, what would you recommend for remotivation personally to get back into a routine of training after losing a loved one emotionally? Hey, man. That's something that I don't want to have to deal with right now. Um, and my my sympathy goes out to you, bro. Just take it one day at a time. Do the best you can and just know that that person who's not here wouldn't want you to just sit around. You know what I mean? And that's also another reason to remember that life is short. So don't waste time. You know what I mean? If you're trying to get back into it for fitness or health, get back to it. Favorite fighters to study? Floyd Mayweather, James Tony, Eric Morales. I like Shakor Stevenson right now. I think he's a really good fighter to study. Um, I like uh Geronis. I like um damn there's so many fighters I like, bro. Um, Terence Crawford, USA. All the best guys, man. The guys with the skills. Skills pays the bills, man. Study everybody who's got skills. &gt;&gt; I like Benvitz. I like Benvitas a lot. Honorable mention, David Benedz. Much blessings to you, Coach Anthony, man. I appreciate it, man. I did the touch and explode drilling my class today. Yo, it's a good class, bro. Listen, guys, get ready for Milliondoll Mits. If you're a coach or if you want to be a coach or if you want to learn how to make some money with boxing, Million-Dollar Mits is going to be the course that takes your coaching to the next level. I'm super excited to drop this for y'all, man. Listen, I'm putting the link back in here. Listen, as you can see in the back, I got a lot going on. So, I don't think I'm going to be on live too much tonight, man. I want to get on here, show my face, and prove to you guys that I'm a man of my word. No matter what I got going on, guys, I'm gonna make sure I get on here every single day for the month of November. And we going to chop it up. We gonna talk. You know what I mean? Get in here, Sage. I got my boy. Listen. Yo, you ain't got no gear, man. You gotta get right here. It's my boy. It's my light-skinned brother right here. Look. Don't you look like my brother, man? Listen, we got Sage in the building. He got a dope clothing brand. Where you Where' you get it? I got in the car. Go get something real quick. Go get something real quick. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Man, I'm telling you, man. I'm telling you, this course is going to be incredible. Make sure you guys get on the waiting list, man. I'm super excited about it. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Super excited about it. I probably have a early release date next week for you guys, man. So, definitely be ready. Tim, I see you, bro. Drillers Made Killers have been a huge help. Oh yeah, Black Friday sale, guys. I didn't put the flyer up, but I already got a Black Friday sale on my website, guys. You guys need to go over to my website, coach Anthonybox.com. Go check it out. But I haven't even fully announced my Black Friday sale. Well, right here. Yo, these is crazy. &gt;&gt; These are actually for you, man. &gt;&gt; For real? &gt;&gt; Stop playing. Yo, see a lot of y'all don't got swag. So, I'mma have to help y'all. I'mma coach you on some swag. You know what I mean? My man yo, pretty boy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. You know what I mean? You got Yo, I'm rocking these. I'mma do a video with these. Matter of fact, I'll do it. You ain't got to talk to this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. But you know what? I could rock a regular hoodie with this. I'mma do my next uh demonstration live with these on, man. Y'all gonna see how fire these look, man. Look, look. M shout outs. Dope. Listen, man. Um, tell them how they can find you. &gt;&gt; Hey, y'all can follow me on Instagram at Sagegeear S. Let me let me &gt;&gt; two Rs. Sage. &gt;&gt; Write it. Write write it right here. [sighs and gasps] S A G E G. Two G's. No, go ahead. You write the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There you go. And then boom. Look, that's his Instagram, y'all. Y'all gotta go check out his gear. He's been helping me with my videos, helping me with million-dollar mits. So, y'all definitely need to check him out. He's a dope videographer here in New Jersey. So, he's definitely part of the team, y'all. Y'all definitely need to check out his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hey, Coach got me connected with Nico Ali, you know, Neo Donaire. Yo, plenty of other people. Zero Bumps. This the man right here. Oh, he also uh Sean Porter was rocking this stuff. &gt;&gt; Yep. Sean Porter. &gt;&gt; Sean Porter rocked his stuff. You got to go to his website. &gt;&gt; Carmel Carmel Mo and Tiger Johnson. What's your website? &gt;&gt; Put it in there. &gt;&gt; It's in a l It's in a link on my on my &gt;&gt; She is swaggy. Like you got to have swag to wear [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this. Like somebody might be like, "I don't know about the flowers." Trust me, bro. You gota you gota you gota just you got to have a vision, man. You got to think what would women want to see on me? You know what I'm saying? Like everybody gonna be like, "Trust me, bro. Trust me, bro. My man super swaggy over here. He keeps me up to date. Look at this. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. Tiger. Shout out to Tiger Johnson &gt;&gt; rocking his gear. There [clears throat] you go. Tiger Johnson rocking his gear. Show him somebody else. Nito Donaire. Shout out to Nonito, man. That's our guy. four division world champion Onino Donaire. But yeah, man. His gear is definitely getting around the the boxing community, man. You should of course you should pursue boxing, bro. Why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't you, bro? &gt;&gt; That's clean though. He's feeling it, bro. &gt;&gt; Appreciate you, bro. Yo, what's the website? It's on my It's on the Instagram bio. &gt;&gt; It's on, &gt;&gt; bro. If I put it in the link, they can click it right now, bro. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Write it in. And make it like the website. You got to make it like the website, bro. [screaming] Also the WW. Yeah, I would. Click that link, man. Check it [clears throat] out. &gt;&gt; But anyway, guys, listen. Um, &gt;&gt; w coach. I appreciate you guys, man. Much love to you guys. Look, I'm only gonna stay on here till now. Uh oh. Uh oh. Another lady front in the building. Come, come, come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. You good? Let's go through. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; we lit over here though, man. We we deep over here. Matter of fact, tell Eddie to come up here real quick. Just so y'all don't think Eddie. &gt;&gt; Yo, Eddie. Come here real quick. Come here. No, no, no. You good. We're bringing fast Eddie for y'all, man. This how much we love y'all, man. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna let Eddie be in the building and not say what's up to y'all. &gt;&gt; People miss you, man. Like Red F Eddie, man. Yo, hold on. Get in here. &gt;&gt; My bad. &gt;&gt; Hold on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he was awesome. &gt;&gt; There you go. We got Fast Eddie Chambers in the building, ladies and gentlemen. Man, whatever questions y'all got, make them now. Give me the questions now because I'm not staying that I'm not staying on live that long tonight. &gt;&gt; See these drums right here? &gt;&gt; Oh, Sage here. &gt;&gt; My man Sage full effect. &gt;&gt; It's crazy cuz he made hoodies in the summer and he's making shorts in the winter. But &gt;&gt; we ain't judging him. &gt;&gt; That's what he does. That's what he does. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; How you made shorts? How you made shorts in the winter and hoodies in the summer, though? I'm just a little I'm trying to figure this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. I'm trying to figure it out. &gt;&gt; Just like it's coming out of their little idea. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yo, people, where y'all at, man? Let them questions go because if not, we sliding. As you can see, it's a gangster party over here. &gt;&gt; We got a gangster party going on. &gt;&gt; Show them this picture right here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, show them that picture. &gt;&gt; Hi. Yeah, my man Ryder say, "Yo, Eddie." Oh, okay. With Bozy and them. Okay. All right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Go in the camera. Go in the camera. &gt;&gt; Hold on. Hold on. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Do you think a mindset like Crawford's can be learned? No, I don't. Oh, wait. You know what? Depends on what your definition of learned is. I think that it has to be earned. &gt;&gt; Is that a better word? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; We're gonna change learn to earn because it's just like you can learn to be disciplined. You know what I mean? That's not something that you're necessarily born with. I think &gt;&gt; discipline is something that needs to be learned. So, you know what I mean? So, I think bulletproof mindset can somewhat be learned and condition to you just like anything else can and once you start believing you know what I mean your brain doesn't know the difference so it's just g it's going to stay on that frequency all the time I wouldn't believe so guys like Crawford you know probably struggle early like talking about his mom and all you know not believing him and then we got crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] background but uh but yeah I think I think it gives him training &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What's going on in here today? This is the gym. That's why they need to come out to see doctor [laughter] all day every day. &gt;&gt; Who you got? &gt;&gt; Especially on Friday. &gt;&gt; Hey, who y'all got for this David Benas fight? David or Anthony? &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, I got Deon Benas, bro. &gt;&gt; Uh oh. Eddie, you got a Jake Paul hater. Eddie, please Eddie beg, please, Eddie, to stop this Jake Paul nonsense showing what a real box is like, man. Yeah. Eddie Eddie Jake, &gt;&gt; WHAT ARE YOU DOING? YOU'RE ALLOWING THIS &gt;&gt; NOW. Shout out Listen, shout out to MVP. Shout out to Jake Paul. I'm actually cool with those people. Um, I don't got a problem with Jake Paul. He's helping a lot of boxers make a lot of money right now. If it wasn't for Jake Paul, there'd be a lot of guys out there not eating. So, you listen, Jay Leon Love is eating. all the sparring partners that go out there. He and Raymond Ford, the fighter who I coach, I actually set him up with Jake Paul because they thought they were going to fight Javante. He got paid for that. Um Serrano became a millionaire. So, we have to remember that boxing is a business and we have to understand that a lot of your favorite fighters aren't getting treated that well. And and if you got a guy like Jake Paul who's yeah, he's taking advantage of boxing a little bit, but he's also giving back to the people who are rocking with him. So sometimes you got to pay attention to that and say who who's he, you know, who's taking care of who in these situations. You mean even a girl that I used to train who I had from the age of 14 to 19, Natalie Dove, she's number one in the country when I had her and now she's 5 and0 as a pro. She signed to Jake Paul. So shout out to shout out to Mike Leonard. Shout out to Jake Paul. Shout out to the team. Nothing negative coming from this side of town. But if Eddie could get an opportunity, hey man. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Hey, you know, that's just an opportunity. That's not no disrespect. Look, he be doing something for me &gt;&gt; in there with me. So, you know, reality of it is, man, like he said, this is a business. And, you know, Jake Paul has made more money for a lot of fighters than, you know, some of these promoters have. So, you got to give them credit. &gt;&gt; MV uh MVP promotions, man, they are doing God's work for these fighters. So, &gt;&gt; don't let co Don't let coach Eddie fool you. He still got it. He still got it. He's still Trust me. I seen him spar. He still got it. &gt;&gt; Let's hope [clears throat] he still got it. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? I just like staying out the way. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There's a lot of stuff going on. I don't like how they did this here, man. It's like messing up my I can't hard for me to read nowadays. Uh I don't know. It never used to do that. Some new like update they did. It's like a new up there. Oh, actually, this looks actually pretty cool right here, though. Um, coach, I feel it'd be a Okay, coach, I feel it'd be a great idea for you to have YouTube members area, a YouTube members area where you show your sparring sessions. Yeah, man. For sure. Definitely. Definitely going to do that. 100%. &gt;&gt; Friday night fights. Is it effective to throw a double jab without stepping at all the controlled distance? I mean, I think you could throw a jab without stepping in in in certain moments, but I think if you're going to throw a double, you're probably going to step because the second jab is typically to cover ground or to step around. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? I don't think you're going to just stand in one spot and just do like I mean you can if you got a duck who's just sitting in front of you. But a quality guy isn't going to just sit there for two jabs without doing something. So I think the second jab is more to cover ground or step or if he's on a ropes he's hurt. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. &gt;&gt; But that's not really like a that's more like you're measuring in disguise of a jab. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Damn. All this time this was like this. I should have been had it like this. I was trying to read the comments all crazy. We lit ladies and gentlemen. YouTube man, we are still here man. We are answering your questions, man. Make sure y'all pull up. YouTube man, we are here. We are in the building. I got Fast Eddie. He answering y'all questions. Make sure y'all pull up. Um, go ahead. Any any questions you see answer? Answer that one. &gt;&gt; Which one? Oh, let me Well, defense is something that's just going to be it's repetitive, man. Just got to go in and I think I think start slow with it. Try to do one thing at a time. Don't try to go too far. You know what I mean? Work. This is what happened. This is what worked for me. I did a lot of drills. It was like catching and doing jazz specifically one uh even sparring with just the jab just to get a little more a little better acclimated to different things that you can do. &gt;&gt; Can y'all hear us y'all? Because I know we got music in the background. I know it's loud over here. Can y'all put in the chat? Make sure y'all can hear us &gt;&gt; because I know that you know it's a little loud. I mean they're they're wowing like CA boxing baby. They whing man. We having a good time. But anyway, as as far as the defensive things, uh, just take it one day at a time, you know, one thing at a time. Don't try to go too slow, too fast. I know a lot of guys just get thrown in and smart, you know what I mean? Sometimes it's good to get partner so you can get a little comfortable with specifics with uh defense. I would start with catching punches first, blocking upstairs with your hands and stuff like that first. Then maybe you can start the slips and things like that. that just by natural because blocking punches I think is a little more easy to work on. Slipping punches, if you try slipping punches, you get a little creative with it. You can get caught and you pick stuff out of position. I think defending with your hands first is is is the best way to start. So from there then you go on to more advanced stuff. Start catching punches with your hands. &gt;&gt; He said, "Eddie, I love the channel. Big homie. Keep them coming please, sir." &gt;&gt; Appreciate Eddie Chambers. Shout out your channel. &gt;&gt; Fight like a pro, man. Fight like a pro. Type in Faz Eddie Chamber. He didn't even know the name of his own channel. I had to remind him. It's Fight Like a Pro. Eddie is teaching you game from a professional boxer's perspective, right? For a long time, you guys seen Eddie on my channel and you seen me teaching things from a coach's perspective and Eddie was demonstrating, right? But now you get to hear it from the from the fighter on what he sees and stuff like that which I think is really cool and really great because fighters obviously got to use their own intuition and they pick up their own bag of tricks as well. You know what I mean? So, &gt;&gt; uh, definitely a dope channel. I know Eddie's going to have some merch. I know Eddie's going to have some courses of his own. I know Eddie's gonna have a lot of stuff going on. So, make sure you guys subscribe to him. Be ready for what he's got going on. Me, you guys already know what I do. been doing this 10 years. You guys go to my YouTube channel. I got over 1,500 freaking videos or maybe less, maybe like 1300. I've had over 5,000 people come through my courses over the years. I've had a gym for a decade where I've had thousands of members over the 10 years guaranteed. And then of course now we're on our second gym, CA Boxing Gym. And as you can see, man, we open late. We doing what we got to do. We're giving back how we can. Million-Dollar Mitch is coming out next week. Early access, guys. Guys, I need you guys to be ready. The Black Friday sale. Actually, if you go to my website right now, coachanthonybox.com, I already launched the sale. I haven't did a full announcement. So, if you guys are on this live, you guys are hearing it first. I got 16 courses. Eddie Chambers is on at least 12 to 13. I mean, he's not on the hot shadow box. I might be the only one. I don't know. But, so you guys are going to be learning real boxing from us, man. You know, we try to have fun with this, man. You know what I mean? If you're doing something like this for two decades plus, like us, you got to figure out different ways to have fun. You know what I mean? Like, you got to, man, because it's repetitive, right? Is repetition, repetition, repetition. So, we try to figure out different ways to have a good time with this, man. &gt;&gt; Yo, Eddie, I see you starting as well, man. It's zero hours &gt;&gt; around when it and you appreciate you champ. &gt;&gt; Yo Eddie, I see you starting something as well, man. Around when will it come out? Excited for it. And the new network of course. Oh, for real, for real. Yeah, Eddie. Eddie, we're gonna get Eddie to drop the Eddie Chambers system of how he likes to box, which I think is really cool because Eddie has his own style in the ring and he's been a guy who's fought guys much bigger than him, Paul, and he's been able to win, right? Uh, and so I think that it'll be really cool for you guys to see a different perspective of how he likes to do. I mean, the fundamentals are the fundamentals, but every fighter got their own twist. And I think that Eddie has a a lot a lot to share, a lot to offer you guys, man. So, you guys should definitely be on the lookout for that. And I'm glad you guys can hear us, man, cuz they're literally playing the chaka in the back right now, man. You know what I mean? But listen, this why we like girl that's why we like female energy here at CA Boxing Gym, man. They soften things up. They keep things fun because I mean when you're around men just trying to knock each other out all the time, it's like it's good to switch it up. It's good to switch it up. &gt;&gt; That is more question. Oh, right here. &gt;&gt; How to prevent a cut off punch while jabbing. How do I prevent a cut off punch while jabbing circling left? Go ahead, Eddie. Circle left. So, how do you prevent somebody from throwing the right hook or the overhand while you're jabbing to your left? So, one thing is a lot of times guys like throw two or three jabs going out. You could do that with cut you can literally close the door with your combination with the double jab or the triple jab. But the thing is guys set you up and allow you to throw a couple and then I this what I did and bring that overhand or that counter right hand over the top to kind of cut you off or cut you out. You know the clock the way out. I would just say be really defensively responsible. Keep your eyes open. Understand what direction you're moving in your fight. If you're fighting an orthodox guy that right hand is right on that side. So if you just throwing three blind jabs not worried about what's coming into something. So, just make sure after you pop those jabs, you can do a drop or maybe roll underneath just in case they come over the top with that right hand. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Man, we about to get out of here. Answer one more. Been waiting on that network program since you first mentioned the network certification last November. I know I'm a year late, y'all, but I promise you it's going to be worth the wait. Uh, one last question for Eddie. Eddie, what's your instinct? What's your instinct says when you get an opponent who is good at dodging and you can't keep up with his speed? &gt;&gt; I had I had something like that where I was kind I wasn't sharp as crucial and it wasn't so much that I couldn't keep up with his speed. His timing was just at that time and I wasn't sharp as I needed to be. I wasn't camp the right way things and I didn't have the kind of sparring that I that I needed for a guy like me. I would have need a lot of light to work smart that speed and that pace. Not so much the speed but the pace. So if you got to think of what it is that you have in in comparison with that. So say for example the guy's you know say smaller and faster but but he's smaller he's shorter. So utilize your range. You're not slow if you beat me. So he might be a little quicker but just utilize the range. make him then uh uh reach for you at least to try to lunge for you. If you're going to make him lunch for you, it don't matter how fast he is. He's going to fall right into that center area where you can catch him with whatever you need. Now, if he's quick enough to get out, that's good for him. But at some point, you're going to be able to catch him or you're going to be able to win. It might not be the most exciting fight, but you going to be able to win a range fight. It might, like I said, might not be exciting, but at least you'll be able to win. I wish I would have done that. &gt;&gt; All right, y'all. Man, listen, man. I appreciate everybody who pulled up tonight, man. We will be live every day for the rest of the month, so we have plenty of time to chop it up with each other. So, yes, I will see you guys tomorrow. All right. And uh &gt;&gt; turn the camera around. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. Hold on. Y'all can see [laughter] Y can see what we dealing with. &gt;&gt; Y'all can see what we dealing with over here. &gt;&gt; Listen, tomorrow though, Erikson Lupin versus Virgil Ortiz. I will be going live. &gt;&gt; I will be going live probably after the fight because I'mma be honest, I want to enjoy the damn fight and sometimes it's hard for me to like talk as the fight's happening and fully enjoy it. So, I will go live after the fight, talk to you guys about what I saw, and uh it should be a lot of fun, man. Um, so tomorrow, Virgil Ortiz versus Erikson Luben. Super super excited. Uh, I'm cool with Erikson Luben, man. Met him in Florida. We ended up getting cool, real cool with his coach. So, I'm rooting for Luben. Hopefully, he can get it done. But we also know that Virgil Ortiz is a force to be reckoned with, Eddie. like right now he's a serious serious competitor. It's gonna be hard to go against him, but I'm rooting for home team, man. That's what I do. I always I always home team. I'm a big even I didn't know you better. I'm a big fan. I think he's really talented young fighter. Unfortunately, he's bad. Definitely with the Charlo situation, but I think he's really talented. Really has the ability to be even on a higher level than he is. I But sometimes things happen and we don't actually get to our full potential. But his ability is just you can see it when he fights. Special kind of fighter. &gt;&gt; Yeah man. He's super talented man. Like it's really unfortunate cuz when he fought uh Charlo and he got hit with that shoulder roll uppercut which was a thing of freaking beauty by Charlo. No disrespect to I mean not not taking nothing away from Charlo. I just feel like Luben didn't get a chance to get rolling. If he would have got rolling in that fight, that would have been a really good fight. But Charlo got him out of there in the first round, as you should. You don't get paid for overtime. And that's what happens when you do everything the right way. You know what I'm saying? You go ahead and show the role. We got Coach City. I show one of my lady coaches. All right. She does she does her thing. She does her thing here, man. But listen, guys, we are out of here, man. I am about to slide. Make sure that you guys Million-Dollar Mits guys coming soon. Get on that waiting list, man. I appreciate everybody who showed up, man. No days off November. See y'all tomorrow. I am.