Kind: captions Language: en Heat. [music] Hey, Heat. [music] Hey, [music] hey, [music] hey. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Heat. Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; What's going on? What's going on? Listen, I'm about to go live on YouTube right now. So, go to my story, click the link. Gabe, what's going on, champ? Everybody, go to my YouTube channel. Go to my story, click the link. I want to chop it up with you guys. I want to do some Q&amp;A with you guys or go to my YouTube channel. You can go to my story right now. Go to the YouTube and come hang out with me. What's going on, champ? What up? How you doing, man? Listen, pull up. Go to my YouTube channel. About to go live right now. We got everybody in here. All right, guys. I'll see you soon. What's going on, guys? How are you? How are you? It's just me right now. Fast Eddie will be here in a minute. Just want to go ahead and say what's up to you guys, man. No days off. November continues. We're gonna go ahead answer your questions. We're gonna talk some boxing. We got some big good boxing coming up this weekend, man. We got uh Virgil Ortiz versus Ericson Lubeson, right? Lubes. That's how you pronounce his last name, man. I'm excited about that. We've been doing a lot of live streams, man. I don't know if you guys been keeping up with us. Me and Eddie did a full demonstration. Uh, two days ago. Uh, yesterday we did a boxing Q&amp;A. You know what I mean? So, uh, no, yesterday we did fantasy fights. My bad. Yesterday we did fantasy fights. Day before that we did a Q&amp;A. Today we gonna do a Q&amp;A. So, I just want to go ahead and hang out with you guys, man. So, don't be shy. Chop it up with me in the chat. Say something. You know what I mean? Eddie said he will be on here soon, so you guys will definitely be able to answer me ask him some questions in a little bit. But yeah, man. A couple of things to note, man. Well, this month, I'm going to say I think as soon as next week, I will be dropping the million million-dollar MITs course, man. So, a little bit about the million-dollar mitts course for those of you guys that don't know what it is. I will be teaching every single thing I know about mint work. Okay? And a lot of you guys might not know, but I came into professional boxing. Uh I kind of started at the top, if that makes any sense. I started at the top of professional boxing. And the reason I was able to start at the top of professional boxing is because of uh my work skills. So I give you an example. I was most recently getting ready to turn a kid pro. not working with him no more, but things didn't work out how I wanted them to. But I was getting ready to turn a kid pro and um we were gonna have our first pro fight. Crazy story was I never actually went that route with anybody. I kind of was like, "Okay, I'm talking to the promoters. We're trying to find them an opponent and all types of stuff." And I'm like, "Yo, you know what's crazy? I never had to do this before." I started off working big fights, you know what I mean? When I first got into coaching, my first fight was with uh Hank Lundy and we were fighting on HBO against Thomas Delore and I simply came in as a mid guy. I came in well, you know, it started off as a mid guy. I eventually became like an assistant coach, but he simply just wanted mitt work for me. I went ahead and worked with Hank Lundy for a duration of fights. Big shout out to Hank Lundy. He's one of my one of my guys in boxing. He definitely got me started in the professional route. We even fought Terence Crawford together. I was in the corner, you know, I mean, with T against Terence Crawford, we lost the fight. Hank did pretty good, you know, compared to other opponents that um uh that he's fought in the past. Hank did, you know, I thought exceptionally well. Made a couple mistakes that cost him big obviously, but it was Mitt work that got me in those positions. You know what I mean? Especially now with social media being such a prevalent thing for you to have uh notoriety, it's really good for you to have mitt work skills as a boxing coach. If you're a personal trainer, MIT work will also be great. Even if you're not like a prof, you're not let's say you're not training fighters, okay? you learned this skill set and now you know why you got your guy doing weights or whatever and now you want to give him some cardio. Instead of telling him, "Hey man, go get 20,000 steps or go on the elliptical for 30 minutes or the stand master," you can say, "Hey man, put some gloves on and I'mma give you some pads." And then you could really do your thing with the pads. I know there's a lot of guys out there that know how to hold pads, but I like to think that for those who don't know, I would be one of the perfect people to teach you considering the success I've had because MIT work not only got me in these big corners, you know what I mean? It got me noticed, you know what I mean? This is my second gym, CA Boxing Gym in Florence, New Jersey. I had a gym before this, you know, I mean, for 10 years, okay? So, you know, obviously I've monetized and used social media to my advantage. And it all started for me. I mean, besides me, you know, investing my money and and being a businessman, me being noticed as a coach really started with a pair of mits. So, Million-Dollar Mits will be coming out very, very soon. I'm very super excited. And I'm teaching it all, man. I'm teaching you from the basics on how to hold the mits to where to place them, strategies to get your guy to do certain stuff on the mits, the fancy mitt work, the real eyecatchy stuff. I'm adding it all in there and I'm going to consistently be updating it. So, even when you do get the course, there's going to be more that I'm going to be adding to it because you really like it's really a never- ending thing. Like, I could teach you everything that I currently know and then there's going to be something new that I learn and I'm just going to go ahead and teach that to you as well. So, guys, I'm super excited about it. million-dollar mids coming very soon. And if you're interested in it, okay, I'm going to go ahead and put the link in the des in the comments right now. I also have it in the description in the comments right now and you can get on the waiting list. Everybody who gets on this waiting list is going to save money because you're going to get the first dibs. Okay, I'm obviously dropping it now in November, which is a Black Friday month. I'm also going to be coming out with my sale, my big blowout Black Friday sale for all my courses, the Master Boxing Bundle, which is indirectly a C uh bundle that you can use not only for if you're a boxer who wants to learn and get better at boxing, which I've gotten thousands of testimonials. I've had over 5,000 people come through my courses, okay? I've I've got a 312 thousand subscribers on YouTube, over a thousand videos on YouTube teaching boxing. So, if you're just new to my live streams or you just, you know, found out who I am, I encourage you to just go through my old YouTube videos, most recent YouTube videos, and just see how I teach. I like to break things down to the very specifics when I teach boxing, especially on camera, because I want to be able to get the information across so you could understand it no matter what level you're at. My master boxing bundle has 16 courses. 16 courses, all right, that start from build you to the ground up 1.0, 2.0, 0 my footwork drills, how to set traps and counter punch. Defensive principles 101, which teaches you the fundamentals of defense, how to box on the inside, how to box on the outside, angles, and how to create them. 150 combos to the head, 150 combos to the body, 150 head body combinations, the Philly shell system, how to shadow box. I'm talking about I got a lot of good stuff on there. A lot a lot of good stuff. So, I'm gonna be doing my annual Black Friday sale. So, get ready for that. I'm super excited to my my goal is to just get all this information out because the real focus is going to be the million-dollar mitts. And I'mma be honest, if you pair up the million-dollar mits with my master boxing bundle and you're a trainer, you're going to level up crazy. You know what I'm saying? Look, I'm not an old man. At least, I don't think I do. Do I look like an old man to you? Let Let me know in the comments if I look like a old man. I've been in 11 world title fights already. 11 world title fights. You're not talking to somebody who's never been part of a world championship corner. Okay. At my age, I've already been at 11 world title fights. I was able to do this all in my 30s. Okay. 11 world championship corners camps. And it all started with pair mitts. So don't underestimate MIT work. Now, don't get me wrong, mitzv isn't everything, right? Like, you got to be able to teach. You got to be able to demonstrate. You got to be able to get a guy in top shape. You have to have a good eye when a guy is sparring. You have to, you know, be able to, I think I said get a guy in shape, you know, condition a fighter, mentally get a fighter prepared and to believe in themselves. These are all the things that you need as a as a trainer, a well-rounded trainer. But midwork without a doubt is not only one of the best ways to teach, it's one of the best ways to get the most out of your athlete. Let me tell you something. I got a gym now full of people. When I get in front of them on the mits, their eyes light up because this is what they get excited about because, you know, it's like a it's a intimate thing. Like you're working with somebody, you know, you're you're intimate with them because you're you're getting them to do what you're asking them to do and they're trying to do it to the best of their ability. especially since you're right in they're right in front of you. And then of course you got to correct them. Correct their form and everything. And you know shadow boxing is king. Heavy bag is important. Mid work is very important. Sparring is very important. But that's for fighters. And we're talking about people who want to have the boxers experience without getting punched in the face. What better than mid work? What better what's better than mitt work? You feel me? So that's that's really what that is. Um, that's something that that that I want to encourage you guys to do. So, anyway, man, let me get in here and say what's up to some of the people. My man said Virgil can crack. I like Ver Bluben can crack. I like Virgil, but when I saw Luben Drop learn Power, he's very good boxer. He's very skilled, very good boxer. I got to meet him a couple of times. I'm I'm cool with his coach. I'm rooting for Eric, man. You know, I'm rooting for Lubman. I hope he does it. We'll see what happens. You know what I mean? What's going on, Elmpo? What's going on, coach? What's good, man? I was going to do the sparring that you recommended today, but I didn't I didn't get to do it quick enough. So, um, basically, I'll probably do that next week, guys. Next week, I'll have some sparring here, my beginner boxers, you know what I mean? And maybe if I could get lucky, I could bring another gym in here. So, it could be like our gym boxing, another gym or something like that. And what we'll do is we'll uh we'll go ahead and do it live. You know what I mean? So I think that'll be really dope, really exciting. So hopefully we can do that next week. Coach Anthony, the best out. Thank you, champ. I appreciate that. Dank father, I appreciate that. Um drills to specifically break dropping the rear hand and being more aware of it. I mean, man, I mean, you know, don't drop when you know, you could hold something here. You know, you could put something here and hold it. You know what I'm saying? Uh, I've seen guys tie a freaking hand wrap around. You know what I mean? You could put something under your elbow like a mitt and then when you're popping your jab, bop bop. You know that that that rear hand stays glued right here where it's supposed to be, which is on the side of your chin for the most part, right? You don't want it way up here. You don't want it way down here. You want it right by the chin because that's where you're going to release the punch. And if a shot comes to your head, you could simply bring it up, right? You bring the phone to your ear like I like to tell people, right? You just bring the phone to your ear. Boom. Right? So that's how you would block that shot. But yeah, you could put something under your arm. You could just be mindful, you know, you could be mindful of it. You could have somebody tie something around your arm. Whatever, whatever works for you. The whole goal is for you to be mindful, not drop that hand. You know what I mean? And if you're working the mids with somebody who knows what they're doing, whenever you pop a jab, I'm shooting a hook. I'm shooting a hook at the same time. So if you like somebody throws a jab in my hand, I'm going, "Wow." And then as I go like that, and if you drop your hand when you go to jab, you're getting smacked in the face. So that's what I really like about mint work because mint work can correct some of these deficiencies. Real question. Have you ever had guys blame you for losing or getting touched up, especially when they are somewhat green or even four years experience? I always see young fighters. No, I've never had a fighter uh blame me for getting touched up. I've been fortunate, man. The guys who I've worked with that's worked under that that train under me are you they usually develop pretty well or they already are pretty good fighters when they come to me. When I fell out with fighters in my in my uh career, it's been more about miscommunication, after fights, um business, uh things of that nature. But I haven't had too many fallouts because of instructions or anything that I've done. You know what I'm saying? Like it's just been more miscommunications, you know? You know, and uh or or it's just not worth it for them and it's not worth it for me any longer to work with each other. So, we just part ways on a mutual basis, but I'm still pretty good with every fighter I've ever worked with for the most part. Uh, I don't have many enemies in boxing. You know, I work with Kevin Farmer, Raymond Ford, Hank Glundy, uh, Outlaw, Eric Hunter. These are all people that I could walk up to and say what's up to him and show love to him. You know what I'm saying? Most recently, Raymond Ford, who won the world title. I mean, we just got off the phone and I got him hooked up with Jake Paul so he could, you know, go ahead and spar with Jake Paul. So, I mean, everybody's in good standings. We're in good standings whether we work together or not. But for the most part, as far as me getting blamed for instructions, listen, at the end of the day, you know, the stuff that I'm teaching you is going to work. And if you're not executing, a lot of the times that's the fighter because I'm never going to tell a fighter to do some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know what I mean? I'm usually very basic with my instructions, especially when they're sparring. I keep it simple, you know what I mean? And uh we've had good success, man. I've had far more success with my fighters than not success. You know what I mean? What's going on, Nick? I see you, Trent. What's up, coach? When we see you in the fighter corner again, love seeing you get your shine with Ray Ford, man. I appreciate that, man. Um, hey man, whatever whatever whatever uh God got in store for me, that's what it's going to be. You know, right now my main focus is getting back into the content. I don't know if you guys notice, but I kind of like haven't been as active with the content. And I feel like what I like about stuff like this, like live streams and and talking to you guys, is like I can talk to a mass amount of people at one time. So, like right now, you know, there's only so many people in the live that I'm chopping it up with, right? But then when I shut this live off, all the people who watch it later, you know, different places, different time zones see it and then they get some value from it and then I get an email or I get a message saying, "Yo, this is really insightful." You know what I mean? Or all the thousands and thousands of messages and testimonials I've gotten from my courses and I've gotten from it. I love it. It makes me feel good because I'm affecting people who I don't even know and they're hitting me up saying, "Yo, I love it." But as far as working with fighters, you know, it's not as easy as you're just going to see me with a fighter because, you know, it takes so much time to build a fighter. And if a fighter's already established, a lot of the times they already have their team. You know, I've gotten uh some good opportunities in my career where I've gotten with fighters right before they fought for world titles. So, it was pretty cool for me to get right into those seats, you know what I mean? But that's not very common. That's not something that happens all the time. I kind of been blessed that way. Um, so we'll see when it happens again. You know what I mean? If it ever happens again, we'll see. But one thing I'm not going to stop doing is I'm not going to stop teaching you guys boxing. I'm not going to stop passing the information that I know has helped me in my life and in my career online as as long as we got an internet, right? And I also have a facility, you know, so I got people that come over here every single day that are fully dedicated and invested to the program. And um you know whether it's amateur boxing or just somebody who wants to come in and get better at boxing and wants to get the whole experience man I'm for it all. Boxing for me isn't just working professional world title corners. I mean I love all of it. You know what I mean? Fellow coach here. What should open class boxers be working on? Open class boxers should be working on everything that you know all boxers are working on. Working on their technique, working on their combinations, whatever level they're at, their footwork, and they should be getting some very good quality sparring. I think once you get to a certain level of boxing, it's about the quality sparring. I was having this conversation with one of my amateurs today and I said, "Listen, bro, do you really think that there's a lot of people who know how and he's a good fighter. He's a very good fighter. He's an open class boxer, national champion, fighter of the year, two years in a row. He trains here with me. And I told him, I said, "Do you think that when these pros that you know that you're boxing know a lot more than you?" They really don't. Like a lot of these pros that are pros don't know much more than the amateurs that I got, except that they know how to pace themselves. They know how to place punches better through experience. They know how to relax and stay calm and in and certain situations. They fought with the smaller gloves or no headgear. These are things that you're going to start learning as a professional fighter. The intangibles, but as far as the techniques and stuff, you kind of know a lot of it already as an open class fighter if you're a quality open class fighter. But what happens is you learn more about yourself as you continue to train, as you continue to fight. Your coach learns more about you. you come together collectively and come up with different approaches on how to make your training better for the next fight based off of your sparring, based off of your last performance, things of that nature. Maybe your conditioning was a little bit off, so you focus a little bit more on conditioning. Maybe you're getting hit with the right hand a little bit more than we like to. So, now we got to focus on a little bit on your defense. Maybe you're uh trading shots and exchanging too much. Maybe we focus a little bit more on, you know, you boxing and not getting hit as [clears throat] often. You know, there's a there's a bunch of different things that you're going to have to work on with your fighters, but it comes back to the data. You know, as a data, like we got to figure out what's going on. It's not just like playbook. This is what you do. It's what are you doing? How are you performing? How can we improve it? What are you doing? How are you performing? How can we improve it? You see what I'm saying? I'm almost 44 at this point. I just want to learn and hone in on my craft. Still enjoy it. Let your passion burn, gentlemen. 100%, bro. How many fighters have you built from the ground up to a world to a world championship level? I've never took a fighter and built him to a world championship level. You know how young I would have had to have been? I would have had to have like to take a fighter from the ground up and build them to a world championship level. That means I was training them when I was a freaking kid. I mean, you got to think champ world champions become world champions at like 30 years old. I mean, no, no, I'm lying. Tevin Farmer became a world champion at 28 years old. That was actually a little bit late, but some of these guys are turning world champions 22, 23 years old, maybe. You know, I mean, that's maybe the average. You know, you got guys like Tyson who did it at 18 and certain guys who do it really young, but guys are getting it like 22, 23 years old and they started boxing at 87 years old. So, no, I've never taken a guy and built them from seven years old to a world champion. I'm not 60ome years old. You know what I mean? Maybe now if I took that type of energy and put it into a kid and focused on him from the very beginning and stuck with him the whole entire time, but that's a very tough task. And a lot of trainers uh haven't done that, you know what I mean? A lot of a couple have, but these are trainers, they got kids, you know, they've been coaching guys in the gym and that's all they've ever done their whole life, whatever. You know what I mean? So, I've taken kids from the ground up and turned them into national champions, national amateur boxing champions. I had a team of national amateur boxing champions when I had my last gym. And then what happened was I stopped coaching people during COVID. You feel me? But hold on. This is a guy right here, Fast Eddie Chambers. &gt;&gt; Yo, what's good? And &gt;&gt; so yo, this guy was just asking me how many fighters have I built from a ground level to a world championship level. And basically what I was telling him is none. Because if you take a guy and build him like for instance, how old were you when you fought for the world title? &gt;&gt; Me? I was 28. &gt;&gt; 28 years old. Okay. &gt;&gt; Me and you the same age? No. No. You You older than me, bro. A year. What? We're around the same age. &gt;&gt; Okay. I would have had to train you as I was growing up my damn self [laughter] to get you to a world championship level &gt;&gt; basically. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You see what I'm trying to say? So, what I try to, you know, a lot of people, a lot of coaches, and the reason why I'm answering this question, so uh like being so freaking open with the question is &gt;&gt; it's 23 hours &gt;&gt; because I think a lot of co a lot of coaches get uh criticized if they didn't train a fighter from the very beginning to a world championship. But the chances of you sticking with a fighter that long, okay, pause, is already like very difficult in boxing. We see that fighters go from trainer to trainer to trainer to trainer. You went, you had your father, &gt;&gt; so he coached you. So that's kind of of a bond is a little harder to break, right? When your pops is your trainer because it's like that's you're also your father and he's involved with boxing. He's supporting you. He's motivating you. He lives with you. he's waking you up in the morning, making sure that you're actually doing it. So, it's a little bit different. But a lot of these trainers, a lot of these fighters like that fight for the world title, they've had trainers that coach them through the amateurs. Then they had trainers that coach them through the pros and then they switch trainers halfway through the pros and then when they get to a world championship level, they freaking have a different group of guys at the World Championship level. And then if they lose, then they get rid of those guys and they go get another group of guys. Next thing you know, you're like, "Damn, this guy had like eight, nine trainers." Like, and some of the trainers you didn't even know existed because you weren't there for the amateur background. You see what I'm saying? So, would you agree, Eddie? &gt;&gt; 100%. I mean the only I had a very different situation than most and more than a lot of people is that I had my father who was my trainer and all that all the way up until 25 years old. So three years before I fought for the title and I had one other guy up until then and then I had Bashier and then Bashier and then I got you know at some point and Bashier's been around regardless even &gt;&gt; I went to Peter Fury after that and then &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; I came and I came back and then we went then me and Bash got back together and then we started working me you I mean me and you. So yeah it's been &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I think about like let's think about Klitschko. You know what I'm saying? The you fought Klitschko. He gets so much uh people give Emanuel Stewart so much credit for his success because I thought Emanuel Stewart did a fantastic job when he was with Klitschko. However, he didn't build Klitschko. &gt;&gt; Klitschko was a built fighter when he got him. What he did was help Klitschk Klitschko improve, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And I think that's happens to guys at a certain point of their career. Like you have guys who teach you the basics or ride with you, whatever, and then for whatever reason they move on to a different guy. Whether maybe they feel like they outgrown him, maybe they just move, may like there's a bunch of different things like it's very rare that one trainer takes a kid and has him his whole freaking life. That's very rare. Now, I have champions because &gt;&gt; at our old gym, we had guys that started with us and &gt;&gt; they just got good. Next thing you know, they're winning nationals and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. So, that happened at my last facility, but I had that facility for 10 years. Right now, we're building a pretty nice amateur team. I mean, what's our record now with the amateurs we got here now, Eddie? Like 17 and two or something like that. &gt;&gt; Something like that. Yeah. and both and both &gt;&gt; and both the losses are disputable. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; yeah, and me and Eddie are coaching these guys together and we're having good success with these guys, right? So &gt;&gt; you know, but building a fighter from the very beginning and having man, you got to be like that's why these coaches be like 60s something years old, 60 70 years old, man, by the time like they get their fighter to that point, you know what I mean? But a younger guy like myself who's been in 11 world title corners, like I said, that's why y'all need the mint work course because, &gt;&gt; shameless plug, 11 world title corners, Eddie, and it started because people appreciated how I held Mitts and I am okay with admitting that. I am totally fine with that. You still got to have a boxing IQ to hold Mits properly to help a fighter get to that next level. Now, with Raymond Ford, I came in as as a I kind of came in as a lead trainer because he had a lead trainer who said, "I want you to be a lead with me. I don't want you to be under me." A big shout out to Coach Reg. Coach Reg is my brother. I very rarely ever met a coach like him who said, "Coach Anthony, I need help with this kid." And when we got Raymond Ford, I got with Raymond Ford, I think he was 11 and0 with one draw. He just had a tough fight with Eddie Vasquez. A lot of people thought he lost that fight. I came in right after that due to coach Reg calling me and saying, "Coach Ant, I think you're the perfect fit and I need you to help me with this kid." I came in, Raymond was very open to me. And we fought four or five times together, I think six times. And then we had that we had the fight of the year on the zone. Shout out to Raymond Ford for winning the world title with a few seconds left. And big shout out to Paulie Malignaggi and Chris Chris Aljuri and Timothy Bradley for giving me so much praise and love, you know, for my corner work. But I wouldn't have gotten a chance to shine that way had I not already had a resume. And if it wasn't for my midwork skills, I wouldn't have had a resume. So this is why you have to be able to do that. Don't get me wrong, I know how to box, too. It's not like I don't know boxing. I just hold mits. But I'm just trying to say like this shows you the importance of if you learn a skill, what opportunities can happen for you and how quickly they can happen. Any thoughts? Uh Eddie? &gt;&gt; 100%. I mean, whatever can get you in the door, you know, is is, you know, like if if if it's mits, you know what I mean? If it's your conditioning work, it whatever. There's a lot of guys in different ways they got involved in boxing and it was through something else. You know what I mean? Be it management, be it, you know, training, you know what I mean? Promotion, you know what I mean? Like look at Jake Paul. Jake Paul wasn't a boxer. I mean, he was probably an he was an athlete in different, you know, different sports, but he decided to take up boxing. Now look, he's one of the biggest promoters in the world and one of the biggest names in boxing in the world. So, you know, it's it's whatever it takes for you to get involved and to and and to, you know, get noticed, you know what I mean? That gets you opportunity. You know, look at me. I've been fighting 30 years. I've been in there my whole life and I still haven't gotten the opportunities that some of these other guys get. And I have the skill of boxing. So, you know what I mean? You can be in it all your life and still never really crack what you want to crack. But at the end of the day, you know what I mean? At least get your foot in the door. If there's something that you have that's a special talent that can be involved with boxing, use that to get your foot in the door and then start studying the sport. You never know what you might be. Start if you wanted to compete. If you wanted to be a coach, you know, it doesn't matter. I mean, obviously myths are a really really good way and that's why we putting out this course, but um yeah. Yeah, that's that's you know, just got to find your your your niche &gt;&gt; 100%. So Maya said or Mia Maya said uh when we're doing mint work, what should a a fighter be paying attention should be paying the closest attention to? What translates in the ring? &gt;&gt; When doing mint work, what should a fighter be paying the closest attention to to translate? I think I mean I think that's more of the midh holder's job to make sure that he's doing what he has to do to get you prepared for something that's going to translate in the ring. Your job as the boxer is to just execute what the coach is telling you to do. So if I'm saying throw a one two hook to the body, right? That's obviously me going bang bang bang, right? Is to bring the hands up so we can open up the body shot. Your job is to throw with the best form and technique that you possibly can throw it with. So that's what you need to focus on. So it really comes down to the mid holder in this situation. If the mid holder isn't doing the right job to get you prepared for fight situations, then you're not going to be getting is not nothing you could do about it. Like you could be the best fighter in the world, but if I tell you throw a hook here, a hook here, one two up here, how is that gonna how are you going to benefit from that? So it comes down to the mitt holder knowing what they're doing. And that's why you need a trainer who understands the difference between holding mits for fitness, holding mits for extravagant views on Instagram, and holding the mits for technical uh technical stuff that's going to happen in an actual fight. I like to think that I could do it all. You know what I mean? And I like to and I like to say that I'm showing it all in the course. You know what I mean? I gotta keep plugging the course, Eddie, because it's coming out next week. I'm just keeping it real. Like, if you want to put together a fancy mittwork rendition when people see like the Floyd Mayweather ga, please understand, I'm usually doing that for one one of three reasons. Reason number one, it's a lot of fun. The the person hitting the mits loves it. It gets them to work, move their head, combinations, moving quickly. Everything's happening quick. You got to react. So, it does help some reaction. It does help some reflexes. Okay? But I would not consider that by any shape or form how you're going to fight. Second thing obviously is eye-catching. If I'm a personal trainer in a box gym, people are going to see that. They're going to want to hire me. If I post that on Instagram, people are going to see that. They're going to be interested. either they're going to follow me so they can see more of that or they're going to DM me because they want to try that because it looks like a lot of fun and and reason number three is it's good it's good cardio like it's going to get your heart rate up it's going to be moving a lot but one thing it's not going to do it's not going to teach you like what's going to happen in an actual fight when we're working on what's going to happen in an actual fight there's different ways to hold mits for that I might focus on technique I might focus on strategy you know I might be moving around the ring making you cut me off. I might be pressing you, having you circle around me, or I might just be sitting there and just getting you to focus on turning your punch over. You feel me? There's so many different things you could do on the mids. It's the most versatile tool in a boxing gym if you have the right holder. Arguably, it's the best tool next to sparring and shadow boxing because I can do defense drills, counter counter punching drills. Uh, I could do it all with the Mets. There's really nothing I can't do with the Mets. What do you think, Eddie? &gt;&gt; I agree. I agree. We can simulate a fight with them. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; I'm throwing real jabs at you. You really got to catch react. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Yeah. you you can literally make it clo as close to a fight as I even had guys like you know my my guy Bashier he would say yo you know there's been times he had you know fighters they used to train I think it was he mentioned one time it was Mo Harris and Mo Harris is like one of the best fighters you never heard of but he was he was super nice and he said that there was times they didn't have sparring they didn't have ability to get a lot of sparring so they had to do like intense mit sessions where it was like they was fighting each other. You know what I'm saying? And [clears throat] you know, he's obviously leading him into doing the right things, but at the end of the day, you know, if you don't have something like sparring or, you know, even even the ability to hit a bag, if you got mits or you got your hands, you can definitely turn that into something that actually replicates what you might be doing in the ring. So, yeah, man. I think I think mits probably third on my list though. You know what I mean? If I'm going to say I mean if if you have a trainer 100% mits are like you gota you know what I mean? But I would still say shadow boxing and sparring are the two main things that are going to really really really help improve improvement. But as far as game planning is concerned with you and your coach, the mitz is probably the go-to. You know what I'm saying? That's the go-to. And there and that's so many that's why so many uh &gt;&gt; fighters look for coaches that could hold mits. It's also a good motivator because sometime you listen when you've been boxing for a long time like &gt;&gt; let's just say five, six, seven, eight years or even if you just started if you just started and you're and you're getting bored with it, holing mits will keep you in the game. If you've been doing this a long time and you're getting bored with it, mits will wake you up, motivate you. The only thing that I think could motivate me more than a pair of mits would be sparring because I like to when I was competing in boxing and even when I stopped competing and all I think I want to do is train. &gt;&gt; If I'm not sparring, I'm not even interested in hitting a heavy bag or nothing. Like that's why I don't even really box nowadays now. Like I, you know, I could still move around. I posted videos of me shadow boxing, hitting the bag. It's quite obvious I can still move and I definitely can still spar if I really wanted to. But my thing is if if I'm not look because I don't want to get hurt at this point in my life. I don't want to go in there. I don't want to get hurt. I don't want to hurt nobody. When I say I don't want to get hurt, I don't just mean somebody hurting me with a punch. I mean messing my wrist up, tearing my shoulder or something like that because as a trainer, I need to be healthy so I could go ahead and train people. And I'm not really looking to get hurt. I already boxed thousands of rounds already with people in the ring, so I don't need to keep doing that. But my whole point is if I'm not sparring, I don't even get excited to do the boxing workout anymore due to how long I've been boxing. How do you feel, Eddie? I know you should. If anything, you've done If I box a thousand rounds, you box 10,000 rounds. What What are your thoughts? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. I agree with that one million%. Actually, there was a period where, you know, and even now I come in the gym and every once in a while jump in the in in the ring with the kids, you know what I mean? Let them throw punches at me. But honestly, the motivation to just go and hit the bag for exercise and and you know, shadow box even for me, the myths like it's just it's not there. But the sparring Yeah. The sparring is like Yeah. Yeah, I don't get me. &gt;&gt; That's why that's why it's like do it because I know that's the that's what I'm going to get into. I'mma be sparring times, five times a week because I'm gonna be like, "All right, I want to do it again tomorrow." I mean, depending on how my body feels, but Right. &gt;&gt; You know what I'm saying? Like that's the motivation outside of the mitt work. So, I think the mits &gt;&gt; is a great way to motivate somebody who's getting bored with the sport. So when I I say that to say if you have a fighter that's going through a lapse where you kind of see them getting demotivated, if you're good with the mits, you can say, "Come on, bro. Let me give you some mint work." And then you give them some mint work. And you wake them up. Now you wake them up. You go, "All right, man. Jump on the bag and give me four rounds on the bag." And they're already woken up from the mitts. Now they're going to go on the bag and they're going to be like cracking the bag. They just you just motivated them with the mits. &gt;&gt; You know what I or maybe you taught them something on the mitz. They're like, "Okay, now I'm excited to go on the bag." And the next thing you know, they're excited to spar because they want to try what you were working on. So, like a secret weapon &gt;&gt; uh for training that I think that a lot of the old school style trainers fail to give the credit to because you'll get a lot of guys who will say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like, "Oh, you don't need mits." And I'll be the first to admit you don't need no mits. However, they'll downplay mitt work and talk bad about mitt work, but their fighter secretly wants mitwork. Their fighters are secretly DMing me saying, "Coach Anthony, man, when I go out there, bro, I need to get some mit work because I don't never get no mits over here with my coach." And it's that coach telling his fighter, you don't need that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mitt work, you know? And it's like, bro, you got to get with the times, bro. Like, you gotta you gotta people want. If I couldn't hold mits because, god forbid, I was messed up for whatever reason, I would hire somebody to hold the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mits. My fighters gonna get mitt work. My clients are gonna get mitt work. If I can't do it, I'mma get somebody to do it. But I understand that that's one of the main things that keeps people into it. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. I agree 100%. You know, a lot of people know uh Danny Davis now for being, you know, cutman and, you know, good trainer, great trainer. Um, all of these different things. He's like a one-stop shop for for, you know, for everything, even raps and all that. Danny Davis, man, he was one of the first guys that we had as a mid guy. He was nice on the mids, you know what I mean? We had special setup combinations based off of Dan Danny Davis's mid work. So his he his he he got his start more so I mean he was already training guys by that time but we my guy Robbie had got and brought Danny in but the mits mainly you know what I mean and to help my dad with some of the training but definitely the mits because my dad wasn't he couldn't hold him and he didn't want to hold him he never did the old school mentality they never had it so he there was you know the bag or the shadow boxing it wasn't nothing about no mits so Danny came in and man we We actually like that. You know what I mean? I was, you know, packing like packing the mints, hitting it with these nice combinations, these sexy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know, head movement [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to go with it. It was like, yeah. Yeah. You know, we really really enjoyed it. And like I said, we had like set combinations that we would do. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We started doing it in fights. It was it was it was a necessary thing, a necessary evil that we really didn't have before that. We had it like with my my dad's other guy that helped us. His name was Tink Weaver. He used to help us out a lot with the mints. He was real good with the miss, too. But we didn't There it was a a long period in my career where I didn't even hit miss, you know what I'm saying? But now, but but as it as it wore on, then we got with Danny, then we start getting into it and was it was a necessity, you know, after a while. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. For sure. Shout out to Boogie Man Boxing. Yo, much blessings to you, Coach Anthony. I've done some of your work with my boy and it's been good for him, man. And thank you, man. This is what This is what I do it for, man. I remember when I first started my YouTube channel, Eddie. And big shout out to Eddie Chambers because he has his own YouTube channel. &gt;&gt; I'm let Eddie your YouTube channel real quick because we forget the &gt;&gt; He's not It's not just me doing stuff now. What is it? &gt;&gt; It's us. It's uh uh Fast Eddie Chambers. Fight like a pro. &gt;&gt; Fight like a pro. &gt;&gt; Fight like a pro. That's what we intend to do is to try to help people. Even if they don't want to be a professional fighter, we can have help them fight like one. &gt;&gt; There you go. So, like I told like I tell people all the time when I started my YouTube channel, I remember man like yesterday why I wanted to do it. First of all, at the time there wasn't too many good YouTubers out there teaching boxing. There was only like one maybe two guys out there doing stuff, right? &gt;&gt; And I was like, yo, I could definitely come into this space with the education that I've had. you know, I've had the opportunity to work with some really high level coaches and and trainers and fighters, you know, at a young age. I just was blessed uh to join a gym that had the best fighters in one stable at the time, which was in Florida. We had the Spartan gym. And at that time, you had Lud Duva, he had, you know, everybody. Vernon Forest, Zap Judah, uh Alexiso, Andrew Galada. I mean, these are guys that I would see every single damn training camp. every day there would be somebody new that he would have. And I was able to watch these guys work and watch these guys train. Fun story, fun fact. I freaking Emanuel Augustus used to train there. He wanted to spar me. And I turned the sparring down because I didn't want him to embarrass me. I go back to this day now and I replay that moment. I say, "Damn, I should have sparred him." Because he was actually going to work with me. He wasn't trying to hurt me. I only had like two or three amateur fights at the time and he's like, "Bro, I'm not going to hurt you, dog. I'm gonna work with you." And I was just like, "Nah, nah, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good." That was not that like I wasn't like scared. I was more like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] not about to spin around and do one of these. You know what I mean? Like I wasn't He used to do it in sparring. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; I was like, "Nah, I'm cool." But looking back on it now, it's a big regret of mine. And he told me right after that, he was like, "Listen, man." He said, "When you box," he said, "Treat it like you're playing basketball, your favorite video game, bro." He said, "Have fun with this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you're not having fun, you might as well not do this." And I took that gem and applied it to my coaching because when I finally became a coach, I I I noticed myself telling that to a lot of guys who I see struggling with the same issue that I was struggling with, which was, you know, thinking that I had to do more, thinking that I wasn't enough or overthinking the situation. So, you know, shout out to Emanuel Augustus. He probably won't even remember that gem he gave me, but I'll never forget it. But the reason that I went into the YouTube space was I can teach so many people at one time from one location. How dope is that? &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; sir, &gt;&gt; like how much doper how much doper is that? Like that I could be sitting right here in New Jersey and I could be talking to somebody in freaking the UK like and teaching them something and they're going to take that back to the gym, apply it, practice it whether and they don't even got to be live. They could watch the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] two months later and be like, "Yo, I just found this gem that you posted 10 years ago, bro, and then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just help me win my amateur fight." I get so many emails like that on a regular basis that I think they're lying to me. I'm like, "There's no way this guy is telling me the truth." Then they send me video and they're doing it. I'm like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how crazy is that, bro? It's a different time." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That it's different. You're about to experience that too, Eddie, because I know you've never really had a channel of your own. You're about to experience guys sending you videos &gt;&gt; saying, "Yo, that one video that you made, I tried it. It worked." And you're going to think that they're just trying to sweet talk you because you're fast, Eddie Chambers. And &gt;&gt; then they're going to send you a video and then you're going to be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's actually doing the shit." You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; That's when it's going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your head up. That's when you're going to be like, "Damn." You know what's crazy? I had like a little like kind of moment like that in a sense with and it hadn't do nothing to do with somebody I trained, but some of the philosophies that I put out there. And one of the things was it was when uh Anthony Derell was fighting man, my guy, what's his name? Real skilled. Really skilled. Um um um Caleb Plant, right? Hey, remember that that nasty knockout that happened at the end of the uh at the end of the fight? It was I told the guys and I always tell them after you throw the hook to the body, which is what he did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Reset outside the elbow. &gt;&gt; Don't just, you know, throw the hook and just stay there. A lot of times you can get shots coming in the middle. &gt;&gt; But the crazy part is when he did when they do that, you can't see the guy's you can't see his head. nor can you see his left hand. That's what really got Derell messed over. He's thinking that, oh, he's on that side. He's like kind of just ducking. He's not thinking about firing, but that's why he threw his hook. But at the same time, I always say we make mistakes as as humans. So, even though his right hand was up, as he started throwing the hook, it dropped. And then when Caleb Plant came up top, which is a punch is a combination I typically don't like for my guys to throw because of them mistakes. He came up top, Derell's hand dropped and he had beat him because he couldn't see him at first. He had threw the hook. Derell couldn't see it coming. Boom. Caught him. Knocked him out. So, the same thing that I explained daily to my guys, to our guys showed up in that fight. And then there's a couple other things that happen. I don't got to go into all of that, but they happen when I tell them simple little things, small little details and they're actually showing up. And it's crazy that I've been saying these things, but you know, oh, we don't get a chance to see it all the time. But in that in those cases, I was like, damn, that's a perfect example. I need to really take and I wish I could, but I'm worried about us getting being copyrighted and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is to put that on the channel and show, you know, and and and tell these kids what I and these different guys what I've been talking about about &gt;&gt; you know what I'mma do one day, guys, because I actually have a backup YouTube channel that I made and I'm actually streaming to it right now. I don't think probably anybody's on that one, but if there is. Um, either way, what I think I'm going to do is just to be safe, &gt;&gt; go live on here, guys, and then I'mma filter you guys over to the other YouTube channel. &gt;&gt; And then what we'll do is we will go live and do the film study there or something like that. Like just so &gt;&gt; that might be a good idea. &gt;&gt; That'll be like a dope little film study type thing. And just just to if they ban the channel, I'm rather them ban that channel than this channel because obviously I've built so much on this particular channel. I would hate to lose this channel. So, &gt;&gt; you know, I just want to play by the rules. I don't really know what the rules are and I'm not going to risk it. You know what I mean? I've already been struck struck once for that. You know what I'm saying? So, I don't want to have no no particular issue. But, we'll definitely do like a film study or something like that. Um, &gt;&gt; I would love that. &gt;&gt; But yeah, man. Yeah, bro. Like teaching online is very underrated. Matter of fact, how about that one kid that comes to our gym that spars with Javon all the time? The Southpaw. &gt;&gt; Oh, you talking about uh uh uh I was about say Javon &gt;&gt; uh Jir. &gt;&gt; Jir. Jir. You know, [clears throat] us with very little experience, but this kid got some skills. A lot of it is him watching boxing and learning on his own. Like he learned a lot before he even got with us. and he had zero amateur fights, but he's doing stuff like Shakur Stevenson and I'm like, yo, &gt;&gt; where did you learn that? He's like, I just watch a lot of boxing. So, it's like &gt;&gt; it's a different time, bro. It's not like was coming up. It's a different time. The access to, you know, watching videos and watching fights. I mean, you could watch fights on YouTube all day long. Back in the day, we had to put a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] V a tape in a VCR, sit down, watch it, and then, you know, I mean, CDs, you know what I mean? Now you walk around with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your hand. So it's like you just you could just study study study study study study study study and next thing you know you you know you're learning. You're learning. You're learning. You could literally put the damn phone on a tripod, put on your favorite fighter while they're hitting a heavy bag and you could try to emulate what the hell they're doing. And if you don't understand it, you could watch one of my courses that explain to you in detail why you're doing it. And you could see it in a fight being applied and put two and two together. Next thing you know, you're coaching yourself like to a degree. You know what I mean? And it's an advantage that I think that the new generation has that we didn't have. &gt;&gt; Thanks. Yeah. We did not have these like a lot of this information. We I mean obviously the internet didn't exist to the degree that it does now. And unfortunately for us that led to us just having to be and and it's not necessarily a bad thing. I mean, we had to trust the people that were around us and the information that we could get from those those people. And it was good for us. Some people don't had doesn't have didn't have it. So, what uh so so good. So nowadays, you can be in a gym with a complete, you know, goofy, you know, disrespect, but you can find guys like Coach Ant and me online and figure out the real and the right way to to do things. And man, it would have been nice to even though I had a great trainer and my dad and you know, over the years I had, you know, a lot of, you know, I've been around a lot of great people in boxing. It would have been nice to have another reference, like another way to get information, you know what I mean? The the internet and it would have been a real nice addition to what we already had. You know, we already was watching other guys training habits. You know, I was watch Shane Mosley and, you know, different guys, their training habits, Floyd Mayweather, you know, Roy Jones, different things that they were saying, what they would do, and we would try to emulate it and try to mimic some of it. And uh but if we had the internet back then, we' have had our whole we' have had our own little thing based off of what they did. &gt;&gt; Like if you wanted to learn from Emanuel Stewart or if you wanted to learn from Freddy Roach or whatever, like you had to &gt;&gt; you had to like study them. I mean they some of those guy I think Freddy Roach at one time dropped like a a DVD or something teaching some stuff, but like they weren't doing it at the level that we're doing it now. Like right now you got box instructionals. I mean, we I I mean, I sell 16 courses already about to come out with a midwork course teaching it from a coach's perspective. Like, literally, you could pick my brain now. Like, way easier than like imagine if this was like Freddy Roach and Emanuel Stewart having a freaking conversation and me and you when me and you were freaking coming up. Like, we would have been [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and picking their brains and trying to learn like, you know, we we've opened up a platform where people can ask us questions in real time. Like right now y'all like you're watching this in your crib or you're watching this at, you know, on your phone or in your laptop, whatever, however you're watching it. It's like we're all in a room together. Like somebody say something right now. Say something. Say something right now. I'm gonna talk to you like if we on FaceTime like &gt;&gt; like you know what I'm saying? Like this is this is crazy, man. Like &gt;&gt; like like &gt;&gt; right here with the with the coach, your videos and trainings are incredible. Thank you so much. Like that's like you you lit like we on FaceTime right now. You just gave me a compliment and I'm showing love. Thank you, bro. I appreciate that. Like, yo, I don't think that people understand the times that we're in. Like, we live like the celebrities of the 1999s, 2000, when 50 Cent dropped his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] album, Get Rich or Die Trying. We're living like the celebrities from that time. Like, you got guys now &gt;&gt; that &gt;&gt; haven't done anything in boxing. They got boxing channels and when you see them you're like, "Oh, that's that dude who got the boxing channel. They've never fought. They've never coached nobody, but they make content and you're like, "Oh yeah, that's the boxing guy." And it's like they became somebody. Why? Because they utilize their platform and they talk about boxing and &gt;&gt; yo, it's bro, it's like no, I'm not trying to hate on them or nothing, but what I'm trying to say &gt;&gt; is like, yo, we're in a different time, bro. Like, we're in a different time. and having access to this type of information is like, and I'm not trying to to my own. I'm a teacher and I'm giving you guys game all the time, but my thing is like, y'all need to take advantage of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Y'all really need to because &gt;&gt; whatever I'm trying to learn, if I go on their YouTube channel and they're doing a live stream, I'm jumping on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm support them because I'm trying to learn, bro. I'm trying to get better. I'm trying to elevate. If you're watching a boxing channel, chances are you're trying to get better at boxing in one shape, way, or another. You know what I mean? You really just appreciate the sport, you feel me? &gt;&gt; So take advantage, bro. Take advantage while we got this because you don't know what could happen. One day they might zap this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the internet's gone. Be like, "Oh, remember when we had the internet? The kid took it away from us?" You never know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. I agree with that. Use us here. Use us. Use these resources. You know what I mean? Whether you whether you like whether it's around forever or not, use them because what we got going on, the world needs to see. You know what I'm saying? This midwork course is definitely one of a kind. I I don't know if I have ever I don't I've never seen anything like this coming out. So, yeah, we got to take advantage of this. &gt;&gt; Facts, guys. I'm dropping the link one more time in the chat and then I'll go ahead and drop it in the comments after when I shut the live off. Join the waiting list. First dibs will be on the waiting list. I expect to have this out at least a early access as early as next week, guys. I'm probably going to do a early access because what's dope is even when I release it, let's just say I don't have all the videos in there that I want to do. I'm just going to constantly be updating it anyway. So, it's going to be like you guys just want to get the early access because that's going to be the cheapest it's ever going to be. Because one thing about this is this is not only going to give you a skill set so you could be better at midwork, you're going to be able to make money. I think that people don't understand this. Like I tell people like mittwork is no different than going to a good barber. Like &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; you're going to hire the better barber, right? If I'm going to get a haircut, I want the barber who got the track record of giving out a good haircut. Well, same thing with the boxing coaches. If you're gonna somebody's going to hire you as a guy who's going to get them in shape with the mits or as a coach, they're going to go to the coach that is just better at what they do. So, let MIT work be what brings you in clients, attracts fighters, helps you teach your kids, whatever, however you want to use this. But I know for a fact you're going to make you're going to get a return on the investment a hundred times fold if you watch the modules, you practice them, apply them, and market yourself and do what you're supposed to do. You know what I mean, &gt;&gt; bro? I learned by being there recording it with you. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; You saw it. I like, "Oh, so that's how I hold that for that." Okay, I'mma use that. You know what I mean? We gota definitely I mean definitely this is going to help a lot of coaches. &gt;&gt; A lot of coaches who didn't who didn't really want to hold mits before. Now they're going to get an opportunity to take to see how you really take care of it and how you really do it. And it's going to help them add a hell of a skill set to what already I'm hoping for them they already have, you know, a good skill set. So yeah, we need it. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. We are in New Jersey. We are in Florence, New Jersey. is like central Jersey right by Trenton. That's where our gym's at. So, we do have a gym where you will have access to us. And fun fact, me and Eddie actually do the coaching here. We're not just putting our names on this. We're actually in the building coaching you guys, right? &gt;&gt; Which I think that people people don't quite understand what that is. Some of these members, uh, Eddie, you know what I mean? I don't think they quite understand what they what they're dealing with. Like, I think they get it, but they don't truly get it. You know what I mean? But &gt;&gt; but we go &gt;&gt; they'll realize &gt;&gt; wait till they come in there and then they see us in there in the flesh like oh crap these dudes really here in training. Yeah that's what we said. Come out &gt;&gt; coach. Why so many people in boxing cheap hate financially investing in themselves? They want everything free. That's 100% fact bro. Um that is one of the that's one of the toxic traits that uh boxers have. And um I just think it's just due to the upbringing of a lot of boxers. Some boxers when they're talented, they get spoiled and they get a lot of coaches will give them free training because they're talented and they want to say they got a talented fighter or whatever. Or, you know, sometimes they come from underprivileged areas and there's like community-based programs that give free training. And, you know, if you get lucky, you might get a good coach out of one of those programs. But then what ends up happening is they get out of those programs and go into different parts of the of the country or whatever in life, and they expect that same treatment, not knowing that it was just a community-based program that they were fortunate to be part of once in their life, and now they actually got to pay to continue this training. People don't quite understand that about boxing. Boxing is a real skill. Like this isn't something that &gt;&gt; this isn't something that you just learn and like it goes away. Like it stays with you the rest of your life. It teaches you life skills. It teaches you perseverance. It teaches you patience, discipline. It teaches you how to have courage. Like there's so many things that boxing teaches you that you can't learn unless you actually go through it. Teaches you humbleness, you know. It teaches you, gives you confidence, you know, um, teaches you how to overcome fear like that, bro. Like the list goes on and on and on. We're not even &gt;&gt; all the above. &gt;&gt; We ain't even talking the health benefits yet. You know what I'm saying? Of the workouts and and everything else that comes with it. So, I just think that boxers get spoiled and then when it's time to pay up, they don't want to pay no more. You know what I'm saying? And then you got guys with the access to the internet. They start to get free information everywhere. They can't decipher the real from the fake anymore. So now they just want to surf the web. And I'mma get information from this guy. I'm gonna get information. I'mma get information from that guy. I'mma get information from that guy. And then next thing you know, you wasting your damn time just getting all this information. And you ain't doing none of it. And you don't know if the information you're getting is right or wrong. I had a guy who is a follower of mine send me a video of another trainer doing a move that I've taught thousands of times and he's asking me if this guy is teaching it right. I said, "Bro, I've done the video. Like, you're asking me &gt;&gt; to seek another [snorts] guy's video and you for your benefit. Not because you want to like come at the guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You want to get information from everybody. You know what I'm trying to say? You don't even realize, girl, you got the right information. Just stick with what I taught you, but you want to go run over there. So, go ahead. Now, you now I'm gonna let you figure it out. I'm not going to answer if." And I wasn't trying to be disrespectful. I'm like, "Bro, I made the video a thousand times. You follow me. You trust me, but yet you still want to go ask me if another guy is doing it right or wrong. I can't I can't participate in that now." Now, it's like &gt;&gt; it's a little disrespectful at this point. So, what I'mma do now is just let you go on your way because you have to know the real from the fake. If you're going to get information from people, what's the track record? What have they done? Who are they? You know what I mean? If you're suddenly a guy who has never coached anybody at a at a professional level, never fought at a professional level with good skill, I don't know what to tell you. You know what I'm trying to say? Like, &gt;&gt; you know what I mean? Like, I don't know what to tell you. Like, you know, you got to do your background check. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. find out the real information behind what these guys are doing because you know like I said if they could you get strength guys or conditioning guys coming into boxing thinking they know the sport never having learned really any even learning how to box and it's just you know I'm not saying that they can't become a trainer but they definitely need more information they can't come in there and just saying what they think is right and not what they know so &gt;&gt; I Let me answer this question right here. Shout out to the super chats. You know, the super chats get answered first once I see him. What's up, coach? Haven't spoke to you since the Crawford fight. Hope all is well. What's your breakdown of what happened in the fight? How did you score it? And how do you uh view Bud going forward? Top 20. Um, for me, the fight kind of went exactly how I predicted it. I did a prediction on it. Um, and it went exactly for the most part how I predicted it. So, as far as how the fight went is what I expected. Um, now I thought the decision was good. I thought they were giving Canelo too many too many rounds. I thought the fight was too close. I thought that when when I seen how close the fight was, I was like, "What the hell are they watching?" I thought that Crawford was clearly winning the fight. I don't think that it was as close as they were making it out to be, at least in the first half. I thought Canel would do a little bit better later in the fight. Um, but do I think that Crawford is top 20? I can't answer that right now because I would have to really see the top 20 and I can't think right now off the top of my head who would be in that top 20. So, I don't want to answer that question because I do think there's a lot of great fighters. I feel like, no disrespect to Crawford because I think Crawford's a phenomenal fighter and Eddie, you can correct me if I'm wrong. I think he's a phenomenal fighter. However, in a sense, and I hate to say this, I feel like he skipped the line a little bit like when it came to this Canelo situation. Like &gt;&gt; he was talented &gt;&gt; and obviously he couldn't get a lot of fights and he had promotional issues and we I mean I know that I know that he doesn't control all of that. People didn't want to fight him when he wanted to fight, whatever. But he went from 147, fought once at 54, and then went right for the top dog and happened to win. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's &gt;&gt; so it's like he skipped the line like &gt;&gt; I can't like give him like he's over this guy when these guys had to fight everybody to get to that position. You see what I'm trying to say, Eddie? &gt;&gt; 100%. I mean, it's just like he he was he's he skipped the line because of his resume at that at that point and him beating Spence and then moving up to 54 and then winning that fight and also the Charlo situation kind of helped this get made too. I think being that Canelo was able to go and do what he did to Jamal Charlo, I think gave him even more confidence to step in there or even his people more confidence for him to step in there and just think that he was too big, too strong for Crawford. You know what I'm saying? So, and then remember Crawford is Crawford. He was undefeated at that, you know, he's undefeated. He's what 40ome 40 wins, no loss, 41 or 42 and0. like he's the biggest name that you won't get in boxing that's close enough to warrant a huge crowd and huge payday. So yeah, he was definitely going to skip the line to the front of the front. You know what I mean? Because he was the biggest it was the biggest fight that they could think of to make in boxing at the time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, and I and I say that with the most respect I could possibly say it. You know what I mean? because I don't want to take away any of his accomplishments, but I just feel like &gt;&gt; now once we start jing him down like you know people putting him over Floyd, some people putting him over Floyd Mayweather and stuff like that and it's just like &gt;&gt; can't do that, bro. We can't do that. Like we can't take away his win. He did a fantastic job. He beat Canelo. He did the unthinkable to a lot of people. Not to me, but to a lot of people he did the unthinkable. But we still can't forget, &gt;&gt; we can't name that many people on his resume that were like the same level as a lot of good fighters out there who fought a lot of good fighters like and and that's just what it is. Like Crawford fought some names, but he didn't fight as many as somebody I mean arguably Usyk fought better names and more people than Crawford, &gt;&gt; you know. Um, and I mean, you know, so like, &gt;&gt; do we Crawford over Usyk? Like Usyk was an Olympic gold medalist. &gt;&gt; He freaking cleared out the cruiserweight division, then went ahead and went the heavyweight and won the heavyweight title and beat a couple of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great heavyweights. Like &gt;&gt; beat Tyson Fury like, you know what I'm saying? Like, so even of this era, can we even say Crawford's number one? Even though if you ask Usyk, he'll say Crawford. If you ask Biblically, these guys all got so much respect for each other. But my whole thing is just like &gt;&gt; I don't know, man. Like and and and I'm and I can't even think off the top of my head all these other great fighters from the history of our sport that's fought a lot of good fighters. That's why I can't answer that question. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's hard. It's hard to give Crawford the nod over Floyd being that Floyd's undefeated 250 and0 and he has what the most world champions I think ever that he's beat &gt;&gt; and you know the biggest names in some of the biggest names in boxing at the time. It's like you can say what you want to say about him but he has one hell of a resume regardless of when he fought who and who and when they you know what I mean? He's got a hell of a resume. It's hard to overlook that. you know, but hey man, fun fact man, as a coach, I took a loss to Crawford with Hank Lundy. So, got a chance on the other side of the ring against arguably the best, you know, fighter in the smaller weight classes like welterweight, you know, whatever. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Floyd Mayweather. I mean, we could say that, you know, &gt;&gt; since Floyd, I think Crawford deserves to get handed the torch. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's definitely &gt;&gt; took it over. &gt;&gt; He's definitely holding the torch right now as far as the test is concerned. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what I mean? So, I mean, I got I got a lot of great things to say about, you know, Crawford, but I'm just when we when we're talking like facts, &gt;&gt; we got to break down the facts. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's a fact. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yep. All right, y'all. So, listen, man. We're going live every single day for the month of November, man. We've been live for an hour and 10 minutes. I'm going to cut it right now. I'm trying to keep these lives at an hour because I'm going live every single day. I'mma be honest. This live is kind of lit. I don't want to leave. If you want me to be completely honest, I could probably talk to you guys freaking for another two hours, but um you know, at the end of the day, man, I want to stay consistent. We still got tomorrow. You got the the Luben verse Ortiz fight on Saturday. I think I'm gonna do a fight party and watch that live. You guys can see my reactions for that one tomorrow. Um, I was thinking about bringing on uh Natalie Dove tomorrow. Hoping to come here to talk about women's boxing. She's signed to Jake Paul's team. She's a woman boxer. She used to be my amateur boxer. When she was with me, she was number one in the country for freaking like six [snorts] years in a row. Then COVID happened. I stopped training amateurs. She moved around. Now she's a professional. So, she's doing really good. I might bring her on tomorrow. She said tomorrow she's open. Don't pro. I'm not gonna promise that, but I'm I think I'm gonna try to do that. And uh and that's it, man. But I definitely wanna uh keep this going. Oh, hold up. We gotta say what's up to my brother, man. My man Punch Drunk Boxing. My brother Punch Drunk Boxing. Maybe if I don't get Natalie show drunk, I need you on the show. But yeah, I'm definitely gonna go ahead and cap these lives at around an hour just so I can be consistent. Remember, no days off November, y'all. I'm going live every single day in the month of November. We got Eddie. We're doing demonstrations. We're doing We're going to do some cool stuff. We're going to show the sparring. We're going to do fight parties. We're going to do fantasy fights. We're going to do as many things as we could do over the next, you know, two, three weeks that we got with each other, y'all. So, let's not burn it out in one day. All right, y'all. I appreciate the love and support. See y'all later.