Kind: captions Language: en [Music] It's a really, really good training tool for people out there who are just learning how to box. You guys can actually follow along and do all of these combinations with Eddie, or you can pick the ones that you're able to do and just focus on those until you get better. And for even some of you advanced guys, cuz I know how it is sometimes you just lose ideas. I don't know what other combinations to throw. I did my basic combination. What else do I know? So, we went ahead and put some thought into how we can go ahead and give you as much variety as possible. And now we're going to finish with the hook upstairs. Body head combinations because if you want to land your body shots, you have to get your opponent distracted by throwing head shot. Fast and sharp. And that's it, guys. This is going to be really, really good. Really informative. Get ready. Let's [Music] go. So, and the legend grows. So, this is I'm screen sharing it. And he says his caption is this is how Spence talk. I guess he should have put this how Spence Gi talk. Hold on. This going to be how Spence talk after Danny Garcia hit him with that left hook. Three little emojis. And look, I get it. He's teasing. He's teasing. And like he said, he reposted us and the fact that we're interviewing. He said, "Look, it started off with a post and now it turns into an interview." But as you can see, and I'll show you shortly, everything from this post is about Danny and Earl. So, he's very adamant and confident about his decision uh that Danny is a live dog is what he likes to say. He's not saying Danny's going to win, but he's like to say Danny's a live dog. Now, in this post, obviously, it indicates that Danny's going to win because he says, "This is going to be how Spence talks after Danny hits him with the left hook." Three laughing out loud emojis. Let me play the audio. Oh, he's talked about how he beat you now. Yeah, he beat it. Look, I started fighting in 2015. In 2015, I started fighting 2015. He beat me in 2016. I was here fighting beat you in 2015. Arthur was in the amateur. He did. I did. That's when he had his bra. That's when he cut. No, he beat me in 20. No, I brought two. I started fighting 2015. 2017 years. He stopped fighting two years ago. I started fighting when I was 15 years old. 15. I start. Yeah. I started fighting when I was 15 years old. I was born in 1990. 2015. I was 15 years old. You beat me in 2007. Yo, let's just stop it there because look, everybody's probably seen this. And if you haven't, this is a clip that went viral of uh Earl Spence doing interviews in the Barkley Center and many insinuated that he might have been um indulging in some alcoholic beverages before the interview. They all look like they was. So, uh, you know, for for, uh, Coach Anthony, he's like, you know, he's drunk here, so he'll be punched drunk after the left hook. So, that's the first post. That one caught my attention, though. I'm like, uhoh. And I had missed these other two, right? So, we'll go back and we'll click the first two that he put. He put Danny Garcia versus Spence. Who you got? And I guess that's what led up to the video, right? cuz he's like feeling his followers out and he really gets very good retention. You see he's got 700 uh thumbs up on this. He gets good views on his videos. Here's another one with almost 1,500 thumbs up or rather likes or whatever. And he says, "Can I ask a question? Why are so many people sleeping on Danny Garcia versus Earl Spence? And why do y'all keep saying Earl is too big?" Pause. Danny hit like a Mac truck and is not the smaller guy by any means. Pause again. Not to add Earl picked up. No, Earl picked a hard fight to bounce back from after a terrible car accident. This is not a fight to sleep. And Danny, mark my words, hashtag boxing life. Uh, so he's saying don't sleep on this fight. Don't sleep on Danny. Mark his words. again sounding more and more confident that he believes Danny's going to win. So then obviously the next post is him posting about you know drunk Earl. You go next one is Floyd and uh Marquez himself. Then he posts us and he says started off as a post now it's turning into an interview this Thursday 9:30 a.m. Tune in to the boxing voice and listen to my interview about Danny versus Earl fighting life. I just want to go ahead and thank him for that because so many other people we get on here, they don't do that. That's kind of perfect. And there's been no more because he knows that no need to put it on my platform. We're going to discuss it. It'll be out there to the world today in about 18 minutes. But this is where this originated from. And and and look, I I think that the Danny Earl fight is huge. Um everybody is really looking forward to this. Like I don't think there's a bigger fight on the horizon unless you you know factor in tapimo vasile which is falling apart right we reported on that yesterday so I don't know what is what on paper like what is done that is as big or um show there you go coach ant showed up you got the unmute off yes he do he ready yeah we hear you hear you man you looking good champ you're looking good nice little office over there you got I like the setup thank you thank you What's going on, guys? Oh, man. Happy to have you, man. Ready to ready to get this thing going. I know it's going to get juicy cuz look, I I I went through your Instagram. I screen shared it to the live right now. People know what's going on. They know how you feel. And uh I think the first question that we need to ask is, is this your expert opinion as a coach or are you emotionally invested? Because you're close to that Philadelphia area. You've dealt with the Hank Lundy's and the and the and and the Tevin Farmer. So, you might have seen Danny come up. You might even work with Danny. Uh I mean, uh honestly, man, you know, let let's just be real. Um Danny Garcia is an excellent fighter, okay? He lost two times. The two times that he lost, uh they were very, very close. You can argue that he even won against, you know what I'm saying, uh against Keith Thurman in a very close fight against uh Shawn Porter. Then he went ahead and he fought um No, then then then we went ahead and we saw Errol Spence fight Shawn Porter and he did not look very impressive against Shawn Porter. And matter of fact, the night of the fight, I thought Shawn Porter might have won that fight. You know what I mean? That's just my honest opinion. And I mean, I think that even with the knockdown, the knockdown might have been what separated it, but when you really saw that fight, it didn't look like Errol Spence was a a monster the way everybody perceived him to be as soon as, you know what I'm saying, he fought Shawn. Now, granted, Shawn Porter is Shawn Porter, so I can't take nothing away from Shawn Porter, but he didn't look really physically that big or anything special, let's just say. And um then he had the terrible car accident, you know what I'm saying? Unfortunately, you know what I mean? That set him back uh you know, over a year. And now you're coming back to fight a guy like Danny Garcia. I mean, it's not an easy fight. And that's basically all I said on my post. My post was that I don't know why everybody's sleeping on Danny because what happened was when I posted it, everybody's like, "Yo, Errol going to smoke him. Era going to smoke him. Era going to stop him. error going to do this, do that. It's like, yo, hold up. We talking about Danny Garcia and we talking about a guy who hasn't fought in over a year, who just almost lost his life in a car accident and he didn't look impressive in his last fight. So, you know what I'm saying? Let's let's before we jump the gun and say that he's going to steamroll Danny Garcia, you know what I mean? Let's not sleep on Danny. And that's basically all I said. But I mean that's what you you know started off saying that. Then it led to your third post which was obviously um a a vi a viral video of Earl that you know surfaced years ago of him in the Barkley Center giving an interview where some people thought maybe he indulged in some uh alcoholic beverages. But you said that those slurred words and confusion would come from Danny's left hook. So now you flat out picking Danny to win based off that third Danny Garcia post is what I'm interpreting. Well, look, styles make fights. Styles make fights. And we know that Errol Spence has two ways he likes to fight. I mean, his last fight uh when he fought Mikey Garcia, he actually showed that he could box, right? But he also has another way that he likes to fight, which he basically became very popular with, which was being very aggressive, coming straight forward, coming right at you. And if you come straight at a guy who's a counter puncher like Danny Garcia, who can punch very well with the left hook, that can easily be the result of what happens if you get countered with that hook. I just think that what's happening is people are forgetting that Danny Garcia is a legitimate threat in the welterweight division. I believe that Danny Garcia can knock out Errol Spence with a left hook. I'm not really mistaken. I've seen Danny train in person. I've been to all his fights at the Barkley Center. I'm not personally invested with Danny Garcia. I know Danny when we speak is a salute. What's good Philadelphia, Puerto Rican, whatever. But I got no emotional ties or any investment with Danny Garcia. Personally, what I'm saying is he's a legitimate threat in the division. If you run into his left hook, he's going to knock you out. And Errol Spence, if he gets too brave and he runs up in there thinking that it's sweet, yes, he can end up talking a little bit funny the way he was talking that night when he might have consumed some alcoholic beverages. You know what I'm saying? But coach, let me jump in with this last one. You could go in. Uh, coach, the the the the boxing fans answer to that is what happened to the left hook with Porter? What happened to the left hook with Thurman? I mean, they're two different kinds of fighters. You know what I'm saying? Well, Porter might have the the style that's a little bit more similar to a to a Spence and a degree of an aggression agree degree, but he's a very difficult fight. I mean, you saw what he did to Arrow. He didn't make Errol look good either. I mean, he got caught, but Errol looked, you know, regular. If you would have, if that would have been the first time you saw Errol Spence fight, nobody would have considered him the monster that everybody considered him prior to that fight. Y'all would have been like, he's good, but I don't know how good. But before that fight, all of us, including myself, was like, damn, I don't even know if Terence Crawford could beat this guy. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, with that being said, I just think that I just think that with Danny Garcia fighting Keith Thurman is a different style and when he fought uh Shawn Porter is a different style and styles make fights. Danny could lose to both of those guys and beat Errol Spence and Errol Spence can go ahead and flip the back and beat both of those guys. It would mean absolutely nothing. It just how boxing works. Yeah. No, styles make fights. That's how the saying goes. Uh, how you doing, Coach Anthony? It's Alex. Uh, what's up? Uh, I just wanted to ask, right? Because, you know, we obviously know Earl's the bigger guy. He has the longer reach. Um, Danny, not according to Anthony. I read that post, too. He said, "Why y'all keep saying Earl the bigger guy? Danny's a big dude. He hit like a Mac truck." No, no, no. Not saying that Danny's small, but it's just, you know, just being honest. He is the bigger guy. You know what I'm saying? He's the bigger guy. He has the longer reach. And I don't know if box rank is always telling uh the truth, but it says 72 inch for for uh for Earl and Danny has 68. So to say that all that is what what does Danny have to do because he he's usually a counter puncher, you know, and and Earl is going to have that reach advantage and Earl does have a pretty pretty good jab. So what what what is does Danny really have to do in order to get around that? Well, he's going to have to he's going to have to force him into a fight a little bit. And that can happen very easily, I think, with a guy like with like a guy like Errol Spence. I think Errol Spence fights with so much emotion, so much heart, and he believes in himself so much that he's willing to get into the fire. If I was coaching Errol Spence, you know, I would tell him to box. I wouldn't advise him to go in there and do what he does to other guys. I'd say treat it kind of like the Mikey Garcia situation and let's try to get Danny to come forward a little bit. You know what I'm saying? And then we could pick him apart from the outside. I don't know how good Errol Spence is against a guy a little bit bigger to if he can maintain that for 12 rounds without getting lured into a fight. Now, if he gets lured into a fight, which when you have Orthodox verse southpaw, right, it always ha it has to turn into a fight for it to really for for for Danny to really be effective. He's going to have to turn that into a fight regardless because he's fighting a southpaw. If he try, unless he had the reach and he was able to box from the outside or if he was a slippery guy, that's a different story. But a guy like Danny has to turn that into a fight. So, I just think that you lure him into a fight and you land that big shot. And I think that uh if Danny lands that big shot, it could be uh a big surprise to the boxing world. You know what I'm saying? If he knocks him out. And I mean, I wouldn't be surprised. See, it would be a surprise to the boxing world. I wouldn't be surprised. I'd say, "Well, I told y'all." You know what I'm saying? So, but I am not by any means saying that Errol Spence ain't the real deal, the truth. I believe he's the truth. I believe that he was the truth leading up to the fight, but all I'm saying is he's coming off of a so victory and he's also coming off of a terrible car accident. I'm glad he's alive. But how's his body going to respond to those punches after a layoff like this and an accident like that, coach? So, I was asking Alex obviously cuz he's fought um and and and and when I spar, I find it super difficult to use a left hook. Like my left hand as an orthodox fighter is busy, you know, pawing at the southpaw so that he don't hook me. So, how is it that you see Danny being effective with the left hook? Not that I don't believe you, I just want to learn. I think that the left hook is an underrated tool against the southpaw. I think everybody talks about the straight cross, you know what I'm saying, being the the most dominant weapon. But honestly, in bo and when you're boxing the opposite stance, all punches apply. The jab, the cross, and the hook. I know guys that could circle to their left and utilize their jab against a southpaw very well. They keep their foot outside that foot. They pop that jab, they check hook right off of that. If you box a southpaw, one of their main weapons is a check hook. When you go against a southpaw, you throw a jab, they love to check hook and spin out to the right. Anything a southpaw does to us, we could do to them. So at the so so you know, and then and then also Danny likes to throw that right hand to the body, left hook to the head. You saw how he knocked out Rod Saer. That's another effective combination against the southpaw. And if he and if Errol Spence comes in close and tries to work the body, because we know he has a good body attack, he's going to be right there for the left hook. It's not going to be hard to find them at all. So, the left hook is a very effective punch. It's just when do you throw it and how are the bodies positioned before you throw it. All punches get applied against either stance. It's just about positioning and timing. Crazy you said that right now. The first thing I thought about was Earl Spence versus Emanuel Lardy. And Lardy actually stunned him with that punch. He went to the body and then he went up top. He was a softball, but he did it anyway. That that that's damn that's going to be effective. Uh but when you brought up Sa Danny had to hit Salka with the same combin and listen I'm a Danny fan. I just don't sound like it. I know I don't sound like it but it's because same thing with me and Errol Spence. I'm an Errol Spence fan even though right now I don't sound like it. Exactly. It's just that it's just that Danny as a welterweight. Can I see him win? Yes. But when you say knockout, I'm like, well, damn, why he ain't knock out certain other welterweights and and then you think of the SA that same combination cuz I seen you posted it. He had to hit him with the three times before he went down. He literally hit him with it three consecutive times like boom boom boom boom and then the last one bang bang my man finally went down. But but when that last one landed, but you think Earl going to wait there? But when that last one landed, we was all in fear for Rod Sa's life. You dig what I'm saying? And my thing is, my thing is Danny can Danny walks around easily 180, 190 pounds. That's why when I said when I said why do y'all keep saying he's a smaller person? He might be the shorter person. He might have the shorter reach. But he's just as, you know, big paws when you look at his body frame. You know what I'm saying? He does not, he is not by any means smaller. He just might be a little shorter and might have a little disadvantage in reach, but we can make up for that because, you know what I'm saying? You know, all it takes is for me to take away your your reach by luring you in or getting close, one or the other, you know. And like I said, Errol Arrow is going to allow that fight to go to the inside. I'm not uh I'm pretty I'm almost 100% sure that fight ends up being a firefight at some point. I mean, my man frozen over there at my screen. I don't know about y'all. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to see if he's uh coming back, man. Probably having some inner problems, but we'll continue it. Don't worry about it. Uh yeah, Earl Spence Jr. coming back. You know, my main concern, Coach Anthony, was um not even all that. You know, I'm considering it that that Earl's ready that I don't I believe that nobody in his family or his camp would let him go into a fight knowing that he's really not 100% just for the sake of money. So, I'm counting I'm counting him to be 100%. Right. My main concern was him not being able to spar at at the correct moment in in a boxer's camp. and it's going to be enough time for him to get prepared and get his timing back like you said because those are one of the concerns after the uh post post accident is is his timing back. I was more concerned more than anything with anything cerebral because you know anything not firing off the right way reaction time. So, but you know just the the love that I believe that he has in his camp wouldn't allow him just to go risk his life just for money. So, I'm going to I'm running with that. And what do you think, man? Is is it enough time for him to spar? Is it is it is it a concern? I mean, I don't know how long he's been out of the injury and if he's really a a dedicated athlete. He's been training in my opinion, but I don't know. You know what I'm saying? I'm not in I'm not part of that team. I don't know how they do things. But I think it's enough time because the fight's in the fight's in November, correct? Yeah. Yeah. He has more than enough time. You know what I'm saying? as long as he didn't fall off the wagon too far, you know what I mean? Uh, you know, he's a natural fighter, you know what I mean? The guy can fight his ass off. But, um, it also depends which Danny shows up too. You know what I'm saying? Because I feel like Danny over the years, you know what I mean, has shown a little bit of lack of dedication. Not I don't know about dedication, but like I don't know if he's as hungry as he was when he fought Amir Khan, let's just say. You know what I'm saying? I feel like maybe he's made some money and maybe now, you know what I'm saying? He still loves it, but I don't know how. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's my only question with Danny Garcia. Now, if he brings real fire, maybe he's got something to prove now. Maybe he's like, "You know what? Y'all been sleeping on me." You know what I'm saying? And he brings something to prove, we got a hell of a fight, man. I'm telling you, I don't think that Danny Garcia is somebody to take lightly for any fighter in the welterweight division. That includes if he was to rematch the two guys who beat him, that includes a Manny Pacquiao, that includes all them guys. Danny's a live dog in that division, coach. Uh, so I'm going to say the rumor, but this is coming out of Earl's mouth when he did the All the Smoke podcast or whatever it is with the with the basketball dudes. He said that he hadn't sparred yet um because he didn't get his permanent teeth put in that he just got the post right now. So he ain't gonna start sparring till September. Who's that now? Earl Spence. So So when I bring this up to other coaches and and industry people, they say, "Oh, he could just be saying that as a throwaway to to to to fool people, you know, and really he is sparring." Do you believe he is Spawn if he ain't got his permanent teeth and he got to wait to get teeth and all this stuff? Like don't you got to I mean obviously you've got to use the mouthpiece. So like if if you ain't got no teeth, can you still bite down or is it if only you you only missing a few you can still bite down? Like what's going on in that mouth? So my bad. It's a habit. So yo, I don't know man. I've never dealt with a fighter who's had no teeth. You know what I'm saying? So, I don't know, man. I don't know. Uh, who knows, man. You know, I mean, one thing I do know is that fighters don't want But but do you believe the information is real? Like, do you believe he said that because it's true or he said that to like lead us on and have us believe that he ain't working? he, you know, he doesn't seem like a guy that that I feel would need to lie about his situation, but that is a tactic that I can see being used by by a camp. Um, but I wouldn't expect them guys to be sparring, you know, any real serious sparring now anyway. I just think that it's a bit soon. And I think that right now you get your body back into shape. You start working on your strength and conditioning. You start working on your fundamentals. And then, you know, leading up to the fight, you start to pick up the sparring cuz you don't want to leave it uh all your your sparring in the gym either. So, I don't believe that he's sparring yet. I don't think that Danny Garcia is sparring yet. I think them guys are just working themselves back into shape. You know what I'm saying? Um getting their body, you know, moving again because, you know, we've been quarantined. We've been chilling. like we don't know what the hell this, you know, pandemic, what was going on two, three months ago. I think we were all in the same place where we were kind of just like, yo, let's fall back. Let's make sure this thing, you know what I'm saying, don't kill us. So, I'm sure they're just trying to get their rev, you know, their edging revved up right now. They're not worried about sparring just yet, regardless if he had teeth or not. You know what I mean? Definitely. And that makes sense. I didn't even think about it. Like, you really don't need to spar so early. Uh but he did mention in that podcast that he's already lost like 20 pounds and he's been getting the weight down. He's been treating the lockdown kind of as a uh small training camp. But we do got a few questions from the people before we let you go. The first one's coming from Ru in the 504. He says, "In your opinion, what is the most undertaught aspect of boxing?" Um the mental preparation part. I think that, you know, everybody wants to talk about skills and drills, but, you know, there's a big mental component that comes from boxing, um, that needs to be taught to fighters. You know, how to handle adversity, how to handle, um, you know, crowds that aren't going to be in your favor, how to handle the emotional aspect of it, how to deal with things when you're in the gym, injuries, how to deal with, you know, shortcomings and in fights. So I think that the mental and a lot of fighters just learn mental through experience. But I think if there was a component of training for fighters for the mental, it would help better prepare them for those things that may happen because you know those things will happen at some point. And if you're not mentally prepared, you could break. Yeah. I always say, man, that that's people really really do forget how important it is to prepare mentally, man. And I think that boxing coaches play also more of a life coach. Wouldn't you agree, Anthony? Yeah. I I think especially when you build that relationship with a fighter, you know what I mean? Like when you really start to have that click, it just becomes like a, you know, older brother or or big brother. Yeah. You you really you're really invested. You're really invested. Yeah. Once you're invested, that's it. You want to see the best for that person in and out the ring. Like all my amateurs that I work with, I work with amateurs right now. I could care less if they ever went pro, but I really care about them. You know what I'm saying? So it's like you know it becomes a it becomes a thing where you just want to guide them to make the right decisions. How many how many years you got doing this coach? Short answer. I've been uh coaching for 10 and involved with boxing for 20. If a kid walked into your gym, 308 pounds, 66, American, never fought, just played high school and like one two semesters of football, would you would you be excited because he's hungry to learn and and says he wants to box or do you just like how do you handle that situation? When I see a person come in 308 pounds. Um 66 though. 66. Okay. That's a different story. Um 20 20 years old. 20 years old. Yeah. I'm excited for sure. My goal is is he dedicated? If he's dedicated, I'm excited. No doubt about it. But he has to be dedicated. So I would have to see that through his training. Yeah. Yeah. I always tell Ness, you mean you you you you know, kids come in excited and and there's plenty of times kids come in excited, but you know, a lot of them as excited as they come in, they leave real quickly because they soon find out it's not for them. So me, I, you know, I coach too and and I like I like to get a feel for the kid, you know, or the individual and see where even if if if if we're going to click cuz sometimes people just don't click, you know, you you might be different styles of coaching. You might not click with a certain style of coaching and and so on and so on. So, it's it's really yo, like I said, man, a a lot is not said about the things that a coach has to have in mind and and do and think about before he even starts to consider, you know, full-time training to an individual. Listen, 308 lb, 66, 20 years old. I said, "Whoa, I seen a canvas, man. That's what I bring him down. As long as the dedication is there, man, you could you could slow roll that dude. by 28 he'll be a monster, you know, a monster. I agree. He That's a definitely a That's definitely what trainers are looking for. They're looking for uh a person who can physically do, you know, I mean, you know, have attributes that would help enhance what we're teaching. But it all comes down to dedication at the end of the day. I had guys that I overlooked because they weren't physically, you know, they didn't physically look the part and they ended up being the hardest workers in the gym. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, this game is like a look to deceiving type thing. You can't you can't overlook anybody and you can't over praise anybody just because of their physical attributes. For sure. We got the next one is from Killer Cows and Cali says, "How is it that you can convince us that Danny's left hook is going to do to Spence what it couldn't do to Thurman or Porter?" Well, if he lands it multiple times throughout the night. You know what I mean? At the end of the day, it's not just one hook. It's if he gets hit repeatedly with that hook and if he gets or it could be one hook. Um, I just think that if Spence gets overconfident and he tries to go in there and fight with Danny, yes, Danny can knock him out. You know what I mean? But I also feel that Spence has all the attributes and the tools to beat Danny also. So, it's a pick them fight. You know what I mean? It can go either way. Kenny says, "Do you believe Danny can make 140 again?" I don't think so. I mean, depending on how much money's on the table, I'm sure he can make it work, but I don't think that that's something that he's looking to do. And I don't think that he would probably go back that route. I doubt it. Dr. Mofongo Long Island says, "Please give us your assessment of Wilder Fury 2, inclusive of controversy or not, depending on whether you buy into any of what's alleged. And if you were Deontay Wilder's head trainer, what would you what would your approach be heading into the third fight? Appreciate your insight. Love your videos. Thanks, coach. Well, appreciate the love and support. Um, look, man, I I like Deontay Wilder, but you know, I just think that Tyson Fury to, if I'm going to be honest, is just a better fighter, better boxer, just bigger person. I just think that it's an uphill battle for Deontay Wilder. I thought that he was losing the first fight. I thought, a matter of fact, I thought he lost the first fight with the knockdowns. So, and then the second fight, we saw what happened. So, I just think for Deontay Wilder, this is a very difficult fight for him. If I was coaching Deontay Wilder, you know, there's so many things that need to get worked on with Deontay Wilder. I just don't know at this stage of this career that he can improve that much because he's been doing it successfully for so long at with with what he has. But the goal would obviously be we got to land that right hand, babe, because we already saw what happened when he landed it. So the goal would be different ways to land that right hand. Different ways we would work on different approaches, different things that we can do to land that right hand. You know what I mean? And that would probably be the whole game plan, honestly. You know, I wouldn't try to box Tyson or or run up on Tyson. It'd be just trying to land that right hand, you know. Uh, the Earthquake in Brooklyn says, "Hey, coach. Thanks for coming on the show. Over the years, it seems Danny and his team have disregarded his weakness, i.e. slow feet, low punch output, no cutting off of the ring in favor of his strengths. timing, counter punching, one-shot power. I believe his best performance was against Matise where he moved and punched. Will we see that version against Spence? Salute. 100 emoji. Salute. Um, I think that I think that if if Errol Spence presses Danny, then we can see that. See the reason he was able to do that against Matthysse because Matthysse was a come forward guy. So it bought that style out of Danny. I think that Danny knows how to box pretty well. He's a pretty successful amateur boxer. Um I think that he knows how to box. I just think that you know you know the it's just I I think that Danny can do those things and you just have to bring them out in Danny. You know what I'm saying? I think that Danny is capable of those things but they have to get bowed out in Danny. And I agree. I think that there's some things that can be improved with Danny that I believe he really has the capability to do. I'd love to work with Danny if I had the chance. You know what I'm saying? But, you know, it's like it is what it is. You know what I mean? He's been that's the problem with success. You know what I mean? I think Teddy Atlas said it once. He said the worst thing you could do is is knock a guy down in the first round with a punch because then you think you're going to get the knockdown every time. It's kind of the same thing when you're when you're winning fights a certain way. You just get into a mode where you keep doing the same thing because it's working and you don't work on your flaws and then next thing you know you're at the world championship level and it's too late. You know what I mean? All right, we have uh James Valdez uh from San Antonio, Texas. Angel and Danny make a great father-son team. We have another set of father-son teams coming against each other in team LMA versus team Topimo. Who do you got winning that fight? And why if and when that fight happens? Look, man, if I had to bet the house, I'm betting with Loma. I just think that he I I just think that he Yo, as a man that's coming in here talking about knockout from Danny who hasn't knocked out a welterweight in ages. You You ain't picking Tio by knockout after Linades put him down and Pedrasa made him look like a pepperoni face. Oh man, come on coach. Let me down right now. I'm a Later though. They got me as a resident later. I pick I picked Celo to beat him. So, I just feel like I should pick him against him every time since then. I mean, I mean, look, Lmanenko, man, he's a proven guy. I just think that Lopez has more to prove. And now, from what I'm seeing, there's a money dispute. This is his big opportunity. Like, if you really want it, go out there, take whatever they putting on the table, go ahead, knock this guy out, which you knock out. No way. No way. I mean, they they're not giving him whatever. They offering him good money. Listen. N Hold on. Hold on. Don't even help. Don't even help. Listen, you work with Tevin, so we gonna put I don't want I don't want I don't want to talk about his money. I'm not I'm not I don't want you I don't want you to talk about his money, but we got to put him in that situation. If Tevin was still the champ and he was offered a unification with more than three belts, how is he going to take what what what what Devin Haney got for a mandatory? How much How many belts does does does Tafimo Lopez have? Tapimo got one. He got one. Okay. But it's a But it's a unification. It's a unification cuz Vasil got like three. Like if it's your first title shot year, you take short money like Javvante Davis did with Pedrasa. But now you're a champ and you about to unify. When do you make money? You just keep taking short money? I don't know, champ. I mean I mean I mean listen is a there's a give or take here. There's a give or take here. I see what you're saying and I 1.2 coach. It's only 1.2 though. I I I Yeah. Listen. But if you know you could beat somebody and they're Lmanenko, you go and you beat that guy because guess what? After that, there's no denying you. Yo, you see what I'm saying? There's no denying you after that. If you do fight him, then Lmanenko goes ahead and he does something else. There's always going to be that hanging over your head. So, it's a it's a it's a it's a give or take in that situation. Lachenko. Lomachenko. They put the money on the table. You never fought Loma. Now, LMA retired. So, what? So, what that happened with that happened with uh Riddic Bow and and Lennox Lewis. And listen, LMA the one owed. Tio got his whole life ahead of him. And we talking about 1.2 2 million for the biggest fight of your life. That he's been falling out LMA for the longest though. And and and they trying to slave him with 1.2. Deon Haney made a million to do a mandatory a mandatory. Jesse Vargas. Listen to this. Listen to this. Jesse got one. Hold on. N let me ask you a question. If I say, "Yo, Ness, I you up." Oh, I'm sorry. I beat your ass or whatever. And then you like, "Yo, aunt, come to my boxing tournament on Tuesday." And I'm like, "Well, hold on. Tuesday don't work for me." Like, dog, I've been calling you out for the longest. You know what I'm saying? Like, how you going to be calling somebody out for the longest and now when the presents itself, ah, you know what, bro? Yeah. Because just cuz Just cuz I called you out, just cuz I called you out don't mean I'm gonna take a crazy offer. Yeah. I think that I think that we we we we got to just remember because we we got to understand that it is a boxing business too and and I'm pretty sure and coach I'm pretty sure bro you know it you know these guys will fight each other if it was just like yo let's go now they're going to fight each other but they got to consider all the monies and the business and everything else that's involved with boxing just you know besides just the fighting aspect of it right so when when we say that 1.2 2 million ain't enough is is is because we know that taxes and training fees and managorial fees and promoters. I'm not even factor I'm factoring in Jesse Vog is getting 1.8 to fight Thomas Delore. But I'mma fight Vasil. I'm factoring in the fact that Eddie Hearn just released the interview and he laughing saying well Luke Campbell got more than that to fight Vasil as a mandatory. Like I'm not fighting you then. Everybody else getting paid more than you. I got an actual belt. They ain't bring nothing and made more than me. I got a belt, man. And I got a fan base. I'm good. Who has TFO? And I'm not trying to be disrespectful. I'm just not a big follower of Tio Lopez. I know the city and I know he's a good fighter. Who has he fought? Richard K. Stone Cold knocked him out. Proven champ. Adorable dude. a durable dude that people question whether or not Robert Easter even beat him. Okay. Besides him, that's all you need when you only doing it in 13 fights. Ch. All right. So, when you when you cutting the line, I just think that it it might be I think this fight might be Listen, everything you guys are saying are absolutely right because like he said with the with the 1.2 and everything like that, you know what I mean? It does cut down into your bread because I know because Eddie Chambers fought I think he fought for 1.2 against uh Vladimir Klitschko and he walked away with like 300 grand or something. So, you know, I already know so I already know that that's bad. Um I think that it might be a little bit premature for Top Feimo. I just feel look if I'm from the area and I don't know everything about Tofimo Lopez, I can only imagine what the rest of the the world knows about Teimo Lopez. So this fight might just be is in the oven, but you they might be pulling it out a little too soon. So if he knows his worth and he knows that that's not enough, then you know what? Stay in that oven, cook a little, marinate a little bit more, and just wait. You know what I'm saying? Because look, when you ask me the question initially, you ask me who do I think is the better fighter. I just think that right now, Vasil, Vasili Lmanenko is a little bit more seasoned, more proven proven. And I just don't know enough about Tioimo in those deep waters yet to say he can beat a guy like Tioimo. I mean Vasil Vasil Machenko pretty much beat Gary Russell easily and I think Gary Russell is a fantastic fighter, you know. Oh, ain't you from that area? Where exactly you at? You in Jersey or you in Philly? I'm in the South Jersey part of basically Philadelphia by Cherry Hill and all that down there. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yep. So, so the Gary Russell, let's let's dive into that because I personally interviewed Russell. He talked about he was in a sauna. So, he takes away from that Lomachenko fight, you know, and if you were invested in Russell and watched him as a eight rounder on HBO, you might tend to believe like, yeah, maybe Gary did for the biggest fight of his career do the wrong thing and end up going in a sauna trying to, you know, be 100% and took something away. Do you buy the Sauna story or you just think he was outclassed? I mean, there might be some truth to it. There's always things that fighters go through that nobody talks about and you know, at the end of the day, the fans are always going to be like, "Yeah, right. Why you ain't say it before the fight?" I know fighters that went into fights with the with a fever. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, there could be some truth to that. But we know Gary Russell as a successful fighter doing what he always did. I don't know why he would have changed anything when he was so success. I could understand you're fighting a big guy, but you're a gold medalist. You're just as accomplished as him and you're a good fighter. Why are we changing up everything all of a sudden? Why we trying to reinvent the wheel? So, my thing is I think he knew what he was getting into when he fought the fight. He made decisions that were poor in camp. That's on him. He didn't look good in that fight against Vasili Lmanenko. So, that to me showed me how good Vasili Lmanenko is. And I just think that people don't want to give him the credit for a few reasons. Um, but at the end of the day, um, I mean, coach, you a coach, you got to factor in that was 126, too. Like, he's a he's in a different division now. Like, you know, you talking about fighting dudes like Devin Haney that walk around maybe 150 and getting down to 135. Tapimo also big strong dude. Vile's a 30some year old dude moving up in weight. You understand? Man, we talking about young young bloods starving to get down there to beat you up. And he moved up to division. Now he had 35. It's not He could get knocked out in this fight in my opinion. Did you see what Pedrasa did? Yo, skills pay the bills. So why he getting touched up by mediocre people? He's been touched by mediocre people. He's never but I mean but but he never really been in a situation where you other than Celo, right? Celito's for one, Celito's a hell of a fight. Put him down. Lee Nades, what's Leonad's biggest win, coach? Exactly. But h but how did most of the fight go with Leonades being a little bit successful? I mean, obviously, you know, Lachenko took over. He always frustrates. He's he's better on his feet. You know, he avoids a lot of shots. I'm getting I'm getting Do you think Almanchenko's overrated? Absolutely. Bro, think about that resume. Nicholas Walters, they went and found him in Jamaica after a year off almost. Like, nah, come on. Come back. Come back. Move up and wait. Come back and let's use your name. You know, Jason Sosa, you know, Sosa got like 15 amateur fights. Yeah, he's a he's he's a overachiever. He's He's a great guy, but like he don't got the pedigree. He don't got the He don't got the pedigree of a twotime Olympic medalist. He trains He's trained at the same camp as Tevin Farmer for a long time. Yeah. Three, but he don't got the pedigree of a Lomachenko. He don't got three gold medals. What about Rigo? Had to move up two weight classes. Puerto Rico fight. I'm pretty sure you picked Rio. Pick Rico. Everybody thought he was picking Roen. All of the sudden he's the little guy. But he was. He was always the little guy. But he was. But But that's not what you were saying leading up to that fight. No, I specifically was saying I'm picking Rigo even though he's smaller. But you know, I know what I'm getting into. But bro, to me, I didn't think he was going to do that to Rico. I just think Top Rank are excellent matchmakers. They are excellent matchmakers. Like, bro, come on. Pedrasa, look at how Pedra Yo, Pedrasa is the one really opened up my eyes, but whatever. We getting away with it. I got so many other questions. I know people I know people who are pretty big in the sport who's been to campenko and Sparlo Mano right now. They all say the same thing. Man, that guy's amazing. We seen him. We seen him, you know what I'm saying? perform. We seen him beat some big names. I, you know, he's got 300 plus amateur fights. I mean, he came in his third world title fight, won the title. I mean, or second or whatever it was. Spawn is different, man. You got winning headgear, winning gloves protecting you. Take that off and Lad dropped you. So, get in there with TIMO. He knocking you out. Get in there with young Devin Haney. Yo, these kids got 10 They're 10 years younger. Like you got to see that disadvantage in the sparring at least. I mean in the gym at least in sparring. Like if I'm 40 and I get in there with a 30-year-old, he going to put something on me. He just younger than me. Pacquiao. Manny Pacquiao. Keith Thurman. I mean look, Keith, you know Keith had two years of injuries. He was chilling. He was chilling in what is it? Nepalese or whatever. Floyd Mayweather verse the world. When you're the best, you're the best, bro. It don't even matter. Like I mean listen, Floyd did the aside thing. Look at what he did to Marquez after coming off of two years off. Brought him up, you know, just blew the weight, gave him money for the for the weight. Like, people are strategic. Daniel Jacobs blew the weight. People look, this is boxing, but it's a business, man. And you got to be strategic. Why would Vile duck Deon Haney then? Why you giving up your belt? So now you about to fight Tio, but it can't be for Undisputed because you gave up a belt. You you you franchise. I was at the convention, coach. Like he literally pet petitioned to be franchise. Canelo was bestowed that title. He's so big. They're like, "Yo, we got to get it popping with someone who could endorse it. Let's go to the Michael Jordan the box and Canelo." Boom. You the franchise. Now people know what franchise is. Vile like, "Yo, let's go to Mexico or his team rather, not him. He's a fighter. Let's go to Mexico and petition. Why we gonna fight that young dude Deon Haney? He ain't fought nobody. Why we want to fight him? He's a natural 135 pounder sucking down. There's there's a hundred million gym stories about how good this kid is in sparring. Nah, we don't need that smoke. Devin Oh, no. Deon Deon's the real deal. No doubt about it. So then why Vasil didn't fight him? Why he why he vacated his belt? I mean, probably for the same reason. You know what I'm saying? Um, your man don't want to fight Lmanenko, right? He's probably like, I'mma fight a a tough fight like this for small for small bread. Like, you know what I'm saying? He's Villi Lmanko. He has so much more to lose than a guy like Deon Haney. Deon Haney got his whole career. He can say he fought him early like Canelo when he fought Floyd. So, I can see why he'd move away from But he was his but he was his mandatory timo is negotiating. You see the difference here? Yeah. This is where the boxing business gets into play. Yeah. I see what you're saying. This is where the boxing business gets into play and everything is business. Um, but when we just eliminate the business, let's eliminate the business and talk about just skill and who's who you betting the house on on on Timo Lopez versus Lmanenko. I'm not betting let's just put the bread up. No business involved. No, I'm not betting the house, but I am picking Tio and I'm confident. Are you picking Tio because you're close to him? Because I can tell. No, I'm not. I'm not. I don't gamble. I'm not close. I don't gamble, but I'm picking Tio Fimo Lope. I got 100 push-up on demand bet with he's a bigger man with you know what I'm saying? You believe Tioimo Lopez is going to win or you just feel? No, I really do. I really do. I don't believe and I'm Honduranian coach Anthony. That's my pa. So, I know I have So, he's telling you he's biased. That's what he's saying. Well, no. No. I'm telling you. I'm telling you that I I've been on Tio since since a long time ago. Yeah. I'm bi I'm wonder if I'm biased for Danny Garcia because he's Puerto Rican and from Philly. I wonder. I'm telling you, yo. But listen, I don't have a relationship with Tio. He's been on here a few times. We've interviewed him and all that stuff, but um Look, I don't want I don't want to make it seem like I don't think he's the real deal. I just think that Lmano's more established. You know what I mean? So, if I'm going to put the money up, it's like betting on stock. I'mma bet on the stock that I know. So, let's do this. Stock I don't know like that. You dig what I'm saying? I know enough. Let me ask you these questions. This that new stock that's coming through right now. That stock that you got to invest in now and you cash out later. Ch. Yo, let me ask you this. Um, I mean, I guess this is probably a hard question to answer in your position, but like, do you perceive I I I I word it nicely better. Do you perceive Tapima to have more upside than a than a Pedrasa and a and Elon? What do you mean upside? Give me I'm trying to be nice here, man. Without I don't want to say do you think that he's better than them, but do you think that he's better than them? Oh, absolutely. From what I mean skillwise. So, that's how I'm banking it. like those those skill I haven't seen him tested though. I haven't seen him really tested though. You dig what I'm saying? I don't He has been tested, but I haven't personally seen him tested. So, but skill-wise, I think he has the better tools. I think I've seen him do better things and maybe I'm assessing things uh poorly, but I'm going off that. It's like, wait, Pedrasa is not Tophimo. Leonades is not Topimo. Gary Russell may be on the skill level or more skilled than T, but he was small. Like, and that's what I'm saying. We got to remember that LMA started at 22 or 26. He keep coming up to these other dudes that are 10 years younger than them and much bigger than. But let's move on. We got stuck on that. We got a few more questions for him. Sorry to keep you long. Info Joe in California says, "What's up, coach? What do you think about the sparring video leaked?" Oh, no, no, no. I guess he's not being specific. I thought he was going to go straight into the Javvant thing. It got me excited. He said, "What's up, coach? What do you think about sparring videos being leaked? If they're agreed upon by both fighters, that's cool. I know back in the day, what happens in the gym stays in the gym?" So, what's your stance? I mean, I'm I'm old school that way. I think if you got my word, you got my bond. You know what I'm saying? So, if you go ahead and you guys have a verbal agreement and then you break that agreement, that's kind of a show on character. Um, so I'm not cool with it, but you know, with social media being such a influence in our lives right now, you know, right away people want to take any little success and show it to the world. So, I understand the emotional side of it, but at the same time, it's like, bro, we we had the conversation, dog. Like, I don't need everything to be on in writing for our contract to stand. You know what I'm saying? I'm old school like that. So, if I say something, I'm sticking with it. So, if you break that, that's kind of, you know, foul play in my opinion. Uh, next one is from Big Casual. He says, "What up, coach? Uh, do you think that Danny Garcia can win a belt at 54?" I don't know. I think I think 54 is a little big for Danny. I think he's I think 47 is a good weight for Danny. I think Danny, if he's going to win another belt, it'll be at 47. Um, yeah. I don't really see Danny being super successful at 54. I think he should stay at 47. You know what I mean? All right. The next one's coming in from uh King Amin of Essex. That's here in Newark, New Jersey. Said, "What's up, coach? You got boots. Ray Robinson, Danny Garcia, Isaiah Wise, Tevin Farmer, JRock, and many others. Who's the best fighter from Philly and why?" Well, I mean, besides my man Tevin Farmer, you know, I'm going to say Tevin Farmer, right? You know what I'm saying? I'm biased though. But uh you know then of course we got um we got um Boots man seems to be like the best thing since sliced bread. You know what I'm saying? He just like the the guy the kid is just amazing man. Everything I see him do is like I can't wait to see him fight some top competition man. I just you know and taking nothing away from them other guys but Boots is something different man. He's special. You know what I mean? I don't I don't I just don't know. I just don't I I I just can't wait to see him actually fight somebody at that high level. I think he's ready right now. You know what I mean? Yeah, that's a question a lot of us are asking. Is he ready now? And um I mean our audience definitely lets us know that they want him in there with a with a top level guy. Uh the next one's coming in from Scott the Christian Fight fan says, "What's up, coach? God bless. I just want to say I really enjoy your instructional boxing YouTube videos. Keep up the great work. What is next for my guy Tevin Farmer? Uh, well, thank you for all of that. But, uh, Tevin Farmer just started training again, so right now he's just waiting for, you know, some business things on his end to to to to square away. Hopefully the Jojo Diaz thing, uh, for, you know, comes into play. That's really what the goal is. The goal is he wants he wants Jojo Diaz. That's all that's all we talk about. He's, you know, there was some outside things that happened before the fight. And that's the kind of stuff that I'm talking about. I'm not going to speak to Tevin's business because I know he wants to come out and talk about it. But fighters constantly go into fights with things that are bothering them, whether it's an injury, whether it's some personal stuff, whatever, and they can't talk about it leading up to the fight. You have to, you know, a lot of times it comes out after the fight, and it always sounds like an excuse. And Tevin made it very big that he didn't want to sound like he was making excuses against Jojo Diaz. So he wants to he just wants the rematch. That's all he wants. So he can go ahead and handle it that way. And and if he wins the rematch, then we'll you know, we all know what happened that night. And if he doesn't, hey, man, it is what it is. I think Jojo Diaz is a great fighter, man. I think that he was a little bit underrated going into the fight as well. So, I just think that Teman needs to take him serious and Teman can win, but we got to give credit to Jojo also because Jojo could fight. All right, next one's coming in from George in Dallas Fort Worth. He says, "If Danny knocks Spence out, will he get credit or will fans say Earl wasn't the same fighter after the crash?" Well, that's the that's the that's the that's the sad part about this fight. I can see that happening. I can see Danny winning and people saying, "Well, if this would have been two years ago, this, that, and the other." But hey man, it is what it is. That's boxing. No matter what you do in boxing, somebody gonna criticize you. You know what I'm saying? So, you just might as well get used to that early in your career and you'll be out. And I think Danny's used to being criticized. I mean, I remember when Danny used to have the cherries going down his page every single post for like 30, 40 posts. So, you know what I'm saying? I think Danny's kind of used to that. So, I just think it's not a big deal either way. Coach, man, if you can please give out your social media. Um, we do appreciate you. Uh, hate to cut you, but we did run over on Steve Cunningham. I'm sure that's one of your guys as well being around in that area. But, uh, yeah, we were scheduled to have him on next and uh, we kind of ran over. We do want to thank you obviously and we would love to get you back on, man. But it was fun. It was fun. Fun coming on. Yeah, I have a lot of fun coming on here talking with you guys, man. Um, you can follow me on Instagram, CoachAnthony, and my YouTube channel is Coachanthony Boxing. I'm constantly giving guys free techniques and tips on, you know, how to improve your boxing skills. And I have a website, coachanthonyboxing.com, where I sell premium digital downloads where I specifically break down different things about boxing. So, if you're interested in learning that, check out the website. And I thank you guys so much for your love and support. All right. All right. Well, champ, thanks again. There you have it, ladies and gentlemen. Coach Anthony, and we're going to be getting Steve Cunningham here in a few minutes. Let me uh cut out 10 for one right now. This is boxing. This is the beauty of the sport. This what makes you a pugilist. Okay. Beautiful. Keep it going. Heat. Heat. [Music]