Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hey, hey, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, Hey, hey, We are on YouTube, guys. And YouTube. I'm on Tik Tok. Tik Tok. Say what's up to YouTube. YouTube. Say what's up to Tik Tok. Say what's up to Tik Tok. YouTube. I'm doing two lives at one time, man. I'mma try to multitask here, guys. Can you guys hear me, man? Mic check. Mic check. Can you guys give me a mic check? Thumbs up on YouTube if you can hear me. I'm not using the mic for Tik Tok, but I'm using it for YouTube. Is it working? What's going on, YouTube? How's you guys? How you guys doing? Just give me a thumbs up if that mic is working. If you guys can hear me, Tik Tok, guys, I am going I am live on YouTube right now. I'm live on YouTube and I'm live on Tik Tok. Shout out to Tik Tok, man. Everybody gave me a thumbs up. All right, we got Javvante Davis fanboy in the building. We got Sean Breezy. What's good, Coach Ant? We got Kirk for real. Excuse my language, but hell yeah. What's going on? What's good, Coach? And I bought the master bundle yesterday. Let's get it. Yo, that's what's up, man. Um, I appreciate, man, everybody who's taking advantage of the Black Friday sale. Just so you guys know, today is the last day, Cyber Monday. We got bundles starting at $27. You guys can all go to the website coachanthonyboxing.com. I got bundles for beginner boxing bundle. How to, you know, make a miss, make them pay. Uh the master boxing bundle, which has everything, man. 98% off Tik Tok. I know y' don't I don't really go on here promoting on Tik Tok, but 98% off uh everything. Today's the last day, though. After today, I'm getting rid of the sale. We raising the prices up. You will never ever ever in your life see me sell my courses this cheap ever again. So if you took advantage of this uh you guys are very very intelligent man because anybody who knows I put out nothing but quality and at the end of the day the stuff that I'm giving you guys is a no-brainer. Uh let's go ahead and talk to my man Mr. Special. As long as we talk about why he has Okay. Oh okay. I see you talking to Javvante Davis. What's going on, Mr. Special feature? Big shout out to everybody, man. So, listen. Today's topic, man. Let's talk about it, man. A Johnny, what's up? Tick tocker Johnny. Say, look. I'm trying to multitask, man. I'm trying to multitask, guys. For y'all who don't know, Tik Tok, Tik Tok meet YouTube. YouTube meet Tik Tok. I am doing two two I've never done this before in my life, man. As you can tell, I'm a rookie. Um, but um, at the end of the day, guys, let's talk about some discipline today. Let's talk about discipline. Um, hold on, hold on. I got to I got to throw that up there, man. Love that master bundle, Coach. Can't believe you sold this quality of instruction so cheap. I appreciate it, man. There's no doubt about it. I know, man. I really, honestly, man, I stabbed myself in the foot and kind of sold this stuff too cheap. However, I'm not even mad about it because I'm glad that it's in the hands of people who really support me, people who really want to see uh and learn. So, at the end of the day, I'm super excited about that. But let's talk about discipline, y'all. Um, you know, we got the first of the year is coming up. The first of the year is coming up and a lot of people we got a lot of goals. Uh, everybody likes to do New Year's resolutions, whether that's for weight loss, whether that's for business, whether that's for, you know, taking boxing more serious, whether that's for, you know, being more organized. You know, first and foremost, man, I would like to know, uh, what are some of your New Year's resolutions, right? Like, I know some people out there, it's like, man, I don't do those New Year's resolutions. Let's just say you did. Hypothetically speaking, what would be your New Year's resolutions? Let me let me know in the chat, man. Let me know in the chat. I want to see what some of you guys want to do better this coming 2025. Let let's talk about that, man. Because I think it's something important to talk about, right? Because every year, every day, we should strive to be better. But at the same time, I would like to see like what are some of your goals for 2025? So, let me know what some of your goals are in the chat, guys. For me, I got a bunch of goals. You know what I mean? First and foremost, man, I I I I got to get in the best shape I've been in in a long time, man. I'm not even going to front. Like, a lot of you guys might have seen me earlier this year, I was really starting to gain some weight. It was looking bad. Now, I'm starting to lean up a little bit, but I still got some to lose. I mean, luckily, I lift weights, you know what I mean? So, I got some muscle under there, but at the same time, um, I want to lose probably like another 20 pounds, I'd say. That's one of my resolutions at, right? If I can get down to like 180, 185, like right now, I'm probably somewhere floating in that 205 mark. If I get to like 180, 80, 185, you know, get rid of my love handles and all of that and look nice and shredded, I think I'll be super super happy. I think that would be one of my my uh my goals, right? Like one of my goals that would make me extremely happy, right? Look lean like I did, you know, maybe like five years ago. Five years ago, I was pretty lean. You go back five years ago and look at some of my YouTube videos, my Instagram posts. I was real nice and leans and um and I and I wasn't just a guy who was always lean. I was a guy who's always done this. I've always went up and down with my weight. You know what I mean? You can go back and see it. Like sometimes I'm up, sometimes I'm down. But this is the longest that I've been up. Like from 2020 to 2024 is probably the longest stretch where it was just like I was just floating like like floating in that 230 lb 235. Like it was just sloppy. It was just like it's so disrespectful to a guy like myself who's a professional boxing coach, a guy who's been out here for years. And and you know what's crazy? Like a lot of boxing coaches be out of shape looking. I ain't even going to front. But I'm I'm I'm holding myself to a higher standard, you feel me? So for me, that's one of my goals. Another one of my goals uh is to post more on YouTube. I feel like YouTube this year took the back seat. As you guys can see on Tik Tok, I got a whole gym back here. You know what I mean? You guys can see on YouTube. I got a whole gym. This took up a lot of my time and energy this year. So, you know, we went ahead, we got this facility, we renovated it, uh, you know, and then a lot of my energy went into just, you know, trying to put together a nice program for the people who sign up, you know, and get the right people involved and stuff like that. And that took a lot of my energy this year. So, uh, my YouTube kind of took the back seat, but my goal is to come back to YouTube aggressively and really start really posting the way I was posting at one time. There was a time where I didn't miss any posts two to three times a week just a lot of information being given a lot of game. Uh so that's another resolution right another resolution for me is to start my online the subscription model for you guys where we're going to be giving you guys some real uh in in-depth content stuff like what you're seeing right now. But, you know, for my people who are part of the subscription base, so you guys can go ahead and learn, pick my brain, pick Eddie's brain, and any of the fighters that we bring on to help you guys, right? So, these are all like some of my personal resolutions. You know what I'm saying? Yo, coach, is the gym open now? Now, the gym ain't open right now, brother, but I'm here. I'm here. You know what I'm saying? Um, the gym ain't open. Um, so these are some of my personal resolutions. So, I want to know what you guys got, man. My man Sean Breezy said he want to perfect his boxing. He want to perfect his boxing and you know what I mean? That's what's up. I mean, honestly, that's a u that's a dope I mean, you were in a boxing you're in a boxing uh live stream, right? So, I would expect for boxing to be one of your resolutions, man. So, absolutely. You know what I mean? What's your plan, though? So, what we have to make sure what we have to make sure we do though, guys, this year, uh, who's that? Who's that? Naughty. Oh my god, I haven't seen you forever. How you doing? How you doing? How's everything? I'm not even sure who I'm talking to right now to keep it a stack. Naughty, how you doing? So, listen. Um, we have to make sure we do one thing. You know what I mean? One of the main things that we have to make sure we do is if you make a resolution this year, and if you can't see right now, I'm live on YouTube, guys. I'm live on YouTube, you know what I mean? But at the same time, I'm live on Tik Tok just trying it out. I never go live on Tik Tok. Um, but um, we got to make sure that we have a plan, y'all. We got to make sure that we don't just have a wishful thinking. So Sean Breezy, for instance, you want to perfect your boxing, but what is your plan? How do you plan on perfecting your boxing? Right? Like, so for me, I already got my plan on how I'm going to cut down the weight. I already got a plan, right? My plan is I'm going to hit a certain number of calories every day. I'm going to hit a certain number of steps. I'm going to weight train. I'mma do my boxing training, you feel me, that I do for myself, you know what I mean? Um, I'm gonna hit at least 200 grams of protein every single day, right? So, I got a plan, right? Like, what is your plan to perfect your boxing? You know what I mean? Do you have a trainer? You know what I'm saying? Are you working by yourself? Like, what are what are some of the plans that you have? You got to have these plans. You know what I mean? My man Money Stack said he going to start his own clothing brand. And that's what's up, man. Just make sure you send me something, bro. What's good, y'all? My man said, "Make sure you get that proper water intake." Yeah. So, you know, a lot of people they talk about hydration and um you know, hydration, man, you know, typically like half of your body weight is what they recommend, right? So, if you weigh 200 lb, 100 ounces of water is typically the right amount. You know what I mean? I just saw a study recently where they said that you should only drink when you're thirsty. So, there's a lot of a lot of information out there, but for me, man, I think drinking about half your water or half of your body weight, man, that's what seems to work. You know, 200 pound guy drinking 100 ounces of water, as long as you're exercising, you know what I mean, and sweating, that should be good. You know what I mean? And if you need a little bit more, you drink a little bit more. I want to level up my mitt work. I have enormous strides, but I feel like that OG level work. Yo, so you know, I'm going to come out with that midwork course. I actually have the a lot of the MIT work course already recorded. Um, but I'm going to re-record it and redo it. So, yeah, be ready for that. Man, I I kind of I kind of been bullshitting with releasing it only because I really want it to be like up to my standards of how I want it to be. You know what I mean? So, for me, um, it'll be out soon for sure. I'm working by myself. I'mma go through the courses and a few workouts I've done when I was at the gym. Yeah, man. You got to Sean. Sean, you may you may benefit from doing like a um a coaching call with me. I don't know if you're aware, but you could do a coaching call with me where I can go ahead and uh have a personal conversation with you and then from there maybe kind of guide you. That's that's a service that I do provide. You can go to the website and check it out. coachanthonyox.com. Look at the 2.0 elite program. I think that that's something that may benefit you, man. If you don't know where to begin, you know, and a lot of people who grab my courses, they buy my courses, but they don't quite know where to begin, man. They'll just buy the courses and be like, "All right, well, what do I do now?" Well, one of the main things you could do is you can actually contact me and I'll get on a coaching call with me, coaching call with you and guide you, right? So, these are things that you do have access to that I would take advantage of because I might be able to tell you one or two things that you could run with. You feel me? The best thing I can tell you guys though, man, is you don't want to wait. You do not want to wait until January 1st to get started. You don't want to wait till January 1 to get started. What you want to do is start now. Start now. You don't want to wait till January 1 to get started. Start working on the habits now. So when January 1 comes, you guys already got the ball rolling. You know what I mean? Today is what? December 2nd, right? So you already let the first slide because it was a Sunday, right? Today's Monday. Today's Monday, right? So, let's go ahead and let's start now. You know what I mean? Today, I had a pretty solid Monday, you know what I mean? I ate within my caloric range. Um, I lift weights. I got some good steps in. How many steps I get today? I'm not even happy with the steps I got in, but I got 13,000 steps, you know. It's not bad. I'd rather hit like 20, but at the end of the day, I ate well. Um, you know, and I handled a lot of business. I posted a new video on YouTube. You guys should check it out. Advanced footwork drills with DVA. That's a that's a dope uh video that we dropped today. So there you go. I'm already sticking to my script, you know what I mean? I'm going live on Tik Tok. Even though I don't never use Tik Tok, you know what I mean? So I'm trying to just, you know, incorporate some of the stuff that I'm trying to do December 1. I'm trying to do it. I mean, January 1, I'm trying to do it now. I'm trying to get into a habit now. one does. Why so many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who never box think at 25 they could start boxing and become a champion? Maybe it happened in history, but the odds are so tiny. So, yo, yes, you make a good point. You make a good point. Um, a lot of people never boxed before, want to start at 25 years old, and then they want to become a world champion or whatever. And it's very, very difficult, y'all. So, if you've never boxed before and you think you're going to become a world champion at 25 years old, it's definitely a difficult task. However, I never like to discourage anybody. I never like to tell somebody that they can't do something because at the end of the day, you don't know who's who. You feel me? One, you never know who's who. Like, you might tell somebody that they can't do it and then they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around and do it. So for me is if you tell me you want to do something, I'm always going to say go for it, brother or or whatever, you know, love, whatever you're a female, I'm going say go for it. But at the end of the day, uh just understand that it's going to come with a whole lot of sacrifice and a whole lot of commitment. And if you're not willing to put in that work, you're not going to get it. You know what I mean? You're just not going to get it. So, you know, for me, man, uh I'll never tell somebody what they can and can't do. However, what I will do is uh just let you know what you're in store for. You know what I mean? It's gonna be a it's gonna be hard work. Don't want things that could start hooping at 25. Well, it's different for the NBA, bro, because the MB uh the the NBA you you know what I'm saying? you have to get selected by the NBA and typically you got to go to high school, play high school ball and then you got to play college ball, right? Where boxing I could take a guy off the street and turn him pro. I could take a guy off the street and turn him pro, right? So for me it's like it's it's not the same. It's not the same comparison because I could take a guy anybody who's never boxed before, train him up and turn him as a professional boxer. So it's just different. You know what I mean? I I I get your point though, but you know, uh, trust me, it anything's possible though. Money stack. Shout out to Dvica. Yes, sir. Frank Martin started at 18 and look how far he came. He's not the only one. A lot of you guys forgot. I trained a fighter by the name of Tevin Farmer. Uh, he started at 19 and world he won the world title at 29. So, I mean, anything's possible. Peace, coach. How you feel about weed and training? Can you do both successfully? See, if you're asking me a question like that, right? If you're asking me a question like that, what that tells me is you're trying to ask me how you can be undisiplined and be successful at something, right? Because we all know that it takes discipline and sacrifice uh to reach your goals, right? So, let's I'm not saying you're the guy smoking, but let's just say you are. Uh, if you don't want to stop smoking for the better good of boxing, for the better good of your career, then that tells me that you're trying to be undisiplined. You know, that's what it basically tells me. You're trying to be undisiplined. You're trying to cut corners. So, for me, man, can it be done? Maybe. But why why would we do that? Why would we make this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] more difficult than it needs to be? What we need to do is eliminate as many habits as we have, as many vices as we have, so we can go ahead and be successful. You feel me? Tik Tok, man. If you guys want to go ahead and join in on this, man, I'm about to cut the Tik Tok off because my phone's about to die, but you guys can go to my YouTube channel and you guys can go ahead and uh come in and ask your questions. All right, guys. My phone's about to die, man. But peace to you guys, man. Thank you for tuning in. Yeah, my phone definitely about to die. I never go live on TikTok. That felt weird. I'm gonna be honest. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] felt weird. But um I got to go ahead and uh get used to it cuz I'm definitely trying to blow up my Tik Tok. Can you go down the list of ries and give us fight? You know what? That's That's a good live stream idea. I'm not going to do that today, but that's a definitely a dope idea. I'll probably do that soon. Yeah. I mean, a lot of guys out there, man, they, you know, they want to they want to have their cake and eat it too. And when it comes to combat sports, see the difference between the difference between combat sports and basketball and football and well maybe not say football but definitely like basketball, right? Baseball, even football. um you know those guy I mean everybody's getting tested but my thing is like in boxing um there's another dude on the other side of the ring trying to knock you the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. Let's just be honest, right? Like that's the reality of the sport. So, if you're doing things that are going to potentially make it more difficult for you to perform, like, you know, you're getting gassed out or whatnot or or, you know, whatever you, you know, it's just like we don't want any of these issues, right? So we eliminate all bad habits, you know, we try to get proper sleep, try to eat right, uh try to train right, rest right, recover right, you know, and you know, if you're smoking or whatever, that might tap into your conditioning, you feel me? And then it's just like I mean, you got some guys who may say, "Hey, man, I'll focus better with weed, man." You know, maybe. But you know, at the end of the day, man, you know, I just say eliminate all bad habits. You feel me? Coach, which ounce glove should beginners use to start hitting the bag or trading in general? I say start with 16 ounces, man. depending, you know, unless you're like a little kid or or a girl or something, but 16 ounces, man, you know, protects your hands pretty good. You know, a lot of the pros like to work out with the tens and the twelves, but uh I would start off with the 16s. Coach, any advice for a 50-year-old novice who would like to have an amateur fight in the master division? Oh, man. Just get started, man. Just like anything else, man. Maybe you're 50 years old, you have experience, life experience, which teaches you uh you know that when you want to start something new, you know, you have to be a student, you know, and you just have to be willing to be a student and go through the process. And uh even though you're 50, be patient, you know, because I know at 50 you may feel like time's running out, but there's people in the masters tournaments fighting at 60, 65 years old. So, you know, for me, I would just say be patient, be a student, and make sure you're prepared, and you could defend yourself, and then uh take it from there. Guys, don't forget, man, all my bundles that are on sale right now, they will be ending today. Today is Cyber Monday. I'm still running my Black Friday sale, man. We got make a miss, making pay bundle, how to box many range bundle. Let me go ahead and take this right off the screen, man. We got comments on the screen hiding that. Um, we got all my individual courses 27 bucks. Today will be the last time you see that 27 bucks. I promise you that. The 150 killer combo bundle. The master box and bundle 98% off. Today will be the last time you see that 197 on the screen. The beginner box and bundle 27 bucks. I mean, any of you guys out there, the defensive wizard, 27 bucks, you know what I mean? Any of you guys out there, man, who uh see this sale. I know a lot of people see me do sales every single year, and they're probably like, "Oh, yeah, Coach Ant ain't going to get rid of this sale." This is 100% the last time you're going to see this sale. You'll never see me sell anything for 27 bucks again. Um, this was literally an anomaly situation. I went super cheap. And you got to think for 27 bucks I'm selling three courses, not one, three. Beginner Boxing Bundle has build you from the ground on 1.0, 2.0, footwork drills, access to the community, and an ebook. You feel me? Easily, easily. You know what I'm saying? I was selling each one of those courses for way more than that in the past. A lot of people paid a lot more. Um, so anyway, making a long story short, man. Um, take advantage of this today. If you're watching this live stream, take advantage. It should be in the, you know, the link description in the bio. You should be able to pick your choice, you know what I mean, and grab something. [Music] Thank you for the super chat. What do you think about the Mayweather pad system? I think it's very fun. I think that uh, you know, it's definitely something that has helped fighters over the years. Fighters love it. You know what I mean? But as far as it uh uh replicating real boxing, it's definitely not that. But it's something that can help you with, you know, your reflexes, eye hand coordination, cardio. It's a lot of fun to do. You kind of run through all the different techniques that boxing has with the exception of the footwork, right? There's not a lot of footwork involved, but like the upper body movement, the combinations, uh the defense, the catch, counters, you get to run through all those things. So, you know, it's it's it's cool to do. I do it, you know what I mean? I don't do it exactly how Mayweather does it, but I've done very similar things and I know how to do the Mayweather Metwork exactly like Mayweather. I just don't do it uh anymore. I used to do it back in the day, but I just don't feel right doing their system. Um but yeah, I mean, it's it's something to do, put it that way. It's like hitting a speed bag, right? Like when you hit a speed bag, you don't fight like that, but you know, you'll still stand in one spot and go like this, right? So it's like it's just one of those things. When did the sale end and do we have access forever? The sale's about to end. Bro, today's Cyber Monday. After I cut this live off, it'll probably be on for a little bit and then after that, man, I'm taking it off. So yeah, today Cyber Monday is the very last the very last day of the sale, man. Um, I rocked out for about a week and a half before Black Friday and then today, you know what I'm saying, it's Cyber Monday, so I just decided to keep it up there. But yeah, we're getting rid of the 27 bucks. We're getting rid of the 197. You're never going to see it again. I'm not even bringing it back for Christmas. You know what I mean? None of that. Like, this is that's it. Like, it's over. So, if if it's something that you guys are interested in and you guys want to save your money, now is the time to go ahead cop up, get it now. get anything that you want from the website now. Steal it because that's basically what you're doing. You're stealing it. You know what I mean? And uh once you go ahead and you grab it, man, you own it. You know what I mean? There's there's not going to when we change to a subscriptionbased model, you own it. You don't have to worry about it. You know what I mean? That's another thing. That's another benefit. So, I'm basically rewarding the people who are acting fast right now who are like, "Yo, I'm on it. I'm going to grab it." You know what I mean? You're going to get rewarded with that. You know what I mean? Anybody who hesitates, who's on the fence, who keeps procrastinating, you know, then I'm just going to, you know, it is what it is. You'll still get a deal. Like I'm always giving deals, right? Like anybody who knows me knows I'm always giving good prices. I'm just never going to give these prices this cheap. I'm never going this cheap again. Like I've said, I'm not going to do a 90% sale ever again. And what I do, I did a 98% sale, right? But I'm This is the wording that I'm going to use now. I will never sell my stuff for this low of a price ever again in my life. Even if that means people don't buy my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't care. I'm not selling it this cheap because the stuff in there is just too high value for me to be giving it away at this price. So, take advantage, guys. Coach, I had the beginner boxing bun. I'm starting to hit the basket. Could I shoot you an email me hitting the bag? Bro, you got access to the private community Q. So, what you got to do is go into your emails, find a login for the private community, right? Let me show you guys the private community real quick for those of y'all out there who don't know what it looks like. Let me just show you something real quick. Bro, check it out. you uh share screen [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Boom. There we go. Boom. Right. So, y'all can see my screen. Y'all can see the screen, right? All right. But let me go ahead and uh take that off the screen. Boom. Right. So, Q, you'll join this right here. And as you can see, look, we got people in here showing me their their work, man hitting the the the body protector. You got my man hitting the bag right here. Right. Um, a Johnny, my man, a Johnny holding the mitts, right? Another guy hitting the bag. My man Santiago. You know what I'm saying? You got my my my champ hitting the bag. Right. So, look, man. This is where you come. This is where you post. You don't got to send me an email. Once you went ahead and grabbed the Master Box and bundle, this is it. This is where you come. So now I can see your work, right? Look, people conversating with each other. You know what I'm saying? Everybody working. You know what I mean? Like look, these are all different people. Everybody's working. You know what I mean? So this right here, man, is worth it by itself. This is worth it by itself, man. Look, I could just keep showing y'all. I could just keep showing y'all, man. This is it, right? Look, all day long, man. All day long. Right. So, people are active in here, man. Right. So, that's part that is part of the purchase, right? So, right now, I give you an example. um give you an example, right? When you go over here and you grab the master boxing bundle, you can see right there where it says right under the courses, that's the community with the ebook, right? But that's also for the beginner boxing bundle. Look, the beginner boxing bundle gives you the community and it gives you the courses and the ebook, man. So, you got it already, champ. Post that up. All you got to do is say, "Yo, Coach Anthony, man, can you take a look at this?" And I'll be more than answering you. And look, it's right on my phone, bro. Look, look at my daughter. Look at my beautiful. You'll need to unlock your iPhone first. Relax, relax, relax. iPhone be tripping. Look at my beautiful daughter. Right. So, check it out. Right now, I go right to my phone, right? You see that? Hold on. See that? It's right on my phone. I'll press that little button right there and boom, I'm in here. I'm in here. So, all that stuff I just showed you, I go right to my phone, right? So, you post the video, you tag me, that little notification button on the bottom of Facebook hits, I look at it, I see, yo, Coach Anthony, blah blah blah. Yo, let me see what my man's talking about. Let me go ahead and reply. done. You feel me? Like, nob brainer, y'all. No brainer. You see what I'm saying? Invest a little bit of money and you got that kind of access. It's really a no-brainer. 197 You get all them courses for real. 100%, bro. But you got to act now. You'll never get it for that price again. You'll never get it for that price again. One more time. Let me share the screen for y'all. Let me share the screen for y'all. Man, listen. I I like to show people better than I tell them, right? Cuz everybody out here talking. Everybody out here talking, right? But not everybody's walking. Not everybody's walking, man. A lot of people just like talking, right? So, boom. We here. We're here, man. You're inside the master boxing bundle right now. I'll build you from the ground of 1.0 2.0. Look, let's just click on the first course 1.0. Here we go. I don't got no pictures right there, though. I'm kind of mad about that. Should have the pictures, right? But let's just say we click on that. Okay. So, now we're going to go into the mirror, and this is the more advanced mirror version. So, now Eddie's going to go ahead and work his jab in this. I'm not going to go so slow with it. What I'm going to do is, you know, talk about that. Anyway, these are all the videos. These are all the videos right here. Let's just say I click on 2.0. Same idea. Same idea. I mean, that's just that's a whole another course, right? Just an advancement, right? Footwork drills. I mean, look, I'm showing y'all under the hood. I'm showing y'all under the hood, man. Look, like these are all the video. This is individual courses. Like, that's three defensive principles 101, right? We under the hood, y'all. We under the hood. Like, that's all the video. This this look that more more like All right, let's go back. How to set traps and counter punch. I mean, we could do this all day. We could do this all day. All day. We could do this all day. Right. These are just each course angles and how to create them. Like I don't know like like what else I got to show y'all like you feel me to add this is what you're getting with the private community out of box from the outside like it's all here bro it's all here right so y'all get the point I'm not going to continue to do this y'all get the point this is this is the library that you're getting right here y'all get the point man you know what I Yeah, you got to do a little bump for the for the Philly shell. Um, it's just an extra I don't know, I forget how much. It's a small little extra fee for that one since that's the most highly demanded course. It's crazy. It's such a ridiculous deal that I'll never do it again. It's such a ridiculous deal that I'll never do it again. Like, I'm happy. I'm torn because it's like I I price myself way too low, but at the same time, I'm happy because people are actually getting it. So, it's like one of those things where it's like, you know, listen, man, it's all good. Blessings come in different ways, bro. You know what I mean? So, it is what it is. I hope you guys get blessed with the information and I'll just continue to get blessed in life and it is what it is, man. But I highly suggest you guys don't sleep on this. You guys take advantage of it. I mean, I just showed y'all what I get. You know what I mean? It's it's all real. You know what I mean? I'm I'm accessible. You're dealing with a real person. Yeah. So, you got to pay uh additional for the Philly shell. Uh Taylor, I think it's I don't know how much extra it is. It's not much. It's a very small extra fee. They're going to wish later, coach, they bought that bundle. 100%, bro. 100%. Especially when they see what the price is. And I what I'll do is I'm going to up the price and probably make a few little tweaks to it and it's going to be so much more expensive and the people that are going to buy it are still going to be happy with it because it's going to just produce results. It like you know is that's the thing man like sometimes you get lucky and you pay a little bit of money for something that's worth a lot. Sometimes you pay more. Like I paid for uh this mentorship one time. It cost me $20,000. It was for online marketing. I paid $20,000. And like a year later, I saw that same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for like almost like I don't know like $3,000. Like I felt like I got robbed when I saw the price. However, I didn't get robbed because when I paid the 20,000, I made my money back. I made my money back plus some. So, it's like it is what it is. Like sometimes you spend more, other times you see it for cheaper, but like at the end of the day it's about the value that you got and then did you did you do something with it, right? So I mean timing sometimes it's all about timing. Right now is the perfect timing for anybody who wants to invest into my stuff to get it, you know, for for this price. However, it doesn't matter when you get it because if you get it later and you spend a little bit more, if you're serious about your goals, you're going to it's going to pay you back 10fold. Last year, somebody bought the Master Box and bundle for the last Black Friday and he said he's making $30,000 a month out of his gym now because of the information that he got out of it. Like, he's making money with my bundle. It's crazy. Like, he's he's he learned how to coach properly. He's not even a fighter. He's a coach. So, I mean, you know, it is what it is, man. This just it's all about how you view things, man. It's all perspective. So, right now, um you know, I just suggest that people um take advantage of the situation that I basically laid out. You know what I mean? Thank you, man. I appreciate it, coach. I bought the counter punch video and it's fire. I appreciate it, bro. Morning, bro. Morning, brother. How's everything? I hope you good. I got you. I'm about to get it. Just trying to find my wallet, man. I appreciate it, man. Thank you so much, man. Everybody who's gotten the bundle, man. Um, first and foremost, man, make sure you guys join the private community. Make sure you guys join the private community. And that's a lot of you guys who's in here already. Make sure you guys join the private community. Post the video. Say what's up. Don't be shy. I'm going to reply. I'm going to reply. Matter of fact, I'm going to make it my duty in the next two days to reply to all recent posts in the private community. So, if you're in the private community and I haven't said nothing to you in a minute, I'm going to make it my duty to just go down the line. Part of my New Year's resolution, make sure I answer everybody back in the private community. You know what I mean? So again, all I got to do is lay down, check out your work, give you my advice, and that's it, man. Facts. Facts. Yeah, 100%, bro. Coach, you know any great gyms in the Tampa, Florida area? I don't, bro. I think Antonio Tarbert got a gym out there, don't he? You might want to look into that, but other than him, I don't I don't know. I really don't know. Check it out, man. I'm going to go ahead and put this right here, man. I'm going to move to Chop It Up with somebody in here, man. Um, I'm I'm putting my StreamYard link in there, man. If you guys want to go ahead and ask me any questions, uh, right now is the time. I just put the StreamYard link and you guys can pull up in here, man. Come say what's up, bro. Don't be scared. I'm chilling with you guys for a little bit, man. I will be going live in December. Discipline December. That means you guys all got to be on top of your game. Start your New Year's resolution today. Um, I won't be going live every day, like no days off November. However, I will be going live, checking up on you guys, making sure you guys are good, holding you guys accountable, you know what I mean? And, uh, just reminding you guys, man, you know what I mean? That if we want to do this, man, being part of a community is the way to do it. Being part of a community is the way to do it. Being part of people, uh, like-minded people, you know what I'm saying? And that's what's dope about going live. I start to see the same faces every day. Well, not faces, screen names. But at the end of the day, I start seeing the same people in here every day. We catch a vibe. We talk. And then next thing you know, you are around. You are you do become the people that you're around, right? So, we're all trying to be better. Everybody's trying to get better at boxing in this community. Everybody's trying to become a better boxer, right? You know, luckily I've dedicated, you know, you guys got a guy like myself who's dedicated over two decades, two and a half decades to boxing. So, I'm going to make sure that I give you guys all the real information. I'm not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys. I'm going to tell you uh 100% the the truth. You know what I mean? One thing you guys can know when you guys come to Coach Anthony boxing, you're going to get the truth. You ain't going to get the sugarcoat cookie cutter [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're going to get the truth. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that really happens in boxing gyms, you know what I mean? The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that really works for worldclass professional fighters, you know what I mean? That I've had the opportunity to work with many of them. I've been around some of these top coaches. I've been around some of these top fighters. I see what works. You feel me? So, we're going to talk about what works. You know what I mean? Of course, there's more than one way to skin a cat. There's more than one way to do things. There's going to be another coach that does it another way. And if he's having success, man, more power to him. But one thing I'mma tell you is that you guys are going to learn real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] here with me. We're going to motivate each other. We're going to try to be better every day. We're going to stay on top of our goals. You feel me? And that's what we going to do, man. So, if you guys get inside that private community, um, you know what I mean? It'll be even better because that's what the hell I'm trying to do. I'm trying to focus on my people. 2025, that's another uh resolution of mine. I'm focusing on my people. The people who rock with me, I'm rocking with them all the way. I'm not uh, you know, looking for for people who's not part of what we doing. It's what we doing. You know what I mean? Whatever we doing, we up we up with it. You feel me? If you're not doing what we doing, you know, more power to you. But do your own thing. We going to do our thing over here. My man Taylor say he just got it. Let me go ahead and check. Taylor. All right. I see you, bro. I see a different name, but I see you. Thank you so much, man. You ready for those tax cuts, man? I hope so, man. I hope so. Weekend water sports. Yes, sir. What's up? What's up? All right, man. So, listen, guys. That's it for me, man. You guys know what time it is, man. Go to the link descriptions, man. Check out the deals. Check out the Cyber Monday deals. Uh, this is the last day you guys are going to see these prices. One day I'm going to go I mean uh one more time I'm going to go ahead and show you guys all the options that you have. You got the make and miss make and pay bundle. Defensive principles 101 and how to set traps and counter punch. We got how to box many range. How to box from the inside, how to box from the outside. We got any individual course you want for 27 bucks. We got the 150 killer combo bundle 27 bucks. Or you get the grand master. You get it all 98% off. You know what I mean? It's a no-brainer, man. If you guys want to start off with these $27 bundles, though, by all means, man, go right ahead, man. It's all good. Uh, but this will be the last time you guys see this deals. Oh, shoot. We got somebody in here, man. Mike, bro, what's up, bro? Hold on one second. I gotta cut off my Yeah. Can you hear me? Sorry. It sounds like I just lost you. Wait a second. Uh oh. I don't know what happened. Should have let me see. Maybe microphone settings. Let me see. All sides. Here we go. Yeah. There you go. Allow. Yeah, it says microphone is allowed. I don't know what's going on, bro. My bad. I had it on mute. No, you're good. You're good. Yeah. Yeah. What's up, Mike? Nothing much, man. What's up? This is our June, too. He was on one of the super chats with you. Okay. All right. So, is he he he boxes? Yeah. Yeah. He's uh he's going to the region six silver gloves uh December. Oh, okay. Yeah. December 27th. Where you guys Where you guys from? Uh Arkansas. Arkansas's. Okay. All right. Yeah, we're region two here on the east coast. Nice. Yeah. Yeah, we competed out there. We did the silver gloves on the west coast. I forgot where it was because I think we did it I think it was in Nevada like five years ago. Yeah. You know, Calvin Henderson, he uh he fights out of Northwest Arkansas. He fought uh David Moral in uh title fight, but yeah, he he fights out of that gym. He he sometimes goes to that gym, but he goes to the other one. But, uh, yeah, he's out of Straight Right in in Northwest Arkansas. So, anybody name? I like that name. That's a dope name. Straight right. I like that. He's pretty good. Yeah, he uh Jake Paul flew him out uh to Dubai to train him and then he kicked him out of his camp because he was beating him up so bad. Is that true? Is that what he said? Yeah. Well, Calvin has videos of Jake Paul bleeding on his Instagram. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You got rid of him, huh? Yeah, he's Yeah, that's the catch that's that's that's the catch. That's the catch 22, man. To uh to becoming a sparring partner, man. You know, you whoop the guy's ass, they send you home. Or if you get your ass whooped too easy, they send you home. You got to be like right in that middle where it's like, good enough, but not too good. You know what I mean? And they'll keep you the whole time. You know what I mean? Yep. Yeah. He was just uh sparring over the weekend. We went down to um Dallas and he sparred in uh uh Virgil Ortiz uh gym that I think he trains out of there sometimes. I don't think it's over in Irving. I think he just like goes down there. I don't think he lives I I heard he fought in California. I didn't see him when I was there, but he had some kids that were down there and uh he went sparred down there. But what I was going to ask you was um so I just got that course, right? I spent the 197 and then I bumped it for Oh, yeah. You got all Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You got the master bundle. Okay. Yeah, I got the whole thing. I saw I mean, dude, I've been following your pricing, bro. And like I was You said it was a steal. I'm like, I'm getting it right now because it's I don't think you're ever going to have it that cheap. No, I swear. I promise you, man. People's been calling my bluff for a long time. He's always going to drop the price. I'm going up now and I'm staying up because it's like it's too cheap, bro. Like, I'm just going crazy. But at the end of the day, I'm happy, man. You got it. You know, you're always gonna have more content. Yeah. You're always going to have other things that people are and guys like you could tell people, man, like, yo, man, you know, I grabbed it and I'm learning from it. So, you know, it's a good thing. It spreads the word, you know. Yeah. I noticed with yours what you have different about your setup because I've done some training over on uh dynamic striking and I like that you have it now where we can own them. Like that is so that's so clutch, dude. Because like sometimes, you know, you know, with the subscription courses, you might not get to certain videos. You you know what I'm saying? Or you might even forget like like sometimes I I'll have a card that I need to cancel or something and I don't even know what's on there and then it cancels the subscription. So I I love the owning it model. I think that's I mean I think there's different tiers for it, you know, but I think that was a smart move that you went to that because like soon as you said that I was like I'm I'm going to get because I've seen your courses and I've seen like you were showing how it's laid out and it's laid out like a course. That's the thing that I feel like we kind of struggle with with dynam dynamic striking because it's not laid out. It's just long videos, you know, and it's not broken down into pieces. You know what I mean? So that's the big thing that I'm wondering about is like what how to get the most out of virtual training, how to get the most out of it, you know, for him where his attention span is especially shorter, you know, and you have so much content too. It's like how do you focus on you just want to consume it all, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. So the way I suggested the way I suggested it, it's like anything in boxing, right? Like we all love the idea of like having this perfect structure of okay, we're going to do A and then we go to B and then we go to C, D, E, whatever, right? Like that's how everybody perceives it. Like kind of like a karate school system where it's the white belt and we go to the black belt. That's kind of how everybody wants to learn boxing. But sometimes, you know, especially when you got a kid like him who's already competing. How many fights does he have? He just had his first fight. So he's going to nationals already. Regionals. Regionals. Oh, regionals. Regionals. Okay. So, yeah. So, what Well, what happened was his first fight that he had, he um it's kind of a crazy situation, but I I think he's going to do well at regionals, but the first fight that he had, there was only one other kid that was at the um that was at the state level and um he was they had it scored where it was a split decision and he ended up losing, right? That was at 55 pounds. We got a call and a kid at 60 pounds just dropped out. So, he's going to be fighting with a lot of killers, you know. But, okay. That's why we've been going around and traveling and sparring more because he was just down there in Dallas with a kid that had 18 fights and a kid with seven fights and he was going toe-to-toe with him the the entire time, you know. So, I really do think that uh not so much the kid with 18 fights with the other kid. He was doing all right, but at a certain point, it's like you said, experience is so important early on. but he's 56 walkaround, so he could fight at 60. And the kid that had seven fights that he just fought, he um he was doing really well against him. Uh and he's at 62 pounds. So, you know, I think he's going to do good. It's just it seems like like I he doesn't like talk a lot. He's kind of quiet. But, uh, I think it's just the jumping around and how to stick on to like solid information because it's like, you know, stick to the fundamentals, but then you want to teach them the more advanced stuff, but they're not really ready for the more advanced stuff. You know what I mean? So, that's how old is he again? He's eight. He just turned eight. Okay. So, like for instance, this master bundle that you got is going to last you for years. I know. I know. Yeah. Right. like a lot of the stuff in there. There's stuff in there that I wouldn't be so worried about yet. However, um for him, yeah, basic fundamentals, make sure his balance is good. Make sure his punches are coming out sharp. Make sure he's rolling his head after his punches. Make sure um his form and technique on his punches are good. A lot of a lot of the coaching is that, you know, like I here at my gym, right? Like I focus so much on form and technique. Sometimes I could sit down with a person and just be working one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] technique for the whole hour and they still don't got it right. Like so, you know, form and technique takes so much time. Once they got the form and technique down and once they have their balance down, they're not falling over their feet and stuff like that, then you can start to incorporate and adding another another angle, another thing things of that nature. So, you know, uh just keep keep the the foundation under him. Don't neglect it. keep, you know, focus on the jab, the straight right hand, the hook, make sure they're coming out fluently, make sure he's he's he's rotating his body the way it needs to be rotated. Those are the most important things. And then everything else after that are just more additions and ideas that he'll expand on. And you'll learn more about him as you see him continue to grow, you know, and then continue to compete. Like, okay, he's a guy who likes to play defense a little bit more. He seems to be a little bit more aggressive. You know, he has a good left hook. You know, you know, he kind of neglects the jab or he loves the jab. Like, you start to figure these things out. Figured them out. Yeah, we've been figures and expand on the strengths. That's really all it is. And it's a case by case. Every fighter is different. Every kid is different. Different. Yeah. You know, you might see another kid, you go to one of these good, it sounds like you go to a lot of good gyms. You might see another kid do something. it might not be for him. You know what I mean? Like what's one fighter's poison for another, you know what I mean? So, you know, you have to make sure that you know your kid and know your fighter like me. I know if I'm working with a fighter, I know my fight. We can't make Floyd Mayweather fight like Mike Tyson and vice versa, right? Like, and they're both great champions in their own right, but two different styles, two different body types, two different mentalities. You know what I mean? Yeah. I need to I need to I know you were saying that Facebook group we need to upload his first fight into that group so you can give us some some analysis because he he like you said you said in this last video experience turns into ability over time like it becomes ability. So he's still trying to figure out what his abilities are. That's where he's at. And so you know I'm looking forward to getting into that course because um you know he he he has a self-belief in himself. He he doesn't have the overwhelming fear, you know. He's pretty Arjun's pretty good at uh controlling his emotions. He likes it, you know. Uh it's just getting it to go together, you know, and that's really where sparring comes in. That's really where repetition of it comes in because up here, we don't get as many kids as some of these other areas. I mean, they're they're just dogging these kids. I mean, they're I mean, they're they're they're they're taking it too, so they're not having fun, you know what I mean? And check it out. But but check it out, man. you know, um, good thing now is I have a facility here in New Jersey and for the people who were part of my private stuff and all that, I'll be giving out opportunities for you guys to fly out here, come train at my spot. I see that we got a kid like him. I mean, we're right next to Philadelphia. We're here in New Jersey. There's plenty of kids eight years old. I'll be down near I'll be near DC for the inauguration, so I'll be around. Okay. All right. So, there you go. So, I mean, um, you know, there's just there's there's all types of opportunities for him, but he's he's a baby, man. Truthfully, he's a baby. No disrespect to you, champ, but you know, when I say he's a baby, I mean he's a baby in the aspect of he's just starting his boxing journey. Like, he's literally like a one-year-old in boxing, right? So, you know, he's got so much to learn, so much time to grow. Be patient, have fun with it. I told that to a kid in my gym today. They were getting really frustrated because they couldn't uh figure out something. And I said, "Listen, have fun with this, man. Don't don't get stressed. Don't get stressed out. That's not what boxing's about. Boxing is not about getting stressed out and putting all this pressure on yourself. This is actually a place where you're supposed to have stress relief. And this is and and the fact that you don't learn something right away and you don't get good at something right away is actually a beautiful thing because it gives you a reason and something to strive for, something to work towards. Okay, I got to get better at my hook. I gotta get better at my right hand. Instead of looking at as a negative, look at it as a positive. As I get to work on my hook tomorrow, I get to work on my right hand tomorrow. Okay, this is this is a challenge for me, but this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I'm ready. I'm with it, you know? So, absolutely. You know, this that's that's the beauty to a boxing train. It teaches you life, you know what I mean? Yeah. That that's the biggest thing. I mean, whatever you decide he decides to do with this, it's about life. Boxing is a metaphor for life. So if he can learn the discipline, the habits, the all those things, whatever he ends up deciding to do in life, he's going to be successful at it. That's why I mean it's a beautiful it's a beautiful sport. It needs to be needs to really be into public schools that like that's I don't understand how they got wrestling in there and they don't got boxing at this point, you know. Probably the getting punched in the face part that that I know people Yeah. Yeah, but I mean in what I know in Cuba and stuff like that and you know they got boxing's intertwined into the society, you know what I mean? So hopefully well hopefully man with the social media age and you know guys like you and and guys like me out here pushing it and showing the positivity of it. Um you never know what the future holds, man. So we just got to keep on putting it on the limelight, you know. Where do you think we should start inside of the the bundle? Because there's gonna we're gonna open up. I know there's going to be a ton of stuff. I would I mean I would start off even I would start off, you know, with the basic stuff like the build you from the ground up just to see how go back to it. Yeah. Go back to it. Yeah. Like see where it stands and then and then after you kind of feel like, okay, well I got this. This is we he understands all this already. Then you get to start playing around with stuff, man. Go to the angles, go to the counter punch and the the defensive the defensive principles oneonone and the how to set traps and counter punch. They work uh hand in hand because you know you make a guy miss, you make him pay, right? So, I would start diving into that, you know what I mean? Really getting him into the defense part, into the counter punching part. Um, you know, so he can understand the science, you know? Yeah, for sure. Because I noticed that, too. It's like sometimes when we shift away from the fundamentals, it's like we got to we got to go back. We have to go back to the fundamentals. It's just, you know, how it is. That's how it is, bro. He he'll be working the jab, working on his balance, his straight right hand for the rest of his career. So, yeah. Sometimes I work with pros, man. I I I had an opportunity to work with some good pros and some of them I had to really break down the jab again. Like, yo, let's get back to the jab. Let's like like let's really get the most out of a jab. And I would sit there for rounds holding the mits and on the bag just watching him drill the jab. And it's like, dude, this guy's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] world champion. How is he, bro? That's that's what wins fights. Fundamentals wins fights. How did you how did you get s like in you know there's another one on YouTube I know you know probably boxing gems you ever see boxing gem he does all the film analysis dude he is you know what so after uh Raymond Ford the fighter that I trained won the world title I got a personal phone call from Timothy Bradley and uh Timothy Bradley told me that Boxing Gems was his boy and he learned who I was through Boxing Gems which is crazy I didn't know who I didn't know who Boxing Gems was at the time and I had a conversation with him, man, and we had a nice talk and stuff. So, yeah. Yeah. The uh that was Calvin actually texting me. I got to tell him to get on here sometime with you. That'd be that'd be that'd be dope. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta send him a link. But no, what I noticed about the way that you train, like I' i've w I've like I said, it's it's been there's a lot of content out there and that's why I like that I I like dynamic striking because Teddy Atlas is teaching a lot of it. And um but the thing I noticed about you when I was watching your videos is you were breaking things down so methodically like like the the double jab where you were talking about it's like pouring out a cup and then bringing it back halfway and going it. How did you how did you learn that level of precise because there like you said there are pro fighters that really don't have that level of knowledge. Um well I've been doing this for over two and a half decades. I think that's one of it. Even though I know what you're saying pros probably been some pros probably been doing it longer than me but um I don't know man. I, you know, I I uh work with a lot of beginners over the years and what I learned is that's where you really learn how to coach because when you're working with the beginners and you're working with people who aren't necessarily the most coordinated and aren't necessarily gifted for boxing, you got adapt. Um, you have to learn different ways to explain things in a way where you have to sometimes break down every single detail where like if I if I got a guy in front of me who's like, you know, like 20 30 fights in, I I demonstrated and he can copy me. So, I don't have to sit there and explain to him every nuance of it. But if I deal with a guy who can't even step properly, I have to go inside my brain and say, this guy, how do I get this guy to do some of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's natural for me? But I learned that when it comes to teaching, it takes sometimes every There's some guys though that when I approach them with this, like what you just said, method, methodically, I guess that's the word you use. um I bore them and they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like they start to like doze off and look the other way and it's like I gotta just like get to the point with them and then there's others whereas like I got to break it down like that, you know? And then it's just like so what I love about content, what I love about coaching on online as opposed to in person is I can explain it as deeply as I want to and then put it out there and then they can take it for however they want, how they want to take it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, this stuff is amazing. This stuff is I mean, you know who you need to do a you need to you need to do that soon as possible and you need to figure out how to if you know him or I'm sure you probably have someone in the circle or you might know him. You need to make a video training video with Teddy Atlas. Straight up. Straight up, dude. Like I mean I mean you know a guy like Teddy Alice, man, I you know I respect Teddy. He's been around for so long. Um, and he actually showed me love uh when uh Raymond won the world title, too. I actually posted on my Instagram, but um I don't know, man. As like, you know, sometimes I sometimes I say to myself, would these guys even want to, you know, they would because he's been doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so much longer than me, he might be like, "Get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here." You think you are? You know what I'm saying? No. I've watched enough of his videos and his training and we're like we're doing one right now on the psychology of fear. He he is he's cuss dripping out of him. You know what I'm saying? Like he he he's fil his his philosophy of fighting is so um deep that you know he he might not even be as knowledgeable tactic-wise. He is, but he it's really his philosophy that's behind it that makes him fantastic. I think that Teddy I think Teddy Atlas uh I think Teddy Atlas um does a phenomenal job at just he just knows boxing man. He really does. Um I think stylistically me and him are very different. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Like he's more of a like, you know, he has more of that peekaboo. Yeah. you know, the style that custom model obviously passed down to him, but his his way of uh his his brain process and the things that he says and every basically everything you're saying, I never disagree with him. Like nine times out of 10 when I listen to him speak on like when he's commentating, I'm like, "Yeah, I agree." You know what I mean? I agree. So maybe there might have been a few times. I can't remember. But yeah, I think Teddy's great, man. Um you know, he's one of the pioneers of this, you know what I mean? to to guys like me. So, shout out to Tim, you know what I mean? Shout out to Ted. Yeah. The thing I like too about what he does is he um he he he breaks things down into the dumbest, simplest form. Like you were saying, it's the same thing. Like he does like he'll have different sayings, which I'll write them down if I'm watching videos, which I'm going to probably end up doing to your videos, too. So, I need to get your email so if I have any of that written content, I can just send it to you and you can use it and do whatever you want with it. You know, that's how I I think I break things down into writing. But he'll have things like, "Don't look over the fence." You know, you probably heard that one, right? Like your chin up. Don't look over the fence. You know, take a picture, you know? And it's like he has a lot of onelin his oneliners are crazy. Yeah. That's what's crazy about I don't know how your course is set up, but that's what's crazy about how learning management systems are set up nowadays where someone like you can create the content and they can have written content, they could have videos, they could have all these different things at everyone's fingertips. You know what I mean? And and the problem is a a lot of people can't weed through the fluff of like who's a good trainer and who's not. I could tell you're a good trainer because number one, you're always doing it. you're always on here live streams you pop up, you know, but uh you're also your content that I've seen is really really on point. It's just it's broken down to the ridiculous. You know what I mean? It's just simple simple. Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate it. And I just think that you know guys like you who are smart enough to invest into yourself and to your son and and invest into something that you want to learn. Like right now we're in an opportunity now where it's like look look what we're doing bro. You were having a conversation. You're on your couch. Yeah. Yeah. You're talking to me, right? Like, y, you know, I'm a little bit older. I'm probably I'm probably a couple I'm probably a little bit older than you. Um, and I look at it like I remember not too long ago, like literally like 2005, 2006, 2007. Like, this was not a long time ago. At least not to me because I was already an adult deck. Right. And it's like we couldn't do we couldn't do this. No, you had to hit the dial up and wait for the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to dial up. Yeah, if there was a coach that I liked online and I wanted to pick his brain, I couldn't do it. I had to know him. I had to That's what's that's what's And I really think this and the way information is spreading, I think it's going to revive the sport of boxing to a degree that we've probably never seen before. I I I really do because information is so abundant now and people can reach out and talk to their to their mentors and they could talk to people that it's crazy. I mean it's it's it's and then now all these fighters are getting access to this getting access to these tools. Like I was telling one of the kids at at my gym about online training and I I was telling the coach about it too and I'm like we need to bring a TV. They were like we got one in the back. I'm like let's bring it out. Let's watch some stuff on TV. You know what I mean? A highprofile fighter man. I'm not going to say his name just out of privacy, but a high-profile fighter who hit me up and said, "Yo, I learned so much from you on YouTube and I want to come work with you." And this guy fought you you would know exactly who he is if I said you his name. And it's just crazy to me because you don't know who's watching, right? Like, you just don't know like, you know, and a lot of these fighters, they're fans of this type of uh online coaching. They just don't speak on it publicly. You know what I mean? They'll be watching guys, all the coaches that teach online and they'll pick and choose who their favorite coaches are. You know what I mean? And I know it's true because as a competitor myself, I was watching a lot of guys like that coming up back in the day when they had the DVDs and stuff like that. And I used to, you know, want to watch the Freddy Roach DVDs and all those things, man. Like I would just be like excited to learn. So Russ Amber back in the day, the guy who owns Rival, he had some good instructionals back in the day. So, you know, it's just it's just man, now it's even more people doing it. You know what I mean? The problem though is you got to be able to differentiate because like you said, there's a lot of good coaches, but then there's a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ones. And there's a lot of coaches out there right now who they learn something for like, you know, a couple of months to a year and then they're already they're monetizing. It's like, dude, you don't even know how to do it right. You don't even explain it right, bro. Like, stop. There's the amateurs up. So, you have to have to do your background checks on guys. You know what I mean? For sure. Yeah. Well, I'm going to tell everybody that's listening to this right now, go and buy the course. Go and buy it. It is I I'm telling you, I'm I looked at it like six month. That's you know, and it's not even It's not even that the pricing I probably would have bought one of them before long. It's just I had these other ones, but when you put it for$1.97 and then I got the $45. Dude, that how much time did you put into it to make the videos, to hire the people to cut the videos, to put it on, you know, the site, to format it, blah blah blah blah, and then you're going to add in more content probably over time. So, it's it's a value exchange. 250 bucks for a lifetime of not, you know, maybe not getting hit in the face or winning championships or whatever it is. You know what I mean? Like it's or just the lessons that you're going to learn by being disciplined enough to go through an online course. So everybody in here, buy it right now before he cuts off. And I'm this isn't a paid endorsement. I'm just telling you, buy it right now because after this, he's going to drop he's going to raise the price up and then you're gonna be paying 200, 300 per course, you know, and you still get the value from it, but why not grab them all right now? You know what I mean? Yeah, I'm saying it all month, man. And honestly, bro, it's 100% facts. This will get raised as soon as soon as I get off of here, I'll be on with my team saying, "All right, man. Start switching stuff around." So, however long that takes, people have the opportunity. How much were they a piece? They were what? How much was each one a piece? Like each piece meal or each course? Yeah. Before Oh, each Oh, I've I've sold those courses each. I've sold them all each for over $300 each. Yeah, it makes sense. I mean, that seems like a fair price point for what's in them, you know? Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, you know, like Cardone, Grant Cardone, like me. So, I run a roofing company out here, right? Anybody in Northwest Arkansas needs a roof. Luck roofing's got you. That's my company, right? So, I invested in Cardone University back when it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like he was just Robin. Like, I mean, he wasn't robbing, but it was he's still getting the value. It was just expensive. You'd have to buy $1,000 per quarter of the program and then $1,000 for another of the program. And some of them had overlaps of the programs. And you know, if you wanted the whole thing, it'd be $5,000 for a year. For a year. Then you know, now you know, he changed up his business model. He got in all the multif family. It's like $99 for the 7-day free trial. I'm like, bro, but if I hadn't paid that money then, I wouldn't have took it as seriously. You know what I'm saying? And that's what made that's what helped me start my business. It's like you said, you invested into that and it was a 100x probably return on it. You know what I mean? now you're just trying to figure out how to not pay taxes, right? So, you know what I mean? Like it's at that point, right? But that's how investing in yourself, it just goes such a long way. Like if you're if you're serious about this enough to where you're showing up every day and you're going to a gym and you have a coach that you you know might be a good coach, but he might not have all the answers, invest in a program and you're going to take it way more seriously because you're spending your own money just like you're spending your gas, just like you're buying the gloves, just like you're that information is worth it. And when you're online and you're on the YouTube version, that's the welfare version. The paid version is the actual, you know, meal that you're going to get and it's worth having because you're going to take it more serious, you know? So% it's just the truth. It's the fundamental truth about it. Truly is, man. And it's for all areas of life. Any area you want to improve, man, I always encourage people, you know, find a mentor, find somebody you can learn from. And now you don't need to know these people personally, you know, so it's it's a no-brainer, bro. So yeah, Mike, thank you so much, bro, for your Thank you for your support and thank you for your endorsement even though this is my paid endorsement. I just bought the program because I saw it come up in here and I jumped in here because I'm I just, you know, want to want to say I'm going to be training on it. I'm about I'm about to put him on the team. I need him, man. I might I might need a sales rep, man. I'll pay you a good commission, man, bro. Yeah, dude. I'll go and sell this to gyms around the country, bro. that people that's what I don't understand is why gyms it's a no-brainer. It doesn't even make sense why gyms don't have digital programs that either they're consuming or they're partnering with someone like you so they can offer it to their clients because when you're not around the people, that's another way to have homework to be studied to stay interested and stay into the into the fight, you know? And and it's it's so easy nowadays, you know what I mean? I don't know if yours has the functionality to check uh progress in it, but that's that's a big one, too. I've always noticed with like online learning management systems, you know, that having to wait to like check a report card and check usage stats is just key. You know what I mean? So, that's why that's why I don't know if you remember Cardone, he was on BT Light, but that that stuff was so expensive with Brad Lee, you know, and then but that's a big thing, too. But even the way you had it set up, I just saw on there, like it's organized. It's very organized. So that's that's a good learning management system. Yeah, man. Thank you, bro. All right, Mike. Well, I'm about to get out of here, but I appreciate you, bro. Damn, you definitely uh guys, listen to Mike. I appreciate listen, but do me a favor. Please. Uh do do you have Matter of fact, take shoot me a text now. Yeah. Right here. This is the number. It is the number that I give out and just let me know it's you and I'll definitely reply to you. 215-79-5437. Okay. Shoot me a text now so I can know it's you. Yeah, I got you. And I'll shoot you a text right back. Oh, nice. Oh, dude, you got an autoresponder going. That's badass, dude. You got you figured this stuff out, didn't you? All right, cool. Did you send it? Yep. Yeah, I got an autoresponder back from it. Yeah, that's cool. Hey, what's up, good champ? First message automation to get you set up. Make sure you click the link add. Yeah, set it up first and then go through. Then go through and then shoot me another Awesome, man. Yeah, I got you, dude. I got you. All right. Yeah, man. And then um what we'll do is man, I want you to post your son in the private community. I will. You should have got all that. You should have got all that link information as well. And then we'll and then we'll be in touch, bro. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And I'll let you know, too, if we have any questions on on the course, man. I appreciate you all. Yeah. Anything you need, bro, I'm here, man. Just let me know. Thank you for offering it to make to make make it possible for us to get the whole thing for the price because that that that was clutch, dude. So, I I appreciate that and the amount of work you put into it, too, because I know be a lot in there. So, thank you, man. I'm very grateful. All right, bro. Thank you, Mike. Take care, bro. That was a dope conversation, man. That was super dope, man. I swear, man, that was not an actor. That was an actual person. Um, he just pulled up in here, had a nice conversation with me, man. Uh, and, uh, definitely uh, you know, showing the appreciation for what we're doing here, man. So, guys, listen, I'm about to get out of here, man. If you guys want to go ahead and grab it, the the deal is still up. It'll be up until I have my team take everything down. So, you guys got a little bit of time, but not much more time to go ahead and get this stuff at basically a steal. I want to say thank you. If you guys want my number, 215795437 and I will be going live throughout December. Stay disciplined, man. Stay on top of your goals. Start your new year resolution now. Do not wait. All right, I'm starting mines right now as you guys can see. And uh have a good night. Peace.