Kind: captions Language: en Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; What up? What up? What's going on, guys? How you doing? I got none other than the one and only Eddie Chambers in the building. Eddie, what up, bro? &gt;&gt; Uh, [clears throat] nothing too much, bro. How about you? You good? Everything right? Good, bro. So, yo, yesterday we had a crazy fight yesterday, man. Did not go as I expected. Uh, Erikson Luben versus uh Virgil Ortiz. Bro, what you what was your thoughts on that fight, man? &gt;&gt; Well, um, I got a lot of respect for Ericson Luben, man. His ability is is is crazy. He's his ceiling was high, but it's like for whatever reason, it's like I said, man, it's like he can't get over the hump. He [clears throat] just can't get over that that to the he can't just he can't graduate up into that A class, elite, upper echelon level. For some reason, he's just like his ability is there. You know what I mean? The skill level is there. It's just maybe I guess I don't know if it's nerves, if it's if it's pressure that he's having a hard time taking because he just didn't like you said he looked flat. [clears throat] He look like he just didn't have it like he wasn't with it. And uh also the Yeah, like you said about the Sebastian Fondor fight, that was a big that was a lot of punishment. It was a back and forth fight. It was nasty, but it was it was exciting, but it could take a lot out of them. you know, some of these fights these guys have. It's one fight, but it really takes men like four or five fights out of them. So, um I don't know, there could be a couple a few different things that caused it. But, [clears throat] you know, I think the main thing was uh was Ortiz. He's the one who caused caused the bad performance. I think he was in there. He looked sharp. He looked ready to ready to take his soul, you know what I mean? Ready to take him out. And uh it's just what he did. Now, let me ask you this question, bro. And this is kind of like a personal question. I don't, you know, mean to ask it, but I gotta ask it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Knocked out once in your career, right? &gt;&gt; Ah, you got to bring that up. Segment. &gt;&gt; I want to ask because obviously you got the experience. Do you notice something different in yourself after a loss like that? Like, like because you know, like a lot of times you see these fighters lose, right? They get knocked out. And when you talk to them the next time, they're super confident as if the knockout never happened. And then they go in there and then they can't perform and then you're like you're wondering if [clears throat] just said a a tough fight or a knockout can take two or three maybe four fights out of you. Do you [clears throat] lost something after you got stopped that one fight? Do you feel like coming back into boxing, you're like, "Damn, my body don't feel the same." Or when you got hit in sparring, something felt different or like what is it from a fighter's perspective of somebody who's been, you know, hurt in that in that regard? Like what do you think? Do you like talk to me from you know what I mean? Because obviously the science may say one thing, but you might you don't notice it as the fighter and you just don't realize till you get in the ring. Which one is it? Uh, for me, I didn't notice it [snorts] because I don't I don't think it was there for me. I didn't take a lot of punishment. A lot of these guys like Luben been knocked out multiple times. [snorts] Um, [clears throat] me and now granted, he came back and won fights after it and he's been down before and got up and won, I think. So, you know, his his situation is a little different from mine. I've never been down until that point. Neither have I been down after nor [clears throat] has I feel like my skills have been eroded or anything like that because I didn't I don't take a lot of punishment. Guys like Luben has taken a good fair amount of punishment whether he's come back from it well the first couple of times. I mean eventually what goes up must come down. And I think you know with me I took time off in between when I had my only knockout loss [clears throat] which came in the 12th round against Vladimir Klitschko. I took about six to eight months off of contact period. I didn't even get [clears throat] I didn't even have any sparring. I might have went in the gym and worked out but it was no sparring. No contact. No damage. I completely got away from it. My mental wasn't even right really after too because everything that I did just didn't feel as good because I knew that happened. Even the money, the money was cool, having money and all that and being able to do what I wanted and having time and myself and all that crap. But the reality of it is I wanted to I wanted that win. I wanted what he had and I couldn't get it. So emotionally and and mentally and things like that, it wasn't right. But my motor skills, my everything, even when I went to the hospital after, everything was pretty good. The hematoma wasn't much. The lasting effects wasn't there. Like I said, I also took the time like I'm like you're supposed to take if you get even a slight concussion, you're not supposed to be back in the next week. You understand what I'm saying? And I did that. So, I had one of my best performances after that fight with Tomasami. And I was ascending even after that even even after I had a bad performance after Tomas with the South African uh Msunu and I went to the UK it started to come back up again. So I didn't have the effects like I said I didn't take the punishment either. So for me, I don't I I don't really know from that perspective. Like I I mean &gt;&gt; never felt nothing weird like when you started sparring again like you get hit like whoa this shot usually don't hurt me but for some reason this shot is bothering me more than it used to prior to this to the stoppage. Like you didn't feel none of that. It was just like everything was back to regular protocol. &gt;&gt; I gotta be honest, man. For me and like I said, I haven't taken a lot of punishment. That was one shot. Don't get me wrong. got hit got hit with another big shot early in the fight and you know there was probably shots that landed grazing and couple shots that landed as as the fight went on but I wasn't getting hit much even in that fight let alone in most of the other fights in my career there's been times even in spawn where I felt shots that kind of shook me maybe buzzed me got a little respect from me a little bit but um it hasn't been anything consistent you understand what I'm saying so for me I've been fortunate to not take that punishment, be in those kind of situations uh for me to even be able to tell you. Like right now from my only knockout loss, like I said, I took eight months basically off from any sparring, six to eight months and from any sparring or anything like that. My next fight was 11 months after. It was almost a complete year after and I fought Derek Rossy and stopped him or no, I fought Derrick Rossy and went to decision with him even though I pretty much controlled the entire fight. But uh other than that, I haven't I honestly didn't know any real didn't feel really anything that what I could I could point to that was a issue uh stemming from that fight. So, I mean, but that's because of protocol things I did. I didn't I didn't like I said, I didn't go back in the ring for a while after and took my time. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Yeah. Okay. Because you know, you just see it, man. It just seems like once guys get knocked out once they have like a it seems like it's easier for them to get knocked out a second time. And then it's like people typically try to say like you know something happens to your brain when you get knocked out. And I don't know how true that is. You know what I mean? I don't know if there's any science. &gt;&gt; I think it's true. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know if there's any science back in it or like some it's almost like you know what I mean. You know like it's I forget what they say but it's just like you know it just something happens to you. I don't know if it's a neur neurological thing or or maybe you're just not as confident because you got knocked out before and now you're a little bit gunshy trigger shy &gt;&gt; and then you're because you know what's the irony of boxing and this is what's crazy. It's like you go into a ring nervous to get hurt. &gt;&gt; And if you let those like that's when you actually get hurt when you like when you when you go in there a little bit tentative or if you go in there and you're a little bit just that slight doubt. That's all it takes for it to put you in a position where now you're getting hurt. But when you go into it, you could still be nervous but a but more of a confident nervous where it's like I'm not letting you hit me. You're almost like a cat. &gt;&gt; That's right. you know, that's when things seem to not happen as bad as it could. It's like, so it's almost like we're oxymorons where it's like, you know, you go into it uh scared and then you you're actually inviting the problems by acting that way. And I kind of I kind of felt like that about Luben yesterday in the first round. Y &gt;&gt; when I seen him, I was like, yo, something don't look right. And if you watch my live stream yesterday, I picked Luben to win more so because I'm a supporter of him. Deep down in my heart, I kind of felt like everything was stacked against him, right? But &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; when I seen his approach, I was like, "Oh no, I don't like this." And I didn't like how he to the ropes. Usually when we get a guy when we get to the ropes, we try to tell a guy to drop, slide in, tie him up or or drop and turn off the ropes or he was just going to the ropes like this. And it was just like this isn't like a guy who, you know, knows how to fight the way we know he can. He's not performing the way we know he can perform, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah, I agree 100%. He, like you said, he looked flat. He looked he looked defeated before you know it even happened. You know what I mean? He was putting himself in position to be knocked out. And there there's there's people I mean yo would they would ask like yo did this dude take some money you know what I mean just because of the way he was behaving. But I just think, you know, maybe the nerves along with the pressure, expectations, and you know, even people that supported him because a lot of times you, like I said, the pressure, it's not pressure when everybody expects you to lose. It's pressure when you got people expecting you to perform and win. So, I think with him, the fight, don't get me wrong, everybody felt Ortiz was going to win and all, even myself, even though I really respect Luben's ability and I really like him as a fighter, but I still knew I still felt like Ortiz would win and that but even that respect that like, oh yeah, Luben Luben could take him long. Luben could make him, you know, make him work. You know what I'm saying? in and to see that that didn't even happen kind of looks like it could have been a little bit of pressure, a little bit of, you know, a little bit of the damage, a little bit of everything just affected it and a lot of Ortiz. So, you know, it was a good it was it was a good performance by him. You can't take nothing away from him. U maybe wasn't the greatest luben, but he dispatched the if it's not the greatest luben, he went in there and dispatched him like he like he was supposed to in the fashion that he was supposed to. So, I mean there it looks good. The future does for Ortiz except if he actually does get into boots in my opinion. &gt;&gt; Hey, let's talk about that, man. Obviously, man, you got Boots stepped into the ring yesterday after the fight. Um, obviously trying to sell the fight. Do you think that that fight's actually gonna happen? Like because we've seen this time and time again where guys go into the ring, they do all the talking, they act like the fight's going to happen and then come time to sign the contract, there's always some sort of a business negotiation that falls through. Do you think that this fight's actually going to happen? Because Oscar De La Hoya kind of said it. He was like, "It's going to be really hard to make this fight now after what we just saw." And he was basically alluding to the business agreements that he feels is going to be the issue um between him and Eddie Hearns. It's Boot's team and Virgil's team obviously, but it's like, what do you think? You think that fight's gonna happen next? &gt;&gt; I think I think it's it's got to happen eventually, man. I think these are the leaders of the new school. You know what I'm saying? These are the guys that are going to be running the sport from this perspective or at least these weight these lower weights like well the middleweights, you know what I mean? Anywhere from 47 to middle. I think these are the guys that you're going to see running the game up, you know, for the next, I don't know, maybe five to 10 years. So, I think these these guys have to and need to fight soon. We don't want it to be a situation where they're kind of in and around each other and they don't fight until it's kind of too late. Honestly, maybe even not too late, but just like nobody's as interested because right now this is probably the biggest fight that can be made with some young upandcoming real champions. You know what I'm saying? This is probably the most interesting one I could think of. You know what I mean? Beside like if you got Tank and Shakur, you know, some of those kind of things, you know, those kind of fights going. But I think this one is a is a pretty big interesting kind of fight that needs to be brought up before it becomes, you know, out of fashion. You know what I'm saying? Because, you know, you know how boxing is, man. So, what have you done for me lately, sport? And if this fight don't happen soon and they start going in other directions and it's just gonna be like, well, whatever the hell, we ain't really worried about it no more. It's almost like the Floyd Pacquiao fight when that happened. It broke records and everything. It was it was it was watched. It was well well watched and everything, but it still wasn't the some of the luster that it would have had if it happened earlier was kind of gone. So even though fans tuned in because it was the two biggest names in boxing at the time, it still kind of wasn't what it could have been, you know, with then having Pacquiao being knocked out by Marquez and and all that before it happened, it kind of like kind of ruined it a little bit. Not totally because it still was big, but it just didn't, you know, it just wasn't the same. You know what I mean? And you don't want this kind of fight to end up the same way. You know what I mean? We got the chance to see Crawford go in there with Canelo, which is great. But um I think this one with two young upand cominging guys, this really can especially this can be a really exciting fight too. So I'm looking forward to it if it does happen and I think it should. &gt;&gt; Now I know you I know you are high on boots as I think a lot of a lot of us are here in this area. We we've been watching the gym. &gt;&gt; We've been seeing what he's able to do. you sparred boots personally, so you know what he can do as a fighter himself. &gt;&gt; But what do you think is the issue with him not fight? Like a lot of people like for instance Devin Haney and him were supposed to fight and he wanted Haney to come up to 54 instead of fighting at 47. This is what I'm hearing online. I don't know how true it is, but it just seems like there's been a lot of loops and bounds for Dr. Andis to get fights. And as good as he is, I mean, I haven't seen a talented guy like this in a very long time. &gt;&gt; I don't see why it seems as if it seems as if he's not like they're almost like ducking fights. And I just don't understand if this is the facts. I don't know what's going on, but from from a fans perspective, it's like why isn't Boots getting quality names at this point? I mean, he's almost got 40 professional fights. He could fight his ass off. Everybody knows he could fight. There's no doubt about it, but he has no top 10 guys. He has nobody who's really like I mean, I don't know if this last guy was quote unquote top 10, but come on, let's be real. Never heard of him a day in our lives. What is the deal? &gt;&gt; I think I think to be honest, it's not I don't I don't I think he's willing to fight just about anybody out there, and most of the fighters are. I think they're just trying to get the the most bang for their buck and trying to get the biggest fight they could possibly get. You know what I mean? Uh and you know with the whole Haney thing, you know, wanting him to come up to 54 is a little crazy because you know he hasn't even, you know, completely taken over 40 or been comfortable at that weight. To then come up to 54 is a little strange, a little heavy for him. And I just don't I don't think that's a good matchup in my opinion with Boots's ability and his power and size and all that and Haney not being a real puncher. I don't think it's a good fight for him anyway. But um I just think that when people look at the opportunity to fight Boots V and and and they look at maybe some other guys that might not be as tough, as dangerous, they say and and and look at his popularity. Like Bruce is not he's popular, you know, in boxing fans and in a boxing perspective like fighters, you know, uh the real educated fan, but when it comes to the Lelay fan, the fan doesn't really care to watch all the fights. Even some people that used to watch it heavy, but they don't watch it much no more. They don't really know him. You know what I'm saying? So getting like ticket sales and all that and selling out arenas and all that stuff that outside of the local area, it ain't going to really be easy with a guy like Bruce. So So if we got like a like a like a big name like Earl Spence to get in there. You think Earl Spence like gonna come back, get a little warm-up fight and then fight Boots? Like come on. That ass kicking you might get with Boots making, you know, after a warm-up fight is going to be like, is it really worth it? Is the money gonna make make sense? No. You know what I mean? And after after what he went through with Terence Crawford and dealing with the weights and then gonna go right in there with Boots on his next on his next big fight. No. You know what I mean? A lot of these guys was like, I'm just not going to do that. You know what I mean? That's why I feel like this Ortiz fight needs to be made, need to be uh uh really brought to the to the forefront because I don't know how many fights this kid is going to get unless he's undisputed. And you know what I mean? He's he's the biggest draw in boxing cuz you know if if I'm if I'm one of these other fighters out of these guys, you know, other than maybe Ortiz, I'm not trying to get that. I don't I mean, we you know, they don't for for the amount of money they're going to earn from it. You know what I mean? Especially if they're not a popular fighter, they're I'm I'm going to jump in with boots. Why let me go in there with somebody who ain't going to knock me out as as bad and put me through that much pain, you know what I mean? And got and don't really give me much of an opportunity to land. I mean, nah, I'm going to go in there with somebody else that's more popular but less dangerous. You understand what I'm saying? From a business perspective, that makes more sense. And that's that's why I think that he's having a hard time. The unification is going to be tough, too. You know what I mean? Dudes will just say, "You know what? I just go up go up a weight class or I just I'll just lose that belt." &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? Fight somebody else. &gt;&gt; Don't you think if he was taking some Well, but yeah. But but but it seems like guy it's not the guys don't want to fight Boots. It seems like Boots is the one who's not fighting these guys. &gt;&gt; It sounds like it sounds like what you're saying is people are avoiding Boots, but &gt;&gt; it seems &gt;&gt; from what I've been &gt;&gt; I think Boots is not scared of any of them. I mean, I'm not sitting here talking like Boots is ducking anybody. I'm just saying based on what we've been hearing, &gt;&gt; it just seems like really difficult for Boots to get a fight. And it ain't because he's chasing guys down. Guys have given him offers and he's not taking the offers. &gt;&gt; Probably probably either pricing themselves out. And this is my opinion. You know what I mean? I'm not trying to say he's always the angel in this. I'm not even saying that. That's not what the situation is. What I'm saying, he's probably feels like he's being disrespected with the offers. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? And and it's same situation with me. Like I had I'm I wasn't ultra popular. Obviously, I wasn't even popular. I wasn't even lowle popular. I had to fight my way through And the reason was because my skill level was high, but my my my marketability as far as, you know, popularity across like I ain't do no crimes. I ain't, you know, I mean, I didn't really have a exciting life before, you know, or dangerous life before boxing. And, you know, they had to view fighters and certain fighters at certain points. you're not or I didn't I didn't even have a social media a big social media presence which at that time that wasn't a really big thing. Um and I just wasn't popular. So I understand how difficult it is to make it to that next level without that popularity. You got to literally fight your way through it. And even though Boots is a world champion, he's still gonna have to fight his way through it because he's a hard fight. He's a hard guy to fight. And for what money? You know these dudes that are gonna like dudes that got titles. If I'm Sebastian Fondor, right, 54 champion, real exciting. I'm not saying that Boots is gonna walk through him. I'm not saying that. But if I had an opportunity to fight him or a guy like Tim &gt;&gt; which he already beat which he already beat Tim, but I'm just saying like if that was the other champion like these are the champions or whatever. I don't because I don't know who the other 54 guy is or I know or my fault. But what I'm saying is if I had a chance to fight him or Tim, I'm going now. I'm going to Tim Zoo. I'm going to somebody else because it's going to be more exciting. And even if I'm getting the same money, it's not going to be as tough. It's not going to be as dangerous. You understand what I'm saying? I'm I would rather get into a fight with somebody that I can make more money with or the same money that's less dangerous than Oh, yeah. Just cuz he's the best guy. I'm the only idiot would do that. I'm I jump in there with freaking Vladimir, you know what I'm saying? When he's the toughest champion. Well, I mean, it was him or Vital Vitali at the time, but I'll do that But the reality of it is what's the best business move. These guys were looking at what's the best business move. These promoters are like, I'm not trying to put my fighter in there with him for um and and try to promote this thing. And it's not going to be a big money fight. noted the kind of money fight that we could really live off of, eat off of for years after just to get this kid validated more because that's what's going to happen. Bruce, I I really believe Bruce get in there with one of these other guys. Even with Ortiz, I think it's just going to validate him more. And is he still going to be that popular? Maybe. We'll see. But it's just it's just like these other fighters, these other promoters, they understand the assignment in this situation. And that's not to put their their guys in that fight right now. He's not popular enough. He doesn't demand enough money. It's just it's just unfortunate and I can see it from his position. The only problem and the most the worst part of it is he's already a champion and they're still not eager to jump in there with him, which I understand was &gt;&gt; Aloha Fast Eddie and Coach Andy. The undisputed ever make a deal with you. I had a meeting with uh the the the owner of Undisputed um and we had a nice conversation, but we haven't concluded any deals yet. So hopefully we can get Eddie on there as a fighter and me on there as a coach. That'll be pretty dope. You know what I mean? But yeah, we like &gt;&gt; one of these days maybe we'll even play the game here live for you guys, man. But um yeah, man. Honestly, bro, uh hopefully we can go ahead and see that Boots Virgil Ortiz fight next. Me personally, man, I'm picking Boots in that fight, I think that Boots is the better boxer. Punches just as hard, just as strong. But Ortiz being a live dog, a guy who obviously can punch. It only takes one. And if Boost catches himself on the ropes and a little gets a little overconfident with some of his slick moves, he can get clipped. So, there's a it makes for it makes for an interesting fight. Um, and uh, I'm definitely looking forward to that. You know what I mean? Uh, so we'll see. We'll see, man. Guys, real quick, man. Just so you guys know, I am getting ready to launch Milliondoll Mits. Million-Dollar Mitts will be coming out very soon. I'm thinking within the next week or so. So, since I'm super excited about that, I want you guys to go ahead and get on this waiting list. Man, I'm going to go ahead and put the link in here below. We will be going live every single day this week. Eddie, man, we're gonna do some more live demonstrations this week, man. People really enjoyed the live demonstrations. So, I think this week &gt;&gt; we'll pick like something from all of my courses and maybe do some live demos all week somehow some way. Hopefully Eddie's like, &gt;&gt; you know what I mean? We'll pick like one or two techniques out of like I got 16 courses, guys. Black Friday sales going to get announced this week. So, we got a lot of good stuff going on this week. Well, we got it's only November 9th. It's only November 9th. So, we got a lot of time. Uh, we will be going live every single day for the month of November, guys. So, make sure you guys go ahead get on that waiting list, man. I'm going to cut the live stream short today, Eddie, because we gonna give them a lot of game this week. We gonna give them a lot of game. I want to make sure that we got the energy to continue to provide these lives. If you guys like them, please, you know, press like, please share them. Um, but this week, bro, we're going to be giving a lot of game. A lot a lot of game. Putting together the game plan. So, uh, be ready to learn, guys. Be ready to learn. And if you guys want to be trainers, million-dollar Mets is going to be what teaches you exactly how to hold the Mets. You'll be able to do this with your kids if you have kids. You'll be able to gain clients from this. This is going to be something that's going to change the game for a lot of you guys out there who really, really want to learn how to be a boxing coach. And you don't have to be a professional fighter to learn how to hold mits. You just need to have the understanding of what you're doing with the mits and a boxing understanding. And if you put those together, you could be a pretty good myth holder. Eddie, I'm out, bro. Thank you for pulling up. &gt;&gt; I appreciate everybody share their time with us, man. Short stream tonight, only about 27 28 minutes, but uh we will be going live every single day this week. Giving a lot a lot of games. Super excited to help you guys. I'm out. Peace.