Kind: captions Language: en What's his full name? What's coach Anthony? Anony's first name. What's Anony's last name? It's Anthony Rodriguez. Hey. Well, Anthony Rodriguez deserves deserves the credit, man. Ford had that was a motivational corner between 11 miles and you're a world champion, but you got to work. But Anthony Rodriguez, coach Anthony and that corner of way forward and the strategy they put forth and the motivational messages that coach you my favorite coach Anthony. Coach Anthony, fantastic guidance in the biggest fight of his career. Great job by the corner for coach Anony's name is Tim. This guy deserves a lot of praise. Every single round he guided him to victory tonight. He's motivated him. He told him what he needed to do. They had a game. My boy, Coach Anthony was holding Ms. Man, you got a chance. You see that? Y'all want to learn real boxing? Check out Coach Anthony boxing. Shout out to Coach Anthony and Coach Anthony boxing. What's going on, guys? Your boy Coach Anthony and future world champion Ethan Gonzalez. And we got a jump rope drill. Nah, but this ain't going to be jumping no rope though. We going to do it a little different. This is going to be a timing drill that you could work on the heavy bag. A lot of the older oldtime boxing coaches would do this with a towel with good reason because with a towel the fighter doesn't have to worry about the jump rope whipping them. You know what I mean? But this is actually I like a little bit better only because of the speed of the rope. I can actually make this go a little bit faster. And uh but the only thing the only drawback is if that hits your skin, you're going to feel it a little bit. You know what I mean? So, but there's a way to do it. I'm going to show you guys how to do it so we can avoid that happening. All right. So, I'm simply just going to go right here behind the rope. I mean, behind the bag. And I'm going to go ahead and spin the rope. Now, I'm not going to be like I'm not doing that, right? I'm going like in a nice controlled uh speed to start. And the only thing we're going to focus on is Ethan getting that jab off. Okay, number one punch in boxing. And he's going to go ahead and time it. And that's that's what's beautiful about this is real. But once I see that it's a little too easy for Ethan, the speed increases. You notice he's speeding up that rope and his punches are speeding up. Not bad. Now, think about how dope this drill is. Like, this is really You have to try to get that jab off. But when you're boxing somebody who has some good defense, it's hard to land that jab. You're not just going to land a jab on a fighter that's a quality guy. You know what I mean? It's going to be difficult. So, you have to really master the timing and the speed and the way you release your jab because some guys, they'll telegraph their jab. Some guys will put too much power on their jabs. And when you do that, it's harder to actually land. So, this forces you to be relaxed. It forces you to snap. It forces you to bring your hands back. Okay. So, now that I see that he's doing that, now we're going to add that right hand. So, I'll go right back to that normal speed to start. And you don't got to throw the right hand right away. You can just throw it when you feel it after it's done. There you go. Takes a little bit. That's what's making this. That's what makes this drill real. You see, he got it off. He can't get it off the second time. Let it go. There we go. There we go. See, it's forcing him. It's forcing. Look how quick he had to step back. Look, I pick up the speed. Look. Wow. Come on. Keep it going. That speed's up now. Almost. Come on. We can't stop on a bad note. Got to keep it going. Beautiful. I was waiting for that. So, as you guys can see, this is actually a really good drill. I actually should do this more. I'm actually going to start doing this more because as I'm doing this video, I'm saying to myself, damn, there's some real benefit to this. So, you really got to time your shot. You really got to try to get it off. And as you can see, it's really difficult to do. It ain't easy to do. So, guys, when you're doing this with your partner or if you're doing this with your fighter, if you're doing this with your coach, just make sure you don't go out there trying to swing on quick, right? go out there and pick it up at the pace that is comfortable for your fighter to start to and don't make it easy for him either, but at the same time, you want it to be something that you build up to. Guys, go to the website coachanthonyboxing.com. You want to learn more about boxing. If you like this hoodie, the link will be in there. My boy Sage, dope hoodie. I've been wearing it in a few of my most recent videos. And make sure you guys follow Ethan, check out his Instagram, follow his boxing journey. He will be a world champion. Mark my words. What's up, man? Hey yo, last time I rocked this on my Instagram, I got a lot of questions, man. So, I'm going to have the link so you guys can go ahead and cop yourself one of these fire hoodies. I know some of y'all thinking you're like, "Yo, what is that? One of my peoples uh put out this dope clothing line." So, you know, I'm rocking this real quick, guys. So, I want you guys to go ahead and check that out. You already know.