Kind: captions Language: en We're going to talk about how to get the most out of your jab. Okay. Now, if you get to a traditional boxing, that's just traditional, right? Like first thing in the gym. Let's come over here. All right. Well, let's go ahead and use the line tow heel alignment on the on the on the line. All right. So, he's using a tow heel alignment. All right. Now, hit boxing stand. This is basic. This is probably like where a lot of people a good starting point for a lot of people. So, we're going to go ahead and drop the hands and we're going to go ahead and do this. Blade them up a little bit. Now, come over here. Come over here and face in front of him. All right. Now, the toe heel alignment is going to stay the same, but the upper body is facing me. We're going to call that a half a man. Okay? Half a man because this will be the full man. This will be the half a man. And the reason why you want that half a man is because you want to be less of a target, right? The less of a target you are in boxing, the better. But let me show you one more thing. Camp to a traditional boxing stance like basic. All right. Pop your jab. Okay. Boom. That's the jab. Okay, I do a half a man adjustment. And look, look at that. I get an extra inch on the jab. Come over here to the side cuz I don't think you can notice it from the front. Go to a basic boxing stance. Pop the jab. All right. Now, I'mma step right here. Half a minute. See that? See that extra inch? Pause. You know, I got to say pause, right? You see that extra inch? &gt;&gt; That's the difference in landing the jab. And that's also the difference in getting caught with a counter jab. Right? If I'm standing traditional and he's in the half a man and we exchange jabs, his is landing, mine is falling short. All right. So, by him blading his body, he goes ahead and he's able to land that jab from a little bit further. Bam. Go from the chin for the beginners out there. Bang. All right. Half a man. Boom. Right there. So, go ahead and snap it. Bang. From the chin. From the chin. They not ready for that. They not ready, man. All right. They're not 42 and five yet. Let's go. Go. Snap it. Step. And then with the extra step, you get an extra inch. All right. Now, yeah, I know. Now, another key element to getting the most out of your jab. All right. Is this elbow right here. We want that elbow in. And then we want to go ahead and transfer that weight over at the very end of the shot. If that elbow is out and then you throw the jab, you lose power. With that elbow being in, he gets a nice stiff jab. Now, I'm going to grab the mid so you guys can hear the pop on this in a second, but I'm just trying to give you guys a demonstration. So, he's going to give me the half a man for more distance, more leverage, and then what he's going to do is he's going to keep that elbow in and go ahead and turn it over to get that bang, that good pop. So, let me go ahead and grab the mint just to demonstrate for you guys. All right.