Kind: captions Language: en As long as you listen as you learn the stuff that I'mma teach you with pyramids for &gt;&gt; what up &gt;&gt; for million dollar mits. Why did I call this million dollar mits? Cuz I'm going to make you look like a million bucks, man. As long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a pair of mitsuh, I'm going to level up your mitt game 100%. I got a lot of things to say about [music] Mitt Work because Mitt work literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's his full name? What's Coach Anthony? Anony's first name was Anony's last name. &gt;&gt; Anthony Rodriguez [music] in that corner. &gt;&gt; A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer. You know, Mits was really [music] what people hired me for. Right. &gt;&gt; Working with professional fighters that [music] put me in world title corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mitts. &gt;&gt; This [music] is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, you want [music] to do it the right way. I like to think that I'm a person who could teach you how to do this at the highest level considering I've been to the highest level of boxing. &gt;&gt; Two rounds [music] and you're a world champion. You got to work. He is a defending world champion fighting [music] tonight with his trainer Freddy Anthony. &gt;&gt; Work with some of the [music] best boxers in the world. Mits [music] is what literally put me in that position. You could be a great coach. You could be a great teacher. You [music] could be a great personal trainer, &gt;&gt; but this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people look at [music] you and make people say, "Hey, man. That guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person. &gt;&gt; I'm going to teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this course [music] that's going to help level you up. Hate on you no more, man. You got a chance. You see that? &gt;&gt; What up? What up? What up? What up? What up? What's going on, man? Yo, it is Today is story time, man. I got a little story I want to tell people. I want to talk to you guys, man. If you guys are in the chat, let it be known. Uh, we're about to chop it up tonight. I'm definitely going to do some Q&amp;A. We're definitely going to talk. Uh, but there's a lot that I want to talk about, man. And, um, it has a lot to do with my new release, um, Million Dollar Myths. If you see me looking down, it's really because I'm looking at the, uh, I'm looking at my computer. I got my computer right here. So, if you see me looking down, it's because I'm looking at the computer. But, yeah. Um, I want to talk about my new release, Million-Dollar Mits. Obviously, I've been talking about this every single day for quite some time now, but it's really about what I really want to talk about is, you know, how I got into this whole boxing thing, you feel me? How I got into boxing in general. I think that it's very important for you guys to know that. Uh it's very important for you guys to know that because um basically what I'm trying to do is explain to you my journey because there's probably a lot of you guys out there right now who are boxing or have considered boxing and don't know where to start. Uh you know and maybe you guys might want to know how a guy like myself got into the position that I am in now. You feel me? So, you know what you got to understand is I started boxing relatively not too young. So, a little bit about me. I grew up in New York City and you know, I grew up thinking I could fight like most guys from the city who, you know, grow up thinking they're tough. And then I walked into a boxing gym one day and found out real quick that I couldn't fight as good as I thought I could. Right? So, I went into a boxing gym a little bit arrogant, a little bit thinking that I knew a lot about fighting because I've been in some street fights, you know. So, I go into a boxing gym thinking that a boxing gym is, you know, a fight. I think I'm thinking that boxing is fighting just like on the street. So, I go into this gym thinking that everybody in the gym, you know, oh, these guys can't mess with me. These guys look like good kids. You know, the kids that were in the gym, they were all disciplined. They were all lighter than me. You know, they were train. They were training. They were competing. But I didn't know no better. So I walk into the gym with an attitude. The trainer was like, "Oh, you could fight?" I was like, "Yeah." He was like, "Okay." He throws me a headgear. So when he throws me the head gear, I throw the headgear on real confident, you know, thinking that I could fight. Now, this is what's crazy about the story. It's kind of like a little messed up. Give me one second. Yo, my boy, man, I see you, champ. Yo, the million dollar I should be wearing the million-dollar mint hoodie right now to be honest. I should be wearing the million-dollar mint hoodie. I'm not. This ain't it. But um yeah, I got you, bro. I got you for sure. Um but let me just let me go ahead and uh continue this, man. So you see the a little bit about the story you might not know. So yeah, so basically um what was I saying? Oh yeah. Yeah. So, he throws me the headgear. I throw the headgear on real confident like I'm about to whoop somebody's ass. And this kid that he put me in the ring with had just won the Golden Gloves. Now, this is what's crazy about it. I knew something was wrong when I started to see photographers come into the ring, I mean to the gym. I seen like, you know, different camera people and I'm like, "Yo, damn. [clears throat] This is a pretty big event they're putting me in, you know, for my first sparring match." So, I spar a dude, he whoops my ass. He just whooping my ass. And luckily I didn't get knocked out because this kid probably hit me with I don't know 30 40 unanswered punches. Like I was just in the corner trying to block. I didn't even know how to block. He's just whooping my ass. Well, come to find out he had just won the Golden Gloves in Florida. I grew up in New York City, but I started really fighting in Florida. So he whoops my ass and the at at the end of the first round, the coach comes up to me and goes, "So what's up, man? You want to go another round?" And I'm like, "No, I'm good, man. I'm good." So then I get out the ring, you know what I'm saying? In shame or whatever. I just got my ass whooped. And um make a long story short later, like a week later, I'm in the article because these people were taking pictures and I'm like this in the article. Now, mind you, I had a headgear on, so you couldn't really see my face, but I'm the person in the freaking article like this getting punched by the kid who had just won the Golden Gloves, and they had put like a whole freaking thing about this kid who had just whooped my ass, right? So, in my mind, I'm like, yo, that's crazy. Like, my first SMAR match ever, I made the papers, but it wasn't in a good way. I'm getting my ass beat, right? So, anyway, I continued. I I kept coming to the gym. I kept coming to the gym. I didn't let that discourage me. I kept coming to the gym. And then like after a week or two, the coach goes, "Yo, man, you still showing up." He was like I was like, "Yeah, why? Why? You thought I was going to quit?" He was like, "Yeah, I did actually." He was like, "Okay." So now he started to like me. Um, so it was crazy. I think his name was Jeff Lell. He was a sergeant. No, he was a sheriff for the Palm Beach County Sheriff Department. Lob Dell was his last name. I can't remember his first name, but he was the coach of the gym. So anyway, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was I [clears throat] saying? So anyway, he started to really start to take a liking to me. So now, now that he's taking a liking of me, I'm training. I'm training. And the next thing you know, I start competing. And I actually learned pretty quick because they kept throwing me into spar pretty early in my journey because I had the personality for it. But this time he was a little bit more careful with me because he actually like that I kept showing up to the gym even though I got my ass beat the very first time I sparred where most people they usually quit and walk away. So then from there I continued. I you know I had a few matches or whatever novice matches you know what I mean? And then from there I started training at um a professional gym. Now at this professional gym at the time it was called Steve Shepards which turned into the Spartan gym. And now this gym had everybody. I'm talking about all the best fighters that you could think of at the time. Guys like Zab Judah, Cassim Uma, um Alexis Trujillo, uh Andrew Galada. I mean, these are all like top names because Luke Duva at the time had his whole uh stable down in Fort Lauderdale or whatever and he would bring them down to Palm Beach and that's where they would hold their camps. Burning Forest, you know, God God bless the dead Burning Forest, you know. So, I got a chance to see like world caliber fighters training, you know, and then that's where I used to see the coaches holding the mitts, you know, all these really good teachers and me, oh, Emanuel Augustus, how can I forget? Everybody who knows me knows that Emanuel Augustus asked me to spar when I had a few fights as an amateur and I turned it down. I regret it to this day. It's one of my biggest regrets because he see me hitting the bag, you know, and at the time I'm starting to come up and I knew who obviously who Emanuel Augustus was, the drunken master. He'd make everybody miss to make them look silly and he was like, "Yo, what's up, man? Let's do a couple rounds." And I was like, "Nah, nah, nah." He was like, "No, man. I'mma work with you." I was like, "Nah, nah, nah, nah." Like, I was brushing it off because I was like, "Nah, I know what he gonna do. He's going to like embarrass me basically. He's going to start taunting me and whatever." Right? So, I seen him do it to guys already. So, in my mind, I'm like, I'm cool. And then he took me to the side and was like, yo, when you do this boxing thing, man, treat it like you're playing your favorite video game. Treat it like, you know, I mean, you're you're you're playing basketball or something. He was like, just have fun with it. And at the time, you know, I was like, "Ah, yeah, whatever." But now, as a coach, I can't tell you how many time I've used that line with young fighters coming up that overthink situations, you feel me? So anyway, that's the short version of that story. But you know, Cassim Uma, I got an opportunity to spar Casim Uma at the time. Kasim Uma was one of the top guys. I think it was like 171 or something when I first met him. And then he continued to train or whatever at the gym or whatever, you know. So all these good fighters, I got a chance to really see uh James Lewis, who was Casim Uma's mentor. I got a chance to spar him before I fought in the Golden Gloves, which is a crazy experience for me. Um, man, I'm trying to think, man. Just a lot of great great talented fighters at that time. And I got a chance to see these guys train every single day. So I think that's what gives me a really good advantage over a lot of people because early in my journey I was around world class caliber fighters and they actually took me under their wing like you know what I'm saying it was just it was just Johnny Bump city Bumpus who was a world champion in 1982 was one of my first coaches and he actually was coaching Cassim Uma at the time and he would try to make time for me but he really couldn't but he did what he can and he worked with me. He taught me some stuff, but it was really like he was dealing with the pros. So, anybody who's been in the gym with pros and if you're not a pro, it's kind of hard like for that trainer to give you the attention that you want. But anyway, going through all of that, right, competing, training with all these top guys or whatever, what ended up happening was few things happened in my life. I'mma fast forward to where I became a coach. Now, I opened up my first gym back in 2012. 2012, I opened up my first gym and um I started coaching, guys. Well, first, I know I'm I'm just rambling. Let me just take a look real quick. What's going on in here? I see you guys, bro. I'mma definitely chop it up with you guys in a second. just want to kind of like, you know, give you guys guys this message real quick or whatever. But I opened up my first gym in about 2012 and I remember at the time Instagram was like a brand new thing. So Instagram is a brand new thing and uh I opened up a gym. I immediately knew that Instagram was going to be hot. Like I don't know what it was. I mean I never had MySpace. I never had Facebook. You know what I mean? I never had no social media prior to Instagram, but I knew that Instagram was going to be something that I enjoyed, right? So, I was like, "Yo, I'mma start posting on Instagram right off the rip." Once it came out, I was like on it, like posting anything. You know what I mean? Pictures, quotes, you know? I just opened a gym, so I'm posting my gym. Like, if you go to my Instagram, you can go way back and you can see like you can see all my post or whatever, right? So then I remember I opened my first gym and you know I was doing mits. Now I always knew how to hold mits because like I said for one I used to get mitt work from coaches. So I remember how they held mits from me but then I started really studying like a lot of mitt holders and stuff like that. And then I kind of came up with my own style. So I remember posting a lot of mint work videos you know what I mean? So then a couple of pros, local pros here in New Jersey actually came to me from network, you know what I mean? Like it all started with just one fighter, then it turned into another fighter, then it turned into another fighter. And these were like low caliber guys or whatever, but you know, people are watching them. So I'm hauling mits or whatever. People see me and these guys are nice. They know how to punch. So now I'm holding mids for them. I'm teaching my boxing classes. I'm doing all of that. See, when I first opened a boxing gym, I didn't even want to be a coach to be honest. Like, I'm giving you guys the short story. Like, this is actually a whole another story. Like, there's more to the story, but I'm kind of I'm trying to condense this right now. So, I didn't even want to be a coach. I just wanted to be a gym owner. I just wanted to own a gym and hire a coach. But what ended up happening was I was like, why am I going to hire somebody for something I already know how to do? So, I start pulling myths and I keep studying and I get better. I get better. I get better. So now fighters are reaching out to me. One second. My bad. So fighters are reaching out to me and they're asking me for mitt work. So I'm doing the mids. I'm posting it on the internet. I'm doing the mids. I'm posting it on the internet. Right? So now more fighters are seeing me, more people are seeing me, more whatever. So then I get my big opportunity. Um, big shout out to Hank Lundy. Hank Lundy at the time was one of ESPN's hottest fighters at the time. I don't know how much you guys know about ESPN back in like 2005 to like 2015, but ESPN had like, you know, Friday night fights. So every Friday you had all like the upand cominging talented fighters. And Hank Lundy was on a freaking tear. He was cooking everybody, right? So Hank Lundy was nasty. I remember how I met Hank Lundy. So Hank Lundy, I remember I would be watching Hank Lund. This is how the universe works. This is how God works. The universe works, whatever. Right? And this is what I be trying to tell people that know me. Like anything I've ever really wanted in my life, I've gotten. So like what I try to tell people is if I didn't get it, I didn't want it bad enough. The truth is that like if I didn't get it, I didn't want it bad enough. Anything that I really wanted, I've always gotten for me. So, I remember when I used to watch Hank Lundy because one of my old trainers, he was the one who taught me how to like bend the waist and shoulder roll and all that type of stuff, right? Which when I first started boxing, this is all I learned. You know, I just learned how to stay right here in the middle, you know, block, block, slip, slip, roll, roll. That was basically it. Then what ended up happening is I learned how to fight from from the shoulder roll, learn how to bend the waist, learn how to do my, you know, my stuff from that angle. That's why I got courses like the Philly shell system and, you know, all that type of stuff, right? Like he really leveled up my boxing education. So I remember when I first saw Hank Lundy, Hank Lundy was doing a lot of that stuff. So in my mind, I was like, damn, yo, this dude Hank is nice. Like I'm like, he's really nice. So I'm showing him to my old coach. I'm like, yo, check out Hank Lundy, man. dude's nice, whatever. He's like, "Yo, he's pretty good." All right. So, I come out here to New Jersey. I end up training at this gym called 10th Round in PA. Now, I'm in there. I'm sparring that day, right? So, that I used to come up here all the time and I would spar every single time I came up here. I would come up here to go to Trenton, New Jersey. I sparred Terrence Cton who was a Olympic bronze medalist. He's friends with my family. So we would spar I would spar with him. I would go to Philly. Spar in Philly by myself. This is me not knowing nobody up here. Okay. By myself. I would go sparring Philadelphia. I go to James Scheler's gym. One of at the time where this is where Eddie Chambers came up. It's where I met Eddie actually. One of the most prominent gyms in Philly at the time. I used to go there by myself in spar. I would go to PA in spar. I would go to Camden in spar. So, back then, a lot of guys knew me as just a a gym owner who still like to to spar. I wasn't getting ready for no fights or nothing, but I could fight, like, believe it or not, even though you guys see me here coaching and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know what I mean? I I can actually rumble a little bit. So, I used to go box some good guys. And what ended up happening was I go to uh PA to go spar um and Hank Lundy is there. So, I'm sparring somebody and I'm rumbling with them like bop bop. Like, we're going toe to toe. I get back to the corner just to get some water because I had nobody work in my corner and Hank Lundy comes up on the deck and he's like, "Yo." Said, "Why you rumbling with this dude, man? Box him. Box this dude." And I'm like, "All right." He's like, "Yeah, man." He said, "Just stay on the outside and box him. You ain't got to make the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so difficult." I'm like, "All right, cool." So, then I go out there. I'm boxing. Easy. just took a real like it was it was totally different round. So when he comes back to the corner or whatever, they took the kid out, they put another kid or whatever. The other coach was like, "Yo, what did that what the Hank Lundy tell you?" I was like, he just told me to box. He was like, "Yo, that you look good when you box." I'm like, "Thank you." So anyway, me and Hank I go up to Hank Lundy. I'm like, "Yo, what's up, bro? Thank you, man." You know what I'm saying? I appreciate it. He's like, "Yeah, bro. Don't that nice, bro." You know what I'm saying? Ain't no reason for you to be rumbling like that. I'm like, "All right, cool. Whatever." We exchange phone numbers. Well, I guess Hank Lundy started watching me on the internet and he seen that I own the gym and I do a lot of myths. So, he had DM'd me one day and was like, "Yo, I'm getting ready to fight Thomas Delore on HBO." He was like, "I would love for you to come in and help me, you know what I'm saying? Help sharpen me up. I like your mitt work." I'm like, "All right, bet." You know what I'm saying? So, boom, big opportunity. You know what I'm saying? I was like, "I'm in." So now we get ready, you know, my first real camp with a top dog. We fight Thomas Delore. He didn't win that fight against Thomas Delore, but people thought he won. It was like uh it was like a robbery to some people. Okay, it was like one of those close fights that you can give either way. Hank fell short, but it was still a great experience for me. And I remember telling myself, I was always telling myself like, "Yo, I want to be on HBO one day as a coach, man. I would love to be on HBO." I used to say that to myself all the time. And then I get Hank Lundy and we fight on HBO. So then, you know, I was in Hank Lundy for many years after that, right? We fought Mauricio Herrera. We fought Terrence Crawford. I mean, I got the opportunity to say I've cornered against arguably the best fighter of this generation since Floyd. I'm not saying he is the best. I'm just saying I cornered against him. You know what I'm saying? So, we had Hank Lundy. Then from Hank, I started working with Outlaw Eric Hunter. I got pictures up here with with some of these guys. You know what I'm saying? Like if I can show you real quick. Like if you look up like I got pictures like so that picture right there when I'm wearing the gray sweatpants, that's me working with Eric Hunter. So Eric Hunter was another very talented fighter from um Philadelphia who was training at Danny Garcia's gym at that time and he saw me working with Hank. So he reached out to me. Now this is the crazy part. He him and Hank didn't like each other. They actually didn't like each other. But I was working with outlaw Eric Hunter and Hank Lundy at the time to at the same time. So I would go to Danny Garcia's gym. We hold the camp for outlaw Eric Hunter and then I'd go back to my gym or I'd go to Mar Anderson in Philly and go train Hank Glundy. That's where Hank Glundy used to like to train. So either he'd come to my facility or I go to Mary Anderson which is like a rec center and we would go train over there. So was training both in one day. Then I come back to my gym, run my gym, train my amateurs, my fitness clients and stuff like that. So, one thing I always understood was the importance of getting better on the mits and documenting my journey. So, I always made sure I recorded and I always made sure I leveled up and got better. I never thought I knew everything. I always made sure that I educated myself. I had mentors that I could call. I had a good eye for boxing. And I was very experienced myself. It's not like I was a guy who didn't know boxing. So, it was very easy for me to just get better at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You feel what I'm saying? So, anyway, I would always hold mids, record whatever I can, post as much as I can, and uh I was working with two world caliber fighters, Alo Eric Hunter. I was with him for a few fights and we actually fought Lee Selby for a world title. Now, we lost to Lee Selby even though we knocked him down. We actually fought on a Anthony Joshua undercard. I can't remember who Anthony Joshua was fighting that day, but it was at the O2 Arena in the UK, but um that was one of the fights that we fought. I mean, we won a few fights, but we lost that fight for the world title. Now, I remember saying to myself, I would love to be on HBO. I would love to be in a world championship fight. And guess what? It happened. I was in two world championship fights. But you know what's crazy? I wasn't specific enough when I was asked when I was saying yo what I wanted. I wanted to be in a world championship fight. I wanted to be in a world championship fight. I never said I wanted to be in a world championship fight of a fighter who wins the world title. I wasn't specific enough. So what did I get? I got a chance to be in a world championship fight. But we didn't win the belt. But anyway, took that experience or whatever. Next thing you know, I get the phone call. No, I didn't get the phone call, but I ended up hooking up with Tevin Farmer. Now, Tevin Farmer, this is how this worked. I had an amateur fighter that I used to train. You guys might have seen him on my YouTube channel, a young white kid. His name was Marshall. I took Marshall from when he was eight years old and we probably racked up 42 fights together as an amateur. So, when Marshall was eight, he came to me and we stood together till he was about 12. And then when he turned 12, CO happened and then kind of stopped working with a lot of my fighters or whatever. But make a long story short, I take him down to the gym where Kevin Farmer was training at, which was TKO and Cherry Hill. Those are my peoples. Big shout out to everybody at TKO Cherry Hill. Um, very good people over there, too. It's my friends. But I took him over there to the gym that he was sparring at and um Tevin Farmer was there. Now me and Tevin followed each other on Instagram, but we never actually met each other. So I go up to T like, "Yo, what's up, bro?" He's like, "Yo, man. What's up with some of that A1 m work?" I'm like, "Bro, whenever you want." He was like, "Shit, what's up with right now?" Now, my boy had just finished sparring some kid over there. My boy had just finished some sparring some kid over there. So now me and Tevin do a rendition. He loves it. His head trainer and another guy come to me right after that and say, "Yo, we're getting ready to fight Kenichio Gawa for the championship of the world. Would you like to be part of it?" I said, "Of course, you ain't got to tell me twice." So he was I was like he was like, "How much you want to get paid?" I was like, "Bro, I just want to be part of it. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about getting paid." Tean was like, "No, no, no, no, no. Bro, I'm paying you." I'm like, "All right, bro. Will you pay me what you think I'm worth?" He's like, "All right, bro." So, make a long story short, Tevin fights Kenichio Gawa for the for the for the championship, the the 130 lb championship of the world. We lost that fight. However, everybody felt Tevin won the fight. So then what ends up happening is about a month later, Kenichi Ogawa gets tested positive for illegal substance. So they turn it into a no contest. Tevin, mind you, Tevin had got shot in the hand or whatever earlier that year. No bicep got shot in the hand uh all in one year, I think. Fights Kichio Gawa that year gets robbed. Kenichio got with test is positive for steroids. Then he gets another opportunity to fight for the world title against Billy Dib in Australia. And Tevin wins the world title, the IBF world championship in Australia. So now I'm working with an actual world champion. And I remember after the two losses, I was specific this time. I said, I want to be in a world title corner, but this time with a champion. My very next fighter was a champion, Tevin [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] farmer. Okay, so now Tevin Farmer wins the title and this is around 2019 or 2018 2019 around there. I forget the exact year and we just go on a tear. He goes ahead, he defends the title six times. He won the he defended it successfully five times and then we went ahead and we fought for six time against Jojo Diaz and he lost the title and that was right before COVID. that it was like at the end of 2019 or in the beginning of 2020 and then next thing you know COVID hits inactive whatever and I'm just finding my way. So hold on I keep getting like crazy notifications here man. All right so damn I know I'm talking a lot. Are y'all still with me? Are y'all still with me, y'all? Let me know in the chat if you guys are still following this story. Let me know let me know uh let me know if uh this is this is resonating with you guys, man. Because I got it keeps going obviously. All right, cool. All right, bet. So now Tevin Farmer, Tevin Farmer uh successfully defends the title five times. We fight Jojo Diaz, he loses. 2020 hits. Boom. The world comes to a halt and stop. Right now, mind you, in like 2017, I had started my YouTube channel. Now, this is what's beautiful. Now, this is why I keep trying to tell y'all like the people I'm trying to get y'all to stick with me here because I'm trying to give y'all some of my business mentality to go with the boxing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay, so I'm looking at the camera now and I see the gym in the background and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's dope. That's dope. I just like that's dope, man. But anyway, a man trying to give you the story. This ain't scripted, y'all. This is all in the top of my head. All right. So, I started my YouTube channel like 2017, 2016, something like that. And um what ends up happening is people start liking my teaching style. So, I'm teaching, I'm explaining, I'm giving everybody the how-tos or whatever, the wise and the ifs and all that type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? So, uh you know, my YouTube channel is simultaneously getting more popular as I'm doing this with all these pro fighters. So, me holding mits, right, and working with these fighters that you guys seen me with, and then me also having a YouTube channel teaching, letting people know that I actually know how to teach. I actually know how to explain, I actually know what I'm talking about simultaneously at the same time. And then when COVID hits, you know what I mean? Then I start dropping all my courses and stuff like that with Eddie Chambers and all that type of stuff. Oh yeah, how can I forget Eddie Chambers, man? Me and Eddie Chambers, we fought a couple of fights together, man. That's my brother from my mother. That's a whole another story. But yeah, Eddie Chambers obviously a big part of the story, one of my coaches here. But um [snorts] yeah, simultaneously growing my channel, making courses, working with the fighters, holding the mints, it all work like a synergy, right? So you see the mint work, you're like, "Oh." You find out who the fighter is, you're like, "Oh, that guy's legit." You go to the YouTube channel, you see the teaching, you're like, "Oh, that guy knows more than just minutes. This guy actually is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] teacher." Then you go ahead and you see me, you know, on TV and then I drop a course and now I have a gym. Well, this is my second gym, but you know, I have a gym. I have a facility. I have credibility, right? But it started with having a skill. It started with having a skill. So, I would have never gotten with the Listen, there's a lot of guys out here that could fight that don't get a chance to coach top level guys like I did. There's a lot of guys out here who got boxing skills that fighters will be like, "Man, I ain't working with that dude. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how many fights he had. They want a guy who can bop the way." You know what I'm saying? They want to be able to really get this, you know what I mean? So me getting better and better and better and me at the time doing like some of that fancy mint work that captures the eyes and then adding in the realistic mid work and putting it all together. Like I said, the word of the day is synergy, right? It all works together that got me opportunities. So at the seven farmer the what I told myself was I was like yo being part of a world championship camp is cool and everything. I was like but I want to be the lead guy in the corner. I was like I want to be the guy. I was specific with the universe with God. I was specific. I was like I want to be the lead guy. I want to have my own guy one day. Like I wasn't Kevin Farmer's head coach. I was one of four coaches he had. His head coach, you know what I'm saying? uh was his head coach, Chino Rivz, that's the guy who work his corner. But then you had me, you had Rashim Jefferson, you had Nick Rosario. We we were the coaches in the background, you know what I mean? But we was really giving him just mainly my work and just giving him instructions on the floor, but it would be Chino who would give him instructions in the ring [clears throat] and that's who he would listen to. So then my brother from another mother, my man Reg, he went ahead. My man Re gonna go hit me up. My man Re Ro, shout out to Re Ro, my brother from another mother. Love him like a brother. He hits me up right after Raymond Ford had just had a very tough fight. A [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I forget against the guy's name, bro. The Mexican kid. Somebody knows in the chat, let me know in the chat. Everybody thought Raymond lost the fight. So, I get the phone call. Yo, aunt, I need help with Ray, bro. I'm like, "All right, bro. Whatever. Let's do it." So, I go over there. I start work. Well, first I turned it down like two or three times, just so you know. I wasn't like pressed to get with Ray. And it wasn't that I didn't like Ray. I had other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on. I thought I was moving to Florida. It was just a lot going on. And um I told Ray I told Reg like no like two or three times. And finally, when I realized I was staying up here in the New Jersey area, I was like, "Yo, all right. I could commit to it. I could do it." So, I'm helping Ray with uh Reg with Ray. And then, you know, I'm giving Ray instructions in the sparring and stuff like that. We're flowing. We're connecting. Like, me and him was really like, in the beginning, me and Ray was like clicking. And then he has the opportunity to fight or whatever. I I get the opportunity to coach him. Next thing you know, I'm in the corner. I'm giving him the instructions, but he said, "I want you to be the lead in the corner." I like how you give him instructions. I'm like, "All right, bet." So, I'm giving him instructions. We're on a tear. We're winning. We're winning. We're winning. Then, finally, we get the Kenichio Gawa fight. You guys didn't see the Kenichio Gawa fight. Go watch Raymond Ford vers Kenichio Gawa. Okay, it was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great fight. You're going to thank me later if you didn't see it. Very exciting. And I'm really proud of that fight because I got a lot of air time. So, this is what's crazy. I go to the fighters meeting with Ray and Timothy Bradley, shout out to Timothy Bradley, my my my brother, man. This dude look like he's one like in boxing, you just meet certain people that you connect with that you just it just happens like that. Timothy Bradley saw me and was like, "Yo, I'm a big fan of yours. I just want to give you your flowers." And in my mind, I'm like, "Motherfucker, you're Timothy Bradley. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You you the Hall of Famer, not me. He's like, "Nah, aunt, you I love how you teach." I'm like, "Thank you, bro." So, he's telling Ray, "Yo, you got a great coach in your corner, the whole nine." Like, he's telling this to Ray. We're all sitting at the fighters meeting, you know what I'm saying? And he asks me, he goes, "So, does your fighter, what do you think about Ray?" I said, "Well, Ray got some dog in him." I said, "He's gonna show it if the fight gets real." He was like, "You sure you got dog in you?" And Ray said, "You heard what my coach said." So anyway, we go out there, Ray fighting. Ray's losing in the fight. I'm motivating him, motivating him, giving him the instructions, doing what we do. And uh Ray bit down on that mouthpiece in round 12 and stop Kenichio got with like two or three seconds left in the fight and uh we win the world title. So now I'm the head trainer in the corner as I asked with a world champion. And that was our last that was my last big harrah in the professional fighting corner or whatever. Went ahead got this facility, you know what I'm saying? And started focusing on being having my own gym and building my own thing again over here. Raymond, you know, is in Houston now with Shakur Stevenson and those guys. There's no love law. Shout out to Raymond Ford. But again, this all started because I had a good skill set. So, when I keep pushing million-dollar myths, when I push the master box and bundle, it's not because I'm just trying to sell you another [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] course. I'm trying to show you that I'm trying to pay it forward. I'm not, of course, the game is to be sold, not told. I'm not just going to give anything away. Like, I've given plenty. If you go to my YouTube channel, I got a thousand 1.100 free videos. November, I done went live every single day for the month of November and asked answered a whole bunch of questions. We've done little clinics and everything. I give away. I give back. But when we're talking about, yo, let's really lock in. If you learn the skills that I'm trying to teach you and then you learn how to market yourself and promote yourself the right way, you can literally have a coaching career. Now, you can be a coach, you could be a personal trainer, okay? You could just be training your kids. I was talking to one of uh Eddie's peoples today who's his uh main camera guy and his strategist, you know, for Eddie Chambers. You know, Eddie Chambers got a channel. I'll fight like a pro. He's doing his thing. Shout out to Eddie Chambers. [sighs] He was like, "Yo, man. How about the fathers who want to coach their kids?" I'm like, "Yo, 100%. This is for fathers who want to coach their kids, too. I'm just looking at it as getting a return on your investment. A trainer can get anywhere from 50 [clears throat] to unlimited amount of money an hour depending on who you are. I've charged 500 an hour. I've charged a thousand an hour. I swear y'all might think I'm lying. I've charged $1,000 for one hour and I've gotten it. I've charged $500. Easily gotten that regularly. I've done 200 150. That's easy money. You can definitely charge $100 as a no-name trainer if you got skills. You don't have to have been an ex-p pro fighter. You don't have to have been an ex amateur fighter. If you know what you're doing and people visually see it and they're like, "Damn, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is pretty good." I mean, you pass the eye test, people will pay you $100 an hour. And I could prove it. You got hundreds and hundreds of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thousands of trainers on the internet right now promoting themselves and marketing themselves because they understand marketing, right? So marketing obviously is a whole different thing than actual coaching and whatever. But what I'm trying to say is in order to market yourself, you got to be good at what you do. You got to be good at what you do. It's like a barber. A barber gives a good haircut and posts it, you're like, "Yo, I want him to cut my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hair. I want that [laughter] guy to cut my hair. I like how he gives a fade. I like how he shapes up. I like that." Right? You're not going to go to the barber that you don't know. And you're not going to go to the barber that sucks. Even if you know him, you I'm not going to that guy. Well, I'm not going to go to a guy for a boxing routine if I don't see what he does good. If I don't see that he has skills. So, with Million-Dollar Mits, which is my main focus because today is Black Friday. Okay? So, just so y'all know, I released Million-Dollar Mitts on purpose on Black Friday because I want to give everybody the opportunity and the opportunity to get the best deal. Let's not forget the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Master Boxing Bundle. That's the cheapest it's ever been in history. And I have and it's kind of getting overshadowed by Million-Dollar Mints. But truthfully, last year when I did the 90% off for the million-dollar med uh for the master boxing bundle, that was like 2.97. That was 90% over 90% off. I'm selling it right now for 267. So truthfully, and if you put VIP if you put VIP 20, I think you'll get an extra $20 off. So if you use VIP 20, you'll get an extra $20 off. So, you can actually get the master boxing bundle for 24.47. Okay, but listen to me. It's so you can educate yourself, okay? Like my boy was saying, he got a LLC for his personal fitness boxing thing. He can write it off. You could literally start a LLC or if you have a LLC, you could write this off because it's education. You could write off education. Okay? So, you could buy this, write it off, study it, make your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bread. Okay, you have to invest into yourself, guys. If you guys are on my channel, you guys know that I don't sell [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't teach [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I keep it real, as real as I possibly can. You're talking to a real person. I'm live right now. I'm not This ain't a pre-recording. You know what I mean? You could talk to me right now. You go to the million, you go to you go to the the link that I put in there, you get it now because I'm going up. And this is one thing like I was telling people before, I'm not budging on the price. I'm actually going to go up on the price because we got to remember I wasn't selling this before and I was just fine. So, I'm not going to drop this price ever. This is the lowest it's ever going to be. It will be $14.97 once this sale goes out and then it's probably going to go up from there because I know you're going to make your money back. This isn't just like you're buying something and no, you're going to buy this and then you're going to apply it and you're going to own the skills forever and you're going to make money. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Some of y'all gonna make more money than me with my own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Some Somebody watching this right now is probably a better businessman than me and you're gonna figure out a way to monetize it. You see what I'm saying? So, this boxing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is been a long journey, but um you could definitely make it lucrative for yourself if you learn the right skills. You know what I'm saying? my man Pooky Man in the in the building. So, I'm putting the link one more time for Million-Dollar Mints. Guys, take me up on this offer. If you guys have any questions, I'm opening up right now for Q&amp;A. Um, go up here and see what's up with some of you guys. [laughter] Facts. Yo, Coach Anna dropping free game or being a champion in life. What's going on? Yo, what's going on my boy? How you doing? Granny drummer, how you doing? Walter Williams, best coach. Yo, shout out to Walt, man. How you doing, bro? &gt;&gt; It's 23 hours. &gt;&gt; Your course helped me a lot. I'm glad they do, brother. following you since the pandemic. Glad to see you keeping up like always, man. I appreciate you. Greetings from Argentina. Shout out to Argentina, man. Shout out to Arina Marcos. McDonald was fun. Yes, sir. I'm just going back. I'm just going back. The live stream has been dope so far. I appreciate it. Coach James dropping free games on how to be a champion in life. Yes, sir. What type of mits do you regret? What do you What kind of mitt holding do you recommend for pre-warm up? For fight pre-warmup. So for fight pre-warmup, I don't over mit my guys. So what I'll do is we'll work like bop bop one two bop one two row bop whatever whatever we feel that we need to work on because you're going to know your fighter. But once once you get like a few reps in, then you cut it. So like you'll see us be like [laughter] and then we'll walk away. So like or it might just be boom boom [clears throat] boom boom boom. Whatever we feel, whatever you know your fighter better than me. Okay. But the whole key is you don't want to burn your fighter out. You just want to get them done working and then slowly building up a sweat and then once they're nice and warm and you start to see some sweat on them, then you stop. They put their jacket on or whatever, boom. And then they stay warm and then you go out to the locker room. I mean, you go out to the ring and you go ahead and handle business. The whole point of the mint work in the back is either to integrate something that you've been working in camp and to get your fighter to just be nice and warm. We're just trying to warm up our fighter. We're not trying to burn them out. You see what I'm saying? Coach, how much should an amateur be running a week? Um, you know, man, truthfully, truthfully, man, um, depends what kind of running you're doing. I think that if you can get a couple of sprints in a week, you know what I mean? That's good. And maybe one one three mile run or if you don't do too much sprinting, you could do three runs for three miles, two to three miles a week. But at a fast pace, keep it time. I think either or works. So, like we would have our guys running three miles in 21 minutes three times a week. Um, if you can't get it in 21 minutes, then you try to get it in no more than 24 minutes. That's with three. If you do two miles, you're trying to get it anywhere from 12 to 14 minutes. Worst case scenario, 16 minutes. So, we're working on just that three times a week. You know what I mean? Or you could do like a long run. uh to you know take a day in between do another long run. So that'll be not not long run like a three mile run take a day off three mile run take a day off Friday you could do your sprints where you go ahead and you just do 10 win sprints or whatever or whatever whatever how many yards or whatever you want to do. So there's different styles. Everybody got their own style. You know what I mean? difference between mid or high top boxing shoes. Any brand you recommend? I don't have any recommendation. I think that's a personal preference. Um, but I don't have any recommendations for that. You know what I mean? And truthfully, I'm not recommending anything unless I get a check if you want the honest truth. You know what I mean? I'mma have to get a brand deal or something. So, but yeah, I think that's just personal preference, bro. I would go with whatever brand you like the style of, you know what I mean? And I would just try both and see which ones you enjoy more. Some guys like the lower top guys, some guys like the higher top ones. It's really a style thing, comfort thing. You might have to test out and play with a few different brands until you find the brand you like. Cuz I like, for instance, I know a girl who liked a particular brand. And I told her to go check out that brand. And she was like, I hate these. So, it's like, you know, and I thought she was going to love them because the other girl is like a popular boxer and she wears, you know, this particular brand and the girl at my gym bought them and she wanted to return them. She was like, "You should suck." I'm like, "Okay, well, my bad." You feel me? So, I think that's like a personal preference thing. No problem, my guy. Awesome. Thanks, coach. Appreciate the knowledge. No problem. Yo, coach, I've been a supporter for a minute and I messed with the Shakur team and I saw Raymond Ford with you and them. Does that is that what he goes in between camps? Well, now that's where Raymond Ford is now. Um, I was with Raymond for like five fights or so. We won the world title together and then we parted ways after the Nick Ball fight. He wanted to he he actually packed up and moved to Houston where before he was training here. He lived here and he would go to Houston for the ending of his camps to finish the weight cut and you know he would do a majority of his camp up here. But then what ended up happening was he moved to Houston and he just went fulltime and he's just whatever they got going on down there and then I opened my gym up here. So I don't currently work with Raymond Ford anymore but me and you know we got a open line of communication. me and Raymond Ford on on speaking terms and stuff like that. So, we're good. It's just that's the route he chose and and I chose my own route. But, we made history together like I told him. And, you know, that's something that we can't ever take away. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, I'm proud of him and whatever he wants to do. He knows he knows my number. Coach and Sparring. Should you level up to the same power of your opponent or should you look or should coach in sparring should you level up to the same power of your opponent or should you look at their level and go easier if they are not on your level? Yeah. If they're not on your level and you're far superior than them, then I would say pull back a little bit because you know boxing is one of those sports where you could really hurt somebody hurt somebody bad. So what I do is like if I'm sparring somebody who doesn't have my experience, I feel like it's up to the experienced fighter to control the situation. So if I'm sparring somebody and they are not on my level, but they're trying to hit me hard, I might do something in the sparring like a a like a good jab or some kind of a, you know, just like a punch, like just to make them like, "Yo, calm down." I might even tell him like, "Yo, take the power down, bro. You swinging too hard." You know what I mean? Just to give him like a warning, like, "Chill." Like, "I know you trying to get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off, but you can hurt me. So, if you hurt me, I'mma hurt you." So, I think that as an experienced fighter, it's your duty to kind of educate the inexperienced guy. It's like a It's like a a level thing. Like, I think it's an unwritten law. You know what I mean? If somebody is not on my level and I take advantage of that and I try to hurt them and I use the excuse that they were swinging on me hard, I think it's a little irresponsible on my end. And I just think that it's like tasteless. Like I'd rather be the bigger person and just be like, I'm not going to hurt you even though I can. And I can't tell you how many times I've been in that situation where I could have hurt the guy and I didn't because I had more experience. You feel me? But they were trying to prove something. I had nothing to prove. Right? So what the way I would prove it is not getting hit. Like they're throwing that hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I'm like bop bop bop bop. You know what I mean? Then I touch them. Bop. I'm like ah bop. Touched you. I told you. Stop it. Calm the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down. Like that's my way of sunning them in a in a sense where it's like you might think you got me but you ain't got me. Right. So that's how I treat guys that I got more experience then. I don't ever take advantage of them. I never try to hurt them because I can, you can mess around and kill a guy if you got a lot more experience than a guy and you hit him with some really heavy shots and I, you know, I just won't feel good about myself, man. You know what I mean? It's just that's not what boxing is about. Now, you got guys who do that for street clout. They do that to get videos and and you know, show off on the internet and I think that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is whack. Truthfully, that's just not my style. And I don't like it here in the gym. I won't even allow it here in the gym. Once I see it, I mean, it happens from time to time, but once I see it, I'll address it and I'll be like, "Yo, we not doing that." So, yeah, I think it's I think it's your job and the coach's job to protect the the up and cominging guys. And if the up and cominging guys don't have a good attitude and they're still trying to swing really hard and they're not cooperating, then might be time to either stop sparring them or the coach has to get into play or they might they might have to get removed from the environment. You know what I mean? Much love. I'mma get back to this million-dollar mitch. Thank you, bro. How you like it so far, my guy? Let the people know how you like Million-Dollar Mitch. Yo, big shout out to him for actually grabbing MillionDollar Mitch, man. A lot of people say they're going to get it. He's been telling me all week he was going to get it and he actually got it. So, I want to say thank you for your support. Um, I want to make sure I'm pronouncing your name right. Beu Sun. Beu son. That's a I don't want to be disrespectful and say your name the wrong way, but thank you again. And you got my information. You got my phone number. You can text me any questions you have, but Bo. Okay, Bo. All right. Yeah, bro. Yeah. So, thank you for actually uh you know, actually getting it, man. I appreciate your support truthfully. QB killer, what's going on, my guy? How you doing, bro? If you just got into the chat, I just did a story time. I gave a whole story how I got into this boxing. I'm I'm putting the link for Million-Dollar Mitts into the chat right now. If y'all don't get it at this price, you're missing out on a huge opportunity. Yeah, man. This is a huge opportunity to level up in your skills. You know, I think this and the master boxing bundle together is insane. If you get them both, if you get them both, yo, and you actually implement, you actually take the time. See, it's one thing for you to buy the course and then forget you own it, right? Like, anybody could do that. Anybody could just say, "You know what? I got an extra couple hundred. I'mma go ahead and buy this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and just leave it and let it collect dust. But if you actually buy it and say, I'mma implement this. I'mma actually watch this every day and I'm going to practice this. You know what I mean? Next time we talk, whether it be in two weeks, three weeks, a month, you're going to definitely come back and say, "Yo, and yo, I'm on to something now. I'm on to something." When you add to the mint work course, will you still get upgrades or there will be there will be no additional cost for everybody who takes advantage of early access. So, just so you know, early access is exactly what it sounds like. I haven't even officially dropped this yet. Early access is for Black Friday because I wanted to I thought Black Friday was the perfect day because I get to give it at a discount and let you guys get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] quick. I'm adding a lot more. Not just a little bit more. I'm adding a lot more. There's already a lot in there. Boom. Let them know if there's a lot in there. There's already a lot in there. I'm going to be adding more. And anybody who got it now ain't going to pay no extra. But by the time I add more, I'm going to be able to justify the higher price. So you guys getting it now is going to save you guys a whole bunch of money because I'm not budging on the price. I'm telling you, I budged on my master box and bundle. I budged on everything. Million-dollar mitts. I am not. This is my flagship offer is my flagship offer. Okay? And this is going to be something that I'm going to be selling for a lot of money in the future. And if people don't buy it, I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because I'm not budging on something that I know is going to make you not only a better trainer, a better coach, a lot of money. I already know. I already know. So, I'm not going to budge. So, this is your opportunity to get it right now for Black Friday at a ridiculous price. And I'm not I promise you we could have this talk in 60 days, 90 days because I'm going to be going live a lot. Y'all gonna be like, "Damn, Amler was serious." He's definitely not budging on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And I I can't, bro. I can't. This is You're looking at 25 years of dedication bundled up like 11 world championship corners, Olympic corners. Look, let me show you something real quick. Hold on. How do I show y'all this? Y'all see the pictures on the wall, right? [laughter] Like, how do I show? Damn. I wish I could Damn, I could You see the YouTube plaque over there? You see my Olympic plaque over there? Like, I got a lot. Damn. I got I'mma do a tour. I'mma do a tour for y'all and just show y'all the credentials. Like, I got a lot. I got a lot. You see the gym in the back, right? Like, I'm giving y'all the game, y'all. I'm not playing. and I want to see people succeed. I just want to be paid for my services. That's all. Like I tell everybody, there's no hidden agenda with Coach In. I just want to be paid and I want y'all to earn. I want y'all to succeed and I just want there to be an exchange. That's all it is, y'all. It's no gimmicks. It's no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know what I mean? It's just, hey man, he's charging for his services. What can we What do we expect? I go somewhere and I go for a haircut. I don't complain that I'm paying almost $100 for a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] haircut and I wear a hat every day. Like, it is what it is. That's the cost. But I'm getting what I paid for. And y'all are going to be getting more than what y'all paid for 100%. Thank you, bro. I appreciate it, bro. It's crazy. Beyond worth it. I appreciate it. Yes. VIP 20 for the master boxing bundle. Not for a million dollar mits. just for the master box and bundle. Now, the master box and bundle, let's talk about that for a second. That's 16 courses, y'all. 16 courses. Okay, so I think this is I've done this before, but I'm dead serious this time. I am going to eliminate selling these individual courses. I'm going to make the master boxing bundle one course. But right now, I've compiled 16 courses into a bundle. So, you have like build you from the ground on 1.0, 2.0, footwork drills, how to set traps and counter punch angles and how to create them, how to box from the outside, how to box from the inside, how to shadow box, the Philly shell system, 150 combinations, which is 50 head, 50 body, 50 head body. You got um how to box the opposite stance, which is how to fight a southpaw or southpaw, how to fight an orthodox fighter. So, like those are all the courses I made over the last decade and I've combined them into one bundle. So, when I first released a lot of these courses, I was selling them for $1,000 each. They were $9.97. Then I ended up dropping the price and because people were say, "Hey man, it's a little expensive. Can you drop?" Okay, cool. I dropped the price down. Next thing you know, I'm selling them for $1.97. I was selling them really for a long time for 2.99. They were selling for 300 for a long time, but then I dropped it down to 197. Then I did 97 for Black Friday. Right now, you can get an individual course for 47 bucks. A mini bundle for 47 bucks. Or you could just get the whole master boxing bundle for 267 bucks with the VIP 20 is 247 for 16 courses. So, like when you really think about it, if I do some math, / 16, you're paying $15. [laughter] You're paying $15 a course. At $247, you're paying $15 a course. You don't think that my information is worth $15? Of course, I'm just saying y'all like I'm not I'm not trying to bribe nobody. I ain't trying to break the bank, y'all. Just trying to get paid for my services. And truthfully, that's me slapping myself in the face. You feel me? Also, coach, you later on consider making a certified trainer of CA box. So, they will come to you and be tested for me. Yes, 100%. So that's going to be part of my inner circle. So when you get the ma the the million-dollar mitts, you'll be pushed to a page that will ask you if you want to be part of my inner circle. Okay? You could book a call with me. Now, of course, the inner circle is going to be an additional cost. But if you are interested in that, you book a call with me. We get on a call and then we come up with a game plan. And yes, a certification will definitely 100% be involved. So, that's definitely something. Did you get the master box and bundle? I mean, uh the the million-dollar mitts uh review to earn. Did you get the million dollar mix? you have it or you're about to purchase it and you're just curious. Haven't paid for it, but I know you the real deal. And Eddie helped my game a lot. Yeah, bro. Listen, bro. Grab it now. My email registration didn't come through for the early bird. I'm not sure what that means, bro. But right now, you are early bird. Anybody who gets it now is part of the early bird special. Okay, I'm running this right now. You still got an opportunity. I'm putting the link in there for you right now. Okay. So, if you get it now, you are early bird, but once this price goes up, you will no longer be early bird. So, no, you are maybe your email, you didn't get the email or whatever. I don't know why you didn't get the email, but if you just click that link that I just put in there right now, you can grab it this moment. No problem, bro. And now listen, you could book a call with me after you grab it and then we could talk about um we could talk about uh the you know the certifications and stuff. I'm actually going to be certifying a trainer very soon, a Muay Thai trainer. He's from Boston and he's already paid me for a certification. So, I'm going to be coaching him, teaching him some boxing that he could implement with his Muay Thai from the Mipwork course. So, it'll be really dope. Let me um let me get Instagram involved with this, man. I have not I have not gotten I didn't do a live stream on Instagram. I want to just go ahead and just let people know what I'm doing. I'm having fun, man. I'm chopping it with y'all tonight, y'all. I am not in a rush. We gonna hang out. I might even grab some coffee, man. I might even grab some coffee. So, listen. You know, usually I get out of here in an hour. I'm I'm chilling. [snorts] I'm chilling, bro. I'm chilling. So, if y'all if y'all down to hang out, we could do that. You feel me? Let me just go ahead and talk to the gram real quick. I have y'all say what's up to the gram live on Instagram right now. live on Instagram. But yo, YouTube, hang out with me, man. We chilling tonight, man. Go get yourself a drink. Go get a coffee. Get comfortable. Like, y ain't got nothing to do. I'm here with y'all tonight. Yo, what's going on? Instagram, what's good? Yo, Coach, what's good? Warehouse, what's good? Matteo Boxing, what up? How y'all doing? The Phenom, what up? How you doing, bro? King Richard, what up? How you doing? I am live on YouTube right now. Say what's up, YouTube. Say what's up. I'm live on YouTube right now, man. Original Gladiator. Yo, King Richard, bro. Go to my story, click the link, and get in here, man. Come hang out with me on YouTube, bro. Come hang out with me on YouTube. Original Gladiator School, what's up? How you doing? Pull up on me, man. I'm just, you know, I'm just live right now. Emlio, what's up, my guy? How you doing, bro? Yeah, I'm live on YouTube. We in the facility right now. We live. We just grinding out, yo. We just grinding. We chilling. It's Friday night. I'm not at the club. [laughter] I'm not at the bar. All right. Come over here to my YouTube channel and come hang out. Come out. If you ain't outside, if you ain't doing nothing, come chill, man. Come chill. We are live on YouTube right now. We are live on YouTube right now. Boxing for Life. Ronnie, what up, bro? How you doing? We are live on YouTube right now. We live on YouTube right now. Just kicking it, man. So, Rico Santana, what up, bro? We chilling. Mirror, what up, bro? I see you. Oh, shoot. Three weeks sober. That's what's up, bro. All right, Instagram, y'all dying on me, so I'm about to slide. I'm going back to YouTube. Y'all know where I'm at. I see you, Ronnie. What's good, bro? I'm on YouTube right now, guys. So, Instagram looks like it's dying on me, so I'm going back to YouTube. But if you guys go to the link, you guys can come chill with me in YouTube real quick. That's where I'm at. All right, y'all. Peace. Damn, my guy is My guy is three weeks sober. Shout out to you, bro. I didn't know that you had an issue with alcohol, man, or whatever you're dealing with. I don't know what you're sober from, but that's good for you, man. You know, I wanted to do something for December. Like I've always thought about personal development, like starting some sort of a personal development accountability type thing. Let me know if you guys think that that would be interesting. Or you guys only give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about me for boxing. You can be honest. It's all good. You can be honest, bro. But let me know, man, because December's coming up. I kind of want to do discipline Deceers, man. I've always said I wanted to do it, but now I'm freaking motivated to do it. How was your holiday? My holiday was great, bro. My holiday was great, man. Spent time with the family. Ate a lot. But it's all good because discipline December starts on Monday. So, you know, I can eat a little bit this weekend because on Monday, man, I'm going on a serious diet. I'm trying to buy Million-Dollar Mitch right now. Let's go. Soon as you buy it, let me know, Paul. Soon as you buy it, let me know, Paul. Super excited, man. Super excited for you, bro. You're going to love it. I promise you. Shout out to my man Paul Haynes. He's trying to buy Million-Dollar Mitch right now. He's about to buy it right now. As soon as you buy it, bro, let me know. Let me know. Let me know. Let me know. &gt;&gt; Paul, you just made my story. call backs. As soon as you get it, let me know. I'm leaving that comment right on the screen. Paul to [clears throat] you till you come through and say it's purchased. I'm waiting for that to come through. Any questions you guys got? [laughter] My man said, "Let's go, Paul." Listen, I'm hanging out, man. Any who wants to come up here and talk to me, man? Let me know if you want to come up here and talk to me. I'll send the link right now. We could talk right now. That's how I'm feeling right now. Should I go get a coffee? It's 11:26. Should I get a coffee and stay the hell up with y'all? We gonna pull a allnighter tonight. [laughter] Pause. You feel me? Like, let me know where y'all at with it, man. Let me call Eddie. See what Eddie doing. See if Eddie want to come hang out with us, man. Let me see, man. Let's see what Eddie doing, bro. Eddie's my bro. I love chopping it up with Eddie on these live streams. Calling Eddie Chambers direct. &gt;&gt; What's good, Eddie? You want to talk or you want to chop it up? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'mma send you the uh link to your um to your email. &gt;&gt; All right. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] y'all. I got Eddie Chambers on the way. I got Eddie Chambers on the way. Let's go. Paul Haynes backs Eddie Chambers. Yo, Rico, bro, I'mma be honest. I just told the whole story um literally in the beginning of the stream. You got to go back and watch this from the very beginning. I'll give you a short version right now, but you don't want to miss this. So, if you didn't see this from the beginning, as soon as this live ends, just watch it from the beginning. Um, basically, I started because I thought I could fight and I walked into a boxing gym thinking I could fight and I got my ass beat. Make a long story short, but I actually really did that. Now, hold on. Hold on. There is a part that I missed. There is a part that I missed, though. Hold on. The Master Boxing Bundle is the most complete bundle I own. And the way he teaches is straight to the point without the fluff. That's what I'm talking about right there. Hold on, man. That's got to go up. Did Paul, did you get the Did you get the million-dollar mints yet? The Master Boxing Bundle was the most complete bundle I own. And he the way he teaches it straight to the point without the bluff. Yo. Yo, thank you. Thank you, Paul, man. Thank you for this, man. Because I need testimonials. If you bought anything from me, I need testimonials, man. I need testimonials because I know for a fact that y'all learning. Hey, Coach Anthony. I purchased million-dollar [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Definitely up my game. I'm learning how to become a pad man. Sage Gear in the building. Shout out to Sage Gear, man. This guy does it all. Sage sells clothes. Okay. He sells clothes. He boxes. He takes pictures. He takes video. Okay. And um now he's learning how to be a Mman and he supports he actually bought it. So shout out to my guy Sage in the building supporting the brand. And uh yeah, bro. Listen. AI AI is stealing jobs, guys. AIS is stealing jobs. But you know what AI can't steal is your skill set getting in front of somebody with a pair of mits. Unless they create a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] robot, which they probably will in the next five years that can hold mits better than a human, you got yourself a good career path because you can charge a hundred, $200 an hour, eventually open up a facility, open up a gym. You see what I'm trying to say? There's all types of stuff you could do. It all starts with a pyramids and a skill set. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, bro. For sure. Coach, no days off. November reminded me to run through the master boxer. As you forget, it reminds you of the stuff you miss. 100%, bro. 100%. Hold on. Hold on. I got to get rid of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] live stream. I did not think my live got saved to the uh I gotta delete this. I'm tripping. This is the thing JOY [screaming] CHANGE. &gt;&gt; What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That was a long one right there. &gt;&gt; Hey yo, &gt;&gt; that's what I said. &gt;&gt; I did not call you on here for this, bro. &gt;&gt; No, my bad. Yo, Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z was really whing y when she was talking about you got to close your cheeks when you get into your box and stuff like &gt;&gt; cuz cuz we was talking about like how you get how you um you know have that little slight hip hinge and you know have bent knees or whatever &gt;&gt; and she like all you can squeeze your cheeks together. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she talking about cheeks bro. Nah, she's [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm like, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't help me none. That that that ain't what it is for me. [laughter] Hell to the no. Yo, that [laughter] yo, she said the cheeks together. No, we ain't we ain't on that type, John. We we different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, yo, Eddie, man. So, I I just gave a crazy story. I gave my whole backstory about how I got into boxing. You know, you know a lot of it. &gt;&gt; You know, I told my I walked into a gym, got my ass beat, thinking I could fight, and then from there turned into &gt;&gt; I don't remember the story. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Then it turned into me sticking around and, you know, training, eventually competing, and then eventually me going to a gym that had all the Lud Duva fighters. Vernon Forest, Cassim Uma, Danny Edward, um Vernon Forest, I think I said that already. Did I say Zach Jun already? Andrew Galada, &gt;&gt; uh Emanuel Augustus. &gt;&gt; Um me learning from all not only learning from the fighters but learning from the coaches. Me getting an opportunity to train with Johnny Bum City Bumpers who was a 1982 world champion. Um, even though I had an opportunity to fight pro, the amount of experience I got just being around the proximity of a lot of these top-notch fighters and then of course, you know, my amateur my amateur experience, which is nothing to brag about, but &gt;&gt; I always had good technical skills. And then from there, me going into opening a gym, you know what I'm saying? I told, like I told people when I first came up here, I was coming up here and I was sparring by myself. I'd go spar. Terrence caught them by himself. I go to Schulers where you was trained at, hook up with Buster and spar whoever he had me go. I'd go to Camden. Like I was sparring like I was just like a fighter and I was just trying to keep myself sharp. &gt;&gt; And then I told him how I met Hank Glundy. Hank Lundy actually &gt;&gt; worked my corner when I first met Hank, which is a funny story. I was sparring that 10th round uh in PA and uh Hank Lundy happened to be training there. saw me sparring somebody and I was kind of like having a hard spar with the dude. Like we was when I say hard, not that I was having a hard time for me, but more so like we was it was a rumble and Hank was like, "Yo, why you why you doing that?" He said, "Box." And I was like, "All right, cool." So then I I'm boxing him. I start boxing. I'm cooking the dude. And at the end of it, you know what I'm saying? Me and Hank, you know, kind I was like, "Yo, thank you for that." You know what I mean? So then me and Hank got, you know, exchanged information. And then Hank saw me holding mits for, you know, other people, for the people at my gym and stuff like that. And then Hank reached out to me and was like, "Yo, I really like how you hold Mits, bro." Like, "Yo, what's up? Would you help me get sharp for my next fighting Thomas Deli on HBO in Madison Square Garden?" I'm like, &gt;&gt; "Of course I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like what kind of question is that? Of course I will." So it was just an opportunity and then from there turned into him fighting more fights. Mauricio Herrera then Herrera then we fought Terence Crawford arguably the best fighter of this time of this particular era you know the last decade I'd say and I had an opportunity to say I've cornered against him &gt;&gt; then from there went from that to working with outlaw Eric Hunter who you obviously know &gt;&gt; of course &gt;&gt; working with oh and how can I forget King Mo I didn't even add King Mo &gt;&gt; King Mo was a big part of my journey and what's cool is King Mo was also &gt;&gt; being coached by Jeff Mayweather at the time. &gt;&gt; So Jeff Mayweather was his boxing coach and he called me in to be a boxing coach because he saw me training down an American Top Team with another fighter by the name of Brian Houston who was in the UFC at the time and King Mo saw me and was like, "Yo, who you train?" I said, "I train Hank Lundy, Outlaw Connor, blah blah blah." He's like, "Yo, Hank Lundy's my favorite fighter. Yo, would you be my boxing coach?" Make a long story short, I was like, "Yeah, for sure." So, I started working with King Mo. Uh, traveled the world. Been to Japan, been to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] UK, been to Ireland. Uh, been to Dubai. Uh, been to um, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what other countries have I been to, man? Been throughout the Caribbean islands, you know, Jamaica and been to Puerto Rico. Obviously, I'm Puerto Rican, but still Dominican Republic. Um, just a lot of different places. And it was all due to boxing. And on top of that, or not only about not to add all the traveling, man, me and you fought in California together. I was telling, damn, how did I forget that me and Eddie had fights together? I'm so used to us is working together on these horses that I forget that we actually fought a couple of guys. Um, but all of this started with understanding marketing, but not only understanding marketing, being good at what I do. But I'm proud to say I'm good at what I do. &gt;&gt; Just like I'm sure you're proud to say you was a very good professional fighter, you know, world class fighter. &gt;&gt; Like I'm trying to let people know like it all starts with the skill set. &gt;&gt; You feel me? It all starts with skill set &gt;&gt; and and if they just let people who's done it already guide them, how much quicker will they get there? What's your thoughts on that, Eddie? &gt;&gt; I actually agree. Um, I think obviously a lot of trainers, most trainers are guys who fought before, you know what I mean? Be it if they went professional or even didn't go professional. I don't think Emanuel Stewart ever turned pro and Emanuel Stewart became one of the greatest trainers there was. I mean, you got other guys like Freddy Roach who was, you know, a decent fighter but was never really the big- time fighter. Um, now you got [clears throat] guys coming around like, you know, Willie Scott who's a former fighter, um, getting a lot of, you know, a lot of press. He used to because of who he been working with, working with Deontay and all. And even Jonathan Banks, Jonathan Banks is obviously another former fighter too that's out here, you know, but then you look at the Buddy McGurts, you know what I mean? Buddy McGurt, one of the top pound fighters at one time being a great trainer, you know what I mean? So, I think it's it's just like anything else. It's like any other sport. You know, there's a certain fraternity of guys. Now [clears throat] granted, there are very few that ever get in here and get it to that fraternity who hasn't fought. Typically, it's going to be somebody who has experience along with the information. Now, there are guys who didn't fight. &gt;&gt; And it's crazy you say that, yo, and I don't mean to cut you off, &gt;&gt; but shout out to Mickey Bay because I remember when I was hanging out &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; We all know that Mickey Bay uh is was a great fighter. A good fighter. Very good. Obviously said very good fighter. could have been great that I don't think he got the opportunity to show how great he was but &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; very good fighter obviously and I was with him in Vegas and we was talking about me and we was talking about how I never fought pro. He said yeah and you never fought pro. He said, "But you're in the fraternity." And when he said that, it was like it made me feel good because it's like &gt;&gt; at least I know the guys at your level, guys like yourself, Eddie, guys like guys like that, like they still respect me enough to say you're in the fraternity because I've proven my work over the years. You know what I mean? I'm not just trying to like boast about myself, but I want the people know me and who don't know me to know a little bit more about me. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; No. 100%. like um most if not all you you got the calls, you know what I mean? From those elite trainers. Speaking of elite [clears throat] trainers that don't have to necessarily be elite fighters, the one of the ones that come to mind is Terence Crawford's trainer, Bolt Mack. He ain't got you ain't got to be the best fighter in the world to become one of the best trainers in the world. It's all about the knowledge. You know, some guys aren't going to end up being great fighters. There's opportunity issues. there's, you know, maybe their their mentality at the time wasn't, you know, for what it was, what what what it needed to be to be a great fighter, you know what I mean? Discipline things, you know what I mean? But as you get older, you get wiser. And sometimes you, you know, those who can't do necessarily teach. And that's what happens uh and what happened to some of these other guys. But that, like I said, that comes with experience. The more time you spend doing it, you know what I mean? be it either you a fighter or a trainer, you know what I mean? Um, you just got to stick with it. And a lot a lot of these guys um there, you know, like even myself, like I I'm I'm not what you want to call a great trainer yet. I haven't had an opportunity to become uh a great trainer, but I'm really knowledgeable about boxing and I've learned from a lot of the greats. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? I think I think being a trainer is no different than being a fighter. It's all about putting the reps in and having &gt;&gt; and having the experience on the other side because I think that when fighters become trainers, &gt;&gt; it's a learning curve of not could do what you could do. Not every &gt;&gt; and not everybody has the same mentality that you particularly have. So you're you learning how to adjust &gt;&gt; to the fighter at just as important as the fighter adjusting in the fight. Likeach has to adjust to a different like me. I've worked with you. I've worked with Raymond Ford. I've worked with Tevin Farmer. I've worked with Hank Lundy. I've had little, you know, my amateur team, you know, that was very successful at my old gym. And now we're building up a whole different group of guys. guys like Javon right now who's one of our noviceses who you know has three amateur fights or four amateur fights he's I think he's three in one or something right now and him fighting totally different than like Nas or Nas totally different than like I don't know Ma or Ma's fighting different than Omar right like &gt;&gt; learning that everybody has their own personality that goes with their own natural inclinations attributes and stuff like And I think once a fighter can learn &gt;&gt; how to adjust to those personality types, &gt;&gt; that the limit because you already been in the ring a thousand times. You already been punched in your face a thousand times. You've already been knocked out before. You got experience that I don't have as a fighter. Like, yes, I feel like I could box just as good as anybody, but I've never done it under those lights like you have. So you being a guy who's done it under those lights, all you have to do now is learn how to adapt to all different personality types. And I think after that, [clears throat] bro, it's like what can't you do? You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Right. Right. I I agree. And and and like you said, you got the main thing is understanding not everybody is you and not everybody's going to be a seasoned fighter as soon as they step into the ring. Even as a professional, it takes time to develop that. And also we got to understand that being a trainer is also being um a personal like I don't want to say a friend but to a degree something like that. You know what I'm saying? You got to kind of understand who it is and understand their personality. It's a personal relationship just like pause if [laughter] you had a girlfriend right but you have so you have to understand the the lines you cross and you don't cross with them. You know what I'm saying? You got to know how to talk to them. You got to know how to, you know, communicate in other ways. Body language. You got to understand things about the fighter that [clears throat] that maybe, you know, the regular another person might not. You know what I'm saying? So you can have that relationship, develop that chemistry with them so that the relationship can cultivate them into a fighter that may be something to be reckoned with down the line. You know, a champion or, you know, high level contender. Because let's not get fooled and think that every single fighter we ever work with or every fighter that we know or we or we are tied to is going to be championship level. But we can try to do the best that we can turn them into the best fighter they can be. &gt;&gt; Let me read this comment out loud. I love comments like this, especially since I'm trying to sell the freaking system right now. I finished million-dollar miss a day and I love the technical breakdowns, the body roll row, the counters, the cash flow. The whole course is great. I'm gonna implement this with my clients on Sunday. Now, what I really love about what he just said was he's gonna implement it with his clients on Sunday. He actually is the one who brought it up to my attention like, "Yo, aunt, can I write this off? I have a LLC." I'm like, "Yes, you can write it off." And what's beautiful about that is he understands investing into something so he can go ahead and monetize it and basically make all his money back. like that's all he's going to do is take the skill set and make all his money back because people are going to now see him. And he's a guy who knows how to box. I've actually done Zoom calls with him and stuff like that during COVID. He knows how to box. He understands boxing and um he might have even fought a few times. Yeah, I think you fought, right? You showed me a few of your fights, right? Let me know in the chat. I'm pretty sure it was him. But anyway, now people are going to go to him and see him holding the mits and all this and they can be like, "Yo, I want to learn that." You know what I mean? And that's where he's going to go ahead and be even better at what he does. And like I said, the course we're going to continue to update it, guys. So, if you go ahead and get it this weekend, you are going to be grandfathered in. Like, it's really a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nobrainer. Like, seriously, man. Like Eddie, man, like you've been holding MITs now for about a year as a coach consistently. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; what's your thoughts about MIT work and how do your clients like it and how do the members that you work with like it? Like tell me and how do you like it as just somebody who's on the other side? &gt;&gt; Honestly, um, if it ain't for Mitts and a lot of especially when you doing personals, I mean, there's so many things that you can do with them, you know what I mean? I think personally a lot of guys who are new or just learning in general should be shadow boxing as much as possible, but a close second and it's more so the desire from the clients. They all love to hit mids and don't get me wrong, I enjoy holding them. Um, you know, I do it for, you know, several fighters. obviously our fighters in the gym, people who are brand new to people who are they who've been doing who've been boxing for years and everybody seems to absolutely love the Mits. It's a skill set that is almost that is paramount for any person who is training. Even if you're a fitness trainer and you add this to that part of your game, this can get you so many more clients. Even [clears throat] if you even if like, yo, you know, you you could one day say to your client, hey, you ever think about doing any boxing? I'm like, uh, they said, uh, not really, but well, how about this? I got some gloves here. Let's let's do a little bit of a a warm-up with the mits. Put them gloves on. They hit the mits for the first time ever, even if they may don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it and they don't know how to hold their hands that well, they're going to absolutely love it. Because I'm telling you, I've seen it. I've seen people for the first time they hit MITs and then they come back to you every day like, "Oh, can I do that again? Can we do some mits, you know, all of the guys in the gym like I'll be sitting in the ring for like two, three hours sometime almost the entire time that we're in the gym doing the training sessions and the classes and people will be consistently I'm in doing the mits. Like I said, I'll be in the ring for three hours." So medits, the the pads, whatever you want to call them, are a are paramount or extremely important for trainers going forward. This is going to be something that people need uh that people want. That's going to make you a hell of a lot of money if you if you uh do it right. You can figure out a way to monetize what you what you learn here from uh from an &gt;&gt; No, man. For sure, man. you know, and you see, you know, I've seen a lot of trainers try to bash mit work and &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; you know, they try to talk bad on mitwork and I get it. &gt;&gt; See, there's a difference between a fighter who relies on MIT work &gt;&gt; and getting good MIT work. Like, you have to understand the difference. Like, if you're a fitness client and you know, you're not trying to be a fighter, then hey, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mwork is great. If you're a fighter and you want to work on a specific thing that needs to be worked on or you just want to work through like just a bunch mint work is great. The problem comes in when people rely on only mitt work like they're not motivated to hit a heavy bag. They're not motivated to do their core. They're not motivated to do their road work. They're avoiding sparring. They're avoiding shadow boxing. They're avoiding strength work and strength. Now we got a problem. But as an but as a part of a training protocol, if you have a good mit guy, that is a fantastic addition to your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] training because it's like you're sparring without sparring. &gt;&gt; And especially if you get somebody who's teaching you the right way. And then when you add the little flash and dazzle that we like to add, the real fancy stuff, it just makes fun. So, all these trainers out here who try to bad talk uh mit work, chances are they're not good at mit work or they don't want to hold mits because they're lazy and fat and out of shape and they don't want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do any work. They just want to sit down on a chair and point their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] finger or they just want to sound smarter than what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they are so they can sound cool by saying, "Ah, this guy didn't hit MITs. This guy didn't hit ms." Yeah, congrat fuckations. But a lot of fighters do hit mits and a lot of fighters get good mit work and a lot of fighters are winning their fights. And we're not saying that MITs is the only thing that's going to help you become a fighter. Or we're not saying MITs is the only part of boxing implementation, but the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] speed bag is part of the boxing routine, the heavy bag, the double end bag, the shadow boxing, the sparring, the drills, the mit work, the jump rope, the core. It's all part of a synergy. I've been talking about the synergy all day. That's everything working together as one. You know, today Eddie, when we when I was holding mits for &gt;&gt; uh one of our female members in the gym, Z, shout out to Z. That's the CA boxing queen. You know what I'm saying? Shout out to Z. &gt;&gt; Z, I couldn't see what I wanted to see. So, what did I do, Eddie? I handed you the mits. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And then I stood on the outside and I was looking at her form and technique from the outside. And then the same thing vice versa. When I was holding the mits, I was asking your opinion from the outside. So sometimes we hold the mid, sometimes I implement an extra set of eyes to help. Like it's all about &gt;&gt; getting the athlete to do what they have to do. And a lot of the times the mit work is the motivator and the way to get them to do it because it's very personal. You feel me? &gt;&gt; That is 100% factual. You know, a lot of people want to don't don't want to think about how important the personal part of personal training is. Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; That Yeah, that the relationship you have with the fighter or the client is an extremely important part of retaining them. If you have a, you know, strictly professional, don't really pay attention to them that much, don't find out the ins and outs or work on work on their technique or work on things that they may be interested in, chances are you might lose that client, you know what I mean, in the long run. But especially if they can find a better, you know, better uh trainer like, you know, Coach Anthony or Eddie Chambers, maybe if you don't if you don't focus on them and give them enough attention in the ways they they deserve, especially if they're paying you money, most likely you're going to lose that client. So, the idea is to give them what they're expecting, but also give them a little more. You know what I mean? Show them the right attention. Give them show them that if they weren't with you, right? or when they're not with you that they're going to miss coming in and getting working pads and you know the bagging the information you know what I mean they're looking at videos and they're watching other people and saying damn you know what I mean I'm learning how to do this in person with two great trainers or one great trainer depending on the situation but this is what you need to hear and you need to have with your client you got to have that good relationship that you also got to be really be able to give them solid information and if you can't do that what we No, facts 100%, man. Now, what I was also telling people about today, because I was talking to a guy today, I had a coaching call with a guy today and we were talking about the master boxing bundle and he was just like, "How do you sell it for so cheap?" Like I know this sounded like an infomercial today, but of course it is because this is my one opportunity Black Friday for you guys to get my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at a ridiculously cheap price. And I'm Eddie I'm surprised like like so you know with the with the master bundle he was like yo um uh he was like how do you do it for so cheap? I'm like bro I I'm not trying to break the bank, you know what I mean? But at the same time I want people to afford it. I want them to have the information. He paid like $8,000 for somebody to give him some information that he said hasn't even made him any money back, right? And I'm just like, bro, you can literally get the million-dollar MITs course &gt;&gt; and you'll start making money like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Monday if you just promote yourself. Like, &gt;&gt; and guys are spending $8,000 to these marketing companies that are giving them generic information. Like, we're giving you specialized information. You know, the master boxing bundle also is not just for the fighter. A lot of people look at it as just for the fighter, but really a coach could watch it and be like, "Oh, that's how I'm going to teach my students. That's what the freaking guy did who was 16 and one from Dubai. Like, I'm using it for my He's a fighter, bro. 17 pro fights." I'm like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you What do you want to learn from me?" He's like, "Man, everything." I'm like, "Okay, cool." You know what I'm saying? So, &gt;&gt; that's right. It's crazy, man. Guys, &gt;&gt; Anthony, right? &gt;&gt; Right now, and you guys are in the chat right now. I'm going to go ahead and put the link again for the million-dollar Mitch. And I want you guys to ask us some questions. Man, listen. It's not every day. I know you guys are getting used to us being live every single day. I know you guys are getting used to us being live, but I won't be going live every single day forever. You know what I mean? There's going to be days I'm not going to be live. So, you guys want to take advantage of this. Talk to me. Talk to Eddie. You know what I'm saying? Eddie, let's talk about you a little bit, man. What's new with your channel? was new with Fight Like a Pro. Let them know how they could find you. Let them know what you got going on, what you got cooking. &gt;&gt; Well, well, just trying to bring an extension of good boxing, man. Like you see like you get at this channel. Um it's it's we're [clears throat] now starting to put out the shorts and different things that um that you know like quick little hitters of information [clears throat] things that uh you know quality real time real life boxing things that can work. No, no, no. Like I said, no different than this channel has been producing than what we've been talking about for for years. But it's not I don't even say a different spin, you know what I mean? It's just boxing. It's just different information from a different s from a different source with the idea of getting out getting out there uh professional kind of level training, but with all from a fighter's perspective. You know what I'm saying? From like like examples of how to do moves that I've actually done inside the ring. stuff that fit my style, but stuff that can fit another person's style who who may not fight exactly like me, but they could take bits and pieces from it. You understand what I'm saying? Um, situational things, situational breakdowns, um, you know, things that could even help you with self-defense. Uh, all kinds of different things, man. There's just so much to offer. There's so much to talk about there. &gt;&gt; No, 100%. And I think listen man, even though you've been part of my channel for so long and you've basically &gt;&gt; done stuff for so long as a demonstrating partner on my channel and &gt;&gt; people and you probably say to yourself, "Fuck, man. What else can I be part of?" Like, I've already [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done so much on Ant's channel like we and you know, me and you think so much alike when it comes to boxing. We have a lot of similarities. You know what I mean? It's still what I tell people is the devil is in the details. So, There's little details that maybe I say a certain way or maybe you say a certain way. Certain preferences that you may have that maybe I may have. And even though we're partners and we look at things very similarly, you might say something in a way that ah I might say something in a way ah so then it becomes a thing where it's like &gt;&gt; well I'm glad I heard Eddie say it that way because &gt;&gt; I didn't think of it that way or I like how coach explained this this way because I didn't think of it that way. So it's like &gt;&gt; getting it from you because you've been just, you know, a lot of the times you've been mute on my channel. You just been showing it now to get to hear you talk about it. Now it's like, okay, that's cool to hear Eddie talk and explain. So if you're not subscribed to Eddie's channel, y'all need to get over there because he's giving y'all abundance of game. You're talking about 25 years of freaking pro fight experience. He's obviously all over my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if he wasn't on my courses. If I have him on my courses, chances are I think very highly of him. So, you guys definitely get over to his channel and uh check out what he's got going on because I'm sure he's going to have some gems and stuff early next year that he's probably going to be providing that you guys are going to want to jump on. Like, the goal is education, guys. Like, if we're not getting better, you're getting worse. Phil Jackson said it the best. I know you a basketball guy. If you're not already know, &gt;&gt; you're getting worse. And this is a freaking fact. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There is no such thing as this. This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Anybody who thinks this is life, oh, I'll just chill right here. No, it doesn't work like that because you get older. Your body don't work the same. Inflation, financial, if you're doing this, this is what's really happening. You just don't notice it. You just don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] notice it. You got to get better just to keep up because as you're getting better, life is getting harder. And guess what? Now you can rise. But if you think that you're just gonna [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh yeah, I'm cool where I'm at. Well, if you're cool where you're at, let's just say you were cool where you're at 20 years ago when $10 an hour was a decent job. Do you think you'd be surviving right now? If you was &gt;&gt; cool, you know, when you got in shape for the first time and you said, "I don't got to work out no more. I'm in shape." Do you think you still be in shape? You see what I'm trying to say? Like always got to get better. You got to stay on top of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Imagine you still dressing the way you dress back in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Actually, you might get away with it now because the way fashion is, [laughter] but you know what I mean? You're going to look like, you know, outdated as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like, you got to keep up. You got to keep up with yourself. You got to get better. You got to continue learning. Even me as a coach, even me as a course creator, even me as a YouTuber, even me as a gym owner, I was asking members today in the gym, what can we do in the gym to make your experience better? They're like, I didn't think about it because I love the experience here. I'm like, "Yeah, that's it." But &gt;&gt; still, I want people to say, &gt;&gt; "I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love it here." I want people who buy my courses to say, "That was the best [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] course I ever bought in my life." I want people to say, "This was the best live stream I spent two hours on." That's what I want people to say. And if they're not saying it, that's okay. They will say it eventually, hopefully, because I'm going to work toward constantly getting better. Getting better. You feel me? &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. Yeah. you're not working hard to to improve. Yeah. Typically, you're going to go down. You know what I mean? You don't want to feel safe. You don't want to feel okay. You want to feel great [snorts] at all times with your workload. You know what I mean? You got to be ambitious about where you are or where you want to be or where you want to go. You know what I mean? There still needs to be that up that that need to go up cuz if you're not going up, staying staying even, staying level is not necessarily a good tactic for for improving in the future. Yeah, let's ask my guy. Let's ask my let's let's My boy asked a few questions. Let me see what he's saying. Coach started boxing in 19. How much time would it take to become a successful pro champion? Well, I got a little experience uh with this situation because I work with a fighter by the name of Kevin Farmer. who started at 19 years old and he became a world champion when he was 28 years old. So, let's do some math here. Eddie, when did you fight for the world title? &gt;&gt; When I was 28 years old. &gt;&gt; 28 years old. So, it took a little longer. &gt;&gt; Took you know why. You know why it was for me. I turned pro at 18, but I only had four years amateur. &gt;&gt; Okay, hold on hold on. Okay, so there you go. So on average, we're talking about a 10-year professional run. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; On average, because you started at 18, you fought pro when you were 20, you w you fought for the world title at 28. Kevin started at 19, he fought for the world championship at 28. So you might have fought at 27, the first for the first title, which was Kenichio. So it's about a 10y year. &gt;&gt; We're talking about a 10-year average here. That's not a bad average &gt;&gt; any depending on how good you was in as an amateur. But if you take into consideration amateur pedigree, it could be longer. &gt;&gt; Well, like with me initially, I was 25 when I fought Povkin. &gt;&gt; I was 25 about to be 26. 26. And the only reason I didn't fight for the title at 27 26 years old cuz I would have probably fought Vladimir at that time is if I because I lost to Pavin which was the eliminator the first eliminator I had. So I had to wait a couple years before I got another opportunity. And and and once I did, well, I had to wait another year or so before I got another opportunity cuz that fight was it when I was about when it was what 2008. I actually got the fight for Vladimir in 2010, but I fought for the second eliminator just the following year in '09. You know what I mean? But um yeah, so I could have gotten it a little earlier, but it just the way the you know the way the ball bounces sometimes. So actually close to about 10 years. or about 10 years. It's not a bad not a bad uh average. Maybe might be less for like you said guys who are more experienced coming out of the amateurs. You know what I mean? Lachenko being one who who got it right away. &gt;&gt; Coach, what do you think Tevin's best at in his game? I think he's got really good instincts, really good uh upper body movement when he's on point. Um, I think he does a great job of slipping and rolling other shots and timing shots defensively. Um, I don't necessarily know that he's actually I wouldn't I don't I wouldn't say like everything that he does is something that he was taught. I feel like he's a natural at a lot of what he does. But for me, um, I think it's just his instincts. Really good instincts defensively when he's on top of his game. When he's at his best, his defensive instincts are really, really, really good. Very difficult to hit. &gt;&gt; He's superb fighter. You know what I mean? Superb. &gt;&gt; I really like watching him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Very similar to a James Tony, man. A lot of people forel, but I think he's more like James. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; That's the South Pole version. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Eddie, bro. So, &gt;&gt; how about you, man? Anything anything in particular in your boxing that you could remember that you could share with the people that you think is like a something that they might not know about you? &gt;&gt; Well, I say h you know, how about this? Um I've been to I don't know if you know this is something that is known but I've been to a lot a lot of camps and this is something more so for the fighters and people interested in um you know being professional or getting uh you know just just understanding what it's like and what the journey is about. Um, I've been to I don't know how many I can't even count how many professional camps, how many top level um, professional camps that I've been to. But that's part of the journey of getting of getting better and understanding your worth as a fighter. Because when you first go to these camps, you're, you know, you could be a little starruck, a little uh a little um, you know, nervous, a little worried, just like I'm my ass about all these good fighters. But once you get in there and you start to understand, especially if you are a good young fighter and you got skills and you're this and that and you put a lot of work in that you're you're you're actually able to be competitive with them and understand that this is part of the journey to get better. And even if you are having a hard time, even if you are getting in there and you're struggling with some of these guys that that this is an important part of the journey to get to get better to to understand that it's possible to to improve enough, not just from [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] being at that camp, but consistently being in the gym and going to different ones, you know what I mean? Even if you're going and getting your ass kicked every single time you go to one of these is giving you information, you know what I mean? is you're downloading, you're understanding this style might be difficult for me and these are the different things that I can do. And when I first went to like the UK and I got with the the Fury camp, you could believe that the the the you know, working with Tyson and and Huey and, you know, all the other different fighters that they were bringing was hard at first, especially when I was trying to get myself in shape and at a slightly older age of 32, which 30, well 31, 32, it's not old, but at, you know, in that at that time, you know, being in there with them 21 and 25 y old and all these young [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's running around doing things easily when I got to kind of stretch and warm up before I get started. &gt;&gt; It's not as easy. You know what I'm saying? It's not as easy. &gt;&gt; But, you know, when you when you put the work in, you put in the time, you put in the rounds, &gt;&gt; you get better. So, I would recommend for all the guys who, you know, are amateurs getting ready to go to turn pro or, you know, amateurs just trying to get better and trying to figure out a way to to improve their game. That would be a way is if you got connections, you know, with with some people around, you know, gym some gym owners, some some some professional uh, you know, promoters, some you may know if you maybe think about turning pro. I think it's really important that you talk to them and try to get put into some of these professional level camps, you know what I mean? When guys got fights coming up, jump in there, try to learn from them, you know what I mean? Get some, you know, Monty Bear was one of the first camps I went to. &gt;&gt; I don't know if I talked about this. &gt;&gt; Shout out to Monty Barrett, man. He showed me so much when he met you, man. Shout out to Monty. &gt;&gt; Same here. And me and Steve, me and my brother Steve went up to that camp, man. He up there. He's in a car driving us different places, but there ain't much out there in them Cat Skills, you know what I mean? where we was at, but he would take us different places like tickets to the city or whatever. We go get movies and different stuff like that. But he would tell he would give us game about some of the basic things that we should be looking for. What what's up with some of these managers, some of these promoters, you know what I mean? But also, he was giving us he was giving me game in the ring and I was able to learn some things from him, you know what I And as we were up there working, I worked with him for uh uh Dominic Gwyn and I forget who the other fight was I worked with him for, but I think he won both fights. And you know, he it was it was an experience that I will always remember and I'll appreciate him for forever. So, you know, that was one. My guy Sim Rockman is another one that we worked with and and all of these guys were giving us game. And it's extremely important that we use some of these guys who were already at the high level. You know what I mean? Sometimes not always the trainer. Sometimes it's the peer, your peers that can help you, guys who you may be fighting with who's a little more experienced. So, if y'all can please work your way into some of these camps, learn from these guys. You might get beat up a little bit, but it's worth it. And yo, listen, man. It doesn't have to be these top guys because a lot of the people in the chat listening might just be regular people learning how to compete, right? So, let's just say I give you an example. Let's just say you're a local guy and you never boxed before, right? And you're and if you take Eddie's advice at your level, &gt;&gt; more so like come down to CA boxing gym and come train with us &gt;&gt; and then you'll learn how to behave like a fighter. Then once you're here and you get better, then we'll start looking for higher level guys for you to be part of their particular camp. So what Eddie was talking about was more so like, &gt;&gt; you know, as a professional, &gt;&gt; but maybe you're not a professional, but just being around the right atmosphere is damn near like being in a camp. So get in where you fit in, if that makes any sense. The whole point is get around people that are doing what you're trying to do and doing at a high level. You know what I'm saying? I'mma take a quick back break. I'mma play this commercial. Then I'mma show them a quick teaser from the course since you guys been sticking around. I'mma show you guys a teaser and show you guys a little bit behind the scenes of what we done on the million-dollar mitts and maybe even a little bit more after that, man. So, check out this commercial. I'm use the bathroom real quick for million-dollar mitts. Why did I call this million-dollar mitts? Cuz I'm going to make you look like a million bucks, man. As long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a pair [music] of mits. I'm going to level up your mid game [music] 100%. I got a lot of things to say about Mitt Work because Mitt work literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's his full name? What's Coach Anthony? Is Anony's first name? Was Anony's last name? &gt;&gt; Anthony Rodriguez. Coach Anthony. [music] &gt;&gt; A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer. You know, Mits was really what people [music] hired me for. Right. [laughter] Working with professional fighters [music] that put me in world title corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. [music] &gt;&gt; This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, you want to do [music] it the right way. I like to think that I'm a person who can teach you how to do this at the highest level. Considering I've been to the highest level of boxing rounds and you're a world champion, you got to work. He is a [music] defending world champion fighting tonight with head trainer Freddy Anthony. &gt;&gt; Work with some of the best boxers in the world. [music] Mitts is what literally [music] put me in that position. You could be a great coach. You could be a great teacher. You could be a great personal [music] trainer, &gt;&gt; but this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people [music] look at you and make people say, "Hey, man. That guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person. [music and singing] &gt;&gt; I'm going to teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this [music] course that's going to help level you up. Can't hate on you no more, man. You got a chance. &gt;&gt; Show them. Whoa. You see that? &gt;&gt; All right, we are back. Milliondoll Mits is now freaking available, guys. Early access. So, let me explain to you real quick what early access means. Early access basically means I haven't even did a complete drop on this. That means I'm going to be adding more videos to this. That means that I'm going to be charging more money for this. Early access means since you believe in me and you believe in my brand, you're going to get it early at the best price. And whenever I add anything new to it, you're already grandfathered in. So, you're basically getting something that's going to cost a lot more, a lot less, and you're actually getting it sooner because I don't want to make my people wait any longer. People have been asking me for this for about two years. Who is this for? This is for people who want to be trainers, who want to become better trainers, personal trainers, who want to add something different to their game, who want to be able to give their clients a boxing workout instead of telling them go on the freaking treadmill and walk 10,000 steps or go on the stairm, right? You can actually put them through a nice routine. This is for a father who wants to coach his kids at home or a mother who wants to coach their kids at home who doesn't necessarily have access to a trainer like myself or Eddie Chambers and you're like, "You know what? I'd rather do it myself. I just don't know what I'm doing." Well, you don't know what you're doing. Don't worry. I'mma teach you how to do it. And I'm going to show you how basic it is because I'm going to show you one of the most basic videos in the whole particular course, which is how to do a jab. So, I was watching it earlier and I was like, "Oh, this is pretty cool to show people." Because people think Eddie like, you know, everything's got to be so complicated. You feel me? But &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; I'm going to go ahead and just show them one of the modules real quick. Let me go ahead and find this real quick. Uh, boom. So, can you see the screen, Eddie? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; All right. So, look this. Before we get to Million-Dollar Myths, let's just say you get the master box and bundle, guys, right? Which is ridiculously cheap. Cheap. I found this on the &gt;&gt; Hold on. My bad, Siri. Let's just say you get the master boxing bundle and which is the cheapest I've ever sold it for the record. This is what it's going to look like when you get into like a client portal. Oh, damn. I clicked one of the courses. My bad. Okay, so this is what it looks like in the client portal. So, as you can see, you got everything here. Look at Eddie Chambers right there. You know what I'm saying? Look, Eddie Chambers again. Look at him all over the damn place. Right. So, you know, you're in the client portal, you're going to see &gt;&gt; you're going to have your options or whatever courses you want to watch, right? Let's just say for instance, I choose uh angles on how to create them, right? Look at all the modules you're getting. Right? So, this is just one out of 16 courses. One out of 16 courses. You can get all 16 for 267 bucks. You hear what I said, Eddie? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's crazy, right? Think about that. &gt;&gt; That is a little Even Even one of the people who purchased it said that. So, I think I think he's not wrong. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, bro. I had a guy tell me he spent $8,000 for a marketing course and he didn't learn [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Now, look, we're going to go ahead and look like this is how to set traps and counter punch. Like, okay, like I can click any of these and you're going to get a bunch of value from it. But I just want to show y'all like this is one course out of 16. Okay. Okay, so you're getting 16 courses for over 90% off. That's the master box and bundle. I didn't even put that in the link uh description. I'm going to do that next. But this is million-dollar limits. This is what's out right now. And I can give you a little quick peak of how it's going to look when you enter here. And this is just early access. Okay. So, let me go ahead and go to the beginning on how to catch a jab. I showed the hook yesterday. I might show the hook again today, Eddie, because I give some real some cool stuff with the hook. And this is just to give you guys a preview to show you. I'm not trying to like hide what's in this because I'm gonna be adding so much, &gt;&gt; but this is the experience. So Eddie, can you see the screen? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we're going to start off with, you know, the jab, the first punch and boxing. I'm going also teach you the basics of holding M. So, again, guys, this is about holding the mits, not so much about teaching your fighter how to box. All right? So, that's just something that we got to make sure we're clear on. But, uh, let's just go ahead and go here. This is Oh, the hell did I just press? Okay, here we go. Mets, right? So, um, right now what I'm going to do is when I catch the jab, obviously you're going to see that I'm going to slightly press in. Now, what you don't want to do is this. Throw a jab. You don't want to bring your hand so aggressively to the punch that you end up choking the shot, right? And me personally as a orthodox, right, orthodox and an orthodox fighter, I like to catch the jab with my right mid. Okay? And the reason for that is throw a jab. It kind of keeps his form and technique good. Okay? Especially if he's stepping right to me. Now, you're going to also see times where I catch it with my left hand, and we'll talk about that in other modules later on throughout the course. But basically, what I'm going to do now, he's going to throw the jab, and I'm going to [snorts] see I'm going to let him get a full extension. I'm just going to make sure that I put just enough into the catch just so he can feel the impact. Okay. So, he's going to do one more time. Jab, jab, jab. See, I don't got to be like a lot of mint people in the beginning, they want to just like press so hard into the shot because that's how they feel like they're going to get that loud clap pause. But, yo, I can't [laughter] I'm Yo, we left that in there, Eddie. Yo, that's that's Wow. That's [laughter] [gasps] That's good though. You should leave it in there. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Cuz now there's evidence of you doing that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It ain't just me, mother. &gt;&gt; Yo, the loud clap pause. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's That's bugged out. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. want to just like press so hard into the shot because that's how they feel like they're going to get that loud clap pause. But [laughter] I can't I'm throw the jab. Don't throw the jab. Another [snorts] reason why I like to catch the hand with the right hand for me orthodox or the rear hand or whatever is if he circles me when he c throws a jab, I can catch it with this hand. Dop triple triple it pop. So if I'm here with him, notice pop. Do it again. Triplet. Okay. So, you see I I got that right hand here. He's stepping to his left and it kind of keeps him in a good technique, right? I mean, I can technically do it like this. Go ahead. Do it. It's not a big difference, but for me, it's like I'm keeping guiding him on the outside. So, that's my preference. You can also catch the jab with the lead hand. Go ahead. Throw it. Jab. Jab. Step around me. You don't like doing it with the lead hand as much, guys? Uh Eddie, and tell me your thoughts on this now that you're holding mits. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, &gt;&gt; when I'm getting a guy to circle because I like I'm getting them to punch across their body a little bit where I want to kind of keep them punching on that &gt;&gt; on that angle the way they're supposed to. You feel what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; 100%. And I I'm catching so much more with my right hand than my left, you know, when it comes to that, especially with an Orthodox guy that it's just it's crazy. Yeah. I'm so used to doing it that way now. And I remember and I learned it from you and I remember we was talking about it because I was thinking about, damn, wouldn't it just be better if I use my left hand? It's a lot easier than, you know, I can keep my, you know, the right hand and play with the other hand. It just makes it easier from that. So you transition better. But now I'm like, nah, I like the right hand. And I understand why because it keeps, like you said, it keeps it in line. Plus, like I'll even do the one, two on one pad most of the time now because it kind of actually mimics mimics ahead, right? Like if you're trying to land a shot at the on the head, you know what I mean? It's going to be a it's not going to be one pad way on the other side and then the other pad on the other side. You know what I'm saying? So I it's typically going to be in the straight line or at least kind of on a straight line depending on if the guy moves his head or not. Um but yeah, so I try to keep it pretty streamlined, pretty good, pretty on pretty much on one pad, you know, when it comes with the straight shots or at least like the one two. But definitely the value of having it on the right hand with the jab is for orthodox guy is I think is really really good. &gt;&gt; Do that too. Not going to say you can't, but I'm just telling you my preference. So, if you want to go ahead and adopt my ideology on it, just catch a jab with this hand most of the time. And then in the future when we do like combinations, we'll talk about catching it like this or whatever. Another thing you don't want to do also is like have your arms way out here. Like that's like crazy. I try to keep my hand almost in the same position as if I'm fighting. So like when he throws that jab, bang. You notice my hand is here. Like it's not outside. That's how you hurt your shoulder. That's how you mess up the technique of the fighter or the or the client, whatever you're working with at that time. So, &gt;&gt; now, how do you feel, Eddie? Like, you see how I talk about like catching the hand, &gt;&gt; catching the hand like a fighter, do you think catching can help you with your defense? &gt;&gt; What? Yo, I'm glad you said that. That made me think about and this and it's part of the reason why like when we went when right before we opened the gym, I had we was with my guy Jose. remember you know you know we our guy Jose and I would be I would have like the big classes sometime and I'd be like yo what I learned cuz I learned this from it holding mince actually is very close to defending shots like I like to catch the jab and the right hand sometimes in my hands like boom boom catch the one two right you know what I mean only thing I'm not doing that with is the hook shots and shots that come around but typically the straight shots I'm catching And even sometimes you might catch an uppercut like that, maybe even a body shot like if you you know what I mean if your hands in that that position if you're in a Philly shell. But you know typically um yeah when you catch the shots in with the mids it it kind of mimics that same energy that you need to have when defending. So like somebody threw a jab at you, right? If I threw a jab at you and you caught it, it would be just like as if you was catching the mitts. The only thing is the target is your head and you're just deflecting it or catching it, keeping it from landing on your head. So, 100%. And that was one of the things that I didn't really hit mince a lot growing up cuz my dad didn't hold him. But then one of my dad's fighters started holding him and then we did it a lot then. But the drills is what we did and it kind of helped us a lot. Not only with not only offensively obviously, but it really helped us defensively. And I think it really resembles the mits. And real quick, remember uh that that drill I had uh Nas and Ma doing was kind of similar to that. Like you would give him like a preset combination to throw and the other guy catches it and returns. And it's kind of like so like one of them will throw the one, two, three, and he had come back with the 3,23 or something like that. And it was almost like they had like mint work going on going back and forth, but it was actually punching at each other, punching at their heads, and they would had have to defend the shots coming. So, one, I know I said all that to say, one million% I think Mits can really help fighters like if you hold miss as a as a as a as a fighter, um, can really help you with your defense and with catching shots. &gt;&gt; No, 100%, man. I mean, because you're you're so used to punches coming damn near at your face that it's only right &gt;&gt; a matter of freaking time &gt;&gt; till you, you know, get used to just going like that when the shot comes at you. You know what I mean? I mean, &gt;&gt; I don't know how much it's helped me over the years, but I'm pretty sure because whenever I do spar, I don't get hit a whole bunch. So, I'm sure it's helped. &gt;&gt; All right, let's see. So, just little tricks like that. So, again, don't press too hard. Let them fully extend that shot. Okay, that's how you catch a jab. J Jack. That's That's cool. As you can see, guys, &gt;&gt; that's how you catch a jab. Now, as basic as that video was, how informative was that? &gt;&gt; That wasn't really that basic, even though it was, it wasn't at the same time. There was a lot lot of game just from one of them. So, and that goes into like absolutely every single video that is on there. So, it's like and there's so many little things like there's actual like obviously it's centered around the myths, right? and you how you catch the shots. But we did do some explanations I think too. Not I think I know on you know how to throw the punch and how the punch comes and lands on the mitt. There's just there's so much there's more game in this. I mean it's just it's just an extension of what everything else is in in in the whole bundle, the whole master boxing bundle. It's just so much game in there. There's so much information from for a trainer's perspective and even for a fighter too. Like if you're watching it and you're a fighter trying to learn the whole mits or whatever, you know what I mean? The information is going to be there. Things are going to really you're going to learn so much from it. You know what I mean? Then seeing me hit the mitts, you know, with the, you know, with obviously all the experience I have, you'll see how the punches are thrown properly. And it's just, it's just, there's just so much stuff going on with it. too. &gt;&gt; If you guys are in the chat right now, let me know right now if you're going to grab the M. If you're going to grab Million-Dollar Mitch, let me know in the chat. I'm going to show one more video. I showed this yesterday, &gt;&gt; but I think that this is a really good video because what it shows is how technical do we get with holding the mits, right? Again, this is not a how to box course. This is how to hold the mits course. But indirectly, you're going to learn how to box like Eddie said because like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is happening. Like how can I avoid both? You see what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But um Oh, hold on. Can you see my screen still? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we can see it. &gt;&gt; All right. So, this is the last one I'mma show. You guys just going to have to trust that the rest of the course is disinformed. The elite hook the lead hook to the body can be thrown I'd say three different ways. Okay. So for me, I was always taught when you throw a hook to the body, it kind of comes up like a shovel, right? I barely only time I ever throw a left hook to the body like this is when I'm on a heavy bag. Uh maybe in in a sparring or a fight you may throw it like this as well, but for the most part it's coming up like this. So [snorts] I usually place the mitt like this and that's how they shoot the hook to the body. All right. So go ahead throw it. Good. Again. Again. And now notice I'm taking this hand, my rear hand. I'm placing it here. Then I'm taking my left hand. I'm [snorts] placing it on top. Okay? And then I'm placing it where the body would be for the most part. Bang. Good. Again. Bang. And you got to make sure that you're strong enough with the catch here because if not, boop. You end up hitting yourself. &gt;&gt; Have you ever hit yourself in the face catching the the shot like that, Eddie? &gt;&gt; I think I have. &gt;&gt; And I have I have like especially like I've I catch spits for certain guys and I don't it right and I'm like And that's what now I make sure that I trust that. You know what I mean? Mhm. And and I did it be mainly because the one time I used one hand trying to do it and thank God thank God to this this this course there was something you showed me in one of the modules and we talked about it that made me figure it out when I was able to catch like certain shots a lot better because of it. So yeah 100%. Like that has happened and I you know you catch stuff incorrectly. That's what happens. You pay for it. &gt;&gt; Hold on hold on hold on. Shout out to my man Paul Haynes. He just bought Milliondollar Mitts. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Shout out to Paul, bro. You're getting a crazy shout out. [laughter] Shout out to Paul Haynes. He just bought Million-Dollar Mitch, man. And we're doing a behind the scenes right now, Million-Dollar Mitch. So, go back, click those links, and get in here, guys. But, um, thank you so much for your purchase, Paul. I seen that you booked a call. I'm looking forward to talking to you, and I truly from the bottom of my heart, I truly appreciate your support. Um, let's get back to this right here. Okay. And let's uh let's continue this uh from the face. Okay. Another way to catch the hook to the body is the crossarm technique. So if you notice I'm here crossarm technique. You see what I'm saying? This is a myth work tutorial course about holding not just how to do the punches. Holding properly here. All I'm going to do is cross. Okay, let's watch it again. I'm here. Hands are together. I mean, down by my side, and I cross. And when I cross, notice I bend my knee. Okay, I use this tricep to kind of like press down on the mitt. Okay, so if I go ahead and do it good. There you go again. And bang. Okay, you could [clears throat] do that one more time. And bang. Okay. Okay. And what I like about that technique as well is let's just say he's throwing a right hand to the head and then he's ripping a hook to the body. I can easily just do the transition. You seen the transition? So it was like whoop. So do it one more time. Okay. So there you go. And notice how he rolled. If he wanted to roll boom boom. It's nothing for me to just go from here, from here to taking it from underneath my arm and making them. &gt;&gt; Now, you see how easy that looks? It'll take a beginner a little while to get that right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; You know, it looks easy when I'm doing it because I've been doing it for so long. And it might be easy for certain types of people who pick up easily, but it's going to take a little bit of practice to get used to that transition because you're, you know, it's a little bit like, you know, you got a lot going on. I'm taking this right hand, I'm catching your right hand. Then I'm simultaneously catching the left hand. Then I'm taking my left hand and rolling it under. So if you've never done anything like this before, it's going to take a little bit of practice. You feel me? &gt;&gt; Right. Right. It's going to take some G. &gt;&gt; So again, that's when we're going to get to I know you guys are like, "Yeah, that's the stuff I came here for, not all this single easy stuff." We're going to get to that. We're going to build on that. But yeah, so you got the crossarm and you got this. I been learning to like this better as I've gotten more reps under my belt because I'm just tired of getting punched on. When I was a lot younger, I would be holding it like this, no problem. But now, you know, it kind of hurts after a while. So now I'm just like any chance I get to avoid impact on my body, that's what I do. So they both work. Okay, this is a little bit better too if you're throwing combinations. So again, if like let's say we're throwing a body shot and a head shot, it's much quicker for me to go boom boom. You see what I'm saying? Boom boom. Now I can go boom boom. It can happen. I could do it, but for me it's just smoother to just hold it here, open it up here. And we'll talk about that in the combination segment of this. Okay. Another way you could catch a hook to the body, which I don't teach this, but just so you know, it can be done, is just simply hold it like this and get them to throw [snorts] it like that. Okay. [clears throat] Some of you guys out there may want to work on that. Okay, you can do it. Nothing wrong with it. So, you got this, you got this, [laughter] and you got this. Okay, those are the ways to catch the lead hook to the body. &gt;&gt; Thought about that one, Eddie. &gt;&gt; Informative. [laughter] Very informative. &gt;&gt; I just like &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's so much there's so many explanations, so many different things. So, it's the description of how to throw the shot, but more important than that in this particular uh uh course is how to catch it. That's obviously what we're trying to focus on. And there was so many different ways you giving the gave to catch it. And even even ways that you might not even 100%, you know, wouldn't tell people to use, you know what I mean? There's still an option of how to do it properly, which is a whole another level of of information. A lot of people like if if you're going to talk about some of these other guys out here who are selling courses and doing different things, you know, they're not going to put out things that they might not necessarily believe in, but they can help do it. They can help put they could put it out in a way that can be beneficial, that can work. You understand what I'm saying? Like it's like, yo, if you like to hold the mitt this way, hold it this way. I don't typically do it, but it's possible. And if you want to do it and you want to do it the right way, this is how it's done. You understand what I'm saying? That's that's the kind of that's the kind of information I'm talking about. Like being able to take things that really isn't your forte or that particular style of it, but still show them how it would work if it was done properly. You know what I'm saying? It's it's it's stuff like that. This and like I said, a lot of what we did and a lot of, you know, the the content that that we recorded, I'm using it, too. I'm using it. I'm I used it today. You know what I'm saying? So, I know it's going to be beneficial for these guys. So, you know what I mean? Just just, you know, you just got to get on there and and buy that thing. You know what I mean? It's gonna be something that's gonna help you get money. You gonna get the money back right away anyway. &gt;&gt; Nah, 100%, man. Guys, we in the chat, man. I've been live for two hours and 20 minutes. Eddie, &gt;&gt; I know you got to get sleep, bro. I'm not going to hold you that much longer, but if you guys any got got any questions right now for the fastest heavyweight that ever walked the human planet, you better ask Eddie Ch right now. You know what I'm saying? Because you guys got access to him right now. Um, yeah. &gt;&gt; Pull, you know, ask your questions, guys. Whatever. Any questions you guys got about Million-Dollar Mitts? Any questions you got about the Master Boxing Bundle? You know what's crazy? I really haven't been talking about the Master Boxing Bundle. is getting overshadowed by million-dollar mits. And I got it for the best price that I've actually ever freaking had it. And it's like I feel, you know, I'm a little bit like, guys, don't sleep on the master boxing bundle. Matter of fact, I'mma find something from the master boxing bundle to show people. Um, this is something that I don't think I've ever shown people on here either. Let's go into how to box the opposite stance. Now, the only thing I don't like about this particular course is we didn't have a mic at the time, but the information in this particular course was was crazy. So, let me see here. &gt;&gt; Still solid. &gt;&gt; Oh, nah, man. This was this is a good this is good. Uh, so let's go over here. If you guys are still live with me, man, you guys been hanging on hanging on this long. You guys are definitely getting uh getting blessed with some of the behind the scenes right now. So, okay, let's see here. Let's go ahead and talk about Let's talk about this one. Let's talk about beating the lead foot. Man, it's been a minute since I looked this when we was at Keystone Boxing, Eddie. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This was amazing. &gt;&gt; Now we're getting into the meat and potatoes post &gt;&gt; again. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yo, &gt;&gt; did you see my This is back then when we was &gt;&gt; think guys, this course was like in 2020. Yo. &gt;&gt; All right, guys. So, now we're getting into the meat and potatoes. Pause. Okay. But we're getting into the good stuff. Stuff that I know you guys like. This is what I've been waiting for, coach. I already knew how to roll and slip and all that. Okay, cool. I'm glad. Right. But &gt;&gt; about what you guys are talking, you know, been waiting for. So, we got it where everybody who understands boxing will always teach you this. Listen, if you didn't know this, um, you know, you should be learning this for the first time, dogs, whatever. You want the lead foot to beat your opponent's lead foot when you're boxing the opposite stance. And it's going to be lead foot beating the lead foot. Now, the reason for that is, as you can see, Eddie is beating my foot. I throw my straight cross. I have nothing. Don't even slip. Get in good boxes. Don't even beat my football. Just beat about enough. Beats me by just just enough. I throw a straight cross. He doesn't have to do anything. He throws a straight cross right on target. Okay, that is the reason that we were taught that. So, that is simply an angle. If you don't have my um how to create angles uh course, you should get it. I always talked about how south Paul friendly it was. And that's one of the main reasons right there because an angle is simply just getting off to the side of your opponent. Whether it's by an inch, a foot, it doesn't matter. The key is that you're not in the middle. That's all the angle really is. So, he has created, well, he didn't create the angle yet. We're going to teach you how to create angle soon. But, let's just say he already got there. There you go. He's in a very good position. He could shoot that cross. Bang. Straight down the center line. And then from there, he has a number of options. But for the most part, foot positioning, foot placement, the foot battle always going to be. So, you see how we break down these courses like &gt;&gt; we we do lesson per lesson. &gt;&gt; So, it's like right now we're only talking about one particular piece of the puzzle. Do you like that we taught it that way, Eddie, or do you think it should have just been like ongoing? &gt;&gt; No, I think I think I like it this way. I think I think doing it in pieces and different things like that um you know nowadays the attention span is just &gt;&gt; easier to digress, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just and and I, you know, I think sometimes getting a little long-winded and explanations can be a little costly, you know what I mean? People lose interest or or lose concentration, you know, real fast. So, I think the short right to the point clips and stuff like this with a little bit of comedy is the best way to go. &gt;&gt; No, be when you're in front of your guy basically to try to beat his foot. Okay? And we're going to teach you different ways that you're going to beat it, but that's what you're looking to do. All right? So, as we move forward, you'll learn how to do it. But add that to your box. &gt;&gt; That's just that's just the basic obviously right there. But we go into in depth when it comes to how to beat the opposite stance, you know what I mean? There's a lot of modules in this particular course. Um, we talk about hand positioning, tap over, slip the jab, counter with a cross to the head. I think this is a pretty pretty uh well-known one if you know boxing. But let's go ahead and show it. &gt;&gt; Okay, so now we're going to talk about the next counter, which is one of the most famous counters. And if you want to see this counter executed over and over and over and over again, watch Manny Pacquiao vers Oscar De La Hoya. Um, Manny Pacquiao landed this counter on Aid De Hoya from round one all the way to when they stopped the fight and I believe it was round six. And it was really like a watching a how-to box. the opposite stance with like one technique because he this is really all he used the whole fight and it worked big time. Okay, now all you're going to do is slip my jab but bring your cross at the same exact time. Bang. Okay. Also notice the small step of the foot that now check it out indirectly on the master boxing bundle. you learning how to hold mits because I just showed you right there how to hold the mits or if somebody throws a slip straight counter. I just [snorts] did it. So once you understand the fundamentals of mitt work when you watch something like this you can pick up on different things that guy do &gt;&gt; that he takes. Eddie's going to go ahead and step slightly as he throws the cross just to make sure his foot is in a good position. Bam. Okay. again. Bang. Again, bang. Okay, a good stance and go ahead. Put some on. Bang. Good. Bang. There you go. Bang. There you go. Bang. There you go. Very good. Now, imagine if we had the mic. That thing would be like bang. &gt;&gt; That's the only thing, man. At the time, mics wasn't really a big thing with these videos. I mean, because this is so old, but &gt;&gt; uh the information is priceless in this course, man. very underrated. Uh, shout out to my guy Mike man who passed away. This was his favorite course out of the master boxing bundle obviously. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, he's because he was a Southpole and he was like, "Bro, ever since I watched that course, I learned so much. I did so much better in my sparring. I wish he was still here to to share that testimonial, man. But shout out to my guy Mike. Um, &gt;&gt; this was his favorite course. &gt;&gt; There's other things you can do. I like to double that shot against the opposite stance. So, I'll give it to you right now. Double it. Bang. Bang. There you go. &gt;&gt; That's amazing one right there, Eddie. That double cross, bro. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works like a drunk. &gt;&gt; That's tough, too. A lot of people don't know about that. That's a tough one, &gt;&gt; bro. It works. It's like throwing a double jab, but you're throwing it with your more powerful hand. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And you throwing it somewhat as a power punch, too. So it is just it just reloads quick. That's Yo, if you can get that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off, &gt;&gt; bro. It's It works, bro. It works. Um, give me one second here and then after this, Eddie, I know you got a slide, bro. So, I'm not &gt;&gt; I'll be up there in the morning. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; You already know. &gt;&gt; I appreciate you taking time to come up here and chop it up with us, man. cuz I've been on here freaking for a minute. But guys, I'm the link right here. I'mma put the link right here for the master box and bundle. And since you're on this live with me, man, if you put VIP 20, you're going to get an extra $20 off on top of the sale that I already is my price ever. VIP 20, you'll get the master box and bundle. This is not million-dollar mitts, y'all. This is the master box and bundle. However, man, we gonna keep going through it, man. Just to show you, man. It's not a game, bro. The information is crazy. Little small step of these crosses to make sure he stays on an angle. Okay. Again, bang. Beautiful shot. Beautiful. Beautiful. But guys, going straight down the line, you can go straight down the line with him. Bang. Bang. There you go. Okay. So, you're taking like a small step. Doubling that shot is fantastic to do. But landing a single shot is also good because it'll create an angle and that'll be in later the course when we talk about how to create angles off of the counters and stuff like that. But just a mirror counter right now. Slip, throw it across. Very effective, highly effective. One of the most popular ones that you can do against the opposite stance. Add it to your box. &gt;&gt; Yeah, guys. Y'all see I just wanted y'all to take a quick peek to see like what's behind the behind the wall, bro. Because it's like a lot of people, they hear about the stuff, but they don't really see like how much information's in here. Again, guys, this is everything right here. This is the master box and bundle right here. Just look at all of it. Just look at all of it, man. You know, it's just a lot of information. Even like build you from the ground up 1.0. Like if I go here and uh how to throw elite hook, right? Like this is for my pure beginners out there. I mean, not everybody got that experience. And I actually re Okay, the rear and the lead hook, okay? Like we go through it all the way teaching you guys. Boom. Okay. There's still defense here. His shoulder is here. Just like when he threw a jab, he still has his rear hand here to protect from other hooks that may be coming at the same time. You ever heard the term of a hook with a hooker? Because a lot of times when guys throw the hook, they have a tendency of dropping that hand and then they get caught. So, you don't want to drop your hand. Another thing you want to do is rotate the lower half of your body. That's where the power back up a little bit. That's where the power comes from is the lower half of your body. Now, as you get more experienced, the pivot might not happen as much as you're seeing Eddie demonstrate right here, but the pivot is very important in the beginning. So, I want you guys to do it. &gt;&gt; Weren't we just talking about that in the gym today? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; With the pivot of the hook. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We was literally It was Z when she was throwing the hook like to like and we talk about it pretty often too. And you know, like you'll see pro fighters, do they use that that much? I think it's more of a training to twist or to put out the cigarette, but I think there is an element of it being effective even when you do turn it. So, it really depends on it's like it's it's situational, too. You know what I mean? So, &gt;&gt; this is building from the ground up 1.0 and like that's a lot of stuff here, man. We got mirror drills, learning in the mirror, we got advanced stuff like so like it doesn't matter your level, guys. That's the whole point, you know what I mean? I think I've shown enough. Uh, doesn't matter your level. You guys can go ahead. I just put the link in there for the master boxing bundle. You also got the opportunity to just get one course. So, you guys are feel free to look at um, you know, coachanthony.com and simply just just look at everything I got. I got many bundles on there. Uh, I got I got all types of options on there. So hey man, choice is yours guys. If you guys want to go ahead and save money or not, eventually if you guys are serious about learning, you guys are going to go there eventually. So it's either you want to spend more, you want to spend less, or you just want to procrastinate and not do anything and then come to me in a year. I don't know. You know what I'm saying? But I'm here regardless. You know what I mean? Eddie, any final any final thoughts? Um, there's so much game within this. Um, I think you're doing yourself a disservice. I mean, if you if you follow us, if you watch what we're doing, you know what I mean, through this channel, through my channel. Um, and you haven't like start purchasing some of these like these courses have like you just saw it, you know what I mean? I think we previewed it a couple times before is like you're you're get you're seeing the information. I'm listening to it like damn we really put all of this into that one module and it's like there's so many more of them and they're all equally, you know what I mean? There's equally as much information on different topics. I think you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't actually purchase it or get yourself or get into it. even something. Just get something. I know some people are skeptical. They may be looking at it like, "I don't know, man. This and that." And the price is is just too good to give away. Man, I was just looking at something today and uh a higher, you know, high level uh uh training session like if if you wanted to get a training session with like it was Teddy Atlas or and I'm I'm just looking at the prices on these training sessions and &gt;&gt; for an hour. You can say the price, Eddie. &gt;&gt; Like two &gt;&gt; G's G for 90 for 90 minutes &gt;&gt; for 90, bro. $2,000 for 90 minutes. We've given 25 years of experience for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; I'm I'm charging too cheap. Truthfully, Eddie, &gt;&gt; I'm changing up. I'm doing this. So, this is like the last opportunity because of stuff like that. Because I'm not keep selling myself short when you guys have charging for 90 minutes $2,000 that I know that we could do just as good as just as good if not better of a job. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I'm not gonna say better. These guys are great. &gt;&gt; No, these guys. I'm just saying like I know we can hold our own with anybody in this world. So &gt;&gt; for us to go &gt;&gt; 2,000 for 90 minutes to $247 or5 $600 for &gt;&gt; 30 experience and just unlimited game. It's it's just it's it's crazy work, bro. It's crazy. &gt;&gt; Don't do yourself this disservice. You know what I mean? Like like the one kid the one guy said, he put 8,000 or $5,000 for a damn course that that didn't teach him anything. And then you get something like this where you're constantly learning and it's constantly having updates. It's got so much information in it. Yo, it's like you got to you got to get yourself you got to reward yourself. If you really enjoy boxing, if you really want to become better at boxing, you want to be a person and make more money by holding the mitts, this is the time. Get on here. Get something. It ain't about trying to sell it. It's about, man, it's about you doing something for yourself. You know what I mean? Do something for yourself. go ahead and get one of these courses or get all of them for real because the price is just too good right now. &gt;&gt; Facts, Eddie, I appreciate you, bro. I appreciate your time. I appreciate everything you've done for the brand. You guys make sure you guys follow Eddie at Fight Like a Pro. Fast Eddie Chambers on Instagram, giving out a ton of game. I'm sure he's going to have his own training system very soon, and you guys are going to want to get that because like I told you guys, the devil is in the details. The game is to be sold, not told. And Eddie's been telling a lot of game for free. I know eventually he's gonna give you something that you could purchase is going to be even more in-depth. And that's the whole thing like we give away a lot of stuff on the internet because we want you to see the value. We want you to see the credibility even though we've proven ourselves in the sport legitimately. We still want to show you that we really care. I was talking to a millionaire years ago and I remember I was like, "Hey man, how are you so successful?" I was like, you know, like, can you give me the secret to your success? And you know what he told me, Eddie? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Said, you have to care. And at the time, I kind of felt cheated because I was like, that's all he got. Can I get more? Can I get more? Like, can you give me some step by steps? But as I continue to do business and train fighters and you have to care. So, I care about how my members feel here. I care about how the people who purchase my courses feel. I care about my YouTube community. I care about my Instagram community. I care about the people who help me build my brand. Like, when you care, good things happen. You have to care. And I think that us caring is what's going to keep us in this game a long time. Is what's kept us in this game a long time. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right, Eddie. Bro, I'mma let you go to sleep, bro. I know you've been on here. I've been on here for two hours. It's about to be two hour. It's about to be three hours for me, but I'm going crazy, man. As long as people keep supporting, I'm staying live. Eddie, you might get on here tomorrow and and still see me live. I might be I might pull an all nighter, bro. &gt;&gt; I might pull an all nighter. If you guys are still supporting and grabbing the courses, I'll stay live. I don't care if you get a $47 course. I don't care if you get the master or million dollar mix is really what I want you to get because it's gonna be my best work to date. But anyway, all right, Eddie, bro. Thank you for your time, bro. I'm gonna let you get some sleep. No problem, man. I'll be up there tomorrow. You already know it. &gt;&gt; All right, my guy. Peace. &gt;&gt; No problem, man. Talk to you &gt;&gt; later, man. My guy, Fast Eddie Chambers, man. Man, let me tell you, man. It's a blessing to have a guy like Fast Eddie be part of my be part of my program, be part of my business, be part of my team. Like, he has been a blessing for the last decade. One of my best friends in the world. Um, I'll do anything for him. He knows that. So yeah, man. Eddie Chambers, ladies and gentlemen, the one and only. Can he get his flowers? If you guys want me to stay live, man, all I need is for my silent people in there who ain't been saying nothing. Grab a course. Let me know. If you have any questions or if you think I've been talking long enough, let me know in the chat. Yo, coach, you good, bro? Just get on here tomorrow. Let me know because I will be going live again tomorrow. But I want to know if I should go get a coffee or not. That's what I really want to know. So, let me know, y'all. I'm going to take a short break while y'all thinking about it and let me know in the chat for million-dollar mitts. Why did I call this million-dollar mitts? Cuz I'm going to make you look like a million bucks, man. As long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a [music] pair of mitts. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'm going to level up your MC game [music] 100%. I got a lot of things to say about MIT Work because Mitt Work literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's this name? was coach Anthony. Anony's first name was Cantony's last name. &gt;&gt; Anthony Rodriguez [music] in that corner. &gt;&gt; A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer. You know, Mitts was really what people [music] hired me for. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Working with professional fighters [music] that put me in world title corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how [music] to hold mids. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, you want to do it the right way. I like to think that I'm a [music] person who can teach you how to do this at the highest level considering I've been to the highest level of boxing. Two rounds and you're a world champion. You got to work. He is a defending world champion. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; fighting tonight with head trainer Freddy Anthony work with some of the best boxers in the world. [music] &gt;&gt; Mits [music] is what literally put me in that position. You could be a great coach, you could be a great teacher, you could be a great personal trainer, [music] &gt;&gt; but this is what's going to capture their eyes. This was going to make people look at you and make people say, "Hey, man, that guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person. [music] [singing] &gt;&gt; I'm going to teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this course that's [music] going to help level you up." You got a chance. You see that? All right, y'all. So, let me know in the chat if I should stick around. If you guys are tired, if you guys are done, just let it be known in the chat, man, and I'll slide. Um, let me know. I'm going to go ahead and put my Black Friday deals in here one more time. Again, I'm being very aggressive with the sales today, guys, because obviously Black Friday is is basically over, but the sale is still going. probably be gone in the morning, but we gonna keep this going for right now while I'm awake. Again, that's for the master boxing bundle. And then, of course, we got Million Dollar Mets, y'all. Million-Dollar Mets. I'm super excited about Million-Dollar Mets. Gonna be my best best work up to date. I need somebody to say something in the chat in the next minute or so or I'mma just get out of here, man. I've been on here for quite some time and I'm going to need my rest cuz I definitely will be on here tomorrow. My man Philly Mack in the building talking about blessings. I see you Philly. My guy appreciate you, bro. All right, Millio, I appreciate you, man. All right, that's my queue, man. Guys, is this getting tired is over. I appreciate you guys, man. I'll be on here tomorrow. Um, and we're going to talk some more, man. We're going to have some more stuff to talk about. And uh, that'll be it, man. Eddie Slid, I appreciate you guys. Hopefully you guys taking me up on the offer. Of course you guys got guys 215795437. Make sure you text me at 215795437 so you are alerted when I go live because sometimes I'll text you guys at different times and that'll be it, man. So again, thank you for the love and support and you already know for million-dollar mits. Why did I call [music] this million-dollar mits? Cuz I'm going to make you look like a million bucks, man. And as long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you [music] learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a pair of mits, I'm going to level up your mid game 100%. Working with professional fighters that put [music] me in world title corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. I like [music] to think that I'm a person who can teach you how to do this at the highest level considering I've been to the highest level of boxing. Mits is [music] what literally put me in that position. This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. You could be a great coach. You could be a great teacher. You could be a great personal trainer. But this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people look [music] at you. I'mma teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this course that's going to help level you up. Have a good night, y'all. Have a good night. See y'all tomorrow.