Kind: captions Language: en get here. All right, but we're going to talk about Crawford. How's Crawford going to beat Canelo? All right, well, first and foremost, I think that Crawford's got to go southpaw. Okay, right off the rip, because we all know that whenever Crawford fights southpaw, man, he makes things happen. Anytime I've ever seen Crawford lose rounds is when he starts off orthodox. Don't play with Canelo. This guy is not somebody you want to play with. Go to your best stuff immediately. He's going to go ahead and go southpaw. And he's gonna make it hard for Canelo to hit him because Canelo's not that good at boxing southpaws. We've seen Canelo have trouble with Lara. We've seen Canelo have trouble with slick fighters who use their feet and south paws, right? I think he can throw that straight left hand. Boom. Right down the pipe. Right. Go. Make it hard for him. You know, something that Canelo is not ready for. He's ready for that orthodox stance. Now, we're going to go ahead and we're going to go south pole. Maybe he's going to go off that line and throw that straight left hand. Go. There you go. Good. Another thing he could do is as soon as Canelo thinks he's going to go ahead and set, be ready to tie Canelo up. Go ahead and tie him up. And we all know that Crawford was a wrestler. So Crawford's strong. Even though everybody talks about how Canelo's this big strong guy, we already seen Crawford deadlifting over 400 pounds. We already know that he was a wrestler. He can tie you up. He can frustrate you if in the first four rounds if Crawford could just pick sneaky shots from a southpaw position and tie up Canelo. Whenever Canelo gets close, don't let Canelo throw that hard body shot. Going to throw a hard spot. Just step and smother him real quick. Make it hard. Make it hard for him to get those shots off. Maybe another thing he could do is use that footwork. Use that. You know, you're naturally the lighter guy, right? Canelo goes to set and get out of there. Get out of there. Make it where Canelo gets frustrated. Use that jab. Everybody thinks a South Paul can't use a jab. He could use a jab. Boom. He can set him up. There you go. He can set him up. Good. He could even go this way. They say don't go this way against the opposition. That's He can do it right there. He can walk. That's too much game. I ain't going to give you all the game, right? Another thing he could do is keep doing things like that and let's hope that Canelo fatigues. We've already seen Canelo fatigue in fights. He does good the first six rounds. Come round 6 through 12, we know when you're fighting a top level guy, that's when the round that's when the fight starts. And if Canelo gets frustrated early and gasses him out too early trying to hit Canel Crawford too hard, well, we already know what's going to happen late, man. Crawford is going to go ahead and out hustle him, out work him, and possibly win a decision. May even stop.