Kind: captions Language: en What's going on, guys? Your boy, Coach Anthony, and I know you guys remember this guy, Fast Eddie Chambers. And today's video is going to be how to catch mits, how to hold mits properly, okay? And basically, guys, I know, you know, last year I was going to go ahead and drop a mittwork course, million-dollar mitts. And it was basically to teach you guys everything I know about MIT work. I know a lot of you guys have watched me and you guys watch my progression over the last decade as a coach. And MITs is really what put me on the map. I mean, I've worked with world title contenders, world champions, fast Eddie Chambers. I mean, I've been in world title corners and it all started with a pair of mits because at the time, a lot of these fighters that I work with, they already had coaches, but they really liked how I held mits. So, they would bring me into their camp and I would come in strictly just to hold mits. Then what ended up happening was I got a chance to show my talent and show my knowledge and then I, you know, it became a thing where I started to coach people, opened up a gym, started coaching amateur fighters, then got in the corner of some fighters as a lead trainer, as you guys might remember, most recently Raymond Ford when he won the world title. And you know, it all started just with the mits in the beginning. So right now, I'm going to be dropping million-dollar mits. Okay, if it's not in the link description, it's coming out soon. But in this video, I want to show you guys the basics of just holding some mints, right? So, got fast Eddie. We're not going to go too complicated here. I just want to guys show I just want to show you some of the things you need to think about. So, for instance, if you if you're catching a jab, one thing you don't want to do is this, like throw a jab and like aggressively press, right? You don't want to do that when you're holding mids, right? You want them to fully extend it for the most part. So, he throws it. Bang. And you notice how I just slightly catch it there. Bang. Same thing with a right hand or cross. Good. Same thing. Same thing with a hook. Like notice I'm just putting enough into the mitt for you guys to do that. You don't want to do this, right? Like one, two. Like, believe it. You see it all the time. You know what I mean? You see it all the time. Now, the same thing with like rolling shots, right? Like for instance, I might throw a left hook at him. Look where I throw. What do you see a lot of times people doing that like you know and the thing is you might be a father you might be a beginner coach you might be a personal trainer watching this you might actually be from a martial arts background I've had martial artists contact me Muay Thai coaches contact me fathers contact me and want to train their kids want to learn how to do this for their for their you know their loved ones or maybe you're just a beginner trying to start a career the way I did over a decade ago as a boxing coach or maybe you're a personal trainer and you know your clients want to do cardio and you don't want to tell them to go on an elliptical or stairmaster. You want to keep it interactive with some mits. But the thing is if you don't hold the mits with some skill, then you're just going to look like somebody who doesn't know what they're doing. And truthfully, you can actually learn how to do this the right way. So if you notice also like I kind of stay somewhat in a boxing stance when I catch the mids. So like right now, let's say we're working a jab, jab, jab, jab. Good. Right hand roll. Two, two, jab, jab, jab, right? Maybe I'll turn them, whatever. Right. So, as you can see, these are the things we could do. Maybe I might go ahead and uppercut three to them and roll and then body roll and a triple jab. w. I might do stuff like that. Guys, go to the link description below. Million-Dollar Mits is going to be the best MIT work course you ever ever experience. It's going to be consistently and constantly updated. Um, so if it's not already in the link description, check out the website, coachanthonyboxing.com. I got a lot of things coming and you already know boxing life.