Kind: captions Language: en This right here is going to be the Russian check or the Cuban check. So, there's two ways to throw a check hook, right? Obviously, the first way is you're setting them up and boom, you pivot and you just slide right off, right? That's one. But the Russian check or the Cuban check, right, is you actually step with your front foot over and hook at the same time. Okay? So, I'm going to do it one more time. And it's going to be basically I'm in my stance and boom. Now, look how I'm squared up. I'm kind of out of position right now, but that's only for a moment. Okay? So, if I go ahead and I go boom, then from right there, you just bring the back foot. So, come over here. If I'm shadow boxing, right, and I'm here, pop, I'm shadow boxing. I'm moving around and boom, I just walk off. Now, look, I do it one more time here. Boom. See what I just did? One more time. I'm here moving. Boom. Okay. Now, what I love about it is that it actually to me feels like you have a little bit more power when you land that hook when you do that because I guess when you got that front when you land that back foot and it hits, whether I throw the hook like this or like this, when it hits, there's a lot more under you. Now, it's almost like being southpaw and you're throwing your rear hook. Okay, that's really what it is. I'm going boom. Now, look, if I really want it to be a southpaw right here, let's do that. Right, I'm here. Boom. Right, it's the same thing. Now, I'm southpaw, but what we're doing, we're just transferring our weight over and going back to conventional. So it's boom and then we just bring the back foot. Very very good way to practice a hook. So the way you practice it is if I'm right here toe heel alignment. As you throw the hook, you just take the step. Boom. I'm stepping to my left if I am a righty as I throw my left hook. If I am a southpaw, I am stepping to my right as I throw the right hook. Okay. So, I'm here. So, if I do a southpaw and I'm here, if I do conventional and I'm here. Okay. Excellent. Excellent move. I just wanted to go ahead and touch on that. And why I like it. I like it because when you land that, you're going to feel it. You're going to feel that bam. You can do it on a heavy bag also. You'll just feel the impact of it. Would I do this over the other hook, check hook, the pivot one? Absolutely not. I would do both.