Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Guys, it's your boy Coach Anthony. You guys made a wise decision. Defense is one of the first things that you should learn in boxing. Uh, anybody can throw a punch, but not everybody knows how to defend one. Not everybody knows how to evade one. Not everybody knows how to block one. A lot of the old-timers would say that defense is the first thing you should learn when you go into a boxing gym as opposed to learning how to throw punches. I agree because, you know, without defense, how are you going to protect yourself? We all know that defense is 50% of boxing and people only train it 25% of the time and wonder why they get hit twice as much, right? It's just simple math. We're going to cover everything from the very beginning and then we're going to go ahead and build that up. Whether you have a lot of experience and you just want to go over the fundamentals or whether you're just starting out and you're trying to learn all this stuff, you made a very wise decision. This is the video for you. So, without further ado, we're going to go ahead and get started. What's going on, guys? I got another banger for you with none other than the greatest folk of all time, Fat Eddie Chambers. Today I want to big give a big shout out to my Mexican people. Show them that Mexican flag over there. You know what I mean? We got the Mexican flag and show him that Mexican legend up there, Julio Cesar Chavez, who was a monster at the hook to the body. All right. Like this guy was just an incredible boxer. Um he went 89 and0 before losing his first fight. Now, this video isn't a Julio Cesar Chaveis video, but this is a move that he did. Um, so I want to talk about this setup because this setup is overlooked. That is because of the way the body, the mechanics work in boxing. This is why this is an effective move. So, I'm going to have Eddie Chambers. Now, the way you set this up is you throw some kind of a looping right hand. It could be a right hook. It could be a overhand right. whatever is gonna get your opponent to roll under. Now, I just want you to roll under naturally. I don't want you to show anything. I want you to act like it's a real fight. Now, I'm gonna go ahead and make Eddie roll under and whoop, bang. See that? Now, look, Eddie didn't give me that shot. It's just the way his if his hands are at his chin to where they're supposed to be and things happen quickly, there's a hole there. You see the hole, right? So, that's the hole that I'm going to attack. And it's just a beautiful move and Mexican fighters are known for it. That's why I'm calling it domestic. And they're known for going ahead and doing that. Now, there's ways to avoid this. There's ways to counter this, but I just want to talk about the technique right now. So, what I'm going to do is basically Eddie's just going to throw the overhand right now. The way I like to teach this is this. Because if he throws the overhand right, whether it lands or misses, we don't care because we're in position for the hook to the bottom. So if it lands, great. If I go under it, well, he's got a follow-up shot. So we're going to go ahead and bang. All right. And that's what's going to happen. Ready? And working. Beautiful. Again. Again. See what's happening here? Now, let's just say I did block that overhand, right? I still got to worry about that shot to the body. Okay? If he misses it, I can go ahead and we can actually make it where he misses it. He just positions himself. No, no, no. He's just going to throw like Mr. Mint. Bam. All right. We do that sometimes, too. Ready and go. Good. Beautiful. Uhhuh. Beautiful. Let's take it to the heavy bag. Show them how that looks. Actually, let's do it on this bag. I like it on this bag. I'll get back because you can rip that 45 right underneath. Go ahead. Rip it. Good, man. Shot. Oh, man. This is Yeah. Why not? Beautiful. Uhhuh. Beautiful. You see how he slid the back hand off the bag? Good. You can do it on a regular bag, too. I'm on this back. I'm on this back. Same thing. Yep. Mhm. One motion, Eddie. One motion. Okay. There you go. That 45 a little wider. There you go. Do it again. Fantastic. Fantastic move. Now, yes, I know how to stop that move and so does Eddie, but we're not going to give it to you on this video. We'll give it to you later. But work that. It's an excellent combination. If you land that overhand, great. If you miss it, great. It can also be done with a right hook. Typically the overhand right, I would shoot pre preferably over the right hook. But if you're in close quarters, you might want to shoot the right hook. Shoot the right hook. Why not? Bang. Bang. Put you in position. All right. The key is put yourself in position. To make it simple, you can do it off of a straight right hand, which is very common. Straight right hand to the head. Boom. Bang. And it works the same way cuz watch this. flip my right hand. It's the same hole there. All right. So, basically getting them to change their position. The right hand gets them to change their position, which in turn puts you in a good position to rip that shot to the body. It's just an excellent, excellent, excellent professional move. These are secrets. They're not giving this stuff away. Go to the website coachanthonyboxing.com. Check out everything I got on there. You're going to be fully satisfied. I guarantee you. Go ahead and check it out. We have everything. I'm not even going to run down the list. You already know what the catalog is. If you don't, go to the website, coach Anthonybox.com. And also, don't overlook these Zoom sessions, guys. I need you guys to go ahead and start checking these Zoom because that gives me a chance to connect with you one on one. And make sure you follow us on all forms of social media from Instagram to Tik Tok to Snapchat. I have everything in the description below. We're going to have a lot of goodies for you guys coming real soon. Box. [Music]