Kind: captions Language: en What's going on guys? Your boy coach Anthony man. So Today's Halloween. I know a lot of you guys out there you guys are going to probably go party or whatever or trick-or-treat with your families or whatever. Try not to eat too much candy. But um make a long story short, tomorrow is November 1st and every single year I go live for the month of November. It's called No Days Off November and basically what it is is I go live and I try to provide value in every which way that I can whether it is through boxing tips, information, live stream, seminars, fitness, nutrition, the whole nine, right? And I wanted to take it a step further this year. This year what I want to do is add accountability. So if we're going to be spending 30 days with each other I want to make sure that we level up in all areas of our lives. So basically I created something called the WTF tracker. And basically the W stands for water and walking, right? Or we're going to use that W as movement, right? Water and walking. You can flip that W upside down and just make it movement, right? And my goal is to hit a certain amount of steps every single day and drink a gallon of water. The T stands for to-do list today. So everything on my to-do list has to get done today. Not tomorrow, not the next day, right? Eliminate procrastination. And then the F stands for food and fitness, right? You got to work out every day, okay? And you got to make sure that you know, your your fitness is dialed in. Or your your nutrition is dialed in I should say. Yeah, so you got the food and you got the fitness, right? So that's what the F stands for and if you want to take it a step further, family time, right? That should probably go on your to-do list. Make sure you make time for your family every day, right? So that's basically what we're doing man. So the goal is to level up completely. I went ahead and made a PDF. Absolutely free. You can get it in the link so you could be ready for tomorrow. But the goal is for us to level up the month of November together. This is something that I'm doing for myself regardless. I've been wanting to challenge myself and do this. This is the perfect time to go ahead and get started. 60 days away from the beginning of the year. So why not start now? Why wait till January 1st when we could do this now? So download that tracker. Get ready for No Days Off November man. We're all going to level up together. It's going to be a lot of fun man. I'm excited to chop it up with you guys man. I will be going live so make sure you put the bell notifications on and share this with somebody who you think this will be helpful for. All right. Let's get it. You already know. Boxing life.