Kind: captions Language: en As long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with pyramids. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'm going to level up your mid game [music] 100%. I got a lot of things to say about MIT work because MIT work literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's his full name? What's Coach Anthony? Anony's first name was Cantony's last name Rodriguez. Coach Anthony. &gt;&gt; A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer, you know, Mitts [music] was really what people hired me for. working with professional fighters that put me in [music] world title corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. &gt;&gt; This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters [music] are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, you want to do [music] it the right way. I like to think that I'm a person who could teach you how to do this at the highest level considering I've been to the highest level of boxing. &gt;&gt; Two rounds and you're a world champion. You got to work. He is a defending world champion fighting tonight [music] with his trainer Freddy Anthony. &gt;&gt; Work with some of the best boxers in the world. [music] Mits is [music] what literally put me in that position. You could be a great coach. You could be a great teacher. You could be a great personal trainer. &gt;&gt; But this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people [music] look at you and make people say, "Hey, man. That guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person. &gt;&gt; I'm going to teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this [music] course that's going to help level you up. Got a 10. &gt;&gt; Show them. Whoa. &gt;&gt; You see that? &gt;&gt; All right. All right. All right. What's going on, guys? Can you hear me? I need a mic check. I need a mic check before we get started because I had this issue before. Let me know in the comments if you can hear me loud and clear. Let me know before we get started. Let's see what they saying. see what they saying in the chat. I'm good. Okay. All right. Just making sure, man. We got to keep Eddie awake, man. So, y'all gotta ask some good questions. We got to keep Eddie awake. It's freaking 11:14 p.m. here on the East Coast. So, that goes to show you how dedicated we are to giving you guys these live streams, man. You know, I wish I could do this a little earlier uh for us, but you know, we're running the gym, man. you know, and then we got music playing and then YouTube copyright strikes us and all that. So, I gotta wait till everybody leaves the gym before I can go ahead and do these live streams. But today, we're basically just going to answer your questions, you know what I mean? And we're basically gonna just demonstrate whatever you guys ask. It's real simple, man. So, I need you guys to help me with this particular live stream because I don't have the topic right off the top of my head. The last one we did was real good. Somebody asked us was talking about the defense. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; That was really dope. So yeah, and oh yeah, for the record guys, million-dollar mints will be out this week. My Black Friday sale is current right now. The biggest sale I ever done in my entire life. Last year I did 90% off at each for the black for the master boxing bundle. I think at this point I'm at like 99% off. I'm not even lying. I swear. Yo, y'all need to go to the website coachboxing.com. Go check it out. I got the biggest sale I ever done. Getting rid of everything. We about to focus on million dollar mids. So, let's see what you guys are talking about in here in the chat. All right, we got Yo, what's going on, my guy? I see you, champ. I can hear you. This is crazy. Coach Anthony live. Yes, sir. Inside fighting and combinations on the inside, creating angles up close. I like that. I like that. All right. So, inside fighting. All right. So, where do we begin? I think it really depends on how you approach the inside. So, there's two different ways we like to approach it, right? So, we can go shouldertosh shoulder or we can be hands up in the middle. And I think they both play a purpose. I think they're both really good to to to work on. It really depends what your mindset is that. What's something that you like to do on the inside before I go ahead and give my thoughts? Um, for me it's like the footwork of it. I like changing angles. &gt;&gt; You're real slick. I like I like going boom boom and then shooting up. &gt;&gt; Like for me I like I like I like kick over here getting in the middle. Especially when a guy got both his hands up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So like if a guy got both his hands up always like get over here because what happens is on this side he can't see my head. He can't see what I'm trying to set up and then I'll sneak a right uppercut in here. But how you get over? Show them how you get over there. You have a way of [laughter] &gt;&gt; So what I do is I'll do it like a little misdirection. I'll take my head and slip it over to the side here. As if I'm going to do something there and I come back across. Typically would be a good idea to do that. But because we're on the inside and we're going to focus more on defense and his hands are up like this, I'm able to then this time. And then I'm also manipulating his body and all that. I'm pushing the mirror going that way. So once he does go that way, get over here. &gt;&gt; All right. So I'm trying to see the upper do the first move over here and the look where the uppercut goes. Okay. So if I am here's going to go here. Now it comes right up the middle. All right. So we're going to do it. Let's do it quick on the mids. Million dollar mits. If we were doing I mean you know what? I will add this in the middlebook course for stuff like this. So, just so you guys know, in the middle course, I'm consistently going to be adding new modules because I don't think that I can teach you everything in one go. There's always something new that I'm like, you know what, I can add that. You know what? I can add that. Right? So, this is something like a move like this might be something I'm like, yo, that's a dope move. Let's add it. Right? So, anyway, that's just a little uh free publicity for my course. But anyway, but anyway, as a fact though, that's how it's going to be ran. So anyway, he's going to go ahead. I'm catching catch. That was clean. Let's do that one more time. Okay, then right there goang. [clears throat] You know what I'm saying? Go crazy after that. Now, but truthfully, you know what I think Eddie probably do in that situation? After you go here, boom, you can follow up with a hook. All right, you probably follow the hook. So, probably go ahead down off of that because I will switch sometime in that situation too. Say I do that like you just did, right? Over. I come back. Boom. Hook. Boom. Move it over. Boom. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Boom. Hold on. They got to see the feet there. Back. Let's back up a little. Back up. I got to take the comment off the screen. I got to take the comment off the screen. Look. Big homie John. We going in, bro. Big homie John. Bro, you better grab the Met War course cuz we going in for you right now. Hold on. Let's keep it going. Show them the footwork. You guys know it's the same question. Look. Yeah, this is good enough. Up over the body, then shift. I'm doing it short so they can see. &gt;&gt; I'm going do it here. Go here. What's going to happen? You're about to switch. So I be here. Boom. Close it. The hook. Boom. Then over then shift. Boom. See what I'm saying? Maybe. &gt;&gt; So, same thing. [cough] [clears throat] &gt;&gt; See Eddie Eddie slip slip when you're on the inside too. Um, one that I really like is we talk about this all the time. I swear I feel like I'm basic with it. Oh yeah. Know that's really good. I wouldn't even think that &gt;&gt; I I just like a simple left hook to the head, left hook to the body. That is one of my I think like I talk about this combo all the time. It's one of my favorite because it's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] effective. All right. So Eddie could be right here for me. Let it go. Bang. Right. So if I'm here, bang. Now, of course, a really good fighter is probably going to have his elbow here where he can catch. Guess what? This what makes it that's what this is the thing though. If you go down, I tell you what, there's two things you can do. First thing, rip the body &gt;&gt; or he could maneuver me with his lead [clears throat] hand like this. All right, come here. &gt;&gt; Oh, now the thing is now the thing is when would you do it? You gotta kind of wait till your fight is not their opponent, you're not he's not expecting it. Like that's the thing about boxing. Like all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if the guy's ready for it, he's going to defend it. So you got to kind of catch him when he lure him to sleep a little bit. So maybe you guys are just right here, you know, you're throwing stuff up the middle and then you rip your shot. You know what I'm saying? But you got to do something else to create that sometimes. Or maybe you got to wait till they're fatigued to get it off. You know what I'm trying to say? Another thing I like too is that you can take that same hand and turn into like a sneaky uppercut. You know what I mean? So you do. &gt;&gt; So boom, instead of that boom or maybe even in with that. So like head body and &gt;&gt; you saw Benas throw a 18 left foot combo, right? I know you saw Right. I mean, there's all type of things because that's the thing about throwing the punch is you can kind of like make it seem like you're going to do something and something slightly different. So, yeah. So, like let's say he goes here and he goes to the body and I'm blocking, right? So, now he sees I'm blocking instead of throw up the middle. Boom. Boom. Right. I didn't remember. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I started to change. I would I kept checking and he got used to it. So he started blocking and I was just throwing started catching up all the time very same. &gt;&gt; So it was like one say throwing a jab or whatever or even right whatever I was I was checking a lot. &gt;&gt; Okay. So used to it when switch back switch again. &gt;&gt; All right. Hold on. We Let me know if that was helpful in the chat, guys. Let me know if that was helpful. And let me know if you guys are having any issue if you guys have any issue hearing us. Um, [snorts] my man big homies. Y'all, this is crazy. Oh yeah, shameless plug. We have a course called How to Box from the Inside. It's Black Friday, y'all. Go to the website coachantyboxing.com. Big homie John. For 47 bucks, you can get that course or you can get the how to box from any range which gives you how to box on the inside and how to box on the outside access to my private community ebook for 47 bucks. No lie, bro. Or you can go get all 16 courses, the master boxing bundle for like 99% off. So go to the website coachanthonyboxing.com. Bro, I'm telling you, you're not going to regret it. Anybody who gets something off my website this week for Black Friday, you're already getting a great deal. I'm also gonna give you a money back guarantee, man. 30-day money back guarantee. If you don't like what I got in there, I give you your damn money back, bro. Like, I'm so confident that you're going to be happy with the purchase and it's damn near free. Like, no matter. Like, anyway, it took us what, 25 years to learn this. I was I was talking about this to my people. I was like, "Yo, if you pay $200 a month for a gym membership, 25 years of boxing knowledge, just me just alone. Imagine if you pay $200 a month for 25 years." Now, if you want to put me and Eddie together, that's 50 years. You're looking at like half a million dollars in information. I'm giving it to y'all for less than a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gym membership. You know what I'm trying to say? &gt;&gt; It's crazy. Anyway, go to the website, coachanthonybots.com. Let's go ahead and see what's going on, my man. Special feature. What's good, Coach Anthony? What's going on, my guy? He said, "I'm going to buy Chicago Golden Gloves in a 100 days locked in." Thank you, bro. I appreciate that, man. For real. All right. I know you're doing a demonstration. This kind of a weird question, but I know Manny Pacquiao taped his own hands to think for a fighter to take his own hands. or is it better for some? What's your thoughts on that, Eddie? You've had your hands wrapped and &gt;&gt; I think I I don't mind think about it early in your career hands there and do it the way you like it. It's you, your family. So guys, I think I think that's actually a good thing. I think guys who now don't get me wrong it's nice sometimes to have somebody else rap probably a guy that wraps your hands is he doesn't act know exactly how you feel know you tell and then sometimes as a fighter you're like I don't know have taking the wraps off and doing you can do your own wraps you can make your own alterations and not have to worry about anybody else doing what they're doing so &gt;&gt; yeah yeah I think as long as you know how to wrap your own hands that is a good thing. I think that it's Yeah, you have to know how and I think there's experts like me, I'm not the best hand rapper. I'm not afraid to admit that. So if and so somebody else might be like an expert at wrapping hands. I mean, I always think that an expert or a specialist, that's something is always better to have. It's kind of like you could coach yourself or you could hire coach Anthony or Eddie Chambers. Like I think you're better off with one of us. However, if you are a good hand wrapper and you know your own hand, like Eddie said, hey, why not? You know, but you have to know how to wrap hands because if you're just going off just your feelings, sometimes you might not know certain things and then when you get into a fight, you don't know the injury until you land the shot and then you're like, "Fuck man, I wish I knew how to protect this a little better or whatever." So, make sure you know what you're doing. If you know what you're doing, then that is great. You know what I'm saying? Sure. Um, your fighter is down. What's something you'll call out for him to score some points or start winning the round up? Man, I don't have like a particular call out, but I'mma let him know like he needs to let his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands go. Like if you guys remember when Raymond Ford was fighting for the world title, if you guys didn't see that fight, watch him fight Odereck. I was encouraging him throughout the whole fight because I knew we were a little bit behind in the fight. So, I don't have like a particular call out, but I'm going to be very vocal and I'm going to be very honest. And I think that's the best thing you can do as a coach in a big fight situation is be honest and don't care if the fighter gets upset or whatever because I've had situations where I've held back my honesty because I just uh you know for what I've been getting experience whatever. So now at this point in my career I'm just extremely honest with all of my guys whether they like it or not. Some people leave, some people stay, some people can take it, some people can't. At this point, I'm not in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] business to be liked by anybody. I'm here to win as a coach, and I want my fighters to leave the ring healthy. So, offense is defense sometimes. If you're not letting your hands go, you're inviting punches. So, you have to sometimes encourage your guy, let let their hands go. Is there anything that your dad in particular used to say to you, like a code or something? Who's always motivation? You want Say hello. Say hello. Make sure they hear you. &gt;&gt; You want to [laughter] you want to go back on papers? Well, you better pick up this goddamn he was he was he was completely honest about everything or and sometimes he was a little dishonest but he was dishonest in the other direction. He would be saying it like we're down and reality I but it was just to keep motivating me to continue to give more and do more. So I was always under pressure with that. So when it came time in the fight to have to actually push, you know, push forward and do more, I was prepared to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The one thing you don't want as a fighter and the one thing you don't want to be as a coach is a yes man. Okay. And I know that and I think that a lot of guys out there are becoming yesmen because they want to protect their position. And a lot of fighters want yesmen because they want an ego boost. But this is a shortterm lived thing in your career. Is it something that feels good in the moment? And then when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gets real, it all comes crashing down. And then if you go back and look at your career, you're going to say, "Damn, if I just had some honest people with me or damn, I would have just been honest with you and we might have been able to go further." You don't want to live with regrets. You know what I mean? So, I think that yes, men, I understand it to a degree because at the end of the day, a lot of guys want to get paid and they just want to make some money, but you know, me personally, that's not my style. Um, I'd rather just own a gym and do YouTube videos and and stuff like that. If I got to be a yes man, I'm full on the whole yes man job. You feel me? I can coach you guys and be just as happy as I would be in a world title corner. I agree 100%. Anybody who I'm coaching, I'm going to be as honest as I possibly can. I'm not going to be happy. If if we're winning, we're winning. That's great. But it's always a teachable moment in some of these situations. He's doing well. Like I got him. He's good. He's He's doing real well and all that. He's good. He's three and0 right now. But if the last performance he had, he did well, but he stayed in the middle too much. Took too many punches on the outside. It was an exhibition, so it wasn't really anything major. But the reality of it is it was because what if that was a fight? Now, he probably would end up stopping the kid if it was a fight. But if it was a better fighter and we're always looking to get to the to the point where we're fighting better fighters. So if that's the case, he can't be doing those types of things because he was in front of a better fighter. Might not have been so easy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. I hope that helps. My man Billy Brisco, two of my favorite people in boxing. Don't give them too game. Too much game. [laughter] Just enough game. It's so not to be told. That's a fact. Billy, listen. The game is to be sold not told. I hope that these live streams encourage you guys to support me on my biggest Black Friday sale in history. Coach Anthonybox.com. Milliondoll Mints. Support Fast Eddie Chambers on his YouTube journey. Uh, Fight Like a Pro. I'm sure he's gonna have something to sell you guys eventually. Listen, the game is to be so guess what? It's a discount. Think about what boxing teaches you besides just being a fighter. Teaches you a life lesson that you can't learn, you know, just doing anything else, you know? I mean, it's something different about getting punched in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] face, you know what I mean? That teaches you a little something about yourself, you know what I mean? A little humbling that we need in life, all of us. You feel me? Um, so I think that for you guys who chose boxing, you guys make one of the greatest decisions uh and one of the greatest sports in the world. Matter of fact, in my opinion, the greatest sport in the world because it's going to teach you so much value and insight. And I know there's MMA fighters who feel like they're, you know, living the same life the boxers are living in their own right. And they're absolutely right. But my preference is boxing, you feel me? A question for Eddie Chambers, man. Ask Eddie, man. &gt;&gt; Here we go, Eddie. This is for you. How do you change levels effectively when fighting significantly fighting a significantly shorter opponent? What is your take on keep the hands high versus low when somebody really shorter than you? What's your take, Eddie? This is the thing. &gt;&gt; When the hell was I about to say, when the hell were you shorted in somebody in the heavyweight division? &gt;&gt; Oh, when you was my thing, &gt;&gt; what you do, and I learned a little bit from he couldn't be much so much. But the one thing he definitely did is he did not sit up here like this. He was his knees were somewhat bent and he always used his range as opposed to just the height. You understand? I'm not saying he was trying to get under shots, but he typically kept his hand at my level at my head. So he I couldn't just come straight in. I had to deal with some kind of things like trying to go through the bushes. I had to go through the damn bushes in order to get there. By the time I typically would get there, he would have something waiting for me. So if you're a taller guy and you're dealing with shorter guys trying to come underneath you, what you do is you bend your knees. And don't get me wrong, sometimes you need to defle to to escape or create angles or create uh you know create angles, but the idea is to keep the person here. Keep them right at that level. Unless you like to fight inside, you like to body punch and stuff like that. That's where they need to stay. And the only way for you to continually do that, keep that that distance is to get down and get sturdy. Get your feet in the ground. make sure they can't just come and get but anyway just making sure they can't get inside easy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if I can add on that I know you asked Eddie for his opinion but I I I personally think like he actually keeping the hands high or low. I think that keeping the hands around here is actually really good against a shorter guy because think about it. If they coming they approach the body I can close up the body right here right and I can catch everything without thinking. There's been times where I've sparted shorter guys and I have my hands here and then they'll like jab my body with a jab or something and I'm like hold on I'm not going to let you keep jabbing my stomach. So, and then also I can sneak that up jab in pretty sneaky against a shorter guy. He steps in. All I got to do is put my arm out and he literally walks into the jab, you know. And also, um, another tip is aim for the chest because a shorter guy likes to get low. So, if I aim for the chest, they walk into the shot. You know what I'm trying to say? So that's just that's just a few tips for me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's that's I agree with that. Right. I said bend the knees like like you said about hands being here. You're already in a position to defend the body. But then having this out gives them that I got to deal with these arms all the time. You know what I'm saying? That's one thing I had issues with. When he would put his arm out, he would keep that hand right in front of me, right in my face. So what I did was I tried to do something to help kind of get away with it a little bit. You got to be careful, but I would literally left hook his arm. &gt;&gt; I I was walking. You was left hooking his glove a lot. &gt;&gt; I was in his I was in his arm, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, I was in both. &gt;&gt; I remember that. You hit that the whole fight. &gt;&gt; His arm swing back sometime. He tried to like take because what would happen over time that's going to start to give give him a bit of an issue. So if you're the shorter guy in that situation, attack that arm. But the thing is, don't attack him and completely just [clears throat] and just stay right there for because what he can do is he can set you up. He put the arm out. Soon as you attack it, throw that and that right hand comes right at &gt;&gt; I don't know if I got caught that right hand. And we talk about distance control and how to box uh from the outside. So how to box from any range bundle, bro. 47 bucks. You get how to box from the outside and how to box from the inside for Black Friday. So, I'll put the link as soon as I'm done right here. You guys can check that out. But yeah, man, you definitely want range control. Like Eddie saying, if you can hand out and somebody steps to you, you want to take those inches back so you can go ahead pause, but you can go ahead and just control [snorts] the range. All right, but we go over it in much more depth on the court. So, check it out. Let me go ahead and put that link for you real quick, champ. &gt;&gt; And another thing, too, &gt;&gt; Keep talking, Eddie, as I look for the link. Go ahead. Let him know. Another thing too is being in this position gives you the option to use other punches too. You know what I mean? If you're standing straight up, you can still use uppercuts and stuff like that, but you won't be able to get into the thing. So in this position, not only using your leg, right? But you're also now invite them in a little closer than you normally allow. And if you do that, you got right up. You got short right hand, you need that chest hook. So just let keep them in a position where they have to go into your fire. &gt;&gt; Now facts my man Billy. Everybody on here should fully take opportunity and get as many courses as they can for your Black Friday sale. Great information. Pretty much Derpy. How can you beat it? For anybody who doesn't know, I'm sure everybody knows, but that's Billy Brisco talking. Philadelphia legendary trainer Billy Brisco. All right. He trained guys like Gabriel Rosado from the ground up. He's trained so many champions in the Philadelphia area. He's kind of reminds me of like that teacher that's in the mountains. We talk about like you can't find this guy unless you know him, right? You know what I mean? But he's in the mountains and he's just a wealth of knowledge. Me and Billy have talked on the phone, no lie, till 500 a.m. about different boxing techniques, different approaches, strength and conditioning, nutrition, how to conduct the World Championship camp. I mean, I've learned so much from Billy by passing back and forth ideas with him. Um, he's been in Philadelphia for forever, one of the greatest boxing cities in the United States of America. I'm gonna get Bill. Billy, I need you on here, man, so you can go ahead and share some of your knowledge. But um yeah guys, so that's who's talking in the chat who's encouraging you guys to grab the courses. All right, this is real. This is the real deal. All right, and I'm not just using this as just like a sales tactic. I just want you to know like these are the kind of people that are in my ecosystem, so to speak. People who I truly admire, that I talk to on a regular basis, just to make sure I'm not giving you guys no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because that's one thing I refuse to do. You know what I mean? Like I said, you might never see me with a professional fighter again. But that doesn't mean I'm not going to give you guys the best information that I can personally give you because I personally enjoy teaching people that just love learning. It doesn't matter if you're a fighter, a beginner, a master boxer, a woman, a child. Boxing is something that's changed my life, saved my life, if you want me to be honest. It's given me a career. Look, I got a facility. I got a business. All thanks to boxing. You feel me? Million-Dollar Myths coming out trying to teach you guys how you can start your own business with boxing and you need something that's going to get people's attention. What better than mint work, right? Mint work is what people want to do. I want to hit the mits. I want to hit the mits. Is mits everything on boxing? Absolutely not. Sugar Ray Robertson didn't hit MITs. These guys didn't hit MIS. However, you want to get people's attention. You want to keep people engaged. I think myth work is one of the best ways to do it. So definitely want to uh be on the lookout, man. But thank you, Billy, for the kind words. We're going to go ahead and keep it moving. Yo, Eddie, which fighter that you face had the best defensive skill set and what would you specifically made that particular boxer defense? Well, what made his what made his style tough? &gt;&gt; There's there's a couple guys. I think the most successful defense against me was Vladimir because of range mainly, but I thought the crucial way was real sharp. Um he made it he made it difficult for me to even though you know I would land shots here and there it wasn't any real consistency with it and it was more it was the exact opposite of what had is he didn't have the range but he understood how to use offense and counter punching kind of keep me from being able to utilize uh any real offense or any sustainable. So yeah, he was he was good with, you know, upper body movement, dropping low. He used his height as an advantage of being shorter and forcing me to reach down, which I wouldn't do consistently because I trust him because obviously he caught shots over the top and I was obviously defensively sound. I didn't let him land very shots. He had to utilize shots to the body, didn't land to the head. But he was able to manipulate the limbs enough using like I said upper body movement, the fact that he was shorter to force me to have to commit to something in order to have any offense success. So yeah, um those two were probably the best defensively that I had I ran into. Trying to figure any of my other fights that I had where I really strugg landing shots on somebody. I don't really think I had any other fighters that where it was difficult for me to be honest. I mean, even by the losses that um I don't think in particular that I struggled [snorts] to land consistent offense, you know, like Tomas was a loss, but I led a good bit of shots on Tomas with one hand was the same thing. I didn't really struggle to land shots on him, you know, because he was so offensive too and he threw a lot of combination of punches. I was able to use uh his office against him a lot wasn't that many even like when I think of um [clears throat] Gerald Gerald I thought he was able to manipulate rings a little bit movement but if I put forth more effort to get closer and just you know cause to win a little way more success at the trial. &gt;&gt; That's it. [clears throat] [laughter] &gt;&gt; All right. Um, &gt;&gt; no, it's all good. You had Eddie down memory lane for a second. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Eddie would have kept talking if I ain't All right. Hold on. What are some red flags you believe uh of a bad coach when it's time to switch gents? I think the most obvious one is a coach that throws you in to spar people that you're not ready for and allows you to get beat the hell up and they try to tell you that that's going to make you tougher. I think that's one of the number one things you should pay attention to. I think that you shouldn't have your coach should throw you in the ring appropriately and with enough tools that you can defend yourself. If you're not prepared to defend yourself, you know what I mean? uh then you shouldn't be boxing the person that you're boxing. And when I say defend, I don't mean you got to be better than the guy you're scoring. All I'm saying is that you can defend whatever the guy you're scoring throwing at you. You know how to block the shots. You know how to move away from the shots. You're not over the guy's got a lot heavier than you and he's trying to hurt you. If you're going to go against a guy bigger than you or whatever, has to be very controlled. Um and you're not getting like pumbled, you know, in the sparring. I think that you have to build up to that. And I think when you finally get to a point where you're getting, you know, you're being competitive with certain levels, then of course you get tossed in a little harder challenges. But I think you have to build that resistance. So I think that's the number one indicator. And also if your coach isn't teaching you anything, I think that's another thing. You're not learning. Like I mean a lot of coaches out there, they don't know how to teach. They just get the USA book and now they're coached. You know what I mean? It's like, are you understanding why you're doing what you're doing and not just how to do it, but why do you feel me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like, and I think that's what's going to separate a good teacher from just a guy who put you through boxing exercises. I think that there's a lot of people out here that they could put you through a great boxing workout, but they're not going to prepare you and they're not going to build your boxing IQ the way you need to build it. And um I think that's what we pride ourselves on over here. We make sure that we treat everybody the same whether they want to be fighters or not. We teach you the why. We teach you the how. We reinforce the technique. I mean, I'll see Eddie here working with a guy on the jab and a one two for hours. Like, you know what I mean? It's like because you can always improve the technique and how you deliver the shot. You can always uh you know uh work on it to the point where you're just getting the shot off, you know, good form. So these are all very important things. And of course, uh I guess that's it, right? That's the main things. Yeah, I think those are the main things. You know what I mean? And also like when you say Swiss gyms, like are you are you in an environment that you enjoy? You know, the people around the gym like are they encouraging you or they you know what I'm saying? So you got to get in where you fit in sometimes. You feel me? And even though boxing is one of those sports where you're like I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's just about me. You know, at the same time, you want to try to make you want to kind of have a stable of guys that, you know, kind of enjoy being around. So, you know, I would pay attention to that, too. You know, make sure that the coach, the the owner of the gym or the coach knows how to create community, knows how to create an atmosphere. That's another thing that I pride myself on over here. I try to make everybody feel like this is their home because it is. You know what I mean? And I want everybody in my facility to feel comfortable with each other. I don't if I see one person that's throwing off the V of the whole gym, I'll make that person leave the gym and say you can't box no more. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how talented they are because if they're going to be the poison, the cancer was going to ruin the whole vibe of the gym. I can't have it at my facility. You feel me? &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? So these So this is very important for for you when you're picking the gym. You know what I mean? All right. Many know the how, but few know the why. That's a fact. &gt;&gt; Yes. Can't tell you how many. Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Does the range bundle cover footwork? Well, the range bundle covers footwork for the ranges, but I have a footwork course in the master boxing. So, you get the master boxing bundle that has 16 courses for the price of literally like one course that some of these other boxing coaches are selling out there. I ain't going to disrespect nobody, but I guarantee you they're not giving you as much or as good quality as what we're giving. So, um yeah, check out the master boxing that has everything. But, you know, you want to go ahead and just get one of the courses just to test it out. Go ahead. You know what I mean? But if you get all 16 at one time, you're going to save money because I'm not gonna give you a discount if you buy three and then you're like, "Hey, I bought three. Can I go ahead and just get the rest for the difference?" Nah, you got to trust me, man. Because I've been doing this for a long time. I'm here live. We're demonstrating. I think you know we not gonna give you no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, you can go ahead grab the master boxing bundle or you could just buy one and then buy two and then say, "Fuck, I might as well buy them all." you're going to spend a little bit more money if you do it that way. But, you know, that's an option. Or you could just trust me and get all 16 at one time. You feel me? I don't think that I would go live on YouTube every single day for the month of November. Um, if I wasn't a standup person. And of course, you can email me, DM me. You got my phone number 2157095437. I mean, what else I got to do? And what else do I got to do? &gt;&gt; Listen up. &gt;&gt; Damn, bro. Like, I've only been on YouTube a decade. I've only been coaching boxing for like 13 years. I've only been in boxing for like 25. How long you been in boxing? &gt;&gt; 30 years. Damn, bro. I don't even like saying that no. I used to be proud of that, but now it's like people going to start decoding the age. Like, hold on, bro. [clears throat] I'm going to lie. Hold on. You feel me? You know what I mean? by the youngsters. &gt;&gt; Thank you for the super chat, Danny. All right. &gt;&gt; It's easy to be brave with another man's blood. That's a fact. &gt;&gt; Brave trainers out here. &gt;&gt; I am a switch hitter and take from Crawford style a lot. He's my favorite boxer and guy in the box. What's your best advice for switching stances? correctly in action. Well, first, can I just make a quick point on that? It's great to be inspired by people, but let's just make sure that we are ourselves when we do this boxing thing. I think that, you know, a lot of guys think that they emulate the fighter who's their favorite fighter, but that's not always the case. I'll give you an example. When I first got into boxing, my favorite fighter was Felix Trinidad. Okay? And the reason was because my mother's a Puerto Rican. So obviously Trinidad being a Puerto Rican boxer. He was my inspiration when I first started. I remember I used to try to fight like Trinidad. I used to like keep my hands here and I used to get my ass worked and then I started learning how to box different ways and I started learning the fundamentals and at one moment I thought I was winky right but it it came more natural to me. And then I started doing stuff behind the shoulder and stuff like that and I started learning and then I started feeling comfortable doing that. That was more my identity once I learned this skill set, right? But in my mind, I wanted to be a big left foot puncher when I first started. I'm not saying you can't switch. But when I hear people say things like um I'm like Crawford or I'm like Shakur or I'm like Mayweather, it's like, you know, let's be careful with that. You know what I'm saying? It's good to be inspired by somebody's but let's just be careful by becoming another man's identity because we got to remember before Crawford came around nobody was talking about Crawford right because Crawford was Crawford now Crawford is on top now people want to be Crawford before Crawford who was the guy you see what I'm saying so Crawford stood true to himself and that's why he's in a position where people now want to fight like Crawford now his next gonna be Abdullah Mason Shakur Stevens and Benz now people going want to fight like Benas, but all these guys were due to themselves and that's how they got to where they're at and now we want to emulate them. I'm not trying to be disrespectful and play you answer your question, but that's just my message for people out there because I when people identify themselves as a certain fighter or certain style, right? We talk about that with like the shoulder roll, the Philly shell, right? I'm a Philly shell guy. Hold on, hold on. You may shoulder roll when needed, but them hands need to come up when needed. You see what I'm trying to say? You may fight on the inside when needed, but when you need to get back out of range and utilize your jab, you need to use the tools as needed. You feel me? But anyway, that has nothing to do with your question, just a little added bonus. One more. Let me let me read this one more time. He's a switch hitter. What's your best advice for switching stances correctly in action? Eddie, how would you switch stances correctly in action? &gt;&gt; In my opinion, &gt;&gt; I got I got question so y can see the &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; In my opinion, if you're going to switch stances, especially if you're going to go and start mounting mounting the offense from a distance into obviously need to do it at range and do it safe. So, I wouldn't do it. I would not do it [snorts] like this. Like just go right into it. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right into it. I'm not saying you can't do that. I just think it's not as safe in my opinion. I would do I would be more on the back foot. That's just me. If I'm preparing to mount an attack, an offensive attack, I would then go out and maybe switch to this one. It's a little safer. You're not actually going forward doing it. [snorts] And this one. You see I'm changing the angle too. So if somebody was in front of me, he would have to now he stepping at me this way and as he approaches me this way coming down this line I'm going to end up getting outside here. See what I'm saying? I think my opinion that's saf. Plus if you do that you have the ability to open up and then snap [snorts] a jab as you step forward and go back. Same way here back to orthodox. Also, another one I would use is if I'm in close, just like I showed earlier, I'm talking about inside fighting. I'm on the inside. Now, let Mike used to do this all the time. He would go [clears throat] straight up over here. Get outside the elbow. Same thing with my feet. This is where the open stance is help at closer range. My feet's this way this I'm working stance a little more open. But if I'm close like mid close like this, my stance it's okay to be a little then I have the ability [clears throat] to where if I get to this other side now this is my now now depending on what he's doing. You understand what I'm saying? So either be close or at range in my opinion if you're going to get switches unless you can get them to like and even like I said if they come to you you make an adjustment on this area then you can kind of fight off of that they might come this way your persona bro they got to buy something first edit &gt;&gt; y gotta buy something &gt;&gt; n go ahead All right. Cool. Cool. If I'm pressing and you try seeing and say you try to exit out this way, I don't have to force myself over here, bro. I don't have to force myself to get to look. But anyway, listen. All right. So, say you start going that way. I stand still as he stand. You understand what I'm saying? And if I got him on the ropes, &gt;&gt; oh my god. &gt;&gt; If he slide down, I can use the &gt;&gt; You want to just give him the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] master box for free, bro? &gt;&gt; I'm done. That was it. That was it. Give him the freaking code so they can get it for free. &gt;&gt; My bad. My bad. I got I look the idea if I'm in this stance right &gt;&gt; I let the guy I give the guy enough behind himself put him down let him go and try to get through let him work his way to my other stance because now I got 50% all the way across I don't have to the only thing I got to worry about is somebody behind me there's only one person in the ring so as long as I keep this dude in front of me I'm good I got both stances in my pocket at any As long as I know which is my back foot. You know what I mean? If he's in front of me here, this is my back foot. If he's in front of me here, now this is my back foot. You see guys like Boots and even Crawford, you realize this all the time. It's just that, you know, he might not peek. But now [clears throat] that I told you, pay attention. No, no, no. That's a fact because you know I me and Eddie have talked about this idea a lot where if if I'm here right and Eddie goes uh this way I'm cutting him off usually so he goes this way naturally I don't want to cut him off but if I allow Eddie to pass me right so I'm here passes me I'm south so now you see that now I'm south now you see what I'm saying so I can allow him to pass me and when he passes now I'm southpaw. It looks kind of weird in the camera here, but if I'm orthodox and he passes me, I just take a small step and now I'm south. But you got to be able to operate from both of those stances. [laughter] And you have to be very comfortable in those stances because uh what I like to do with guys is when they switch, I try I try to test them immediately or I'll tell my guys to test that immediately. Like if I see a guy's naturally orthodox and all of a sudden he switches southpaw, we go in with something aggressive as smart as we can, but we go in with something aggressive to test the stance &gt;&gt; to see if he's solid from that stance. &gt;&gt; You feel me? Exactly. So if I see you switch, like I was playing around with one of the kids in here, and granted I'm far more experienced, but as soon as he switched out, I threw a right hand lead just to see how he defended. And of course, he got hit with it, right? And then he immediately switched back. I was like, "Don't play with me with the switch." And because I know how to stop you when you're in that southpaw position. I know how to attack it. You see what I'm saying? So when you see a guy switch, you want to test the switch. I'm not going to say go in foolish because you could run into a check cook or something, but you want to test the switch and see is he solid because some guys will try to bait you and fool you with the switch as if they're comfortable there and they're really not. They're just trying to like operate from a different stance. They want to somehow psych you out. So, you agree? &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; So, you test that. Yeah. You test that switch a little bit. You feel me? Now, I'll tell you one person who wasn't trying to psych me out doing it was Tyson Fury when I was in C. But I switched a lot too. So, over over time me working with him, I started to understand a way for us to be for me to be more competitive with him because it was really really hard early on. So I started to make adjustments based on what &gt;&gt; it's zero hours. &gt;&gt; You understand what I'm saying? So it was it was it was it was fun but hard at the same time because them smart wasn't easy at first but over time it became better and more exciting and fun working with early on. It just definitely was not fun. You know [clears throat] what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Billy said and stop Eddie from giving out the Harvard level pregame. Yeah, &gt;&gt; man. I'm sorry, brothers. I had to stop running my mouth. &gt;&gt; Guys, if this is helpful, please let us know in the chat, man. We're trying our best. This week, I'm going crazy. We're going to be doing this. Are you avail? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're gonna go crazy &gt;&gt; tomorrow and Wednesday. Thanksgiving. So, this is definitely something that we want to continue to do this week. This is the final stretch of No Days Off November. I hope you guys are enjoying it. If this is helpful, let me know in the chat. Um, and I'm going to have all the links for everything for Black Friday in the chat very uh after this. So, how long we been on here? Yeah, we've been on here for a little bit. Uh, we probably answer like two or three more questions and then we got a slide, guys. We've been on here for one minute. So, let me see what y'all got. Yeah, you went crazy, Eddie. I know it may sound simply, but can you show us different variations of the jab and when to use each one? All right, &gt;&gt; that could Yeah, that could be I mean, all right, we'll give you a couple. I'm not going to give you all of them. Of course, we got the basic jab, right? Straight in the middle, right? Again, you got the jab with slips outside of it and pops the jab. All right. So, I like that one because that can go to the head or the body and it's like he's slipping, right? So, what's beautiful about that jab is like he's giving me a target. I think I can hit him. Bang. And then he catches me with that particular jab. All right. So, it be like he could do it too. Like, for instance, if he throws a jab, a lot of the times the return jab is the counter. So, I can go like he could throw a jab here at the same time. So, like bang and I walk into that second jab. &gt;&gt; All right. So that's two jabs right there, right? Then of course we got the up jab, right? One of my favorites where it shoots up high. You don't see it. So he can start here. You know what I'm saying? Go start. You don't see it. Or he can drop here like shoot to the body and then he just brings it up. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. That's a good one. Um he can slip this way. a little more dangerous because you can put yourself in position but it's you like that &gt;&gt; you used to do it all the time it works also slip all the time too and you can also throw that almost like an uppercut like I can slip here and shoot it up like a upside down jab almost Mayweather will call it a spear so it kind of looks like [clears throat] a like a long uppercut Exactly. So, what I like about that, too, is because, you know, you're here with somebody and you know, [clears throat] you give them those different looks and then you kind of see if they're biting on it. They're not doing nothing but you just surprise them with that. You know what I'm saying? That's what I like about that one. Yeah. Because, you know, you you try to put yourself in different spots just to see how they react. Right. I'm here for a second, he don't do nothing. I'm here for a second, he don't do nothing. And when I come here, I got options. I can shoot a right hand lead or I can shoot this or I can shoot a hook to the body. When you're on this position, you can throw multiple punches. Even though it seems like you're in a rolling position, I can get you a pull counter from right here. There's a lot that I can do. Even though it kind of looks like &gt;&gt; Damn, you getting a lot of game, too. What the hell you talking to me? Yo, &gt;&gt; I just wanted the shot. I wanted the credit. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I ain't ready to take my shot. &gt;&gt; Hold up. Hold up. Yo, come on. &gt;&gt; I want you to take my shot, Eddie, on my channel, man. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Listen, it's Eddie's channel, too. Make sure you guys follow him on his YouTube channel, fight like a pro, guys. Show support. Go to the website, coach Anthonyboxing.com. Grab the masterboxing bundle. If you're not on the waiting list for milliondoll mits, I'm about to put the link in there. I'm going to teach you guys how to hold these mitts like a pro trainer. Whether you have experience or not, it doesn't matter. You've never boxed before. I'm going to teach you how to hold these mints and you're going to learn how to make some money with these mints. &gt;&gt; Hold on. Hold on. You was just talking about that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I just did and you were about to give away that. [laughter] All right. All right. Yeah. Okay. Hold on. There's a super chat up here that I missed. Okay. Danny, why is USA boxing they say? Why in USA boxing they say stay tall fighter tall? Not sure. &gt;&gt; Well, &gt;&gt; you know, do you know what they're saying? What he's saying? &gt;&gt; Tall fighter stay tall, box like up on the toes range like that. I get what they're saying. &gt;&gt; Okay. I didn't quite understand the question, but okay. &gt;&gt; Use the ring. I I'm not saying that that's wrong, but it's just for me. Um because I fought I fought guy by the name of Alex. Now he was 6'8 and he had decent feet and tried to keep me at bay with using that his movement and I'm going to tell you once his once and because I'm good defensively and I like to walk down he started to try that and use it and a lot of his shots went past my head. Once his shots went past my head I had plenty of opportunity landing combinations on the inside. You know what I'm saying? Plus, I had decently obviously really good footwork, too. But what I'm saying is I think like how Vladimir fights at range is much more effective. But Emanuel shows Vladimir how to keep smaller guys from getting in by sustaining range by using a bent stance. Not completely bent. Obviously, he was still using to some degree, but he was using more range than height. I think height is just a big target. [snorts] You know, overhand, right? can land on them. Big big uh gazelle type hooks can land on it on on a guy big saw standing up tall kind of like a monkey. But you know what? Not to cut you off. I think that's basic fundamental. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like if you're tall, stay tall. You're small, stay small in the in the kind of like uh because you you don't want to be a small guy trying to be tall. Exactly. And you don't want to be a tall guy trying to be small. &gt;&gt; Of course not. &gt;&gt; Right. I mean, even though there's exceptions to the rule for the taller guy shrinking down in certain situations a little bit, but you know, um I think that that's just basic fundamental kind of like if you're good at distance, if you're tall, stay at range. Now you had guys like Jacob Corales who fought in the pocket, guys like the Inferno guy and you got &gt;&gt; these guys. They'll get in there, but you would mix it up and but they're breaking fundamental rules, but there there's always exceptions to the rule. I think I think USA boxing tries to give you the fundamental basic principles, &gt;&gt; but that's not the end all be all. But this is what's probably going to work most of the time, especially in amateur boxing. &gt;&gt; You mean, and the reason why I say maybe because there are guys, it's not common thing, but there's guys like me that are out there. You know what I mean? What what it took for uh uh Ry planting his feet sometime movement nonetheless. Not saying that that he didn't move, but he used angles and made him pay for his extra aggression. Being up on the toes and just p trying to stay away is not necessarily going to keep a guy who's aggressive in low to the ground. But in a three round amateur fight, &gt;&gt; that's true. Maybe maybe you can survive in three rounds. You fight in pro fight, which is right. If you're fighting amateur, that can work. That absolutely can work. but it's short and then you can clinch and you know you'll get warnings and stuff like that but as long as you can clinch and keep them away enough and land enough you know pitter pass shots you'll be okay but professional fight not going to fly not tomorrow there you go man I hope that answer your question champ all right so listen guys I'm going to go ahead and put this uh million-dollar mitts link in the description so you guys can go ahead and get on this waiting list because everybody on the waiting list is going to get first dibs at this. This will be coming out this week. So, I hope you guys jump on board with this. Um, and that's basically it, man. I need everybody to grab my phone number, text me at 215700 so you can be alerted when I go live. Any questions you got, shoot me a text there. I'll try my best to answer everybody. I can't promise that I'm gonna answer everybody. But that's basically it, man. Um, we're done for tonight. I hope you guys enjoy the live stream. If this was helpful, drop a comment and we'll be here tomorrow. And we'll be here every day this week, man. Even on Thanksgiving, I just got to sit there and show y'all me eating some food or something. Like, I will be on here every single day this week, guys. Super excited. And uh, thank you for pulling up and spending your time with us, man. Is it the shorter &gt;&gt; for million dollar mits? Why did I call this million dollar [music] mits? Cuz I'm going to make you look like a million bucks, man. As long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you [music] learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a pair of mits, I'm going to level up your mitt game 100%. Working with professional fighters that put me in world title [music] corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. I like to think that I'm a person who can teach you how to do this at the highest level considering [music] I've been to the highest level of boxing. Mits is what literally put me in that position. This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lame for somebody who knows how to hold mits. You could be a great coach. You could be a great teacher. You could be a great personal trainer. But this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to [music] make people look at you. I'm going to teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this course that's going to help level you up. &gt;&gt; Good short commercial. And I, you know, I got to leave y'all with the 10-minute &gt;&gt; for million dollar mitts. Why did I call this million-dollar mitts? Cuz I'm going to make you look like a million bucks, man. As long as you let me guide you. As long as you listen, as you learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a pair of mittshu, I'm going to level up your m game 100%. I got a lot of things to say about Mitt Work [music] because Mitt work literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's his full name? Who's Coach Anthony? Anony's first name was Cantony's last name. &gt;&gt; Rodriguez in that corner. [music] &gt;&gt; A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer. You know, Mits was really what [music] people hired me for. Right. &gt;&gt; Working with professional fighters that put me in world title [music] corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. [music] &gt;&gt; This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, you want to [music] do it the right way. I like to think that I'm a person who can teach you how to do this at the highest level considering I've been to the highest level of boxing. [music] &gt;&gt; Two rounds and you're a world champion. You got to work. He is a defending world champion fighting tonight [music] with his trainer Freddy Anthony. &gt;&gt; Work with some of the best boxers in the world. [music] Mitts [music] is what literally put me in that position. You could be a great coach. You could be a great teacher. You could be a great personal trainer supervisory, [music] &gt;&gt; but this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people look at you and make people say, "Hey, man, that guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person. &gt;&gt; I'm going to teach you. [music] It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this course that's [music] going to help level you up." &gt;&gt; [screaming]