Kind: captions Language: en um in all the the the analytical mind, boxing mind, but then at the same time uh uh um Crawford never been to 160 the moment he gets hit in the arm and in the body and stuff like that or is he going to think differently? Right? So those are the question that that um that gets into into the boxing mind. Is that going to be enough? is his skill gonna be enough when you start feeling those power from the bigger guy, heavier power from the bigger guy, you know. But then if it is enough, then it's a different story. That's some that's this is why we uh we we look into this fight, for me at least, I look into this fight because both guys have the the the capability of beating the other. But I'm looking at it in a 50-50 way because I know when it comes down to to skills, Crawford has it, but when it comes down to power, Canelo has it, right? The question is, is Crawford gonna be able to do what Mayweather did or BBball did or or or or is it gonna come up to to like the way Charlie came in, right? Where he got hit and and and that was it, right? I mean, to me, I going to fight I had him, you know, winning the fight until Canelo took that away from from him. You know, that's the question when you go up in there, is that going to be a big factor for for Crawford? Now, Crawford, he he's he's he's a he's a dog. Like, he he he got a dog in him that I'm like, he's ready to go. It doesn't matter, you know? Not that the other guys didn't. It's just that when when when you're outguned with something that you don't have, it messes with your mind and and depends on how you are mentally, it's going to show in your in your fight. But going into this fight really I think this is why this fight is in is is very uh interesting because there's so many dynamics that we don't know about. &gt;&gt; So who do you So who you going to pick? &gt;&gt; I got 50/50. &gt;&gt; You got a 50/50. &gt;&gt; I got a 50/50. &gt;&gt; So if somebody came to you and said you got to bet the house, Nonito. There is no 50/50. &gt;&gt; I just got to see the first round. That's it. If I get the first round, I know exactly who's going to who who I'll pick. &gt;&gt; Okay. because I just know the thing is I can't choose something that that there's so many thing in it now if I bet on on stuff like that man I'mma go in there and start I'm like you better knock this out no but but but got the skills like I said but Canelo has that experience in that weight class he's the bigger guy he he's a he's a he's a tank you know is he able to go uh uh to surpass that or or will will um will will Crawford be just going around and and just you know step around him? That's the question. See, I can't I can't go in there. And that's why I'm in the middle, you know. In the middle. I'm in the middle, man. You understand what I'm saying though, right? &gt;&gt; So, basically, we got nowhere, folks. We got no decision. We got no &gt;&gt; It's a draw.