Kind: captions Language: en So, basically, round one, what I want you to do is you're simply going to take this and you're going to hit it with your left hand. So, for me, I'm an orthodox boxer, so I'm going to start with my lead hand. If you're a southpaw, you can start with your right hand, right? But it's basically going to be my jab in hand. And all I'm going to do is hit it, right? And I'm going to keep I'm going to keep the other hand up, and I'm simply going to hit the speed bag the way I just did. All right. And I'm gonna do that for three minutes. We all know that a boxing round is three minutes. So, I'm gonna get into my stance. I'm simply gonna go right and I'm going concentrate and I'm going to continue to do that. That's going to be round one. Okay. Now, round two, you're going to do the same thing with your rear hand, right? And you're going to keep the opposite hand up. So, it's going to be just like this. Okay, that's as simple as it gets. So, you're doing the left arm and you're doing the right arm or the right arm and the left arm depending on how you start it off. Orthodox or southpaw, it really doesn't matter. Now, the next one is going to be a little bit more of a challenge, but you're simply going to go one, one, right? So, I'm going to I'm going to get in front of the bag. I'm going to go one, one, one, one. Now, you see it's getting a little crazy now. You noticed I'm about to This It's good that you guys saw that. And this thing right here is getting on my nerves, but it's good you guys saw that. You saw how the bag was getting crazy. Most people will try to like stop the bag and reset it. I try not to do that. What I try to do is walk with the bag till I find that sweet spot. So, let's say that happens again. But this is actually like a So you notice how like it was starting to get a little crazy and it was messing up. I I was kind of walking. I'm walking to that sweet spot and then once I find it, I just go ahead and I double down because I don't want to get into a habit as soon as the bag messes up, I'm like stopping it, right? And that's kind of like with a heavy bag, too, right? I always tell people, find the bag. So, the same thing with this. You find it, but the whole key to that round is going one, one, one, one, one, one. There's not two, two. It's one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one.