Kind: captions Language: en How to counter the cross with the cross. So, you're countering the punch that you're getting thrown at with the same punch. Very good move. Very sneaky. All right. So, let's bring it over here. All right. So, this is going to have to be sort of a anticipation counter. Not an anticipation counter, but a timing counter, I should say. So, I'm here facing Eddie. Eddie is giving me a target that I think I can hit. Okay. He thinks I can hit. And then I'm going to shoot it. But he's going to have to actually see the hand release slightly before he makes the move. If he makes the move too soon, he might take I might not throw the shot anymore or whatever. But if he times it perfectly, so when my hand is about right here, he's going to start to move his head and &gt;&gt; you going to switch this way through the cross and you don't even bring the cross. &gt;&gt; Right. So it's here and bang. Okay. So there you go. Eddie got it now. Okay. Took me a while, bro. Told you we don't rehearse, man. We just All right, so look, he's going to be right here and bang. So, you see what happens? So, basically what's happening is he's slipping and throwing the cross at the same time. Now, he can't slip too soon. Like I said, he has to he has to see the shot actually get released, semi-released before he makes that move. If he makes the move when I'm still here, it's too early. You see what I'm saying? So, what he has to do is actually allow the shot to almost get halfway. I'd say like a quarter of the way as he's making the move and he's just going to shoot the shot right down the pipe. Ready? And bang. Okay, that shot can go to the head or the body cuz I got the body protector on. I let Eddie throw it to the bottom. And bang, there you go. Nice and straight. Bang. There you go. Nice and straight. Bang. Okay. And if he was throwing it to the head, bang, there you go. Put on it. Bang. There you go. Bang. There you go. Bang. So, there you go. Very simple. He's slipping and bringing the shot with him. Very good counter. Okay, he's splitting right through the guard as he's throwing.