Kind: captions Language: en What's his full name? Was coach Anthonyy's first name. What's Anony's last name? It's Anthony Rodriguez. Hey. Well, Anthony Rodriguez deserves deserves the credit, man. Ford had that was a motivational corner between 11 two rounds and you're a world champion, but you got to work. But Anthony Rodriguez, coach Anthony and that corner of Wake For and the strategy they put forth and the motivational messages that coach me, my favorite coach, Coach Anthony, Coach Anthony, fantastic guidance in the biggest fight of his career. Great job by the corner for Coach Anony's name is Tim. This guy deserves a lot of praise. Every single round, he guided him to victory. He's motivated him. He's told him what he needed to do. They had a game. My boy Coach Anthony was holding the man, man. They can't hate on you no more, man. You got a chance. Whoa. You see that? Hey, y'all want to learn real boxing? Check out Coach Anthony boxing. Shout out to Coach Anthony and Coach Anthony Boxing. What's going on, guys? Your boy Coach Anthony, and I got a banger today. So, if you clicked on this video, consider yourself very lucky. Y'all could be charging big money for this, but of course you know I'm not because you know I love y'all, man. I got Ethan Gonzalez, future world champion, here with me. We're going to go ahead and demonstrate how to cut angles on the inside. Okay, now this is a very important thing to understand because a lot of guys on the inside, don't get me wrong, you don't always have to cut angles on the inside. But if you do, if you got good feet, if you're in good shape, you're going to be able to really, you know, make your opponent very uncomfortable, especially when they try to go ahead and muscle up on you and you got those little quick moves that are going to keep them confused. So, we're going to start off with the body, right? Right? Cuz typically when you're on the inside, the body is what's going to get worked on most of the time, I would say. So when he goes ahead and he shoots that hook to my body, we're going to have him go ahead and cut an angle. And now he's in position for an uppercut. Right. So let me go ahead and show that one more time. Bang. Bang. Good. One more time for that can see it. Bang. Bang. Okay. So, it doesn't matter how I decide to hold the mitt, he knows where the shot's going to go. I'll do it one more time for you. Bang. You see it? So, that's beautiful. Okay. I can also do it like this. Bang. Bang. See, I'm just holding the mid different ways. Okay. Now, he can do the same thing on this side. If he decides to drop this shot, he goes ahead and he shoots that shot. Okay. So, one more time. Beautiful. Okay. Again. Okay. Cool. So, now when would you do that? Obviously, this is on the inside video, right? But you're going to do that when you're on the inside and you guys are kind of pressing up on each other, right? So, let's just say go ahead. Press up. We both pressing up on each other. We both working, right? He's working. And then he decides he's going to go ahead and make that move. Me personally, I like to lure my opponent to sleep. So, you got to kind of use a little bit of anticipation. You got to be reading your opponent and kind of catch him in that moment where you see he's kind of like he fell asleep for a second. Is that the right way to put it in your mind? Like he kind of fell asleep for a second. You right? So, he's here. We're working, right? And then he's here. Make that move quick. The feet got to be quick. Okay? Cuz I always tell people angles are easy to deal with. Okay? The only way you're going to get an angle off on your opponent is if you freeze him. Because if you go ahead and he just makes the move and I all I got to do is turn with him, right? So what he has to do is he has to get the shot off. Once he once he gets that shot off, it can happen very quick. Okay. So one more time. Go. Bang. Good. All right. And we already demonstrated the other side is the same idea. Good. So, let's go ahead and let's work it like if we working the mids on the inside. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You see how I let him get back to his distance, right? So, now we're getting into another thing because I wouldn't just keep him on the inside like that. I probably push him back to the center and let him work his way back in. We try to keep it realistic. Okay. Now, the same things can be done to the head. he can go ahead and shoot that hook to the head and then cut and rip the uppercut. Okay, so he's going to go ahead and do it. Okay, now we were just talking about this when the camera was off because Ethan made a good point. He said you can shoot a hook and then shoot another hook. And yes, you can. Absolutely, it can be done. The reason I like the uppercut though when he shoots that hook and he cuts the angle when I turn with him, which I will because I'm a quality fighter, I'm going to have my right glove up to protect for that hook, but he's coming up the center, a shot that I'm not going to see. Now, you can still maybe throw that second hook. Maybe the opponent drops his hand, right? Maybe you fire back a straight right hand after that. That would be nasty. So, let's do it right here. You go bang. Okay. Now, why would I think that would work? Clearly, if he did that, go ahead. He cuts the angle. Bang. Bang. So, now he's coming back down the middle with the hope that that right hand either breaks my guard or splits my guard, right? So, that can be done. So, that's why I said what he said was actually not wrong. It's just a preference thing for me to go ahead and cut and shoot up the center real quick. Okay. Now, you can also do the same thing on the other side, right? So, he could throw the right hook. Bang. Right. Again. Again. There you go. You see that? See how beautiful that look? Damn. This kid got some quick feet. One more time. Bang. Good. Right. From right there. If he wants to go ahead and put himself back in position, he'll finish with a left hook. And then he'll go to the body right there. Too much. Too much. Don't give it to him. Okay. Damn, man. Hey, the champ spoke. I was about to give y'all some game, but he set the stop. So, listen, guys. recap. I know I'm talking quick. I haven't done these YouTube videos in a while, so bear with me if I'm just like going too fast for y'all. Leave it in the comments. Say, "Coach Ant, man, you need practice, man. Maybe your YouTube videos, you just going too fast." But let's go ahead and um recap. We got here, bang. Short uppercut, bang. We got here, bang, and then bang. Okay, we got here, bang, and then bang. And we got here banging in. Okay. And of course you could finish up the combination, all that, but he already said no more free game. Guys, if you guys want to learn more about boxing, all this information is in my master boxing bundle, coachanthony.com, with full explanations. You already know what time it is, man. Make sure you check him out on Instagram. I'm going to have all his links and everything like that in the description box. And you guys already know boxing knife.