Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, we're going to give you guys another heavy bag reaction defensive counter punching drill that you guys can go ahead and do. We're going to go ahead and focus on that shoulder roll. I know a lot of you guys like that Philly shell, the shoulder roll, whatever you want to call it. And of course, we're going to rip a combination right back. So, for this particular drill, we're going to have to use the uppercut bag. Okay. So, of course, you need a partner for this. So, if you're watching this solo, you can't do this. You would have to Yeah. Yeah. you need to get one of your gym buddies, you know what I mean, to go ahead and and work this with you. Now, he's going to go ahead and throw the one, two. I'm going to shoulder roll him, and he's going to come right back with that uppercut. All right, so it's going to be real simple and run. Good. Again. Again. One more. Good. If I throw an uppercut off of that shot, I want you to follow up with a hook. So, he'll go ahead and do it. And good. Again, again. Again. Very good. So, that's how simple it is, guys. You're going to go ahead shoulder roll. Come right back with an uppercut and a hook. Now, if you wanted to freestyle this, he could be boxing the bag. Okay. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Now, check this out. I'm going to give you guys a bonus. You don't always have to shoulder roll. So, right now, I got him shoulder rolling and he's coming back with the uppercut, but he can make that same body motion with his bleed glove up. So, if your block, no, no, just block a regular and you can come right back with something. So, let's just say I catch you in a situation where your glove is up, just catch it and rip right off that. All right. Yes. Uh-huh. So, there you go. So, it's real simple. Now, this is the only thing, guys. I don't recommend that you do stuff like this if you don't have a basic stance, if you don't got basic punches, right? like too many people want to move on to this type of stuff and don't even have the technique down. So, you need to first have your technique down and a certain amount of experience before you even try to do stuff like this. You feel me? So, I know some of you guys are new to the channel. Some of you guys are just starting your boxing journey and you're really excited to get to the cool stuff, but you always want to focus on the fundamentals. You always want to focus on the basics. So, this is a more advanced drill for advanced boxers. And advanced means doesn't mean that you're a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fighter or something like that. It means that you're somebody who understands the mechanics, the rotation of the body, and you know how to counter off your punches. You know what I mean? Or counter off the defense, you know what I mean? And that just takes a certain amount of time and a certain amount of skill.