Kind: captions Language: en What's his full name? What's coach Anthony? Anony's first name. What's Anony's last name? It's Anthony Rodriguez. Hey. Well, Anthony Rodriguez deserves deserves the credit, man. Ford had that was a motivational corner between 11 two rounds and you're a world champion, but you got to work. But Anthony Rodriguez, coach Anthony and that corner of Wake For and the strategy they put forth and the motivational messages that coach me, my favorite coach, Coach Anthony, Coach Anthony, fantastic guidance in the biggest fight of his career. Great job by the corner for Coach Anony's name is Tim. This guy deserves a lot of praise. Every single round, he guided him to victory tonight. He's motivated him. He's told him what he needed to do. They had a game. My boy, Coach Anthony was holding the man, man. They can't hate on you no more, man. You got a chance. You see that? Y'all want to learn real boxing? Check out Coach Anthony boxing. Shout out to Coach Anthony and Coach Anthony Boxing. What's going on, guys? Your boy Coach Anthony and future world champion Ethan Gonzalez. In today's video, we're going to give you guys another heavy bag reaction defensive counter punching drill that you guys can go ahead and do. I've already done a few other ones. If you haven't checked those out, I'll have it somewhere up here where you guys can go check those out after. But, um, this is actually going to be a good one because we're going to go ahead and focus on that shoulder roll. I know a lot of you guys like that Philly shell, the shoulder roll, whatever you want to call it. And of course, we're going to rip a combination right back. So, for this particular drill, we're going to have to use the uppercut bag. Okay. So, of course, you need a partner for this. Or if you're watching this solo, you can't do this. You would have to Yeah. Yeah. You need to get one of your gym buddies, you know what I mean, to go ahead and and work this with you. But at the end of the day, uh if you don't have somebody to help you, then you're going to have to use your vis visualization. You're going to have to use your your imagination on this. All right? But if you do have somebody is much better. All right? So look, I'm going to hold the bag slightly because I don't want the bag to move too much because I want him to be in position for the counter. Now he's going to go ahead and throw the one two. I'm going to shoulder roll him and he's going to come right back with that uppercut. All right, so it's going to be real simple and run it. Good. Again. Again. One more. Good. Now, of course, something like this, you can always f I mean, personally, if I throw an uppercut off of that shot, I want you to follow up with a hook. So, he'll go ahead and do it. And good. Again, again. Again. Very good. So, that's how simple it is, guys. You're going to go ahead shoulder roll. Come right back with an uppercut and a hook. Now, if he wanted to freestyle this, he could be boxing the bag. Okay? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Now, check this out. I'm going to give you guys a bonus. You don't always have to shoulder roll. So, right now, I got him shoulder rolling and he's coming back with the uppercut, but he can make that same body motion with his bleed glove up. So if your block No, no, just block a regular and you can come right back with something. So let's just say I catch you in a situation where your glove is up. Just catch it and rip right off that. All right. You got it. Uhhuh. So there you go. So it's real simple. These are simply just to get your fighter to react or to get your partner to react and fire back with a combination. Pretty self-explanatory. Now, this is the only thing, guys. I don't recommend that you do stuff like this if you don't have a basic stance, if you don't got basic punches, right? Like, too many people want to move on to this type of stuff and don't even have the technique down. So, you need to first have your technique down and a certain amount of experience before you even try to do stuff like this. You feel me? So, I know some of you guys are new to the channel. Some of you guys are just starting your boxing journey and you're really excited to get to the cool stuff, but you always want to focus on the fundamentals. You always want to focus on the basics. So, this is a more advanced drill for advanced boxers. And advanced means doesn't mean that you're a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fighter or something like that. It means that you're somebody who understands the mechanics, the rotation of the body, and you know how to counter off your punches, you know what I mean? Or counter off the defense, you know what I mean? And that just takes a certain amount of time and a certain amount of skill. Guys, go to the website coachanthonybox.com. I'll have Ethan's link descriptions there if you guys want to follow his journey. And yo, last time I rocked this on my Instagram, I got a lot of questions, man. So, I'm going to have the link so you guys can go ahead and cop yourself one of these fire hoodies. I know some of y'all thinking you're like, "Yo, what is that? One of my peoples uh put out this dope clothing line." So, you know, I'm rocking this real quick, guys. So, I want you guys to go ahead and check that out. You already know.