Kind: captions Language: en What's his full name? What's coach Anthonyy's first name? What's Anony's last name? It's Anthony Rodriguez. Hey. Well, Anthony Rodriguez deserves deserves the credit, man. Ford had that was a motivational corner between 11 miles and you're a world champion, but you got to work. But Anthony Rodriguez, coach Anthony and that corner way forward and the strategy they put forth and the motivational messages that coach you my favorite coach Anthony. Coach Anthony, fantastic guidance in the biggest fight of his career. Great job by the corner for Coach Anony's name is Sam. This guy deserves a lot of praise. Every single round, he guided him to victory tonight. He's motivated him. He told him what he needed to do. They had a game. My boy, Coach Anthony was holding the man. Tell them, man. They can't hate on you no more, man. You got a chance. You see that? Y'all want to learn real boxing, check out Coach Anthony boxing. Shout out to Coach Anthony and Coach Anthony Boxing. What's going on, guys? Your man, Coach Anthony, and today I got a video for you. And it's not going to be how to hit a speed bag. is going to be a speed bag workout that you can actually do. So, I know a lot of guys out there don't know how to hit a speed bag, and you guys might want to know how to. I've made numerous videos in that in the past. I'll put that in the link description below. It might even be up here somewhere. Just look out for that. And I'm actually just going to run through it real quick, right? But this is actually something that you guys can do. Now, a lot of boxing coaches, some of the best coaches in the world, including myself, I really feel like this is the most overrated tool in the boxing gym. Now, I hate to talk bad about something that I'm about to teach you guys, but I truthfully don't think you need a speed bag in order to become a good boxer, right? However, if you do have a speed bag around, you might as well use it and try to use it in a way where it's going to be the most effective. You feel me? And uh this is going to be one of many. I got a couple of different routines. I'm only going to give you this one right now. And I'm not going to go through the whole routine cuz I'm not going to sit here and stretch out a video that I can get to you guys quickly. You guys can go ahead and figure this out when you get to the gym. But I'm going to basically run through what you need to do so you can go, you know, be able to do it. So maybe if you come from over here so you guys can see. So, basically, round one, what I want you to do is you're simply going to take this and you're going to hit it with your left hand. So, for me, I'm an orthodox boxer, so I'm going to start with my lead hand. If you're a southpaw, you can start with your right hand, right? But it's basically going to be my jab in hand. And all I'm going to do is hit it, right? And I'm going to keep I'm going to keep the other hand up and I'm simply going to hit the speed bag the way I just did. All right? All right. And I'm going to do that for 3 minutes. We all know that a boxing round is 3 minutes. So, I'm going to get into my stance. I'm simply going to go right. And I'm going concentrate and I'm going to continue to do that. That's going to be round one. Okay. Now, round two, you're going to do the same thing with your rear hand, right? And you're going to keep the opposite hand up. So, it's going to be just like this. Okay, that's as simple as it gets. So, you're doing the left arm and you're doing the right arm or the right arm and the left arm depending on how you start it off. Orthodox or southpaw, it really doesn't matter. Now, the next one is going to be a little bit more of a challenge, but you're simply going to go one, one, right? So, I'm going to get into my boxing stance or not even a boxing stance. I'm sorry. I'm going to get in front of the bag and I'm going to go one, one, one, one now. You see it's getting a little crazy now. You noticed I'm about this. It's good that you guys saw that. And this thing right here is getting on my nerves, but it's good you guys saw that. You saw how the bag was getting crazy. Most people would try to like stop the bag and reset it. I try not to do that. What I try to do is walk with the bag till I find that sweet spot. So, let's say that happens again. Look, this is actually like a a bonus type of a tip. But, let's go ahead and do it. So, you notice how like it was starting to get a little crazy and it was messing up. I I was kind of walking. I'm walking to that sweet spot and then once I find it, I just go ahead and I double down because I don't want to get into a habit as soon as the bag messes up, I'm like stopping it, right? And that's kind of like with a heavy bag too, right? I always tell people find the bag. So the same thing with this, you find it, but the whole key to that round is going one, one, one, one, one, one. There's not two, two, it's one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one. The key is to get those shoulders burning. So, as you notice, we went one arm for three minutes. Left shoulders burning. One arm, 3 minutes. Right shoulders burning. Now, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one. Concentrating on trying to get it for 3 minutes. Now, both shoulders are working. And then the last round, which is the fourth round, that's almost like a freestyle round. Well, it is a freestyle round, but it's kind of like where you could relax a little bit because now you can go ahead and just kind of do as you feel. So now on the fourth round, see, I'm kind of climbing it. So, as you can see, as you can see, I'm basically just flowing now, right? Whatever. Or I could go bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop. It really doesn't matter. I've already put in the hard work of concentrating on one arm, concentrating on another arm, and then going ahead and concentrating on, you know, each arm, and then doing the freestyle round, which kind of like a just let it just flow, whatever. Four rounds, okay? Three minute rounds. That's 12 minutes of work. That's where you start to get some benefit with your shoulders from the speed bag because, you know, the eye hand coordination and all that stuff is great, but the real benefit is getting those shoulders burning so you can go ahead and have that shoulder endurance that you're going to need in a fight. So, for me, the speed bag, if used correctly, could be very beneficial as far as the conditioning aspect. Is a fun tool. It looks cool to especially someone who's never done it before. They see that and they're like, "Oh, snap. That's cool. I want to do it." Fun fact, this is the first thing I learned when I started boxing. I fell in love with it. I was hitting it every day. I still don't even know how to throw my punches, right? But I knew how to hit a speed bag. So, the speed bag is something that you can learn relatively quick. All you have to do is work at it. You can learn this in a couple of days to be honest with you, even if you've never boxed before. And it can be a good addition to your shoulder routine. All right. So guys, if you want to learn more about boxing, I'm going to go ahead and drop some links in the description below. I suggest you take advantage of them because I got a bunch of stuff there that's going to help you take your boxing to the next level. And you already know boxing.