Kind: captions Language: en jump rope drill. Nah, but this ain't going to be jumping no rope though. We going to do it a little different. This is going to be a timing drill that you could work on the heavy bag. A lot of the oldtime boxing coaches would do this with a towel with good reason because with a towel the fighter doesn't have to worry about the jump rope whipping them. You know what I mean? But this is actually I like a little bit better only because of the speed of the rope. I can actually make this go a little bit faster. I'm simply just going to go right here behind the rope. I mean behind the bag. And I'm going to go ahead and spin the rope. Now, I'm not going to be like I'm not doing that, right? I'm going like in a nice controlled uh speed to start. And the only thing we're going to focus on is Ethan getting that jab off. Okay. Number one punch in boxing. And he's going to go ahead and time it. And That's that's what's beautiful about this is real. But once I see that it's a little too easy for Ethan, the speed increases. You notice he's speeding up that rope and his punches are speeding up. Now, think about how dope this drill is. Like, this is really, you have to try to get that jab off. And when you're boxing somebody who has some good defense, it's hard to land that jab. You're not just going to land a jab on a fighter that's a quality guy. You know what I mean? It's going to be difficult. So, you have to really master the timing and the speed and the way you release your jab. Because some guys, they'll telegraph their jab. Some guys will put too much power on their jabs and when you do that, it's harder to actually land. So, this forces you to be relaxed. It forces you to snap. It forces you to bring your hands back. Okay. So, now that I see that he's doing that, now we're going to add that right hand. So, I'll go right back to that normal speed to start. And you don't got to throw the right hand right away. You can just throw it when you feel it after the jab. Huh? There you go. It takes a little bit of timing. That's what's making this. That's what makes this drill real. You see, he got it off. He can't get it off the second time. Let it go. There we go. There we go. See, it's forcing him. It's forcing. Look how quick he had to step back.