Kind: captions Language: en Now, this is something that's a really good thing for people to work on on the heavy bag. All right? Because a lot of times when I see a lot of guys who are just starting out boxing, and most of these videos are geared, just so you know, it's toward beginner beginner intermediate fighters. If you're a more advanced fighter, I'm sure a lot of this stuff you're already doing. If you if you're not doing it, then, you know, more power to you if you learn something from this video. But my main concern is changing your speed when you're hitting the bag. Because what'll happen is for instance people will learn let's just say they learn a basic one two so they'll come on the heavy bag one two right the bag one two and they'll be here one two or maybe you're moving around and you hit the bag jab you hit it with a jab and you go one two threeang right so now what's happening is you're getting into a pattern and you know when you when you're on a when you're when you have a pattern, that's the number one thing that your opponent is going to pick up on. They're going to pick up on your patterns. They're going to be, "Okay, this is the speed that I'm dealing with." When I'm in the ring, when I'm boxing somebody who I don't know in the first round, especially the filling out process, that's one of the main things I'm paying attention to. I'm saying to myself, how hard is this guy here? What kind of power does he have? What kind of speed am I dealing with? How's his reflexes? So, I'm looking at those things before I decide how I want to engage. And a good way to throw your opponent off is by changing speeds. So for instance, if I'm here and I'm boxing the bag and I'm just popping it. See, I'm popping the jab. I'm right throwing the jab right now. 30% speed, 40% speed. So I can throw a couple of jabs just out of nowhere because of the speed on my jab, you know, or I can go, you know, I can go one, two, or one, two, three, go a little faster to the body. So the the key is when you're hitting the heavy bag, you throw punches at a certain speed and and then at the last second, maybe you speed it up a little bit faster. You don't want to just constantly throw the punches at the same speed. So, if I'm just hitting the back of my arm, I'm just going to freestyle the bag a little bit on this here. You see what I did right there? I ripped. I ripped. And the speed was semi slow. I was more focused on placing. And then out of nowhere, I just came in quick. 1 2 3.