Kind: captions Language: en I'm seeing a lot of these young guys, uh, they're finishing their combinations with their right hand and they're not following up with a left hook. And I can't tell you how old school, but how good it is to gain a habit of finishing with a hook. Literally catch the jab seven, eight, nine times in a row. And even though you may not do that in a fight, it's a drill to develop that jab. The most important punch in boxing. And that's also to get you in position. But let me go ahead and break down why you do it, how you do it, or whatever. So the main thing is when you finish with a right hand, what happens is right, throw a right hand and now he's here. Now the problem with this is he's not in position. He has to literally go back into position. But when he finishes with a left hook, he's automatically back in position, which allows him to start back over. It's the same thing with a jab. Let's just say he throws a 232 and he comes with a double jab. Bop pop. he is back in position. So for you guys who want to know why the old-timers used to say finish with a hook or finish with the jab is to put you back into position as you're throwing a punch. All right, that's the real theory behind it. Um that's been going on before I was alive. Okay. Uh but if you do finish with a right hand, right, he throws a right hand and he brings his hand back, right? That could happen right there. You see that? He tried to he tried to make it was too late. I already got there. Now, the thing is even if you block it, you still feel impact. Okay? And sometimes those shots still rattle your brain and it's just something that you don't want to feel. So, the better option is to roll under, right? So, if he throws the right hand, now he gets under. But, we're going to go ahead and go over the first one, which is finish with a hook. And a good way to drill finish him with a hook besides throwing like a basic one, two, three, let's say he does a one, two, three. Bop bop. Right? That's the first one. He could throw one one two three bop. Right? If you go body head, which you see a lot of guys doing on the mids now, body head is a great combination. Right? You throw a body shot, then the head shot straight right hand, right? A lot of guys are chopping there. He naturally rolled, which is a good thing. But if you don't roll, which we'll get to the roll in a second, you finish with the hook. So go ahead, pop, right? You see how he threw three, four shots right there? You also could just do two. A lot of times guys think they got to throw three, four shots. Let's say he does a body head. He just throws two shots. Throw the two, right? Don't even take the angle yet. Now he's giving you more. What he's doing when you see him making those moves, those are angles or whatever. Listen, I got an angle instructional that is coming out. But um man, stop giving away my stuff, man. All right, but look. Anyway, we're going to go ahead and go body, head, go pop. All right. So, he just throws two shots. Go ahead. RIP. Okay. So, you got two shots, right? One more time. Or he can throw four.