Kind: captions Language: en And this is how you drill finishing with a hook. Let's give you one more. Uppercut hook, straight right hand hook. Ready, go. One more shot. Ready, go. That's a good finishing with a hook. A lot of times guys work the three shots will be uppercut, hook, right hand roll. But that's just as good. Now, let's talk about the double jabs and the triple jabs at the end of the combination. Right. So, another good way to drill that is anything you any combination you do automatically fire that double or triple jab. You know what I mean? Without even having to call it. So, let's just say we start off with that uppercut straight right hand that we just did. All right. Bring it back. You don't even got to bring the roll. Just let it flow. Go. Okay. So, you know that's how that works. 2 3 2 Good. One, two, one, two. Okay. So, I don't even have to tell him. He already knows to automatically fire that jab. And what that does is it gets him in the habit of utilizing that lead hand. But not only that, as soon as he's done with his combination, he's right back into position, ready to work, ready to create new opportunities. Excellent habit to form. And then the last one would be rolling out. Okay. So, he throws the right hand and he rolls. Now, this one you save for if you know you're going to finish with the right hand. All right. So, we're on the inside. He throws a right uppercut. He rolls out. We're in close. He throws a right hook to my body. He rolls out. Right. He throws a one two. I try to counter him back. He rolls out. So, there you go. At this situation, he has made a decision that he's not going to finish with a hook. So, he rolls his head because if he doesn't roll his head, as you saw earlier, he has to either eat the shot or he possibly may even worse get countered with that hook. And you don't want to really feel that shot. It also resets your body the same way, right? So, look, just face the camera. He throws the right hand. He's out of position. Roll now. Right back in position. Look the starting point. Look how that is. Look how beautiful that is. You know what I'm saying? One more time. Rolls out. I mean, my bad. Throw the right hand. Rolls out. Right back in position. Same thing. Face the camera again. Throw the right hand. Bring the hook back. Right back in position. Okay. Throw the two three two. Then finish with a double jab. Pop. Right back into position. All right. It don't get more old school than that. And that works is this works. This is I don't make up stuff. I only pass on to you the jewels that were passed on to me by the people who are credible. And this is something that you definitely should add to your boxing if you're not already doing it.