Kind: captions Language: en Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Hey, [music] hey, hey, [music] hey, [music] hey. [music] Yo yo yo yo yo. What's good guys? Welcome to No Days Off November. It's your boy Coach Anthony and other than the fastest human being that ever laced up a pair of gloves. Fast Eddie Chambers, world class professional boxer, my demonstrating partner on Dan Air. If you go through my YouTube channel, I got like a thousand videos. I'd say at least 597 of them on Eddie Chambers. I got 16 courses and he's on damn near all of them. You know what I mean? And the Philly shell, the shoulder rope, that was one of my most requested courses. Something that I dropped about I don't know man almost a decade ago. That course is I mean you can see it in my face, the youthfulness in my face when I dropped that course, the Philly Shell System. And right now I do got a Black Friday sale. So, if you guys are interested in getting that course, you can go ahead and get it on coachanthonyboxing.com. Black Friday month, I give out a bunch of deals. Another thing, guys, million-dollar myths coming out very, very soon. I'm teaching everything [clears throat] I know about myth works. So, all myth holders out there, people who want to learn how to be coaches, people who want to just improve being a coach, I think I can teach a thing or two about myths, man. Don't let your ego get in the way. There's something that I can teach you. There's definitely something to learn. And I know for a fact you let me guide you, I'm gonna make you one of the nastiest lifters out there. I mean, I ain't got nothing to hide, guys. I'm giving it all away right now here at CA Boxing Gym facility in Florence, New Jersey that Eddie Chambers helps me coach all my people with. And Eddie, what's your YouTube channel? Eddie got a YouTube channel also teaching how to game. Fight like a pro. &gt;&gt; Fight like a pro. You know what I'm saying? So, you want to learn how to coach like a pro. Want to learn how to fight like a pro, you know where to go. All right, so we going to talk about the Philly shell, Eddie. And yo, first before we get into it, this is the pros and the cons of it. So, one thing that I noticed about you, Eddie, is when you fought as a professional in your heavyweight fights, I didn't really see you using it much. Eddie was a guy who fought with his hands up very high, but in the gym, I've seen Eddie show, row, drop, pivot, turn, do all type of stuff. What's your [snorts] mindset? So, we can talk a little bit about that because this is a pros and the cons video on why you didn't use it in fights, but why you do use it and what do you see from a fighter's perspective as the pros and the cons? Well, initially, you know, I got really comfortable with the hand since I was a kid, you know what I mean? So, that was always my kind of go-to. So, that became my goal professional. But as I got more experienced and learn more things, start more uh try more things even fights. There's a few fights. One in particular was so much a lot um but a lot of it had to do with the height and range of the fighters I was fighting. If I'm gonna fight, if you're gonna fight the Philly shell, which is, you know, requires the shoulders for defense. Sometimes if it's a really tall enough guy, you kind of go over the top of the shoulder a little bit. I mean, you still can avoid it. I've done it. I've been able to use get away from tall guys shots to even there, but I just wasn't as confident using it. I didn't really work on it or work at it that much too when I was a little younger. Even when I like fought for there was certain things that I did. I watched a lot of James Tone. I really love I love the idea of using the shoulder wall coming back with the right hand but I just didn't really feel that comfortable using it and typically that's why but in sparring is where I started to get a little more started to work on things watching him so I started to watch James a lot closer than just watching the fight seeing how excited the fight was and loving the skills but I started studying it and then once I started to study it I be more confident with it a little bit more uh wise to it then I use it a little more like even um even in my in my recent fights. Well, I had one fight. It's not something to talk about, but I use a little bit of remnants of it. And now going forward, if I was ever fighting, which probably not going to just to be honest, um I would still be using it, probably even more. It just depends upon the opponent. And also, real quick, man, for a lot of guys out there, man, you got a lot of old trainers and a couple trainers that will say that the shoulder row and the Philly shell are two different things. So, I just want to be clear. Um, I like to say the Philly show, especially for internet purposes because that's what I notice a lot of people will refer to the show and grow as. So, you got like the show and bro, people call it the Philly shell. I've seen people [clears throat] call a guy who just has his hands like this the Philly shell, which that's not the case. That's just keeping your lead hand low. But the Philly shell, what I would say is the shoulder roll is one piece of the Philly shell. Okay? So, when we're talking about a complete system of it, there's more that goes into it, but the shoulder roll is the main line of defense for the most part in this particular style when it comes to shots coming to the chin for the most part. I mean, you got guys that bring their arms like this, guys that do this. You see what I'm saying? Um, this right here, this right here protects the body, right? So, let's go ahead and show them the stance. Let's get started with the stance real quick. All right. So Eddie will get into the show stance, which will be for this video purposes the Billy shell. And as you can see, he has the bar right across the stomach. Right? So that right there presses up against the elbow. Okay? And he's got his chin behind his shoulder. Now, I think the that's the biggest mistake that I see with guys, especially these younger guys that try to do the shell or the shoulder rope that weren't that don't work on it properly. They really don't tuck that chin behind that shoulder. That chin got to be tucked. Like literally like that shoulder, you got to feel it on your damn chin because if you just go ahead and go like this, you wide open, right? You can't just do this for looks. just got to be yo that. So I seen a drill one time that I really liked from um I forgot who I seen the trainer do it but I I stole it and I put it in my pocket and all he does is he teaches his guy to go right here. So that's the first thing right. So I bring that shoulder to the chin. Good. So go ahead show the people. All right. You see that? Like you got to get comfortable with that. Once you get comfortable with that, then you can learn how to roll the body. You rotate the body. You know what I'm saying? Let's come over here. I got two live streams. Like I got it don't really look too good on the long. Hey guys, I got the long version. Pause. You guys who are watching it on this like short I see you guys right here looking at the camera right now. It's not really fit both of us in the frame good enough. So go to the live stream that has the long version. So you guys can go ahead and see that next time if I want to shoot that. It's a new option that they gave me on the live stream. So for anybody out there that's having trouble in frame, make sure you guys go to the the one that looks like a regular long YouTube video and you'll be able to see that. Anyway, so go ahead. So anyway, Eddie's going to go over here. He's going to show the roll. Okay. Now, when you show the roll, it's obviously to protect your chin, but it's also you're rolling the body. See, you're in position to counter punch. That's the main part of the role. So, when I go over here, look where my body's at. It's locked and loaded and come back or something, right? So, if I go ahead and shoot that, he can come back straight right hand or another cut. Either one. And somebody really, it really just depends what you see at that particular moment, right? So, he might go ahead and shoot underneath. Bam. Go ahead. Do it real quick. I got it. Good. And catch it on the mid, guys. For my mid holders out there, you can do it the way I just did it. All right. Sometimes it's easier to just go like this and get him to turn shoulder the same way and then come back. So like like I might go like this, but it ain't the jab that he's rolling. He'll notice the right hand, but just for catching purposes. Go ahead. Like on the shoulder, right? Right. And he can do it [clears throat] with a straight right hand. Okay. Beautiful. Go. because those shots they work really really well. Now the pro to that is obviously that he can come back with a beautiful shot. The shot comes off the shoulder. The con to that is if he doesn't time it and I get to that chin, right? There's no glove there. What's good about this is sometimes you got to think and the hand is there, right? That's why &gt;&gt; would you say that the show is not for everybody? I would definitely say it's not for everybody. You're not going to if you're not defensively responsible, if you're not utilizing to the best of your ability, defensive purposes along to to add to your offense, then you're going to be a target. And you may you may get away with it for a while depending on the competition, but eventually once the competition gets high enough, once some of these guys just don't care about what you're doing or coming back, you will run into some problems. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I'm going to tell you, man, it takes a long time. Like me, I never fought professionally, especially not like Eddie Chambers over here. But for me, when I first started learning uh the shoulder roll, the how to bend the waist and all the stuff that I teach in the course, um it took me a good year, maybe longer, to really like for it to click. I remember I was being taught it and I was working on it and but I was never using it and smart. When it was time to box, I would always revert back to what I knew. And then it was like one day I just woke up and I got through a jab and I was like, I'm like, "Oh, shoot. It just came out." You know what I mean? And it was like I was like, "I'm starting to get it." And then I started to use it and I started to really feel confident with it and confident enough to teach it to people because I felt like I owned it because I started to actually pull it off against some decent guys. So that's But that took me, no lie, at least over a year of just learning it. Like so somebody could teach you this once and it doesn't mean you got it. Like it really takes time. Especially if you came from a traditional stance where you're always boxing like this and now somebody's trying to teach you this. You might understand the concept, but to actually execute it is a lot different. And I'd argue like shoulder [snorts] rolling and coming back with the right hand, I feel like that's a hard thing to actually do. Like shoulder rolling and coming like shoulder rolling and bending the waist to me is far easier than shoulder rolling and coming back with a punch. like the confidence level was right &gt;&gt; 100% I can tell you from experience I was working on it you know see guys do things like I said I was a big fan of James Tony I watch all the time trying to do it trying to time it before I was able to do it that much of a fight if you really watch fight with me but I I used you know some things of it I did show the role but I did it with perfect and when I did it with perfection I didn't do it my foot with the shoulder. I use the elbow knock the shot and then turn right hand. &gt;&gt; So when he was using that block, what punches you catch his right hand? &gt;&gt; Okay. So &gt;&gt; So he threw his right hand right. &gt;&gt; I was more so like trying to get I was kind of but what I did was I trust it all the way. So I bring the hand up. I would literally not as I rolled it back right. &gt;&gt; It was like perfectly timed but &gt;&gt; it was because I didn't trust but I wasn't comfortable. So I'm so used to being here. You know what I mean? But I started using them and as I got more comfortable moving my head without my hands being because you know it's easier to move your hand move your head when you drop the hand a little bit as you go to the opposite side. But in that fight, if you pay attention, I was moving like this pulling and I kept my hands tight. You know what I mean? So, yeah. But I it was something that took me a while to really comfort me. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to lie. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. Let me see who's in the chat real quick, guys. I want to say thank you to everybody who's here right now. Eddie, um just trying to give you guys some game real quick. Hold on. Let me just say what's up to everybody. What's going on to my man Tim? What's going on, &gt;&gt; Eddie? See? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You see what I'm saying? So, &gt;&gt; underrated coach here, man. I appreciate that, man. How can the shoulder roll be beat? Philly show. We're not teaching you how to beat our style. No, I'm just kidding. &gt;&gt; Hold on. &gt;&gt; Sounds good. recipe. &gt;&gt; He said the sound isn't good. So Eddie, you just got to talk a little louder. &gt;&gt; Louder. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So, so let's talk about another major component. Another major component of the shoulder roll shed the waist. Okay. So, when you're standing bladed like this, right? So, let me let me explain to you why I think like the benefit is so effective. It's really effective when you're standing blade. Okay? And I'm going tell you, let's just say he's standing traditionally, right? Hands up, right? He's standing traditionally. You see how he's dead center in the middle? So, since he's dead center in the middle, when I throw a right hand, I'm trying to do a little bit. I'm trying to do this in a way where you guys can be interactive with me, right? When I throw a right hand, he will slip this way. Right hand puts me in a nice position to throw that. Okay, love that shot. Beautiful shot. Do it again. Bam. Okay. So, as you can see, he's in the center. He slips the right hand. He rips the shot. That's one option. Right. If I throw a jack, he slip the opposite way. Right hand, right? Boom. Right. So, that's traditional boxing. Right. If I throw [clears throat] a left hook, he will roll under the hook from the traditional stance. He's in the traditional stance. Throw a hook. He rolls it. Real simple. He rolls it. Okay. And so we got the slip outside of the right hand. We got the rolling of the hook. And we got the slipping out the to the right side of the jab. Right? Orthodox versus orthodox. All right. I hope you guys are following what I'm trying to say. Now he's going to stand like this. All right. So now he's standing like this. [snorts] Right? So, let's just say I throw a jack and he bends the waist, I end up here. Okay? If I throw the right hand and he bends the waist, he ends up here. If I go to shoot the left hook, he ends up here. So, look, when he bends the waist, he's going to that same side for the jab, the cross, and the hook. Now, one might say, why would he bend to that same direction? He get timed or whatever the case may be. But the thing is, he's already blading all the weight on this side. All the weight's here. So for him to come all the way here is going to take extra time where he could simply just go shot goes right over the head. And it doesn't matter if it's a jab, cross, or a hook. And what I like to tell guys is to do a [snorts] step back drop. That's one of my signature defensive moves. If you see anybody teaching the step back drop, just know they got it from Coach Anthony because I made it pop here. Now, I learned this from one of my old coaches back in the day. I don't make nothing up. However, I know that I'm the one who made it popular on the internet. Anybody else doing this? Y'all got this from me. I can just go ahead and give him my now because I already know. Right. So, he's right here, right? I'm pop a little bit. Show you the frame. All right. He's here. Step back. Drop. Look at you see where he ended up. Now, why why the step back? Just to create the space. Okay. So, when he does the step back, he creates the space. Second jab. Bang. Now watch this. This is the beauty. Okay, I'm going to do the same thing. Step back, drop right here. Right over the shoulder. I got one more for you. Right, he's here. Step back, drop this right here. Look at that. I'm looking at the camera. I'm not even looking at any. He drops under all three shots to the right side. So that's the pro of that particular technique. Now, why? You notice he has to do all of this for a hook. But from here a hook comes he just does that. Okay. Now you might see guys like James Tony Floyd Mayweather do this. Okay. Um Pel Whitaker from Southpaw stands do this. Guys like Georgie Bennett who you know is a fantastic trainer. Great fighters do this. Right. These guys all do this type of style. This is a very common thing for that this style of boxing. Right now the pro to that is that you can avoid all your shots. Give you some cons. Okay. He step back and he drops. Right. Let's say he comes over here. He step back. He drops too soon. Back of the head. Okay. It happens quite a bit. All right, guys. But the time to drop wrong. Okay, I've seen it happen. Another thing that can happen too, um, also another con, when he drops on the right hand, he eliminates the left hook counter to the body because he tilted to the right. So now there's no offensive technique from that position. I mean, you do got this sneaky little right uppercut you can throw, but for the most part, slipping a right hand and ripping that hook to the body is going to be far more devastating than dropping to this side and just touching him with an uppercut. In my opinion, I've never seen a guy really go down off of a drop uppercut to the body, but I've seen many guys go down off of a slip lead to the body because they're going for the liver, which is on the lead side. I mean, no, no, not not for orthodox. The orthodox is on the rear side, but it's on the rear side. And if you're fighting a southpaw is on the lead side. So it's going to be on this side every single time. You understand what I'm saying? Cuz the southpaw leads with delivery. You know what I mean? So you got that. Okay. Um and uh same thing with uh dropping under the hook. When you drop under the hook to this side, you're in a good defensive position. But again, the same idea. Now he could, like I said, shoot that little sticky uppercut. You can touch down there. Don't need to twist it. You can still do something, right? But if he was to roll under a hook from a traditional stance, come back with that right hand. Bang. You see that? It's a big powerful right hand you can bring upstairs or you know me. Or he can even roll under and do the drag. I see what you was doing. They can bring the drag shot from a traditional stance. So there's offensive things that you can do from this position a little bit better than this. I always tell guys when you're standing like this, you're more in a counter punching defensive posture, right? I tell people there's three positions. Pause. In boxing, all right, three positions in boxing. All right. You got traditional in the center, right? And you got what we're talking about here where everything's on that back leg. And then you got the lead, right? Right. Over the leg. Right. Those the three positions from the center. Everything is balanced. Everything is balanced. Right. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Counter punching can happen. It's a little different from here. Right. You got a little bit more defensive. you're a little bit slicker. You got your check hooks. You got your bending. You got your pivoting. Much more slicker, more of that East Coast slick boxing style, American style. And then when you get over here, you're looking for something big on the lead side, whether there's a hook, hook to the body, you know what I mean? So those are the three positions. So when you're boxing out of that shell, it's considered a defensive style for a reason because you're on that defensive posture. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? Anything you want to add to that? No, I always say about the shell is more defensively responsible requires you responsible. Think about even the idea that the shoulder is defensive tack. It requires defensive responsibility. If you're not thinking of being responsible and the shoulder could just be hanging, you know what I'm saying? And you could just be standing high and not being in the right position. And those are the ones you don't mind. But you see guys like Mayweather dare I say even Adrian Broner at times he has made that style Adrian Broner was one of the guys too talk about that that he &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're good. I'm just I'm just checking the comments. He was one of the guys who, don't get me wrong, he was he was great, especially in his prime. He was great, but he made a lot of mistakes with it. When he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it kind of all goes to the top. You know what I mean? But you see guys like James Tony utilize it and you know, guys like that and and of course you see, now this is the crazy thing with James Tony. You could see it as a defensive style, but he actually turned it into a offensive. Hey guys, are you guys only having a problem hearing Eddie or you having a problem hearing us both? Let me know cuz I'll have this fixed by the next No Days Off. I just want to know. Let me in the comments. Talk a little louder, Eddie, because some people's talking about the sounds bad. Well, anyway, like I said with James, James actually turned it into not only a defensive more defensive oriented style, but he made it offensive. You know what I mean? He used some of those tactics that he learned from Bill Miller and different guys like that of how to get to the left side even utilizing the Philly shell. So, man, it was it was it was just fun to watch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, man. &gt;&gt; Shout out to Tony Jeff in the building on Tony Jeff. Shout out. Listen, one thing about Tony Jeff that I respect so much besides all his accomplishments as a uh amateur boxer, we already know he fought for the bronze. Man, the way he just took his YouTube channel to a whole another level. I remember when Tony Jeffs had like freaking 2,000 subscribers. He hit me up and said, "Coach Anthony, let's do a collaboration." I was open to it. I said, "Yeah, let's do it." But I guess life gets busy. &gt;&gt; It's 23 hours. &gt;&gt; Next thing you know, this guy got like 100 million [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] subscribers on like 10 different channels, man. So, big shout out to Tony Jeff, man. is inspiration when it comes to YouTube boxing coaching, especially to me because I watched him come up. Eddie Chambers now starting his own YouTube channel. MAYBE YOU CAN GIVE US SOME TIPS, TONY. HELP US OUT, MAN. WE'RE TRYING TO MAKE IT, MAN. YO, shout out to Tony Jeff, man. Um, so anyway, let me continue what we're doing. Uh, continue what we doing. Uh, okay. Okay. So, it's the it's the voice, man. Uh, okay. Listen, guys. I could try to fix this right now. Let me try to fix this right now, guys. Give me one second. Um, everybody's saying it's like [clears throat] a little oy deal situation, man. So, we're going to have to redo this live because I think it's one of our better lives and people talking about the voice real quick. Give me one second, guys. I'mma get this fixed. Let me get this fixed. I don't know why this the the voice is doing that this time and not last time, but give me one second, guys. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey, [music] hey, hey. [music] Hey, hey, [music] hey, hey, [music] hey. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Can y'all hear me? Show me. Let me know. How's the audio now, guys? Give me some Give me some feedback. Let me know guys. Oh, is that even? Let me know guys if the mic is working. I don't see nobody talking. That's not a good sign. Yo yo yo yo yo. Okay, they say we're sounding more clear. &gt;&gt; Pause. [laughter] Can y'all hear me? Let me know in the chat, guys, if you guys can hear me. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Audio good. Audio good. So, where where was we at? talking about talking about the ben at the waist &gt;&gt; was &gt;&gt; I don't freaking remember &gt;&gt; somebody talking about no not good bro this frustrating me man all right more people are saying good than not good so I'm going to roll with the masses I'm going with the masses going with the masses guys all right so people are saying way better okay I'll take Anyway, so where the hell were we at? That's a good question. &gt;&gt; Wait a minute. &gt;&gt; Where were we at? &gt;&gt; Before I messed up, I apologize about the audio situation, guys. &gt;&gt; You saw Tony Jeff. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Tony Jeff got us so excited. Pause. That it was like &gt;&gt; we got distracted. Like crazy. Like this is crazy. All right. So anyway, so those are the pros and the cons. the the different positions that you're in. The shoulder ro of Philly show is more of a at least from what I like to look at it as is a counter punching slick style of boxing. &gt;&gt; That's what we &gt;&gt; right. Yeah. A counter punching slick style of boxing. Now, maybe some of these guys who do like, you know, like the crossarm and stuff may argue that, hey, man, you can be aggressive with this and, you know what I'm saying, do stuff like this and come up with hooks and stuff like that. Um, I don't necessarily know if I'm calling that the Philly shell. I guess some people may. That's up to debate. But when I say the Philly shell, just know I'm talking guys like Floyd Mayweather. I'm talking guys like James Tony. I'm talking those type of guys. Now you got guys like you in the Holyfield use that use that use the pieces of it and you can have some old school guys that say that's the real Philly shell. So, you know, you know guys who did the Archie and stuff like the Archie Moors of the world like, so hey man, we're just teaching you boxing technique. You guys take it for what it's worth. You guys have an idea of what I'm talking about. Okay, so obviously we already know the pros. So the pros is very slick defensively, great for counter punching. The cons, being offensive with it, you're missing out on certain opportunities that you're going to have to eventually change your position in order to get those shots off. You're not going to be able to stay like that the whole entire time if you're looking to be offensive with it. And you are vulnerable for right hands. Let's just be honest. You're vulnerable for right hands. Like the right hand is number two. &gt;&gt; Jabs, too. Depends on depends on where you put it. Like the little space that you give right here. Even though that may be like h it's not much you can deal with it. You might need to be able to shoulder roll that too. It's still a jab that's still &gt;&gt; okay. So I like that. I like that. So you're leaving some holes. You are leaving some holes obviously because this is a a reactive style. This is a reactive style. This isn't everything's in place and you're just going to catch it. This is reactive. You got to have good reflexes. That's why like athletic fighters do best with this style. If you are an athletic fighter with good coordination, good reflexes, uh, good technique, things of that nature, you're going to be able to pull this off. Guys that are a little bit heavy footed, guys that are a little bit sloppy but strong, maybe this isn't the best approach with you. You may want to work on something a little different. Work on your strengths. Boxing has a way of bringing out your true identity self. You know, like uh if you're an aggressive person, chances are you'll be an aggressive fighter. If you're a thinker, chances are you're going to be a thinker in the ring. If you are athletic, chances are you're going to show true athleticism. If you're a bully, chances are we're going to see a bully because when things get tough, we're going to see the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come out in you. You see what I'm trying to say? That's a fact. Okay? Cuz I've seen it many, many times. And then you're going to have the tough guy that is unfortunately not athletically gifted. And he's going to be willing to show you how tough he is, but he just can't pull it off because he doesn't have the natural attributes that it takes to be a world class fighter, but he's going to fight his ass off and do the best that he can. We're going to see all these different personality traits in boxing. Okay. So, am I right or wrong? 100%. I mean, how many guys have we seen where we were like, "Damn, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can TAKE A BEATING. DAMN, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is tough, but he just don't got everything else. You know, I had an interview I did with Fight Height one time. They were interviewing asking me about skills. I said, "Bro, skills ain't everything in boxing. If it was about skills, the whole East Coast would have a world championship because [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from Philadelphia and New York City. I could bring a 100,000 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in here that could fight, &gt;&gt; but they ain't world champions because it takes more than just skills to be a world champion. You need to have it all. the intangibles, the discipline, the opportunity. Like, it's just a lot. It's just a lot of things that have stars have to align on top of every other attribute &gt;&gt; for you to be a world champion in boxing. You see what I'm saying? Um, so yeah, that's where we're at, guys. I hope we're bringing value. If we're bringing value, please press the like button, share this with somebody, and hopefully the audio is better. I'm going to read the chat now. any questions you got. We'll open up a Q&amp;A now for a few minutes and then we're going to slide because obviously we do no days off November every single day for the month of November. So I can see you guys right now. Hold on. All right. A lot of people saying this stuff is better. All right. Any Q&amp; A's, guys? Talk to us, man. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I just did. &gt;&gt; Any Q&amp;A's, guys? I'm right here reading the comments. I'm seeing everybody talking about the audio. I don't see too many questions, but it's probably better now. That was probably the old whole old thing. Audio's pretty good now. Well, it's obvious that &gt;&gt; All right. Somebody said, "Tips on avoiding the right hand when getting hit too much." I'm gonna give you guys a good one right now. You ready? Watch this. This is how you avoid the right hand when you're getting hit too much. Bring your left hand. There you go. [laughter] You know what's funny? everybody and and one of the biggest issues and this is diff one of the biggest difference between Floyd's and Broner was that he understood when things got to a point where he couldn't deal with catch the right hand the right way with the shoulder he had to bring his damn left hand he always did whatever he needed to yes he fought predominantly out of this position you know mostly but when it got to the point where he was not timing it properly like when he fought Shane start bringing that left hand &gt;&gt; one more time in case you forgot Got it. You can't hit with the right hand. Problem solved. Bring that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. &gt;&gt; Bring it up. Bring it up. &gt;&gt; Problem solved. Now, don't try to do nothing crazy explicit. And I'm only trying to I'm obviously being a little funny, but at the same time being dead serious. If you can't see the punch, then it's time for you to bring your hands up. &gt;&gt; Don't worry about slipping. We tell guys all the time, even here in the gym, don't start slipping until you can start blocking. Once you could block the punches and you see the punches, then you could time a slip. Then you could time a drop or a slip on the other like but don't just come out slipping. Because if you come out slipping and you can't going to be slipping. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're going to be slipping right into a and then you're going to be sleeping. &gt;&gt; Slipping is going to turn into sleeping. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, make sure that you got the timing down before you go [clears throat] ahead and try to utilize some of these more advanced techniques. Okay? But then once you got the timing down, then you can slip a right hand or you could circle away from a right hand. I like doing that a lot, too, to show him that right quick. All right? He's standing here and he c if I'm a righty versus righty, he circles to his right hand out of there. Simple. The old school trainers would say if you get hit with a right hand, you deserve to get hit with it because it's the furthest punch from you. It's so if you're getting hit with that shot, you're doing something wrong. Now, I don't necessarily fully agree with that statement, but there's truth to it. That means you're either being lazy, you're standing right in front of a guy, you're not using your timing, you're not using your eyes, you're not bringing your hands up because the right hand, for the most part, a straight right hand, you can see it unless you get lured to sleep by a sneaky right hand lead or a pull counter or something like that. But for the most part, if you're sharp and you're aware, you should be able to block it or circle away from it. And then of course every time it slips you agree or not &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; 100 million% because that is something that I've seen guys get hit request. Now this is the thing there's real slick smart guys that know how to angle their body in certain way being one of them. Um like you said with the pull counters too but also with the lead right dropping that shoulder a little closer actually is even closer and sometimes even better. &gt;&gt; So sometimes &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can get hit with a right hand lead. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But but but but theoretically from back here if you get hit with that. Yes. A &gt;&gt; million% you deserve it. &gt;&gt; There you go. How to set up a jab counter or easy way to counter a jab. How to set up a jab counter. I'll give you one real quick is in my uh course, how to set traps and counter punch. This is on my how to set traps and counter punch course. Okay, it's real simple. You give a target, you take it away. I'm going to throw the jab. His hands are going to be up. Everything's going to be traditional. And when I throw his jack, he'll slip and throw his jack. &gt;&gt; No slipping. No slipping throw your jack at the same time. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. I see. &gt;&gt; No slipping throw your jack. &gt;&gt; Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; I see you're here. &gt;&gt; Bang. That's it. Look. Look. All right. [clears throat] One more time. Bang. All right. So, the key to this is is I have to think that I'm going to land a jab and I have to forget that he's going to throw his jab. So, he's here. I'm thinking a sweep and bang. Okay. So, it's just like almost like you're jabbing to the body and you're slipping here, but you're just doing it right upstairs. But if you do it too soon, if you drop too soon, I kind of have an idea what you're doing. Even though you can still get it off, I think it's a little bit better when you get that target and it just comes right there. Good. You can also do a pull counter jab. So, he can like pull and then jab. All right. Everybody talks about the pull counter cross, but a pull jab can work as well. You know what I'm saying? just rock back and bang the closest hand to the target. &gt;&gt; You feel what I'm saying? Another way to counter jabs is uh I throw the jab, he catches, and then he shoots immediately after I catch. That's a good one. The reason why that is good is a lot of guys that mind their work. &gt;&gt; Throw the jab and bang, there goes the return. You're not expecting the return. And you'll be surprised how much that one works. &gt;&gt; It sounds like one that shouldn't work that easily. It works probably the best out of the three. Ain't that crazy? Probably the last one we just gave you probably works the best out of the three from my experiments. &gt;&gt; You know, some of those jab, they think they're dumb. Nope. I got one for you. You know what I mean? So, try those out in your training. &gt;&gt; You know what? I got I even got one more that I used to use a lot, but I ain't I'll let it go. We'll save them for another time. As a guy who's committed to Mui Thai, would you adopt my forward pressure and weather tactics? I don't know what you mean by weather tactics for boxing. I do stand a bit more upright just cuz what I have to do, but I'm not afraid of hits. &gt;&gt; I guess like you mean about I guess weathering like storing punches or whatever. He comes forward. I guess he just you know &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, look, I mean, look, bro, we all know that you're not afraid to get hit, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't, &gt;&gt; right? So, that's that's one thing. I don't think &gt;&gt; I'm not going to say fighters aren't afraid of getting hit, but most fighters when they get in the ring, we accept the fact that we're going to get hit, &gt;&gt; right? I think every fighter should accept the fact that we're going to get hit at some point. Every time I've ever gotten in the ring, I've accepted it's a good chance I'm going to get hit, right? I don't want to. I try to avoid it, &gt;&gt; but it's probably going to happen at some point. You got to be okay with that. So, we get that. But don't fight like that because what happens is you have a short career because you take a lot of punishment. I do think that a Muay Thai I don't think that it has anything to do with the Muay Thai style. I just think you have to learn to adapt it to boxing. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? Standing straight up and stuff like that might work in Muay Thai. I know you guys don't like to slip a lot because you may slip into a kick or you may roll into a knee. I understand that. I've been around Muay Thai. So, I understand that you guys stand more square because you got to check the kick. See, Coach A know a little bit. You feel me? But all you have to do is maybe just bump down a little bit, tighten up your defense a little bit and just be willing to catch shots on those gloves and and and keep that tight elbows in, chin down, and be real defensively sound from a basic defensive pos uh posture, which is just hands up, elbows in, chin down. Be okay with catching shots. be okay with catching shots. I made a video in the past called how to shoulder roll with your hands up &gt;&gt; and it was clickbait, but this is what it meant. Okay, so when he shoulder rolls, right? He shoulder rolls and he rolls his body. Now bring your hands up and do the same roll. Okay, so he could do that. So it's like I go here, I'm rolling with the shot. Like I'm not just catching it firmly here. I'm still riding with the shot. I'm riding with the shot. That's very similar to shoulder rolling and catching the hook and shoulder rolling. It's just that the glove is up. The glove is up. So, you can learn to do things of that nature when shots are coming back at you to take off some of the steam so you're not just getting full punched when these shots come. Because listen, man, just like Wai, you guys master knees and kicks and elbows, you got fighters out here that's mastered punching. And some of these guys hit a lot harder than you may expect. And you're gonna get in there and you're gonna regret not being aware that, man, I should have focused on my defense a little bit because now I got a broken jaw or now I got a broken rib or now I got a concussion. Like this is a real sport, bro. Ain't nothing sweet about it. So take it serious. Show it the same respect and show Muay Thai and learn the defensive principles that you need so you, you know what I'm saying, have a long career with it. You know what I mean? Love from India. Love to you, man. I love India, man. One of my favorite places in the world. Hold up. Let me go ahead and uh So guys, real quick, I'm going to go ahead and put this in the chat. You guys know I'm coming out with a MIT work course, Million-Dollar Miss. It should be out very, very soon, guys. I'm talking about we counting down. We're ticking down the days of Million-Dollar Mitts. I'm going to be teaching everything I know about MIT work in this course. Okay, this is going to be super exciting for me because for a long time I've coached nothing but boxers, but now I'm coaching the coaches and I'm coaching the up and cominging coaches and the personal trainers and the people who want to get nice or set of myths. I'm going to teach you everything. Eddie Chambers is in there demonstrating all the techniques with me and we got more. We're giving more. I'm giving a lot guys. What I'm giving in this course, man, really y'all should be charging. Listen, y'all shouldn't even be able to afford it. But let me tell you something. You're going to make your money back because whatever you spend, you best believe once you get nice and people going to be hiring you and you're going to be making a whole bunch of money with the skill set that you learn. So get ready for that. Join that waiting list cuz everybody on that waiting list is going to get first dibs and you guys are going to get the best price because I promise you once this thing picks up and I raise my price, I ain't going back down in the price. Okay? So make sure you guys get on that waiting list. I'm telling you, you're going to you're not going to be disappointed. You guys been watching me, been teaching now for over a decade. I got over a thousand videos on YouTube. I got 16 courses on coachanthonyfox.com. You guys know I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you when it's time for one of these drops. I haven't dropped nothing new in two years, okay? So, anything that I drop, I make sure that [laughter] I bring quality to it, okay? So, you guys are going to be more than blessed. Get on that waiting list. Let me lead you guys to help some of my guys out there pay this forward so I can show you how what a great career I've had as a coach at being a coach. Okay, I this is my second gym. Okay, I got a 312,000 subscriber, you know, on YouTube. I got a big social media following and it all started by people getting the attention of my network. Okay, so this is why I want to give back. There's a young guy out there or trainer out there who feels like they just knew how to hold these the right way, they can come up as well. You feel me? So I got you guys, man. Make sure you get on that and um make sure you guys go check out the website coachanthony.com. That Black Friday sale will be starting guys. One second. Make sure you guys go to the website, coach Anthonybox.com, man. Check out everything there. I hope you guys enjoy today's live stream, man. We got more coming, man. Every single day for the month of November, we will be going live. I apologize about the audio. Thank you for your patience on that. We'll make sure that we uh test this a little bit better before we go live. And uh you're ready.