Kind: captions Language: en for a million mits. Why did I call this million-dollar mits? Cuz I'm going to make you look like a million bucks, man. As long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a pair of mits. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'm going to level up your mid game 100%. I got a lot of things to say about midwork because midwork literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's his full name? What's coach Anthony? Anony's first name was Anony's last name. &gt;&gt; Rodriguez [music] in that corner. A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer, you know, mits was [music] really what people hired me for. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Working with professional fighters that put me in [music] world title corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. &gt;&gt; This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, you want to do [music] it the right way. I like to think that I'm a person who can teach you how to do this at the highest level. Considering I've been to the highest level [music] of boxing rounds and you're a world champion, you got to work. &gt;&gt; He is a defending world champion fighting tonight [music] with head trainer Freddy Anthony. &gt;&gt; Work with some of the best boxers in the world. [music] Mitz [music] is what literally put me in that position. You could be a great coach, you could be a great teacher, you could be a great personal trainer, supervisor, &gt;&gt; but this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people look at you and make people say, "Hey, man, that guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person." [music] &gt;&gt; I'mma teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this course [music] that's going to help level you up. &gt;&gt; Can't hate on you no more, man. You got to check. &gt;&gt; You see that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. What's going on, guys? You know, I had to show you guys a commercial. what's coming soon, man. Millionoll Mits is going to be out very, very soon. A lot of people have been asking me for this. Um, and the time is now. I probably putting this out a couple of years too late. If you want to be part of the waiting list, I am about to go ahead and drop that link in the comment section below for my guys out there who want to learn or my girls as well who want to learn how to hold mits so you can go ahead and make some money, man. Million-dollar mits, man. And I'm going to teach you guys how to hold these mitts. You're going to learn a lot. I'm going crazy. I'm adding a bunch of videos on there. So, I would love for you guys to go ahead and put your name on the wait list. Put your name on the wait list because everybody on the wait list is going to get first dibs. You're going to get a crazy deal on it. I'm doing this right now for Black Friday. So, you guys definitely want to go ahead and jump on that. Also, my Black Friday sale is officially on and popping. If you guys ever wanted any courses from me, right now is the time to go ahead and uh grab something for me, man. I got right now I got all my individual courses going for $47, man. Early bird special. And I got the master boxing bundle. The cheapest I've ever done it. $267 for 16 courses. It's the cheapest I ever gone. This is this is the last time I'm doing this with the master box and bundle and and everything else because my focus is going to be million-dollar mitts. So, you guys are definitely going to want to go ahead and grab that because there's so much information on there. There's actually going to core core side with the million-dollar mitts. So, if you think about it, the million-dollar mitts and my master boxing bundle could work together because what's going to end up happening is once you learn how to hook the mits, then you're going to want to go ahead and try some of the tactics that maybe we teach you how to set traps and counter punch angles and how to create them. um you know, defensive wizard, which is defensive principles 101 in the Philly shell system and just everything else. The how to box the opposite stance, man. I mean, I got so much information out there that I've been putting out for over a decade. If you guys have been following me, you know I don't put out no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I give it to you guys to the highest level of boxing expertise that I possibly can. We got Facety Chambers all over the courses. Professional boxer, professional world-class boxer as my demonstrating partner. So, I'm just super excited and super uh hyped to get back into the mix with you guys because I know I've kind of taken a little bit of a break from the whole content thing and and everything like that. And, you know, No Days Off November is an opportunity for me to give back to you guys and answer all your boxing questions and just show you that I'm really here to help the most that I can. But, I'm really excited about Milliondoll Mint. So, make sure you guys go ahead get on that waiting list because the time is ticking, man. We're almost there. I mean, it's November 16th. I expect for this course to be out in a couple of days. So, you definitely want to go ahead and get on that waiting list so you guys can go ahead and learn some of the Mitch stuff that I'm going to teach you. Okay, we go ahead and say what's up to some of my people in here. We got Caesar in the building. What's going on? We got Damian. What's going on, yo? Let me go ahead and talk to Instagram real quick because we do got you guys in here. Hold on. I'm bad. I'm definitely I'm definitely gonna go ahead and uh say what's up to y'all. But anyway, man, we got QB Killer. What's going on, my guy? Yo, Johnny, what's up, bro? How you doing, man? How are you doing, bro? I am super excited. Give me one second, man. I am so sorry, guys. I probably should have had this locked and loaded already, but I'm here, man. Listen, I just drank a cup of coffee at 8:59 p.m. Eastern time. So, I am super excited. We're going to go ahead and uh have some fun tonight, man. We're going to talk about everything. I know you guys want to talk about the Conor Ben fight. I know you guys want to talk about a lot of stuff. I know you got your boxing questions. I'm here for all of it, man. Let me just do this real quick. Do this real quick. Instagram, you see what's going on. you see what's going on. Make sure you guys get in here. Make sure you guys get in here. All right, we good. All right, now I can focus. Just had to talk to Instagram real quick. Let's get to work. All right. What's going on, man? Do you think you could be a great boxing coach with no professional or amateur experience? Um, absolutely. I never fought as a professional. Okay. So, I fought as an amateur, but I never fought as a professional. I never won nothing crazy as an amateur. No national titles, nothing like that. I do think that you do need to know how to box though. I do think that the more you learn how to box, the better a coach you can be. I definitely think that being punched in the face and going through certain adversities will make you a better coach. However, I think if you learn the game and you're around boxing for long enough and you learn from the right people, you could definitely be successful as a coach. I mean, I'm proof that you don't have to be a professional fighter to go into world title corners and help somebody win a world championship. I was able to do that. But going into the game with zero, absolutely zero boxing experience and trying to coach fighters, that's a little bit difficult. So, I would say that what I would do is learn as much about boxing as you can and don't rush that part of it. A lot of people, they come into the boxing game and they want to be trainers of world champions and stuff without putting in some of the ground work. Like, I do think that there's a certain amount of ground work that needs to put in. There's there's fighters out there. There's coaches out there who never fought professional, but they got a lot of boxing experience, whether that's amateur boxing experience or they got a lot of sparring experience or, you know, they've been around boxing at a very high level for a very long amount of time before they decided to start working with professional fighters. Working with professional fighters is definitely different than just working with the everyday person who wants to learn boxing. So, you definitely need to be exposed to it to a certain degree. But is it possible? Yes, because it's been done before. There's many good trainers out there who never fought professional. And there's a lot of good trainers who did fight professional. It's about how you communicate. Is about your boxing IQ, the understanding of people, the understanding of the things that fighters deal with. And in order to be able to do that at the highest level, you definitely need to be exposed to it for a certain amount of time. I mean, I fought as an amateur from like 16 years old to about 20 something years old. And then when I stopped competing, I still continued to train, spar with professional fighters and whatnot. And then I opened up a boxing gym. And then I started training amateurs. And then I started working with pros. And then we went ahead and we started doing, you know, fighting on on a big stage. I've been a few world title fights before I actually got to help a fighter win a world title. When Hank Lundy fought Terence Crawford, we fought for the title. We lost. Outlaw Eric Hunter fought Lee Selby for the world title. We fought on the Anthony Joshua undercard. We lost. Then I went ahead and started working with Kevin Farmer. His first fight with Kenichi Ogawa, he lost. But even though I felt like he won, he actually lost that fight. But then they went ahead and they found steroids in Kenichi Ogawa's uh system and it got overturned to an old contest. Then of course we went ahead and fought Billy Dib, won the world title, defended it successfully five times and then I got with Raymond Ford. We started winning some fights and then from there we fought Odbeck for the for the title. They were both going for a vacant title and Raymond got the knockout and I feel like I was a big reason that he won that fight. Um, so yeah, it's all possible, but as you can see, I took my bumps and bruises along the way before I got to that position. So, can you do it? Yes. But it's going to take a certain amount of dedication from you. And you're going to really have to study and understand the game, and you're going to have to put in some work for sure. Hey man, I think uh I think that uh Ben did his thing, man. Congratulations to him. You know what I'm saying? I know he lost the first fight. He went ahead and he got it back and you know, he did his thing and he looked great, man. Congratulations to him. What's going on, my boy Vic? What's going on, bro? Hope everything is well. Duncan, what's going on co What's going on, champ? I'm chilling, man. Although, what's going on my guy? Yo, bro, me and you got to get together. What's up with Aiden, bro? How's Aiden doing, man? Me and you definitely got to get together. Motion blur. Hi, Coach. I don't know why, but when I look and feel sharp while shadow boxing, but when I put on the gloves, I feel like I have noodle arms and I feel like I'm throwing my I mean, maybe you're dealing with some nerves, bro. I mean, it's easier to shadow box than it is to actually get in the ring with somebody because there's nobody in front of you trying to hit you back. So, when you get in front of somebody who's trying to hit you, your nerves can kind of You ever heard people saying like you freeze up because of your nerves, like you get tense, you get So, this is why you have to continue to do it to become something that you get used to. Like boxing is different than anything else because you have to learn how to fight under this the the conditions that you are not actually mad at somebody, right? So like right now if somebody pissed you off, you know what I'm saying? Or they disrespected you or they or they put your family in danger, you're going to have a different kind of a reaction because you're gonna be like, "What? Nah, hell no." You know what I'm saying? It's fight or flight. You know what I'm saying? But in a boxing match, you know it's a sport. So now that you know it's a sport, you kind of like you don't think of it as of a fight. You think of it as of as a sport and that can kind of make you nervous. You know what I mean? Especially if there's people around or whatnot. So this is why you have to get exposed to it on a regular basis. Um and eventually hopefully if you overcome those tough sparring sessions, you'll be able to actually spar uh and then eventually fight. You know what I mean? What's going on, champ man? Hope everything is good. Fight week. How do you see Haiti Norman? Yo, I am super excited about Haney verse Norman. I gotta watch more about Brian Norman. I've been seeing highlights of Brian Norman for some time. Um, obviously I know who he is. I heard the sparring matches he had with Javvante Davis. I heard that he did his thing. So, of course, I know about Brian Norman. Um, and Devin Haney. How can I know not know Devin Haney, right? Deon Haney has been very popular over the last few years. I mean, obviously had a very rough fight with Ryan Garcia, but other than that, Deon Haney was on a tear doing his thing. He's going up to a bigger weight class right now to fight Brian Norman. I I got to set my hat to him. This is not an easy fight to go up to 147. He does look in phenomenal shape, though. He does look like he's ready to go. So, I am super uh excited about this fight. I'm going to watch some more Brian Norman fights this week and I'm going to give you final predictions toward the end of the week. I don't want to give my full prediction because I have to watch Brian Norman and study him a little bit and I don't want to just talk off of uh the whim. I mean, you know, my gut instinct to be honest tells me Deon Haney is going to win. My gut instinct. I don't know why. My gut instinct, but I got to go ahead and watch Brian Norman and make sure that I'm not wrong about this. So, uh, I'll be getting back to you on this. I'm going study a little bit of Brian Norman, but, um, what do you think? What's the best way to defend yourself against a scrapper? I'm going to need a little bit more detail of what you mean when you say scrapper, so let me know. We need to get together, coach. We need to talk 100%, bro. Um, I'm gonna message you on Facebook. I'm gonna message you on Facebook tonight, bro. Matter of fact, I seen that you messaged me and I never got back to you. So, we're gonna set something up ASAP. Hold on, bro. All right. I started boxing October 1st and gonna fight next April. How would you improve your skills fast or something? I mean, I mean, that's up to you and your coach, Champ. I mean, you and your coach got to get together. You obviously got to do a lot of sparring. You got to listen to your coach. You got to work on your fundamentals. Um, you got to focus on your technique, you know, you got to focus on your conditioning. So, that's really up to you and your coach, man. if you want me to be honest. If someone comes off the street knowing nothing about boxing, what do you look for before you put them in the ring to spar? Uh if I take somebody off the streets, I teach them the fundamentals of boxing. I teach them the proper way to stand, the proper footwork, the basic jab, cross, hook, uppercut, the basic slips, the basic rolls, the basic ways to throw block to block punches. And then I work on those skills and they're until they're ready to spar. And then once they're ready to spar, I have them apply it in sparring. And then I level up their sparring as they level up. And then eventually I let them compete. But I don't just let them go off the street and do whatever they want. Roelly dropped Ryan with the same left hook counter on your video with fast Eddie and Devin couldn't do that. Norman by KO and six. Damn. Okay. So that tells you that our stuff works. That tells you our stuff works. Pooky man, what's the what's good, bro? Coach Anthony, what's good? Appreciate your consistency. I've seen gains so far with my personal workouts. No days off November. You know the vibes, man. I appreciate you, man. What do you think from the middleweight that are current now is going to step up and carry the division like be? Uh, I don't even know who's in middleweight right now. Who's in middleweight right now? Give me some names. I'm not even sure, man. Norman's last performances have been dominant. I got team Norman. Can you defend using the Philly shell? What do you mean can you defend using the Philly shell? What do you mean? I mean, obviously the Philly shell is a a defense, but what do you exactly mean? And I see you picking on Norman, man. A lot of people are picking Norman. A lot of people are saying that Deon Haney bit off more than he could chew. Oh, against a southpaw. Well, guess what, champ? You're in luck, man. You're in luck, man. I got a black Friday still. How to box the opposite stance. I actually talk about the Philly show against uh a southpaw. But I'll give you a real basic one real quick. Real quick, man. Listen. If I'm here, right, let me get in front of the camera. If I'm here and I'm standing behind the shoulder, right? If somebody throws a straight right hand at me, right? Let's say it's righty versus righty. Orthodox versus orthodox, right? If you throw a straight right hand at me, I'm shoulder rolling the right hand, right? The right hand comes, I shoulder roll it, and then I shoot back my right hand. Well, if you're a southpaw, right, that right hand is still going to be the shot that I'mma shoulder roll, except now I'm shoulder rolling the right hook. So, like, if you throw a right hook at me from a southpaw stance, right? Because now you got to shoot this shot. I'm orthodox. Your right hand's in front right here. You're shooting the right hook. I'm shoulder rolling the right hook. Now, the only thing is now it's kind of dangerous because if you throw a right hook, straight left hand, I shoulder roll the right hand, I could run it to a left. So, what I would do is more so shoulder roll the right hook and most likely bend the waist on the straight left hand. So, if you look at guys like um Pernell Whitaker and stuff, guys who used to fight real slick, they used to be really good at like going here, dropping down, ripping uppercuts underneath to the body, things of that nature. So, you're going to use the same defense tactics, but slightly different. You know what I mean? So, for the most part, everything's the same. If if somebody's throwing a straight left hand at me, like I said, I I was dip like this. I'm going to bend the waist from a straight left hand. The same way if I was boxing the orthodox, their straight left hand would now be a jab. So, when they throw a jab at me, I'm going to slip it. Well, now all they're doing is turning their body this way. That left hand's coming from a little further away, but they got more power. But I'm just going to go ahead and I'm still going to slip it the same exact way. But if you go ahead and you watch the course, we break everything down in more detail with demonstrations with me and Eddie on there. So check out the website right now. I mean, everything's on sale. Uh the Black Friday sale has officially started. So make sure you guys go to coachanthonybox.com and you can grab any one of my courses or you can just get the master box and bundle and get it all for a super cheap price. Keep them questions coming, guys. Keep them questions coming. What's going on, guys? I need y'all to talk to me, man. Yeah, you're leaning you're leaning for for Haney, but Norman's the bigger puncher. That's the same way I feel. I feel like most likely like if we can get Haney to utilize that jab, stay on his footwork, don't sit there and exchange with Norman. But that's what I want to see. I want to see if Norman uh I have to watch more of Norman because I have to see how he cuts guys off um and what his speed looks like. You know, I know that he's a puncher, but I definitely want to see where he's at as far as uh dealing with somebody like a Haney. So, I got to look him up. I got to watch some of his stuff. out of the top 10 middleweights, there is nobody. How can they get that division back where it used to be, man? I mean, honestly, bro, I I don't know. I mean, it just takes the right athletes to come in. You feel me? Like every I think every so often every division has like they're certain divisions are more popular than others at different times. Like let's think about the heavyweight division. How long was the heavyweight division kind of quiet and then as of recent, you know, with like the Tyson Furies, the Anthony Joshua, the Deontay Wilders, the Lewis Ortizes, and all those guys, they kind of revived the the heavyweight division. But there was a long time where the heavyweight division was dead. The same exact thing with the lightweight division and in in those divisions, they were kind of like a little bit quiet. Remember when featherweights had the hottest division? I remember when it was Eric Morales, Barrera, Kevin Kelly, um you know, Willie McKenny, um Marco Antonio Barrera, Juan Manuel Marquez, and then it got super quiet. I mean, now we don't really have any featherweights that stand out that much. So, every so often certain divisions have their guys and then other divisions die out and it's just kind of like that. It's not a set thing where every division is always going to be popping. Right now, the middleweight division is a little bit quiet, but give it some time. Next thing you know, it's the hottest division. You feel me? But that's just how boxing goes. I'm I'm am am am am am am am am am am am am am am ambidextrious so fighting out the opposite stance course will help me out a lot." Yeah 100%, bro. It's definitely one of my best courses. We definitely give a lot of good game on there, man. So um this is what I'll do. I'll put my link right here for my individual courses which are on sale, okay? And you can go ahead and and just check out everything that we have individually and you can pick them like that. I also got my mini bundles. If you go to coachanthony.com, coachanthonybox.com, you can also check out my mini bundles where I give two to three courses. Um my ebook, access to my private community off of $47. So I got a bunch of deals. If you go to coachanthonybox.com, there's a bunch of deals on there. It's the best biggest Black Friday sale I've ever done. even bigger than the last ones that I've done and my last sales was crazy. So, you guys definitely want to go check out the the website and then, you know, just grab what you need, man. But any questions I can help you with right now, I'm going to help you with in youth athletics. There is a overwhelming push for specialization sports like hockey, basketball, baseball, and soccer are becoming year- round sports. Is this impact in boxing? I mean, I don't know exactly what you mean about specialization, but what I do know is that boxing's always been a year- round sport. So, especially amateur boxing. So, maybe maybe break down that question a little bit more for me because I'm not exactly sure. Like, I'm always been used to guys just fighting and they're back in the gym on Monday. You know what I mean? So, I don't know exactly what you mean. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Who you got winning that fight, champ? That's definitely going to be a good fight. Abdullahan Mason versus Sam I don't know how to say his last name. Noaki. Who you got winning that fight, champ? I'm going to see if I can get Eddie Chambers on here real quick, man. And talk to me, man. I'll be right back. Don't leave, guys. &gt;&gt; For million dollar mits. Why did I call this million-dollar mitts? Cuz I'm going to make you look like a million bucks, man. As long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a pair of mitts. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'm going to level up your mid [music] game 100%. I got a lot of things to say about Mitt Work because Mitt work literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's his full name? What's Coach Anthony? Anony's first name was Anony's last name Rodriguez. Coach Anthony. [music] &gt;&gt; A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer. You know, Mits was really what people [music] hired me for. Right. Working with professional [music] fighters that put me in world title corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mitts. &gt;&gt; This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, you want to do it [music] the right way. I like to think that I'm a person who could teach you how to do this at the highest level considering I've been to the highest level of boxing. &gt;&gt; Two rounds and you're a world champion. You got to work. He is a defending [music] world champion fighting tonight with his trainer Freddy Anthony. &gt;&gt; Work with some of the best boxers in the world. [music] Mits is what literally [music] put me in that position. You could be a great coach. You could be a great teacher. You could be a great personal trainer supervisor, [music] &gt;&gt; but this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people look at you and make people say, "Hey, man. That guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person. &gt;&gt; I'm going to teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this course [music] that's going to help level you up. Sean, &gt;&gt; you see that? &gt;&gt; All right. I just spoke to Eddie. Eddie said he will be on here in a few minutes. So, yeah, let's go ahead and uh let's do this real quick. My man Jeff says, "Specialization in the sense that youth only do one sport and not an array of sports. Do you think boxing for young kids is the only sport they are doing year round?" Most of the kids that I get that are boxing usually do boxing and do other sports sometimes even at the same time. I got kids that box and then like two days out the week they're playing football. Some of them are playing basketball. Um I think it all depends, man. If you really really want to get good at something, I I truly believe it it needs your full for f focus. Like whenever you try to do more than one thing, I think truthfully what ends up happening is you start to get like you start to go all over the place. Like one moment you're here, one moment you're here. And I think that you're better off focusing on what you're trying to get better at. Now, on the flip side, you can get burnt out from doing the same thing for a long time if you're not having fun with it. So, I think what ends up happening with kids is you got to kind of keep it fun, you know what I mean? And have them excited. And what I've noticed has been the most fun for kids is competition. So, if a kids competing and winning, they usually want to stick with it. If they're not competing, eventually they start to lose interest. So, what's good about other sports like basketball and uh football and all those other type of sports, there's always like a game for them to play like right like they're always playing a game. They're practicing. They're playing the game. They're winning. They're losing. They're going through the emotions. And boxing, there's a lot of times where kids aren't competing for a long time because they're not ready to compete because boxing takes a different enormous amount of skill set. So, uh, you know, and you're getting punched. It's literally a fight. So, with that being said, I think that keeping your kids interested is going to take a certain kind of kid. It's going to take a kid that just really likes boxing. Because if they don't really like it, they're going to eventually be like, "Well, what's the point if I'm not competing?" You see what I'm saying? Uh, and if they're not competing, then I think that it is cool for them to do [clears throat] several different sports and then just keep boxing as something that they do so they can learn how to defend themselves and they're not getting burnt out by it. Like they're doing it a little bit and then they're doing what they really like to do. But if you really want them to be competitive boxers, they're going to have to really put a lot of focus into it. And I would say drop everything truthfully. What's your coaching approach to different types of boxers like brawler or pure boxer? Uh, I mean, I try to work with what I got, man. I try to work with what I got. If I got somebody who's really good at um boxing, then I focus on their boxing and I try to improve their inside game. You know what I'm saying? This is somebody else right here. We got the one and only. Uh oh. What's going on? How come I don't see you, Eddie? &gt;&gt; You should. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can hear you. &gt;&gt; I don't know why I got I got the thing on. &gt;&gt; Do you see yourself in here? &gt;&gt; Nah. &gt;&gt; This is wild. &gt;&gt; Taking a long time to load, brother. &gt;&gt; That is weird as hell. I've never had this problem before. H a lot of new [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They don't want to see me anyway. Yo, what is going on here, bro? I broke the camera, man. I told you. &gt;&gt; Can y'all hear Eddie? Yo, what's going on? Talk to me, y'all. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I can hear you, though. You can hear me, but I know I can see myself in the thing. &gt;&gt; You see yourself in here with me? &gt;&gt; No, no, no. Not with you. &gt;&gt; Maybe it's cuz you got the &gt;&gt; the duel. &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe it's that. Could be that. &gt;&gt; Could be that. &gt;&gt; I don't think we done that when I wasn't there. You know what I mean? We &gt;&gt; Yeah. Give me one second. You can hear They can hear you, but they can't see you. That is mad weird. I'mma I'mma stop doing this dual [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let me see here real quick. &gt;&gt; He said, you know, it says you're in the show. Everyone can see and hear you. &gt;&gt; Everybody can hear you, but they can't see you. &gt;&gt; You can't see because of that because of that. &gt;&gt; That is really corny, bro. Why would they even add this feature &gt;&gt; if it can't if you can't add a person? Like that is crazy to me. Hold on. Let me Oh, here we go. Oh, they got it. &gt;&gt; There we go. Eddie, I got you. &gt;&gt; They figured it out. &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Ruin everybody's night. &gt;&gt; Eddie. Eddie Chambers. So, yo, Eddie, &gt;&gt; hold up. &gt;&gt; Somebody asked me a question before this, which I thought was really good. Um, how do you feel about I guess the the the word he used was uh the word he used was specialization in the sense that you've only doing one sports instead of array of sports. So, do you think that a fighter you as an amateur boxer when you were boxing especially as a kid because you started younger than me. When I started I was already like 15 years old. &gt;&gt; I think you started at what like nine 10. &gt;&gt; I started learning at nine. Yeah. But I start competi later. &gt;&gt; Were you doing a bunch of different sports or were you just focused on boxing? When I was nine, I I started with just boxing, but then I got into football. Then I played football a little bit. Um, probably played like three or four seasons. Three seasons. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I think right till I was about 12 maybe. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Or maybe two. I might have it was it was it might have been a couple maybe a couple seasons. Two seasons. But then um and I still didn't really I wanted to play ball after that. I want to play basketball after that. So I before I mean I didn't even get a chance to even start with that because I started to box a little before I mean I play ball like in the street like always every day had the ball in my hand and all that. Um finally was going to play in this little summer thing they had this little summer program they had but whatever happened it fell through. Then my dad took me down to the gym. And then once my dad took me into the gym, I was, you know, I sparred my first day, did a couple um, you know, smoker. I think I did like one one smoker before I had my first fight. And then, you know, I was in high school and um, actually a little before that I was like, "Yo, could I try out for the ninth grade team?" My dad was like, "Nah, you boxing." So I had no chance of that. So, or no, I think it was the JV squad. I was trying to I was trying to offer the JV squad. Actually, it was in 10th grade and he said, "No, cuz I was already boxing." He was like, "Nah, ain't none of that happening, so you got to play." So, I mean, you got to fight. So, I didn't really get a chance to experience like trying to juggle two sports. Um, but I see kids nowadays, especially nowadays, um, even in boxing, I see it a little bit more that these guys are trying to uh trying to juggle two sports. And with boxing is such a like a specialist kind of thing, you know what I mean? In a way, um it takes so much to learn, you know what I mean? There's so many little details, so many little things you got to you got to pick up. So to try to do another sport, you can maybe just an athlete like that and you can, but typically if you're not going to and then the thing is with boxing, you don't have to do it quite the same way you do other sports. Like was for basketball, you're not going to be able to pick basketball up late and have a career at it. It's just not going to happen that way. If you have a career at it, you started late, you may get a chance to play in some little small leagues or whatever, but it ain't going to be anything like where you're going to get to the NBA. Too many people's careers and lives ride on that to put somebody who's unproven in there. But with boxing, because they got these little niche things that you can do like, you know, like the Jake Pauls of the world creating this uh new lane for the um influencers and all that, if you get enough of a of a backing, if you get enough backing, you get enough support, you know what I mean? Just your fans from another thing can bring you into boxing. And for whatever reason, boxing is just a little more open to that. And I think it's, you know, it's entertainment just like other sports are entertainment, but this is uh, you know, I guess a gladiator sport. And they're figuring, well, look, yeah, just because I never done it my whole life. I fought people in the street before. I done had fights. I'm tough enough to get in there. But they don't understand just how detailed and and and and how much goes into it. So that's why those guys, you see a lot of these influencers, they can't really fully get into boxing, you know what I mean? into like trying to fight like the top guys, the world championship level dudes, unless there's something like like even with Jake, you see him fighting guys who was a little past their prime or a lot past their prime or guys who never really went to the who never really made it to the top because they're really not that good. And even then, you know, it's a little bit of it's a little bit of um these guys aren't really the like I like like really putting in the effort or capable of putting in the effort. Um or case in point, you look at Jake Paul with Mike Tyson. Now, the backing is is crazy behind it. the the fanfare is going to be so big because Mike Tyson is, you know, a humongous name in the sport of boxing regardless of whether it's now or whatever. Um, he can generate more money. And then Jake Paul has his own following and he's done so much in boxing recently or at least for boxing recently with the women's boxing and just promoting this whole uh YouTuber thing. So, I mean, but it's not going to be you're not The weird thing is, is that Jake Paul and I got to ask that because I because I don't know for sure. Is that Jake Paul and um Anthony Joshua thing for real? &gt;&gt; I'm just saying this for real. I don't think it's finalized as of yet. So, that right there is is is pretty interesting. Let me answer this question real quick. So, to my boy to my boy user, uh hey coach, hope you're doing phenomenal. Do your coach Anthony 2.0 I know different from the elite mentorship program are they both online. So listen to make this easier champ text me at 215709-5437 or shoot me a DM on Instagram coach Anthony and me and you will talk before we go ahead and make a decision because I don't know exactly what you're what you need but if you text me I'll text you back and we can finalize and I can tell you what'll be the best avenue for you to go ahead and follow. Yeah, Eddie. Um, &gt;&gt; so yeah, that's the thing about boxing. So, like I tell like I like I like I answered the question. I told him I said, &gt;&gt; you know, I think that you can play multiple sports and box, but it all it all what it all boils down to is how serious are you looking to be at boxing? If you're looking to be &gt;&gt; a national champion and then, you know, p pursue boxing at a high level, I think it needs your full attention. If you're just doing boxing for, you know, you just want to be pretty good at it, maybe have a few fights here and there, you know, and just kind of do it, then I think, yeah, you don't need to be full-time with it. It all depends on what you're looking to accomplish. &gt;&gt; That's true. I I agree 100%. The way I the way I approached it, I didn't really have much of a choice. Um, I had to put 100% effort in it. I didn't like I said after I played football I didn't really uh I couldn't really do anything I wanted to play ball basketball and I couldn't I had to put more attention into that because that was the focus that's what my dad really had [snorts] planned for me that's the way he could really affect change in my life and when I say I didn't have time for anything else I didn't have time for anything else barely had time for school but I did I finished school and everything and once I finished school it just gave me more time to focus on the boxing that's why I was able to turn pro at such such a young age even after only really having four years in amateur is because I really put everything into boxing, you know what I mean? That's all I did every single day. You know, in the gym, you know what I mean? Literally, even on Sundays, man, most of the time we was in there, you know what I mean? Training, doing something, you know what I mean? We had to do something every day for the sport. &gt;&gt; No. Yeah. 100%, man. So, yeah, it all depends, man. It all depends. Let me go ahead and ask let me go ahead and ask answer some of all these question. But as far as the the Jake Paul Anthony Joshua thing, man, &gt;&gt; that's crazy. &gt;&gt; If Jake Paul takes that fight, he's a crazy dude. That's all I'm gonna say. Especially if it's a real fight. Assuming everything is real. &gt;&gt; Assuming that it's a real fight. Assuming that there's no nothing being staged, assuming that these are two guys that are actually going to box and give it their full effort, &gt;&gt; Jake Paul is a crazy suicidal dude. If he thinks he's going to get into that ring and beat Anthony Joshua, if Anthony Joshua is really trying to win, I'm telling you, he is crazy. It's not going to happen. I mean, you're talking about a guy who was an Olympian, a guy who was a world champion, a guy who's fought the best uh boxers out there in the heavyweight division for the most part. Uh, I mean, we saw what happened to Francis and Ghanu. I mean, there's there's levels to this, you know what I mean? And Jake Paul is definitely not at that level to be trying to fight a guy like Anthony Joshua in a real fight. Now, what happens behind the scenes, I mean, people been talking about stage fights. I've never been a guy to really believe in stage fights as of you know before after the mafia it was all involved with boxing back then but &gt;&gt; I mean I know I'm sure there's been cases of it but um &gt;&gt; with Jake Paul I've always given him his credit for his victories. A lot of people have said like you know Tyrone Woodley gave him a hint and I don't think Tyrone Woodley that was knockout. I think that was a 100% real overhand right that knocked his ass out. That did not look fake to me. um when he so I mean now I will say the Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. little questionable. He didn't throw any punches that whole entire fight. That was a little weird to me. I mean, I understand your timing ain't there and you're trying to find your rhythm, but he didn't throw anything. And when he did start to throw, he had success. That's a hard one. That's the closest one to a fight being thrown that I can say out of all the Jake Paul fights that I watched. &gt;&gt; What's your thoughts? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. Um, yeah. I can't just It's just him not throwing any punches. I mean, I know he's been known to be like that. So, he's a good pick, though. You know what I mean? I feel like Chavez Jr. is a good pick because he's been so up and down with everything. Especially, you know, after his career, he kind of, you know, him just, I don't know, just not taking it seriously, not really. I could I could see them calling him for a check and him actually not performing properly. And that's just, you know, or even to a professional standard. I could see that with him. He's just undisiplined, you know what I mean? Got a lot of got a lot of issues going on with him in his head. But, um, but still, even then, not throwing any punches till like the eighth round was kind of bug kind of bugged out. Literally like almost one or two punches around. Not really even putting any real e effort toward it to kind of make you a little little leerary of it. But, uh, everything else, you know, is pretty much on the up and up. I mean, to some degree. I mean, the most that I could uh point to is like looking at the whole Mike Tyson thing. I just think that was a it was a show. It was a show. It was just something, you know, it gave gave Mike an opportunity to get back out there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the Mike Tyson thing was a show, but I don't think uh like a lot of people feel like Mike Tyson was carrying Jake. I feel like it was the other way around. &gt;&gt; I think Yeah, I think it was too. I think I think that was that was most of the reason why I think Mike had some issues with his legs. You could tell by how he was moving. Um, it's just 58 years old, man. What the hell you expect, man? He's about almost 60. What you think he gonna be in there throwing hopping around like he was when he was in his uh even in his 40s? Mike was in his 40s. That would have he would have been su Jake would have been suicidal to get in there with Mike in his 40s, let alone, you know what I mean, uh, in his prime. So, I mean, at 58 years old, he should have been carrying him, to be honest. I mean, Jake Paul's a 28-year-old athlete, you know what I mean? He has been boxing for a good amount of time. So, &gt;&gt; let me ask you a question because you're &gt;&gt; you're an older athlete now and I know like I know like &gt;&gt; every fighter is always going to believe in themselves, right? But let's just let's just &gt;&gt; let's talk honestly here. you as a man 40 in your early 40s, do you think that a guy like Jake Paul can compete with a guy like you in your early 40s inactive if you had a training camp, let's just say for eight weeks? Do you think he has a legitimate shot at this point or do you think a guy at your level should be able to clearly win due to your experience or do you think that your age and something there's actually an excuse for you maybe not winning a fight against a guy like Jake considering Drake's been, you know, uh, actively pursuing training in younger uh, boxing for the last five years? Like what's your thoughts on that? I think if somebody is still able-bodied and they haven't taken too much jam damage in their early 40s and they're former championship level kind of fighter, high level kind of fighter, even not championship level even, you know, domestically good or tough and in some kind of shape. Now, you got to be in some kind of shape. You can't just get in there and think, you know what I mean? You going to get in there with big belly, you know what I mean? Unless you James Tony, you going to get in there big belly and and and and and and beat up on a young guy. It's just that's not realistic. But if you are keep yourself into some in in some reasonable shape and you're around the gym, you train periodically, you train PE, you train fighters, and you know, you get you're given the opportunity, you ain't got too much going on with your head, and you're given the opportunity to get a good camp in, I don't I don't I don't think he should be able to compete with you. That's my opinion. I think with me, you know, you know, dismissing some of these injuries I might have, um, I haven't taken a lot of damage. Um, for the way I am and way I fight, I don't think that he has a shot. You know what I mean? Unless he somehow catches me and I ain't see it coming, which is crazy because that's that's what I do. I'm a defensive guy. I don't get caught with stupid shots except for one in my career and I pay for it and I ain't trying to that let that happen ever again. So, if I was to get in there with a guy like him, I don't know if he'd be able to deal with, you know, the speed, the timing, you know what I mean? And the frustration of not being able to land comfortably, you know what I mean? It's a it's it's a different thing when you in there with somebody for rounds, you know what I mean? If you just get in there and it's going to be a quick three rounder, you know what I mean? Like little amateur thing, you can go out there and just swing. No, but if we talk about eight rounds, 10 rounds, and you got to keep finding me, you got to keep on, you know what I mean? You got to go through the fight. time do you think a guy like you would need to be able to fight a guy like Jake Paul right now? Like if you let's just say you got let's just say you got the phone call right now like last minute feeling like hey man we need you to fight in December and we're already what two weeks into November. Do you think you would you think you can still do it right now? Or do you and not just you, any fighter at your level with your experience under those circumstances or do you think even a guy at your level needs a certain amount of time to prepare for a guy like Jake Paul? &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, I I it's it's also that's another thing. is underrated. And a lot of fighters once they, you know, stop fighting, they lose that that, you know, desire, that hunger, that, you know what I mean? They're not really into it the whole way. And, and I'm not going to sit there and say I'm one that that is. I'm not really mentally there right now. But if I got an opportunity like that, somebody say, "Hey, man, you can get in there with Jake Paul, bro. You know what that means? You know what that?" I'm like, "All right, I'm ready to go." I call people like now like, "Yo, let's get some sparring. Let's get everything going." Blah, blah, blah. &gt;&gt; Do you think time when's When's he supposed to fight? Is it December 14th? Would it be a month from today? &gt;&gt; Basically, yeah, if that's the case, it's the 14th. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, that would be a month from today. Do you think four weeks is enough for a a retired boxer who's been retired for years, but has fought at the highest level for him to just get up off the couch, train for three weeks, because you figure fight week, let's just say three three weeks, three and a half weeks, and and then he has to fight on that next Saturday against a guy who's been training every day but has never fought at a world class level. &gt;&gt; That may be enough time. that may even things out [snorts] to some degree. But then even not because &gt;&gt; because I'm just I'm just trying to be a double advocate here. What I'm trying what I'm trying to &gt;&gt; being a world class fighter overrated because we talk about how &gt;&gt; no a retired world class fighter overrated if he doesn't have a camp. That's what I'm trying to ask. Like like is it overrated or is those guys actually beatable? Because let's just say he beats a guy who's a a guy of your level. Now, people don't want to give him credit because they're like, "Oh, well, the guy wasn't training obviously." But then again, it flips over like, "But shouldn't be the shouldn't the guy had enough experience to pull it off?" &gt;&gt; Honestly, possibly, &gt;&gt; right? There's a lot of guys who get in there like myself, got issues with my shoulder, got issues with my hip, got issues, not saying they're debilitating, but they're issues. And I'm getting in there with somebody who's completely able-bodied. Now, I can go out and play I don't know how many games of basketball and hobble out the gym and still be all right. But I mean, we talk about a world class situation here. Like, I'm not trying to get in there being half ass and look bad. have a Jake Paul come out with a win over me. Like, nah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. You know what I mean? The bag might be worth it though. But what I'm saying is I still don't want that. That's a bad thing on your resume. You know what I'm saying? But, and I'm not 58 years old, so that kind of makes it even worse. But um I think a person like myself who hasn't done crazy things, I don't smoke, I don't drink, you know, I don't waste uh my time chasing crazy. I ain't want to say that. But I don't &gt;&gt; Eddie, would you like to be specific here? &gt;&gt; But I don't do I don't do bad things. I'm home. Well, no, I ain't home that much because I work so much. I work hard. I'm working hard. home every night. &gt;&gt; But on the flip side, what I'm trying to also say is, &gt;&gt; well, I think this is good conversation is &gt;&gt; this shows you how much you have to respect boxing because &gt;&gt; guy could have fought at the highest level of boxing and still need the time to prepare his body for a guy like a Jake Paul. Like &gt;&gt; which is which is crazy to say because like when you think of Jake Paul, you think Nickelodeon, you think you think you think YouTuber, you think right like he's starting to some people are starting to be like, "Okay, I'm starting to see the the the effort he's putting in." And I see it already, but a lot of guys are just now starting to see the effort and they're actually giving him a shot against certain people. Now, the thing is these bigger names, guys who fought at the highest level, even though they fought at the highest level, you still have to prepare your body. Like, you can't just think because you've been fighting at a high level for years that you could just sit on the couch, get up, and you could beat some guys depending how you feel that day. But we all know that you need preparation for the most part. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Well, see, with me, it's a little different in a in a way. I mean, I I'm not saying I don't I need just as much as anybody else, right? But I've performed in situations that I was, you know, asked or given a very small amount of time. Also, now that was when I was young, so I can't really say, but more recently, I have been, now this is only sparring, so you can only give it so much credit. I've been called and asked, you know, for sparring on short notice. I've had injuries. I've literally helped guys out sparring with one hand, all that crap. You know what I mean? And I've always done well even in those conditions. So, I mean, my body's a little different than a regular dude that's retired from boxing. See, a lot of these dudes that retired from boxing and they eat themselves they they they eat themselves to death almost. It seems like even in their 40s, they they big as a house. You know what I mean? I see the same thing with other sports, too. But in boxing in particular, because you know, a lot of these guys had to make weight and now they ain't got to make weight no more. They eating everything that they can get their hands on. Trust me. So, um, but if you take it serious enough and if you're still around the gym and you still keep yourself in some shape, I think the gap is so big and the amount of things that Jake has to do to become truly elite that it will be really it would be irresponsible for me to say, "Oh, y'all think he can go in there?" You know what I mean? I I think I would be irresponsible in telling a guy like him, "Yeah, you can go in there right now and beat this guy because I would be lying to him." I don't really believe that. I believe he has a lot more work to do. Now, if now if the guy is completely out of shape, he can't go two rounds, that's another thing. But even then, like I said, you look at a guy like James Tony. James Tony, even right now, sometimes he seem like he can't put a sentence together, but he can still put his hands together out there. You know what I'm saying? And even even in his current situation now he I don't know that he beats a Jake Paul. He almost what 60s something years old white beard big belly just chilling. You know what I mean? But I don't I don't know that Jake is just going to walk right through him cuz James James is going to get in there and he going to give the best he got even in this situation with all that slick [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Even if he can't throw a punch, you know, fast enough to touch anybody with it. You know what I'm saying? But he gonna get in there and try, &gt;&gt; man. I think it Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, it's it's just interesting to me, man, because, you know, with with Jake right now, you know, he's got a lot of boxes out there helping him out. &gt;&gt; He has access to the best nutrition, access to the best coaching that he can get, the access to to, you know, he's got he's got a lot of things in his favor. You know, he's got all the time to spend focusing on boxing. He's he seems like a strong kid. Um, so you know, he's he's actually really putting in work, man. Like I seen him &gt;&gt; a video from 2018 &gt;&gt; and into now. And there is a big difference. Like, and that's that's only like five, six, seven years, right? &gt;&gt; And he's beat some guys. So, I mean, I'm not saying that Jake Paul is a world beater by any means, but &gt;&gt; uh, &gt;&gt; you can't just go in there and like think that you're just going to beat him up easily without some sort of a training. I think I think you need some sort of you're even if you're already a fighter. &gt;&gt; Well, look, I told you I turned pro after only four years amateur. &gt;&gt; Now, my four years amateur, I had almost 100 fights. So, that's a lot of fights. So, and I had not only had almost 100 fights, but I was all I was sparring every pro that I, you know, that I could get in the ring with. So, I was constantly working. So, I'm not saying that he's not doing what I did, but I don't know if he I don't know if he really is. His my schedule was crazy back then. If he was if he's able to if he's able to do something like that, then maybe he should be ready right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think I think his five years of boxing is definitely different from yours. I mean, you started much younger. You had real competition experience. Um, and you were fighting a lot, you know, compared to what he's doing. I mean, he's obviously handpicking opponents, always getting the advantage, and that's why a lot of people don't like Jake Paul. Even though the fight with Javvante Davis was very intriguing, I was actually pretty interested to see how that would play out. Now, I personally think this Anthony Joshua thing, I don't think it's signed, but I think more so I think what he does is he calls out these big names knowing that the fight's not going to happen just so people could be like, "Damn, he called him out. Damn." Like, he called out Canelo, now he's calling out Anthony Joshua. I personally don't think that's the fight that's going to happen. But if it does, and it's a real fight, man, I mean, what can we say at this point? until them two [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get in the ring. &gt;&gt; You don't believe in way I'm believing that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gonna happen. I'm like, "Oh man, he got sick in the dressing room. Something happened. Fight off." I'm like, "Yeah, kind of waiting for that until them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the ring throwing punches at each other." I do not believe it's going to happen. That's a crazy fight to think that yo Jake Paul coming from. That just shows you, man, the power of social media, man. You know what I mean? Look at where this dude is at now. He already had a following. He already had money. What about Jake Paul versus Deontay Wilder? Jake might have a good chance with that fight. Wilder legs are skinny and his boxing skills aren't the best. That could be a KO for either fighter. &gt;&gt; I don't know about that. I don't know about that. &gt;&gt; N you know what, bro? I mean, Deontay is a little bit older. He's a little bit on the downside of his career, but he beat &gt;&gt; Not a little bit. From what I've seen, &gt;&gt; he beat he beat Louis Ortiz, bro. Like, &gt;&gt; we can't forget that. And Louis Ortiz could [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fight. Like he beat he knocked his ass out even though technically I thought he got knocked out before and they didn't count it. But Louis Ortiz &gt;&gt; Ortiz and he was winning both of those fights. &gt;&gt; You know what I'm saying? So I'm just saying if he could beat that guy, he should be able to smoke a Jake Paul. But again, he hasn't, you know, I don't know, bro. I mean, it's like Jake Paul's like that they done such a good job with the marketing and the way that they've been playing this out that it can actually have you thinking now. Like [laughter] even an educated mind could be like, damn, hold on. I don't know. Like that's shows you the power of matchmaking and marketing and and all of that type of stuff, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; There's and this is why I said, man, I'm not completely against this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Now, at first, you know, I'm like, man, I worked all my life to get to where I did. And then you got some of this this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who ain't never had a fight in his life. And then he come out and he doing it. You know, it's a little bit of the hurt talking. But the reality of it is it's not it's not it's like when you look at somebody doing that and they would to create their own their own lane, you got to respect it. You know what I mean? We all just wish we could have done that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] before him. &gt;&gt; You know what I'm saying? If I tell you what, if I could have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go back in time and I had a damn magic wand, I'd be like, I'm doing what Jake Paul did before anybody else [clears throat] did that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They gonna be they gonna be looking at me like him. They might hate me, but guess what? I'mma be rich beyond belief. You know what I mean? And I'mma have I'mma have boxing in a chokeold in a way that I'm helping this helping the sport move on to better, you know, creating better things. Like look what he's doing for women's boxing. Come on, man. Like I like I I I'm not hating no more. I'm just trying to figure out what the hell he doing so I can [laughter] &gt;&gt; trying to be part of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So I can help this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] make boxing great again. &gt;&gt; I mean I'm surprised they haven't called you in to be a sparring partner. You know. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean listen, &gt;&gt; you know what though? I can actually get you in that camp now. Now I could if you were like &gt;&gt; You think so? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. &gt;&gt; Hey, you mean I know your coach [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Everybody, &gt;&gt; I got Raymond Ford in the camp with him. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. &gt;&gt; I did, man. Now, this is a fact. This isn't just me talking. Like, I got Raymond. So, &gt;&gt; I mean, heavy. He's playing a heavyweight. Eddie, maybe you'll help him get ready for Anthony Joshua. Anthony Joshua did send you that hateful &gt;&gt; DM. I'll never forget what he said. So, it might be payback time. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Yeah. The only problem is I ain't 6'6. If I was &gt;&gt; If I was, he wouldn't have been sending me that hate mail. &gt;&gt; Hold on. Anthony Joshua 6'6. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's a big boy, bro. &gt;&gt; 250. &gt;&gt; Jake Paul's going to sleep. &gt;&gt; Jake Paul going to sleep in the first round, bro. &gt;&gt; That's why I said he bugging fight. You know what? And it's like I it Anthony Joshua is a good fighter skill-wise, but his size and athleticism makes him championship level. So then when you put Jake Paul who's who the juryy's still out on his skill level and he's about my size, my height, bro, you taking a hell of a chance cuz that dude is going to be a good 25 30 lbs heavier than you at least. I think Jake Paul like 225 or something like that. Maybe 230 if if he could if he can get Man, I just don't see it, bro. That's like that's just like I I just I I don't see that I don't see what he's what I mean if I don't really believe that this is gonna happen. And for his sake, I would hope not. You know what I mean? But then he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around and gets in there and wins on some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which I would never imagine. That would really have me really questioning a lot of things. &gt;&gt; Damn. Sage said AJ not good at anything. Damn. &gt;&gt; Damn. Damn. I don't know about that. &gt;&gt; He's not I don't think AJ's a bad fighter. I don't think he's as good as like a Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; But I don't think he's a bad fighter. I think he's a solid heavyweight for today's generation. I mean, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; of the guys that we got out there right now, you know, he's, &gt;&gt; you know, B+, you know, I mean, &gt;&gt; skill-wise, skill-wise, he's B+. Um, you know, I'm not saying he's not that not skilled at all. He's got some good skills, but I think his size and athleticism and strength play a huge role and what makes him, you know, special. &gt;&gt; Jake Paul lost to Tommy Fury. How is this a question? Good, good, good point. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very good point. That's what I'm saying. &gt;&gt; Did you Did you see Tommy Fury when he was out there with the Furies? &gt;&gt; When I was out there, he was in camp with us. &gt;&gt; He was in camp. Okay. &gt;&gt; I knew him for all that, bro. Like like I got pictures with him when he was a little kid when he was 12, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I can show I can show you pictures of it. I got it on my IG. It's in the archive right now. &gt;&gt; This is a boxing. I thought this was actually Sage from our gym. I was trying to quit to &gt;&gt; Oh, that's Cam. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What up, Cam? &gt;&gt; Cam, what's the Sage [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man? I'm confused. &gt;&gt; That's I'm like, what the hell? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't know. They popped his got something going on, Cam. Yo, Cam hit me on the phone and I was looking like I gotta get him back get back to him after we done. But [laughter] now he on he on the live. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Big shout out to my guy Cam. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. &gt;&gt; Killer killer. &gt;&gt; We we we we doing some some things in a different realm. Just wait to wait and see. Things are going to pop pop pop up soon for for all of us. &gt;&gt; I'm a short southpole. What's the best tip you can give when sparring a taller opponent? &gt;&gt; Man, a short southpaw. I hate y'all mother. But I fought that's my only fight I had at cruiserweight was a short southpaw. He was 5'8, but he was slick and he was sharp and I wasn't I wasn't prepared for the fight as I should have been. and I couldn't I couldn't get what I wanted and he ended up winning the decision. So short southpaws against taller opponents, you just got to be really &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sounds almost like an it sounds almost like an advantage more than anything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because if you can get somebody reaching reaching at you, once your arms once their arms go by you, if you're if you're if you're sharp enough, if you're defensively solid enough, once their arms go by you, if you can make them miss, you can easily make them pay. You understand what I'm saying? Now, the thing that a guy that's taller has to do is maintain that distance. If he can maintain that range and keep his hands on you, you know what I mean? Then he can win. But if you're reaching and trying to keep a tall a smaller guy out and you're missing, you're not able to land anything, especially if he's pressing or or if he's coming forward or even if you're coming forward, then as soon as the hands go by him, those counter opportunities are going to be there. You know what I mean? You just got to you just got to be sharp. You got to be well well versed at what you do and what's and what you're good at and, you know, make them pay. Look at look at look at Isak Cruz. You know what I mean? for most of he's most every time he fight even in those lower weights he's the shorter guy but he makes you pay constantly you you reach at him especially him coming forward with that pressure and those heavy shots he making you pay so you know what I mean being short now I know he's you said southpole but being short in general is not necessarily a disadvantage if you can figure out a way to make it work for you &gt;&gt; Eddie are you going to be able to do some demonstrations with me tomorrow if not it's all Good. &gt;&gt; All right, y'all. Great tips on boxing. What's the best way to get a solid stance and base? So, my thoughts for the next two weeks, guys. Tell me if you guys like this idea. My thoughts for the next two weeks was to do like demonstrations from each one of my courses or maybe a couple of courses in one day. Um, you know what I mean? So, like when somebody asks a question like that, like, "How's a good base?" Like, "Tomorrow we can actually do some demos." You know what I mean? like how we like to stand and hand positioning and how we like to keep our balance and stuff like that. And then as we progress throughout the next two weeks, um even talk a little bit more about some of the more advanced stuff like working the angles, some of the defense. Kind of like we did the Philly show one the other day, but our sound quality wasn't the best. I might have to say let's redo that one. A lot of people loved it, but there was just like a little sound barrier we was having. So something like that. So, if you think that's a good if y'all think that's interesting, let me know in the chat and uh we'll make that happen for you over the course of the next two weeks. Um, again, the same thing. What's the best way to work on snap and form? I mean, what's your ideas on the snap, Eddie? Because that's a question that I get a lot. What's your idea on the snap? &gt;&gt; I think you I think you put your hands in the b in the in the most basic position. And I think a lot of guys try to force power or speed and try to shorten up their punches to make them seem faster or put try to put too much body or too much effort in the shots that don't necessarily require. I think in order to get the snap properly, you need to throw the punch fully. That means from A fully to B and back and let that recoil be naturally reset as opposed to trying to pull it back real fast which in most cases guys will throw a shot out it'll be half thrown and then they'll pull it back and you know that's them their equivalent their way of making it you know faster. I think you need to learn how to throw the punch in it in its entirety. Like I said, from A to B, from like from your chin to the other person's chin, and then bring it back fully. Practice that consistently. I think I had a guy in the gym today that was trying to do just that. He was trying to be fast and trying to trying to throw a whole bunch of shots. Steps was off. Stance was a little too wide. Steps were a little too big. trying to force these actions to happen in an unnatural way and it it typically turns and looks amateur-ish and it puts you in a bad spot. You know what I mean? Defensively. So do it basic the the very basic way to throw the punch. Throw it like I said fully all the way through the one, you know what I mean? The jab, the right hand, the left hook. every punch you practice, every punch you throw in shadow boxing, make sure you throw it fully all the way out, you know what I mean? And and and work on fully completing the punch and the snap will naturally come over time. You know what I mean? I think if you keep if you keep choking the punches or you keep, you know, barely throwing them or or or or throwing them and trying to throw too much power in them, you're the the the the technique of it is going to falter or it's going to continue to be off. You understand what I'm saying? So, I think it's important to throw the punch full out, practice it daily, and that snap will come. &gt;&gt; Can you make some strength and conditioning YouTube videos? When I lift weights, I look heavy, but I'm starting to get a little stiff. I heard that plyometric exercise are better for fighters that heavy weight training because plyometric works the fast twitch fibers and fast twitch fibers are important for explosive quick movements. What's your thoughts on this? Any thoughts on this, Eddie? Honestly, I I think explosive explosive training like even powerlifting to some degree certain certain lifts are beneficial. You know what I mean? Uh to be honest, deadlifts and all that. I think training like a bodybuilder can be a little rough though on fighters and make them a little stiff. If you train like a bodybuilder, you know, like certain parts and like that and you know about that. So, I think that can be a little rough. I think you should train to lift like you would train as a fighter. You know what I mean? Try to be a little more well well-rounded. Focus more on strength and explosive power and speed rather than just lifting for size and and and attraction. Like you don't want, you know what I'm saying? Having nice biceps and abs and all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is cool, but if it ain't going to help you throw a j a jab faster or a right hand harder, then is it really helping? You know what I'm saying? If that's what you're aiming to do. So, I think explosive power is is is is the most important and figuring out how to generate it. It's like me doing I like to do cleans. I like to do, you know, uh explosive deadlifts, you know, like um overhead presses and stuff like that, but explosive ones. Nothing like just pressing over trying to be, you know, trying to move as much weight by being strong or, you know, I mean, I say strong, but um um having the greatest shoulders. I mean, I'm not saying that that won't help, you know what I mean? Even bodybuilding lifting can to a degree help your strength, but then it may make you stiffer and, you know, not able to move as well, you know what I mean? So, I think for me, balance, um, explosive power, you know what I mean? Things like that I think is good. High rep work, you know what I mean? Circuit training, stuff like that. That's I mean, that's me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, look, to be honest, man, I got mixed thoughts on it. I mean, I don't think it can hurt if you have the right trainer who's very experienced with, you know, uh, explosive training and Olympic style training and things of that nature. I think it could be very beneficial. I don't see how it can hurt a fighter, &gt;&gt; but from my own personal experience, like I never personally did it when I was competing and I never worked with a professional fighter that actually did a lot of it. Like for instance, I give you an example, Raymond Ford. He wasn't doing that. uh and I mean he would do a little bit of weight some circuits and stuff like that but it wasn't like a lot of emphasis on that and he won a world title uh without it and a lot of fighters from many years um trained like this is kind of a new age thing like a lot of this type of stuff like now don't get me wrong can it help yeah how can it not if you got the right uh system in place for it I think it can be helpful do I think it's a necessity I don't personally do I think that if you're sparring I think if you're hitting the bag, you're sparring, you're doing your conditioning work, which is like, you know, your road work, your conditioning stuff in the gym, which is just the natural stuff that we like to do for boxers. Uh calisthetics, um you're eating right, you're sleeping right, the boxing routine alone is very grueling on the body. And I think that with some additional calisthetics, that's all that's really needed. The most important thing is can you can you perform? Can you compete uh you know in the sparring? Are you getting the rounds in? Are you letting your hands go? Are you strong? Are you able to absorb the punches? And can that stuff be helpful? Probably. But we've seen guys do that stuff and get tired in six, seven rounds. And we've seen guys back in the day who didn't do that stuff fight 15 rounds. And we've also seen on the flip side guys do that stuff and it helps. And so I just think that it it just depends. But I think that what happens is too many people are putting too much &gt;&gt; emphasis into the strength and conditioning aspect of it now that they're losing from the boxing side of it. And we all know at the end of the day, anything that you do for boxing is a is a supplementation and an addition to the boxing training. If you like to run, the running shouldn't be the f core focus. It should be the boxing and you get your runs in. Um, if you are doing strength and conditioning, strength and conditioning shouldn't be the core focus. It should be the boxing because we already know that you have um, what's it called? Uh, what's the word that I'm looking for, man? There's a certain word is the uh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. Uh, &gt;&gt; sport specific &gt;&gt; sport specific training. Well, there's nothing more spec sport specific for boxing than boxing. Okay. So you give me a guy like James Tony who sparred himself into professional fights, didn't run, didn't do all that other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and beat up guys like Evander Holyfield who had a freaking phenomenal physique and cooked them. You know what I'm saying? Uh so yeah, I mean granted that wasn't the best version of the Vander Holyfield, but my whole point being is he did that to many other guys and and it wasn't the strength and conditioning that did it for him. It was the boxing. So, we have to remember what we're what sport we're in. Now, if you're just a guy who wants to do a little bit of strength training and box because it's your own personal thing, like like you know, you're just doing this for you, right? Like, let's just say you're not a fighter. You're just like, I like boxing, but I also want to be explosive. I then I say, "Hey, man, do a little bit of everything." You know what I'm saying? Like, you could do some weights and you could hit the bag a little bit, shadow boxing to you could do it your own way. You just do whatever. You know what I mean? If you're eating right, your body's going to transform. But if you're really looking for like the golden nugget of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you're really trying to be the best boxer you could be, my personal opinion, put all your effort into the boxing, you're going to get in fantastic shape, and let everything else be in addition. You know, the push-ups, the pull-ups, the plyometrics. Think about some of the boxing workouts that we do, man. You do the push-ups, the clap push-ups, the pull-ups, the table work that you do for your core. I mean, the medicine ball throws, the medicine ball slams, the sledgehammers, the flipping of the tires. Like, &gt;&gt; these shits, these things get you in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shape, man. Like, you're doing that, you're running, you're sparring six rounds, three times a week or eight rounds or whatever, bro. How much more do you think your body can really take? Like, your body needs to rest, too. You know what I'm trying to say? &gt;&gt; I I look, I I agree one million%. But then there's also the other side, too. The heavier a guy is, I think, the more important strength becomes. &gt;&gt; I I agree. I think for the heavyweights, &gt;&gt; the game is a little different. &gt;&gt; Little. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I think I think we have to keep that into account. The heavyweights need a little bit more of that. You're I 100% agree with you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because, you know, like now we're talking about moving mass, you know what I in a sense because you know these guys will wrestle you, lay on you and if you're not and and like I've seen it with certain guys who are great boxers even at lower weights and like damn he was just a little stronger. You know what I'm saying? Like my man Tony Harrison. Tony Harrison fantastic box his ass off beat one of the twins and I think the only thing and I'm not saying he wasn't lifting. He might have been lifting like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know. But if I felt like if he was, and I ain't saying he wasn't strong, but if he had that explosive power behind that and like that sturdy, that extra sturdiness a little more, I don't know if the twins would have been able to touch him. I mean, well, Jamal and this one in particular, I just I look at stuff like that and I'm like, for those kind of guys, I feel like that gets them over the hump. There's certain guys that I believe need it more than others. Especially if you fighting a guy who's a little strong. &gt;&gt; I like what you just said. I like what you just said because that lets you know that boxing is also not a one-sizefits all because some guys lack in certain areas. I get guys all the time that they ask me questions on here like, "Hey coach, when I throw my right hand, I'm not generating no power." Or when I'm throwing a jab, and I'm like, "Bro, I gotta see you do it. I gotta see why." Like I can't just like say, "Oh, I know the answer of why your right hand sucks." It's like I don't know. &gt;&gt; So it's the same thing with a fighter, right? It's like I don't know what you really need till I see you. Like the fundamentals are the fundamentals. You know what I mean? The stuff that we teach in the courses, that's the fundamentals. Like that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works. We know it works. So we compile them into courses and we sold them. That stuff works. But when we're talking about the specifics for you, what you're doing right, what you're doing wrong, we have to actually see you work with you and see you actually perform. Like, I'll give you an example. There was this dude the other day, I was at LA [clears throat] Fitness doing some weights. Actually, yesterday, no cap, you came up to me, Coach Anthony. Bro, I'm a big fan of yours, man. I can't believe you're here working out. Yo, can you do me a favor? Can you look at me real quick? I'm in the in the in the He actually said he knows you, too. Real tall white dude. Um, I don't know his freaking name, man. He was a real tall slinky white dude and he had some good punches on him. And uh, what he's uh, like I don't know. He he he was boxing southpaw, too. Um, but anyway, he's hitting the bag, right? He's throwing he's shooting a sharp jab and a sharp hook and he's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And he's like, "Yeah, man. So, what do you think? You think I could go pro?" I'm like, "Bro, I got to see you box." like, "Yeah, your jab and your hood looks great on the heavy bag. Congratulations. I got to see you box." Like, I don't like until I see you get in that ring and see what you're dealing with, see what your strengths, your weakness, honestly, the true answer is anybody can go pro. But my point is, if you wanted to have a realistic conversation, I don't know till I see you box. And that's when I know, okay, he needs more endurance, he needs more strength, you need more that, you need more this. You see what I'm saying? But let's think about some of these fighters like DeMarco Antonio Bar, a lot of the Mexican fighters. Let's think about those guys. &gt;&gt; You know for a fact those dudes ain't doing no plyometric. Like they're not doing these heavy training sessions and they're strong. They're beating [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. They're letting their hands go. &gt;&gt; They're focusing on their boxing, but this is the lighter weight classes. But they're focusing on their boxing. They're like those guys. They're not doing all of that because they could clean or they could do a freaking Olympic lift. They're doing that because they're constantly working on punching, punching, punching, punch, punch, punch, punch, punch. And I know for a fact because I've trained with Mexican trainers before and their whole thing is cardio, cardio, cardio, cardio, cardio. And they're able to do a whole lot and they're able to perform and fight hard, bro. Like fight really hard for a lot of rounds. So, um, you know, it just depends like &gt;&gt; I think there's more than one way to skin a cat like they say. Like listen, you see these uh Olympic uh uh what what are these guys? These gymnasts, &gt;&gt; these guys are built like freaking bodybuilders, if not better. And they're doing body weight calisthetics, bro. &gt;&gt; Every day, and moving and throwing their body body weight around like it ain't nothing. That's crazy. &gt;&gt; You see these guys in the hood. You see these guys in the parks and stuff, the pull-up dudes, like the like the the the back in the day, the Rough Rider type dudes. All they did was pull-ups, push-ups, dips, &gt;&gt; squats with the And bro, their bodies are phenomenal. You know, they're strong. they didn't hell &gt;&gt; they're getting to the same destination to like where you're trying to go with the so I think it also comes down to what style do you choose how consistent are you with it um and how you feel and learning when to pull back and learning how to learning when to push a little more I think it's all trial and error I think it's all testing I don't think that anybody has the full answer I think that it's something that you kind of just play around with it till you find what works for you um and that's going to take a little bit of trial and error you know what I Because you might do some of this strength and conditioning stuff with the boxing and then come to find out you feel weak and you're like I think I was doing too much strength and conditioning man. I feel like I overtrained or or or the other way around you know oh I feel like I could have been a little stronger. I think I did too. So I think that it takes a little bit of tweaking and trial and error. You figure it out on your days and then you got even the nutrition like bro all of this this is why data is important. You got to kind of know what you're doing on the dayto day and kind of fill your body out. Okay, I feel like this. I feel like this. You know what I mean? And that's what I've noticed works best for the guys I've worked with. &gt;&gt; And you're right. You're 100% right. It ain't no oneizefits-all for everybody. I think it's it's it's it's a case by case basis. And most of the time people forget that and try to train and a lot of these guys try to train the same train everybody the same and it just doesn't work out typically. So for me, I agree. I know, you know, me being a smaller heavyweight, I had to be a little more into the lifting. I got into it at like 16 and really picked up a lot as at 16, 17 years old. And then as I progressed and we and I moved from Pittsburgh to Philly, I started to get more more information on it. Started working with guys who were, you know, high level, you know, division one uh uh like Villainova, the football team, their their strength and conditioning coaches. cuz I was working with them for a while and then my guy Hos who has so many different uh uh I want to be game certifications and so much information been around strength and conditioning for years been high level trainer for years so I mean I got so many guys and so many so much I've learned uh strength and conditioning wise from them and for me being a heavyweight I think it's a necessity but he but you're right not everybody body needs it. Especially at those lower weights, it's not always a necessity. Sometimes it can I don't want to say it can slow you down so much as maybe it can make it a little bit harder for you to get down the weight and then you have to move up and you don't want to move up sometimes as fast as some of these guys would have to if they lifted. So yeah, I can't I can't deny. And the body weight exercise, the body weight work can be just as effective. So yeah, like I think it all depends, you know what I mean? Like you got guys still climb rope, man. I seen boots climbing rope. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard, bro. &gt;&gt; The heavy bag with freaking a baseball bat. Like there's all types of things you could do to get similar results as some of these other new age ways of training. I just think, like I said, it all comes down to what style you uh pick up and how consistent and and and and and as long as you're doing your boxing, eating right, sleeping right, and and getting your cardio to where it needs to be, I think, you know what I mean? I think you'll be all right. You know what I mean? So, I just think that people are just overthinking some of this stuff. I do believe though like if you weight train the wrong way like you said like if you're focusing on like eight eight to 15 reps I mean that's when you get into hypertrophy or hypotrophy whatever it's called I always get that wrong and that's when you start to build muscle thighs [clears throat] and then that's what puts you out the weight class where you want to focus more on strength so that's why they kind of say it's better to do the lower rep ranges because that's where you're just focusing on the explosiveness and you're not looking to develop the muscle size the bigger the muscle now obviously the more you're going to end up weighing in the long run if you consistently train for gaining size. So, uh gaining size and getting strong are two different things. You know what I mean? So, uh if you are going to weight train, they say it's best to do very heavy weight for low reps as opposed to lightweight for a lot of rep. Anything more than 10 to 20 reps, like now you're starting to build size on the muscle and then next thing you know, you got to fight bigger guys and you're like, damn, why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do I got to fight these bigger guys? And it also depends on how you eat. Your nutrition plays a big role on it, too. You know what I mean? If you're in a caloric deficit and you're training, you're going to lose weight anyway. So, there's a lot of little things to it. You know what I mean? Um, but just remember that boxing training is grueling on its own if done correctly. If done correctly, boxing training is grueling on guys out here bullshitting their boxing training. Yeah, whatever. But if you're training like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who's really boxing, you're putting in the rounds on the bag, you're putting in the rounds on the mits, you're putting in the rounds in the sparring, you're doing the road work, you're doing the core, you're doing the calisthetics, bro, your body is beat the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up already just off of that. You know what I mean? But a lot of guys are break they're toning that back so they can add the strength and conditioning. Then when they run into a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who's focusing on boxing or hardcore, they get their ass the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. You know what I mean? Because again, whatever you focus on, that's where you improve the most. You know what I mean? All right. That's a long long take on that one right there. &gt;&gt; He ain't lying. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Put more weight on your back foot than the front foot. I try to keep a balance most time. Shakur seems like someone who puts more weight on the back foot. Pretty planet. Yeah. I mean, we we both me and Eddie both here teach initially to start off with your weight a little bit more on the back foot. Um, but you're going to transfer your weight as you fight, right? Like if you're coming forward, if you're being aggressive, your weight's naturally going to come to the front foot. There's going to be times where you may be trying to bait a guy or you may be in a just a balanced position. So, yes, we start off here, but that doesn't mean that we stay there the whole entire time. You're going to be going to the front foot in moments. If I'm shooting a left hook to the body, I'm putting my weight on the front foot to shoot the hook to the body. I'm not shooting it from back here most for the most part. I mean, you probably could probably still get it off on some sneaky [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but you know, for the most part, you're putting more weight on the front foot because you want to be more effective with that power on the front leg. So, being on the front foot isn't a bad thing. It's just when and why you're doing it. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; 100%. Um, [clears throat] a lot of lot of lot of questions coming in, man. We've been on here for an hour and 30 minutes. Uh, this week, guys, we are definitely going to be uh doing some demonstrations and stuff for you guys. No days off November. We're already two weeks in. Real quick commercial break. Eddie, you haven't seen the commercial yet. Let me show it to you, man. I got to show you the commercial. Um, we already know million-dollar mits is coming out in the next week or so &gt;&gt; for million-dollar mits. Why did I call this million dollar mits? Because I'm gonna make you look like a million bucks, man. As long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a pair of mits. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'm going to level up your mid game [music] 100%. I got a lot of things to say about MIT work because Mitt work literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's his full name? What's Coach Anthony? Anony's first name. Was Anony's last name? Anthony Rodriguez, Coach Anthony, [music] and that corner weight. &gt;&gt; A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer, you know, mitz [music] was really what people hired me for. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Working with professional fighters that put me in [music] world title corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, you want to do [music] it the right way. I like to think that I'm a person who can teach you how to do this at the highest level. Considering I've been to the highest level of boxing rounds and you're a world champion, you got to work. He is a defending world champion fighting tonight with head trainer Freddy Anthony. work with some [music] of the best boxers in the world. &gt;&gt; Mitts is [music] what literally put me in that position. You could be a great coach, you could be a great teacher, you could be a great personal trainer, supervisor, &gt;&gt; but this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people look [music] at you and make people say, "Hey, man, that guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person. I'mma teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this course [music] that's going to help level you up. &gt;&gt; Can't hate on you no more, man. You got a chance. &gt;&gt; Sean, you see that? &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; It's a lot. It's a lot. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Eddie, you've been the one demonstrating these videos with me, man. We How many videos you think we've done for that course? &gt;&gt; I don't know, like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 80. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let me ask you, let me ask you this question now. Um, &gt;&gt; from Mitt work, right? Obviously, you've been a fighter and now you're a coach. &gt;&gt; How do you enjoy Mits and how do you think Mits has helped your fighters, well, our fighters for the most part, your personal clients? Um, how do you think it's helped them? And how do you like it now that you're on the other side, not punching the mits, but holding the mits? And people who've been watching Eddie have seen him improve drastically in the last year, uh, holding mits here at the gym. So, what's your thoughts on holding mitts? &gt;&gt; I've learned a lot and you know that. &gt;&gt; But, um, no, I think it's a great way to teach. Matter of fact, you know, I got a good I got a good one. I saw you doing doing this, too. You know, Andrew from the gym, right? &gt;&gt; All right. Drew came into the gym. Uh, well, it was probably I think at the start, right? Like he was pretty much one of the, you know, been with us the whole time we've been open for the most part, &gt;&gt; right? Now, for a while, Drew was stuck pretty much. In the beginning, he was trying to figure it out and we were working with him. We would do different things, but then he got some act some some some private lessons with coach and it was mainly on mits going over certain things, certain details, certain and it was all done with the mits. It wasn't really a lot of other things. I mean, don't get me wrong, it was some bagging. It was some shadow boxing. It was a lot of mits, though. And then all of a sudden, I seen Andrew come in. He took like he took a couple like it's like he took a week off and came back and was a whole different person. I'm like, damn. I see Drew in there actually now because normally he'd be the one taking the punishment. He actually out there giving it a little bit and I'm like damn this is what a was doing with him with the mitts. I'm like damn. I'm like all right and let me let me let me think twice about these myths. So, you know, I see him and then I see other kids that I've taken and I've started working with and even some of my guys who aren't even in the gym, some of private clients that I've worked with and it's been mainly myths and it really has helped them improve and help them understand certain things from, you know, my point of view, you know what I mean? uh which was was the fighter at time for the longest. But now even being a guy holding them, I'm able to show them stuff a little bit more from a fighting standpoint. So it's like if I'm opposite them, like we're fighting each other. So I'm showing them, hey, don't throw this punch like this because if you do, I can come over top of your jab and you know what I mean, and catch you with a right hand or or if you drop that or you're throwing a jab, I see that that that right hand drop and I catch him with a left hook. You know what I'm saying? It just it really I think the myths from that particular standpoint helps them understand from a fighter's p perspective. Like I've even heard things like my guy Bashier who was uh the whole mitzv he would say you know year this was you know some years ago now he would do it as if he was fighting. It was like yo some you can literally if you don't have sparring and it's like short notice fight or something you just want you got to jump in it's a it's a opportunity for you. He literally hold the mitts like it's a fight. You know what I'm saying? I know, you do that. You could do that, too. And treat it like it's a fight where you can kind of It's not sparring and you can't say it compares that much to sparring, but at least it gives you something and some idea of what a fight might be like. And then the trainer knows what you need. So, that can actually help too. So, and then on and then on top of all that, I feel like the pace of it, making you throw punches, testing your conditioning, you know, adding other little uh things like when me and you were working getting ready for the fight, they was putting bands on my waist and that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was making me mad. I couldn't stay. I was like trying to fight through it, trying to But it it it takes you from, you know, just just, you know, it's not just hit and miss anymore at that point. is really turning you into a a literally a better fighter. You know what I mean? And as the holder, I can see so much and so many things that I can do with my fighter so much better when holding mits. That's why you see Freddy Roach doing it too. Even even with Parkinson, even having all these issues, he still does it. Must be pretty important when you see a guy who's struggling to even walk sometimes still hold mids for his fighters. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. No. Yeah. 100% man. I think network is definitely one of the best ways to teach because um a lot of people uh that's how they get motivated and whatever is going to motivate your your your person to do this stuff, you know what I mean? And I think that MITS is definitely one of the better ways, you know, and it's very intimate. You can kind of like &gt;&gt; make a person like really feel like they're learning and understanding now, you know, and we all know that when you're doing repetition, repetition, repetition, it can get a little boring. So the mits also helps keep things fun, keeps things uh intriguing. So yeah, man, I definitely think that mits is good. And I know you for somebody who &gt;&gt; been on both sides of it, you're starting to appreciate it from a coach's perspective on how &gt;&gt; like you like I see the I see all the members at the gym line up when you're holding mits now. Like &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. &gt;&gt; Eddie will literally have no lie and I'm not making this up for this video right now. I'll record it next time. who have an assembly line of people just lined the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up like waiting for their turn to hit the damn Mitch like Eddie's hole and you got these kids online like they're getting some free lunch at school or something. They're just online waiting [laughter] to hit the mitts because decided, okay, I'mma hold mits for this particular group of people and they're all like &gt;&gt; they get off the bag. They stop doing what they because that's what gets them motivated. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Like you see them like I I know when it happened I'll be holding for one kid and then another one slide up then I see a dudes with they glo go put they the damn gloves on. I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] here we go again bro. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going to be it's going to be a long day. There was man there was a couple times I was over with two two hours bro holding the damn mitts for like five or six different people in the ring. They had me hostage in there. I was in there like for almost the whole night holding Mitch. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be crazy. It's fun, but it's crazy sometime. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, make sure you guys go ahead get on the waiting list. I'm putting the link in there for like the 10th time. Go ahead, fill your name out the waiting list because when this releases, I'm giving out a special deal to every single person who's on the list. Okay? A special deal for you guys who believed in it and decided that you guys wanted to get on the list. Also, just so you guys know, the Black Friday sale is officially active. Every single thing on uh my website from my master boxing bundle to my individual courses to my um to to what you call it, my my mini bundles. It's all on sale right now. So, let me just go ahead and do something real quick. I'mma definitely put the link in here. I need you guys to go check out coachanthonyboxing.com. I get a lot of boxing question, guys. I can guarantee you that it's already been answered in these courses with demonstrations. I mean, we've covered so much, man. We got 16 courses. Y, a lot of people ask me, "Coach Anthony, when's the next course that you're dropping?" I'm like, "Bro, did you get all 16 courses?" Because if you didn't get all 16, you might want to go back to the website, go see what else we got up there because there's other stuff that you haven't even learned yet, and you're waiting for me to make the next drop. You know what I mean? But right now, the focus is definitely going to be um million-dollar mints. We got the Black Friday sale. Yeah, we're giving away all the secrets, bro. I'm giving them all away. You know why? Because at the end of the day, you can't take this stuff with you. You know what I mean? And I love teaching people online because I'm gonna be honest, man. I've gotten some great results teaching people online. I've had over 5,000 students come through my courses over the last decade. Um, and I've gotten thousands of testimonials and it's just appreciated. I feel like online people appreciate you sometimes more than the people in person, Eddie. And I think you're going to get that um now that you're online, you know what I mean, with your stuff. What's your channel again? What's your YouTube channel again? &gt;&gt; Fight Like a Pro. &gt;&gt; Fight Like a Pro. So Eddie got his own YouTube channel. Uh he's got his Instagram, Fast Eddie Chambers. You guys could definitely go check out Eddie over there and you'll see. And you like, Eddie, go to your comments, bro. I guarantee you're getting all types of love and and and stuff through the comments. So people online have a way of showing true appreciation. And even though we've never met each other uh in person and shook each other's hand, I feel the love. You know what I mean? Look, I got people in here that's been hanging out with us for an hour and 40 minutes, man. I mean, I want to thank everybody who's taken the time out their night to come hang out, ask me my questions. You could be anywhere. You're chilling with us. So, I appreciate that. And for the people who watch this a little bit later, I know not everybody could watch this live, you know what I mean? I appreciate you guys, too. You know what I mean? So, like my man said, I could barely wait to pull up. You know what I mean? Like, like that's appreciated, bro. Like, that's appreciation. I I got people that I see every day that don't tell me stuff like that. You know what I'm saying? So, it's crazy, man. So, shout out to you guys, man. Last question. If you have anxiety, how do you overcome it for a boxing match? Eddie, you're the pro. You go ahead and answer that. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. Honestly, man, it's just it's just you understand what you're getting into. Obviously, you been fighting for a while. uh even if you're just, you know, becoming a fighter, you know what I mean? Um at the pro level, even if it's an amateur fight, at the end of the day, you got to get in there, you know what I mean? Do whatever it takes to not do what I would have done as a as a kid. And if I had my license in my first fight, I would have drove out of there. Don't do that. But, um no, man. It's just it's just trusting in what you've done, the amount of work you put in. you know, I'm taking that you put a lot of work in. Um, and believing that, you know, whatever happens, especially if you're in the amateurs and you're just getting started out, whatever happens is going to make you is going to help you improve uh in the long run. You know what I mean? Obviously, anxiety and difficulty with nerves and stuff like that is going to happen. You're human, you know what I mean? But once once the first punch is thrown, it all goes by the wayside. You just got to believe that. get into that ring. Even if the first fight is tough because of the nerves and it doesn't really release like you would like it, over time it will get better. You know what I mean? You just got to keep believing in it. If you love the sport and you want to keep doing it, you you got to get out there and and and and you got to get okay with the idea of being in a rough situation. You got to make tough stuff easy. You know what I mean? And and and comfortable for you. So, you got to be you got to get used to being comfortable with being uncomfortable. And you know, once you do that, then then the chaos will be easy for you. You know what I'm saying? The kind of chaos that that the ring brings will feel like nothing. You know what I mean? So, just continue to keep on going and keep on getting better. Keep working your craft and craft and you won't have any issues uh with the nerves. Well, I mean, you're still going to be nervous, but you're not going to have the same issues that you had in the past with it. Yeah, 100%, man. Another thing that I think that has helped uh for me and I've seen help a lot of fighters is prayer before a fight. &gt;&gt; Um prayer seems to calm you down. &gt;&gt; Uh so just say a little prayer, you know what I mean? You know, I used to always say to myself, um I was I would always always say like I say, "God, please just let me do my best today." And whenever I would do that, I swear it's like I just felt calm. Like I would be nervous and then that would make me calm. I just I go into the bathroom, got to take that piss before I spar. Like it'd be like and as I'm doing it, I'm thinking I'm like, "All right, let me do my best today." Especially if I knew I was boxing somebody good. You know what I mean? I would always like have to say that to myself and then everything would feel a lot easier for me. A lot of fighters do that before their fights. They all hold hands. They'll they'll pray whether you believe or whatever you believe in. Um, I still think having that talk with you and, you know, in your higher self is what's going to make you uh just feel that sense of calm. So, try prayer, you know what I mean? If if you haven't done that before, I think that also helps with the anxiety, you know what I mean? But like Eddie said, man, if you've been doing everything you're supposed to do in the gym, when you get into the ring, once that first punch gets thrown, it all goes away. You know what I mean? You just now is just time to do what you've been working on. You know what I mean? And that's and that's what it comes down to. But don't get into that ring if you're not ready. Don't get into that ring if you haven't been training. If you haven't been listening to your coach, if you haven't been living the lifestyle because you can really seriously get hurt. Um, &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; One more thing. Somebody said, "Coach, can you please explain to these men that $300 come back to you and that there's more in these courses that's not in the YouTube videos?" Yo, 100%. Thank you, Postman since 1991. You're a proud postman. I see. &gt;&gt; I appreciate that. But um, yeah, 100% man. Listen, you know, Eddie got his own YouTube channel now and Eddie's teaching his style of boxing now. Um, I'm sure he's going to be releasing stuff now, but Eddie has been a big part of my courses over this last 16 courses actually, even with the million-dollar myths, you know what I'm saying? But, you know, collectively together, anything that I put out, any instruction that I've given, any demonstrated has been something that, you know, I mean, we both agreed on. So, how much thought would you say has been put into these courses as far as just the information and and the price that I'm giving? Like truthfully, Eddie, like from a and from a non- salesman perspective, like my man said right here, just what are your thoughts, man? I mean, you can't put 30 and 25 years. I mean, honestly, the amount of money, you can't even put money into that. I mean, the fact that you're getting it for this price is is wild that you don't have to, you know what I'm saying? This has been amassed over damn near 50 years if you put us together of of work and and and and I mean, punch us to the head, you know what I'm saying? Train uh countless camps, you know what I mean? This information is is is just valuable to the to the highest degree. Um, so I mean there's there's too much game here for you. Uh, for the for the price you're getting it for, it's almost like it's free. You know what I mean? If you if you decide not to partake in it, that's on you. But the reality of it is there's too much information here for you not to take advantage of this. You're doing a disservice to yourself if you don't. And I'm not saying that trying to be a salesman. Fact is, there's so much energy that have been has been put into this. So much knowledge, so much information. there's just too much to to to not take advantage of it. And like I said, if you decide not to, that's completely up to you. But for the price you're getting it for right now, you have to. It's almost like you have to. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's crazy, bro. So, look, I'm selling individual courses right now for 47 bucks, Eddie. I got many bundles, all right, which is three courses or more for 47 bucks. That's just these particular bundles that I've given out. And then of course we got the master boxing bundle. All 16 courses for 267 bucks. Now I've sold when I first started I was selling for9.97. Then it dropped down over time. Then eventually I started selling them for like 300. Then it went down to like 15. Like I've been doing this over a decade. So these courses really are at this price because they've been out for so long and I really haven't dropped nothing new in like two years. But truthfully, man, they're worth every penny. I mean, you got people that come into the gym and pay more for a month of training and they're still stuck on build you from the ground up level. You know what I mean? I've given you stuff that everything. I've just given it all the way in course value. Now, the difference is, of course, we're not next to you. But if you have the time and the patience to sit there and watch the courses, you're going to learn so much, man. You're going to be able to apply so much even from a trainer's perspective. You might be looking for different ways to teach something. uh now you go to you could go ahead and hear it from me on how I teach it and then you can say, "Okay, I like how he taught that. I can put my spin on it." Whatever the case may be. So, it's just valuable in all different ways. I know it is for a fact. I've gotten thousands of testimonials. So, it's Black Friday month. You know, I always go crazy and try to give out this the one time of the year where I, you know, give these type of prices. So, anyway, man, that's it for tonight. Eddie, man, I want to say thank you for your time. This week, we're going to do some live demonstrations. I don't know how many times Eddie can be on the lives this week, but we're going to take advantage as many of them as we can get out of him. You know what I mean? And make sure you guys channel out. Fight like a pro. Check him out. &gt;&gt; Fast Eddie Chambers and be on the lookout because I know Eddie's gonna have something for you guys real soon. So yeah, man. Thank you to everybody in the chat. And uh that's it, man. One last time for the commercial and we out of here. piece for million dollar mits. Why did I call this million dollar mits? Cuz I'm going to make you look like a million bucks, man. As long as you let me guide you, as long as you listen, as you learn the stuff that I'm going to teach you with a pair [music] of mitts. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'm going to level up your mid game [music] 100%. I got a lot of things to say about MIT work because Mitt work literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's his full name? What's Coach Anthony? Anony's first name was Anony's last name Rodriguez. Coach Anthony in that corner. [music] A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer, you know, mits was really what people [music] hired me for. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Working with professional fighters that put me in world title corners right [music] off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. &gt;&gt; This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, you want to do it the right way. I like to think that I'm a person who can teach you how to do this [music] at the highest level considering I've been to the highest level of boxing. Two rounds and you're a world champion. You got to work. [music] &gt;&gt; He is a defending world champion fighting tonight with his trainer Freddy Anthony. &gt;&gt; Work with some of the best boxers in the world. [music] Mitz is [music] what literally put me in that position. You could be a great coach. You could be a great teacher. You could be a great personal trainer. &gt;&gt; But this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people look at you and [music] make people say, "Hey, man, that guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person." [singing] &gt;&gt; I'm going to teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be modules in this [music] course that's going to help level you up. &gt;&gt; You got a chance. You see that?