Kind: captions Language: en stuff that I'm going to teach you with pair mitts. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'm going to level up your mid game 100%. I got a lot of things [music] to say about Mitt Work because Mitt work literally changed my life. &gt;&gt; What's his full name? What's Coach Anthony? Anony's first name was Cantony's last name. Anthony Rodriguez, Coach Anthony. [music] &gt;&gt; A lot of people don't know when I first came into this boxing game as a trainer. You know, Mits was really [music] what people hired me for. Right. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Working with professional [music] fighters that put me in world title corners right off the bat just because they like the way I hold a pair of mits. [music] &gt;&gt; This is something that your clients are going to love. This is something that your fighters [music] are going to love. Always a lane for somebody who knows how to hold mits. The one thing that I could say is if you're going to do something, [music] you want to do it the right way. I like to think that I'm a person who can teach you how to do this at the highest level considering I've been to the highest level of boxing. &gt;&gt; Two rounds and you're a world champion. You got to work. He is a defending [music] world champion fighting tonight with his trainer Freddy Anthony. &gt;&gt; Work with some of [music] the best boxers in the world. Mitts [music] is what literally put me in that position. You could be a great coach. You could be a great teacher. You could be a great personal trainer. &gt;&gt; But this is what's going to capture their eyes. This is what's going to make people look at you and make people say, "Hey, man. That guy knows what he's doing. I want to go ahead and work with that person. &gt;&gt; I'm going to teach you. It doesn't matter if you have zero experience or if you have a lot of experience. There's going to be [music] modules in this course that's going to help level you up. I can't hate on you no more, man. You got a chance. &gt;&gt; Sean, you see that? Hey, Sup, medic. What up? &gt;&gt; Let me know how it sounds. &gt;&gt; We on, man. We in. &gt;&gt; All right. Does it sound good? &gt;&gt; We on. &gt;&gt; Let me know in the chat, guys, before we get started here. &gt;&gt; Let's go. We good. We good? Sounds good. Hold on real quick. Let me just go ahead and talk to Instagram one more time. We try to get some more people in here from Instagram. I said I would let people know. We're going to get started in just a minute, guys. Keep let making sure that the chat is going to Can you hear me from here? Just want to make sure cuz I got a mic right down there. Instagram, what's up? Morgan, what up? Ambricio, what up? Michael, what's good? For my skies, what's up? We got Fast Eddie and we are about to go live. We are live right now on YouTube, guys. We're live on YouTube. Go to my story, click the link. Come hang out with me and Fast Eddie. We're about to do some live demonstrations, combinations that work. Instagram, go to my stories and click the link. Come join us. All right. I'm not staying live on Instagram. You guys are more than welcome to come join us. What's going on? Team Team McKenna, what's good? Slick Boxing Charm Miller, what up? So, we're going to go live. I'm out of here, guys. Go to my story, click the link. All right, so let me make sure you guys good. Hit the like button. All right, so listen. We're going to talk about some basic combinations. And I got I was thinking about this today because as you guys already know, uh you know, we're coaches, right? So I'm coaching somebody today and I'm teaching him some basic combos. And I think what happens a lot of times when people are hitting the mids, especially, you know, I mean, hey guys, I got a MIT work course coming out, million-dollar mids. Just want to throw it out there, just in case you ain't know. I have all the information. We'll talk about that later. But when people are hitting the mits and they see us put these combos together sometimes, Eddie, I think that they just throw the combos and they're like, they don't really know the ideology of why we're doing what we're doing. A lot of I mean not our guys cuz we explain but a lot of the times like when we just start working with somebody especially when I'm working with like fitness people, people who just want to work out and I got them throwing certain combos, they're just throwing it and they're throwing it pretty good but I don't think they get the science. &gt;&gt; They don't. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? So in this this this particular live stream, I want to make sure that we break down the science to some of these combos. a lot of this stuff. If you guys are boxing students and you guys have my courses, if you guys are fighters, if you guys are coaches, then you know, I'm sure you guys know a lot of this stuff. But for those of you guys who maybe don't, you know what I mean? Hopefully this is helpful and maybe this also help you if you are a fighter or a coach just open up your perspective on things a little bit, right? So, I don't even have a script. I'm going to be honest. I don't have Yo, Eddie, do we ever script? &gt;&gt; I don't really think so. Even on some of the the courses, I mean, there's certain scripts we we read, not read from, but we get ideas, but it's not ever like we got to say this, say that, say no. &gt;&gt; Yo, we never like like it's crazy. I probably would be a much more successful YouTuber if I script it. &gt;&gt; I mean, maybe, but I think I I I like the idea of kind of going all the time. It just shows the amount of knowledge you have. You got to think about it. All you got to think about. &gt;&gt; I got about I I got about a thousand videos We sell 16 courses. Um, Black Friday sale. All right. I got the best sale I've ever done. This is my last big sale. This might be my last no days off November, too, guys. So, make sure that you guys take, you know, advantage and ask some good questions today because after this November, man, I don't know if I can keep this going. I'm still going to go live. Going live every single day has been really difficult for me this time with the gym. I mean, look at the time that we're doing the live. It's damn near like 11 o'clock at night because we're running a facility. It's really hard for me to like just cut the live on. We got the music playing. We got fighters. We got clients and stuff like that. So anyway, man, let me get into this real quick with you guys. We're going to have some fun. Let me just make sure that the audio is good. Is the audio good? Last mic check, guys. &gt;&gt; Mic check. &gt;&gt; Last mic check, guys. Give me a thumbs up. Hit the like button. Hit the like button, guys. Share. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Shout out to everybody in the chat who's chatting. Just let me know real quick that that sound is good. All right. Cuz last time Eddie, we did a dope live, man, talking about the shoulder roll, the Philly shell, and everybody was complaining about the sound. I think I'm going to have to do that one again because I feel like &gt;&gt; we kind of got cheated [laughter] in a sense where &gt;&gt; like like we were giving out some game and people were more concerned about the sound. So, I probably have to redo that one. Um, and I want to end these last few lives doing a lot of live demos for you guys, [clears throat] man. Give you guys as much as we can give you. And hopefully that'll encourage some of you guys to go to my website, take advantage of the Black Friday sale. Be ready for the million-dollar mint. So, we'll be out next week, 100% early access. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if it's not fully done. I'm releasing it next week. So, for you guys who've been excited about the mint work course, get ready for that because I'm going to teach you guys how to hold mints at a very high level. And you guys are going to make a lot of money. You're going to get a return on investment when you guys learn how to hold mits the way that I'mma teach you guys for those you guys who don't know how to hold. And if you do know how to hold, I think that I can help add a few things. What you think? &gt;&gt; Eddie's getting [clears throat] nice at the mits, man. Just by proximity. You know what I'm saying? Just by being, you know what I mean? But anyway, let's get it. So, first combination. I always like to start off with a 132. You guys heard us talk about this so many times, right? So, let's go ahead and run it on the on the Mitch real quick. 132 pop. Right. Okay. Pop. Right. So, we we throw the 132. Everybody, oh, that's cool. Cute combination. But let's talk about the science to it. Right. For those who may not know, right? So, Eddie's going to throw a jab at me. Most likely, I'm going to block the jab like that. Most likely, nine times out of 10, I mean, I could keep my hands here and cover up, but for the most part, I'm going to catch the jab here, which what leaves me exposed for what? &gt;&gt; The left. &gt;&gt; The left foot. Go ahead. Show them. &gt;&gt; Boom. Right. So, of course, of course me, I'm too good of a fighter to to not uh to to not know that. So, when he goes ahead, he throws that one and that three, I block, but look what I forget about. Bang. Straight right hand down the pipe. Right. So, the thing about what I love about combinations is that one shot's always setting up the next shot and there's always more that you could do. So, example, 132. Eddie's going, we like to do it on the pitch where we'll run it off a few jabs before we actually do it. Right? So Eddie may pop the jab, right? Moving. He may go high low with the jab. Bang. Right? So now he's got me looking for the jab. Now he lets the 132 go. Good. Now what I like to do too is always make my guys roll. They commit to a right hand and they're not going to follow up. So let's just say he does here. Bam. One, two, two. Right. I always like to get them out of there just to be safe. Now, I love that combination because I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how long you've been boxing. If you've been boxing a long time, you know this to be true. You will get caught with that shot. I've been hit with that hook numerous times when I was boxing when I knew this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was coming. You know what I'm trying to say? Like even if you do catch the jab a lot of some even if you go to block the hook sometimes the hook still slides through any any experience with that &gt;&gt; of course and more for me is more the right hand because I I'm always paying attention to that combination I hope the jab for whatever reason I'm always on that but a lot of time we talk about over rotating for the for for the catch so we'll catch that and then over rotate like go a little bit too far and even if your hands up I even had one you want you know you Look, back in the day, Kurt. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Kurt, I would be sparring with him. &gt;&gt; And of course, I'm taking it light, &gt;&gt; but he would be throwing that one. He would throw that 132 and he changed the speed up a little bit. Throw the three and the two real close together. And I don't care how good you are, that thing would still slide in every every once in a while. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; I actually like what he just said. Change the speed. So, you can do that, too. So let's just say he throws the one 32 one way and then the next time it might be a little bit a different pace maybe a little faster go. So it's like that 32 can be or it could be you know what I mean? So it's like and it's crazy cuz that's how I actually coach people. I'll tell people like when they're hitting the mids, I'll be like I'll clap the mids and I'm letting them know the sound that I want to hear &gt;&gt; and that's how I get them to release the shot because sometimes they'll widen up the hook too wide or put too much power on the hook. That combination is strictly shut up the right hand for the most part. Now, the hook also can land. So, if we can get the hook in there, great. If not, we got the right hand. Which is going to lead me to my next combination that I really like that we can combine these two combinations. So that's what's really dope about this. Right. So we got the one two hook to the body. Now I can also hold the mid here. So he'll go one two body pop. Bang. All right. So let go. Now why do I like that so much? Because if you got somebody who's throwing a good one two, if you're not slipping those shots, or even if you are slipping the shots, but let's say you're not slipping the shot, let's say you're blocking. For the most part, when he throws that one at me and that two, I'm forgetting about anything downstairs and he's going to go ahead and he's going to rip that shot right around the side. Okay? Because it's natural tendency when somebody's throwing a shot for you to go like this, like a cover up almost. So, as I'm covering up, look at the opening right there that he's gonna hit me with. You know what I'm saying? So, he throws that one, two, pop. Bang. Puts him in a great position for the I got it. Good. Good. Good. So, now like I was saying, let's just say I slip the two. Let's just say I slipped the through. So, he throws the one, I slip the two. I forget about the degree of body unless I'm smart enough to pivot, right? Like that's like as soon as I slip, I need to be pivoting if I want to completely uh be safe from that hook to the body. You know what I'm saying? So he throws that one, two, I need to get the hell out of here pivoting or just or just I need to just go. But if I decide to stay there and come back with a hook to the head, right, he slipped on that right hand. I slipped. Now was a who gets you first type deal. I like to be honest. &gt;&gt; I'm in the middle of being ready throw a punch and saw something. &gt;&gt; You're not going to take the shot. &gt;&gt; You're not going to take the shot just because I I'm figuring Okay. Okay. No. Roll under it. Maybe I get something on the other side. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? which is a smart move because in a situation like that &gt;&gt; I think the left hook to the heck could win in that situation &gt;&gt; cuz cuz you already thinking look I done threw I'm already I'm passed and I'm thinking about all right now I want to throw the shot. It's a little bit like a after not an afterthought but it's a little delayed. You see that you as soon as I miss you might be thinking hook right now &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; then you going to get you going to beat me every time. &gt;&gt; Yep. So as you can see like that's what's beautiful about boxing. There's always an answer to the answer. So, we kind of gave an answer to an answer real quick. &gt;&gt; But going back to what we were talking about, which was the the putting the two together. Let's say he throws the one [clears throat] 32 bang bang bang. And then he meets me downstairs. So now it's hop hop. And then it goes that body shot right there. It lands beautiful. You know what I mean? And then he could roll out, you know what I mean? Or whatever, you know? Or maybe if he's in range already, he throws the right hand, goes right downstairs, boom, slight reset &gt;&gt; and slight reset. Little Caleb plant Andre Dell. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; And put you to sleep right there. Let me go to the chat real quick, guys. Let me see. &gt;&gt; What's going on, guys? You got any questions? If there's anything you guys want to see, let us know in the chat. We're still going to continue to talk. That's crazy. I learned that 132 combo from watching Abdullah Mason. Yeah. I mean, Abdullah Mason's Abdullah Mason is obviously a rising star of the game. Shout out to Abdullah Mason. Fun fact, when Raymond Ford won the world title, Abdullah Mason's father actually personally fet time facetimed uh one of the other coaches and asked to put me on the phone and congratulated me on that victory. So, you know, he liked the corner work. So, shout out to Abdullah Mason and his pops and his the whole family, man. All right. So, anyway. All right. So, we got that. All right. Going back to that slip in the right hand, that right hand. Boom. What I like about that is very similar to that overhand right. That overhand right. That overhand right where Hold on. Where I'll get Eddie to roll. Go ahead. Roll under. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh. &gt;&gt; I throw the right overhand right. No, I'm going to throw the overhand. &gt;&gt; That was a nasty one, too. All the time. &gt;&gt; That's nasty, too. Hold on. Should we give him that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's see. &gt;&gt; We'll show them that. We'll show them that later. That's nasty. that that that doesn't get thrown off to the boxer, but when it does, &gt;&gt; bro, I tell I tell my you know, I tell I tell him to throw that. &gt;&gt; I was just talking with Nas about &gt;&gt; that's like a trail shot upstairs. &gt;&gt; And you can also you can do it like he was throwing he was throwing a shot at me and I ruled. You can also bring it here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's like remember we was just working on that thing, but you did it with the other. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Same thing that Eddie just gave y'all something. &gt;&gt; Eddie just shot. &gt;&gt; All right. But anyway, that's not what we were trying to. All right, but we talk about this one all the time where he rolls under my overhand. There's a hole there for a body shot right there. So, it's very similar to if Eddie was to slip a right hand. If he was to slip a right hand and stay there for too long, it's the same idea. When you get a guy to go over here, they forget about this. So, that's why it's always nice to go here and then do it here. So, it could be a overhand, right? Or it could be the hook to the body. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; What about this though? And you see got this and this is what a lot of people they talk about it all the time as being kind of wrong, but then maybe not. And say I was slipping slipping your shot. I just &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Now you see see where my hand is. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; See what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you can catch it right there. &gt;&gt; Shot that. &gt;&gt; Hold on, bro. Chill. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I was talking. &gt;&gt; They ain't paying for that, Eddie. That's not what they paying for. I know, bro. But I had to say I had to say it. But like think about it. You know how when you slip shots, you typically slip and you drop this hand a little bit. I think the reason we drop the hand is obviously something about the physics and the balance, right? That when this hand goes down, it keeps us more balanced when we go out to this, you know, to this front foot here. But it's also defensive properties, too. If you slip and you have the hand in position, it's almost like if you was doing a Philly shell, you know what I'm saying? Kind of being Philly shell. &gt;&gt; Exactly. because they're going to be if they're even thinking about that shot, the hands kind of in the way to kind of deter maybe the idea of the shot or even if they even if they saw it but it wasn't completely open, they may hesitate and then I'm able to do whatever I got to do or get out. &gt;&gt; I also like that hand being low cuz I always say it's like a sneaky punch. &gt;&gt; So you can like a sneaky right hand lead. It's almost here. They don't see those shots. Yep. &gt;&gt; So, so dropping the hand is like a quote unquote cardinal sin when you're slipping, right? Like if I go here and I slip like this. Well, look at the left hook. Yeah. But what if you go to shoot that left hook and I stop you with a sneaky right hand lead. You see what I'm saying? I can show you right now how that would look. So, uh, I slip your right hand and you go to throw that left hook. My right hand beats him because it's a straight shot. You see what I'm trying to say? Um, so it can't happen that way. Also, guys who got who are good at slipping typically have good anticipation. So if you're going to be slipping and pulling and dropping, you're most likely going to slip and roll or slip and turn. You're not just going to be mindlessly slipping. If you're mindlessly slipping, then I think that that's a big problem. But if you're a guy who has defensive, you know, defensive skills and good timing and you understand how to slip and drop and turn and all that, you're for the most part going to make the right moves, you know what I mean? At the right time, 100%. I agree. Um, and let's not forget, if your hands aren't blocking your vision, then you can see better. You understand what I'm saying? So if you're if you're if you're making if you're slipping like this or like you were saying you're a slick guy and you kind of you're you're here. You have a complete open view of what's coming and it deters offense from the other guy a little more because if your hands are down, it's harder for you. It's hard for the opponent to see them coming from the angles that they're coming from and they don't know what's coming. It could be an overhand, it could be a hook, it can be a jab, it could be [clears throat] it could be everything. You know what I because your hands are down, not in a normal conventional position. So if it was like this, then it's kind of you would kind of figure out, you know what I mean, what they may throw. But if they're down here, it could be anything. Cuz look, I can throw punches with my right hand from this position. But I can also throw left-handed shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know what I'm saying? A lot of sneaky stuff you could do. Yes, sir. going on in check, guys. I'm only showing how to do check over here. Not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if I'm reading that right. Champ, what's a good combo to do to fast? &gt;&gt; What happened? &gt;&gt; All right. Somebody asks, "What's a good way to do a combo to the body?" Fast up close. A good way to throw a fast combo to the body up close. I guess what you're saying? Well, I mean, this depends. I mean, for me, if I'm if I'm if I'm in close, let's [clears throat] say we're in close, what I like to tell guys is this. If I'm clo, I like to say, if I'm close, right, or even if I'm at a distance, &gt;&gt; the shots around the side set up the shots up the center or the shots up the center set up shots around the side. So, when we're throwing a fast close combination, I'm going to be testing my opponent's defense to see what I can get through. So, let's just say I want that Eddie to land that right uppercut to the body. I might have him throw a right hook around the side and then turn it into a right uppercut. So, real quick, like a pop bop. So, he go right. So, look, he's throwing a right hook around the side. Let me get on this side, guys. He's throwing a right hook around the side. I'm here. Now he turns it into the same hand, same uppercut. So don't pull it. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. I can boom. &gt;&gt; Exactly. It could go up the middle or it could go around the side. Right. So if I if I do it to Eddie, cuz I have it in my brain. Let's say you're standing like this traditional and I go here. Right now, let's just say Eddie's Let's just say Eddie's tight with the defense and he blocks both pop. Right. I'm I'm I'm still looking to set up the next shot. So, like let's just say look, right hook to set up a right uppercut. Left hook to the head to set up a left hook to the bottom. One shot is setting up the next shot. And bop bop bop bop. Right. So, I'm going high to set up low. I'm going around the side to come up the center. If I want to go around, if I want to go around the center, around the side, and we're up close, I might shoot something up the center to open up the body around the side. You know, you see what I'm saying? So, So, it's just like touch up the middle and then bang, there goes the hook around the side. So, when you're in close, there's only so much you can really do combinationwise. So, your goal is to either get them to close up, get them to focus around the side, get them to bring their hands up, or get them to drop down a little bit so you can come upstairs. You feel me? Um, I agree. That's some slick stuff. That's some slick stuff. I mean I me on the inside I actually I do I do use that. That's that Mike Tyson rip it up. I love that. I love that. Um but one of my favorites is the other one you did which was the high little hook. &gt;&gt; That works so much for me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I seen you I seen you who did you land that again? Was it Demono? &gt;&gt; I think I did it with him. I did I know I did it with uh I want to say Calvin Brock but I know I did it with Quinn a lot. &gt;&gt; Okay. So we're in the middle. We're in the middle here. You're going to throw the left hook upstairs. &gt;&gt; So boom, and then also also uh uh PC too &gt;&gt; against PC. All right. So again, one more time. He brings me to bring my hand up to my temple. &gt;&gt; Then he brings it around the side. So if you're going to work that combo, &gt;&gt; let it go. Beautiful. One more time. Good. So again, we're not just mindlessly throwing these combos when you see them on the mids. There's a purpose. Okay. So, he's going high. He's going low. And then you could you could actually do so much off of that. Right. Because now if he's going high and he's going low. Boom. Right. Now, he can go here and then bring it upstairs. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, even though he's going low now, we can do the same ideas, the same motion, but the shot comes to the head now. Right. So, let's show them how I look here. Yep. Exactly. And that's the beautiful thing about when you put your body on that lead side, you got a body shot, you got a head shot, you got a right hand, you got different shots that you can throw from that side. You know, another thing that you can do is double up a hook to set up that body shot. So you can go touch, touch, bang. Right? So it's like a faster. He could be like touch and then boom. And the reason for that is, you know, he's trying to create an opening with that double hook and then I'll forget about the body shot cuz you're like when you double that hook, it's like you're trying to you're trying to open it up. You're hoping that that glove will come down and that second hook will land. But if it doesn't land, then you just shoot it downstairs real quick. You got to be the fast slick fighter to get some of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. Yeah. But I think I think I think I think the technique of it, the the the way you doing it, the planning, how you done other things. I think that double hook up. I think that can work. I like that. Actually something I didn't think about. And I d I've done it. I wasn't I didn't think about doing it right before, but I just kind of workshopped it in there. Just Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Let me try. &gt;&gt; Doubling shots are great because look, he could be in the inside with me and double that left uppercut. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. Hey, because what happens is this. I block the first one and the second one slides through. So, it's like you're doubling the shot because you're like, "Oh, you want to block the first one, take that second one." You see what I'm trying to say? And you can double and then turn it into a hook upstairs or double, get him to forget about that, come around the sideline, double, follow up. So that double was like, you know, it gets a guy to really have to worry about the shot because if he doesn't defend up the center, then what happens? We go up the center to come around the side. We go around the side to come up the center. See how simple we can simplify this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You feel me? Guys, if this is bringing you some value, if this is bringing you some value, please like, share this, but definitely drop a like real quick. Try to boost this up the algorithm. Again, I don't know any other coaches doing this, Eddie, answering questions in real time. Maybe some of y'all is I don't know. I don't watch other guys, but I'm just saying I don't think I could be wrong. You know what I'm saying? But either way, show love. If this is giving you value, there's something in particular that you want to touch on, you know what I'm saying? I'm going to do my best to answer as many questions as I can before we cut it off. And it's getting late. You know what I'm saying? And you know, we still got the rest of the month. &gt;&gt; Still got the rest of the month here, guys. So, we got plenty of time, &gt;&gt; but we still got time. Let me see here. All right. This is This isn't necessarily a combo is a different question. Maybe you can answer this, Debbie. Tips on getting out of the corner to avoid a stoppage. First one, [clears throat] clinch. &gt;&gt; Something something I don't I don't typically do with me. Clinch. Uh, another thing is like being on the ropes is, you know, &gt;&gt; give me one second, guys. I got to take the cord out for a second. Bear with me. &gt;&gt; Oh, you got me. You got me on the &gt;&gt; on the rope. &gt;&gt; On the rope. Um, &gt;&gt; my bad. Little technical uh group situation. Step one. Here we go. Make sure we're good here. Nice. We got All right. So, look, we're going from time to time to strategy on how not to get stopped in the corner. [clears throat] [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't recommend [laughter] you do that unless you're fast. All right. All right. So, I'm going in. Got you in the corner. Honestly, for me, I don't like the touchdowns, but if I'm hurt, then I guess I need to I would look for a shot [snorts] that I like or or a shot that I like less like like like more than most of the others and I would either like it was a big enough shot through a right hand and I got over here then I'm clinching or or I'm getting out. It all depends on the situation. Obviously, if you're hurt, you ain't going to be doing a lot of slick moves. So, I would just look for the shot I like. You get a nice place. Make sure you trap the home. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Not give him a free hand. Keep beating on the other side. Um or if you're good and you're not really hurt, you're able to kind of like Joseph Parker with um can't fight from the UK, but Joseph Parker got stopped in a situation where I think it was an early stop. He really didn't need they didn't really he should have stopped it at the time he get at the time he did he was defending the shots. He just didn't clinch. He wasn't wobbling. And in a situation like that he just basically was looking for space. You know what I'm saying? So in that situation similar to what I was just saying look for a shot that you like. Don't rush. Don't be impatient. Don't feel the pressure of oh he might stop me. Do it at the time that you're ready. Granted, that could be a situation where these guys, you know, they start doing that de la Hoya when he was fighting um Vargas and start letting his hands go. If he gets his hands in there and starts touching you, the ref can come in to stop it. So, in that kind of a situation, I would I would recommend a clinch as soon as possible. You know what I'm saying? But in a typical situation, most guys are trying to find that one shot that's going to send you out of here. And if they're looking for that big shot, you need to be looking for it, too. So once the opportunity comes, once you give them the opportunity, give them the opportunity to throw it. Take it away. Slip and then push. That's my advice. &gt;&gt; That's beautiful advice. Now, I got I got um a little system. I'm going to give them something from defensive principles 101. &gt;&gt; I'm going to give y'all something that we put in defense. So if y'all don't got defensive principles 101 as one of my courses, I'm going to give you something that I do, and I do this with all my fighters, especially when I'm trying to teach them a system. Now, it doesn't it's not necessarily in the corner. It's on the ropes a lot of the times. This is something that I worked a lot with Raymond Ford. I used to work this a lot with Tevin, but this is something that I like to tell guys to do. So, damn. Should I give this away? &gt;&gt; Give it away. Just put uh about like 5,000. &gt;&gt; I'mma do this for you. All right. Listen. Super. &gt;&gt; So, I got I got I got I got a couple of ways that I like to teach this. So, I like to do it like from a coach's perspective, right? So, let's just say Eddie's Let's just say Eddie's in the corner or even on the ropes. Well, the first thing I would do is we got to use anticipation here, right? So, if you know you're fighting a guy and you don't want to be in that corner because you you're feeling like he may stop you because he's letting his hands go, you felt his power or whatever, as soon as he as soon as Eddie feels like I'm approaching, he can just drop inside and smother me. Right? So, like I'm there, I'm about to do something and he just ties me up right there. All right. So, it's kind of like you're on the ropes. You drop in and you slide in. All right. So, show them real quick. So, I'm trying to get in. &gt;&gt; That's it. Now, he go Now he set. Now he walks in. That's one. &gt;&gt; That's one thing you can do. Another thing I like to tell guys, I have a catch system. It's either a catch counter or a catch drop. &gt;&gt; All right. So, let's just say Eddie's here. I typically would advise you to do the catch counter if you can. But let's just say for instance I shoot a left foot to the body and he counters immediately right. So catch counter. So as soon as he catches and it's crazy because I was actually having this conversation once &gt;&gt; Sean Sean I was telling him this. I have something that I like to tell guys when it comes to defense right and somebody letting punches go on you. I don't like for a guy to catch more than three punches without doing something. So whether it's a catch counter, so I can do a catch one counter, catch two counter, catch three counter, or a catch drop, slide in, smother, catch drop, slide out, which I'm going to show you here. Um, but just don't become a punching bag on the ropes. I don't like that. I think that you're creating an opportunity to get hit. And on top of that, if you're fighting, especially in the amateurs or something, it looks like you're freaking losing the round even if you're not getting hit. All right. So, what I like to do is the catch count and teach it first because I kind of bring the analogy that it's um you stop the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] before it starts. &gt;&gt; That's how I like to say it, right? So, if somebody disrespects you on the street or whatever and they try to disrespect you. If you let them disrespect you, they're going to keep disrespecting. A bully starts bullying you, but then they're going to keep bull. But if you stop before stuff like, "Yeah, no, I don't play that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Stop that." Right? People tend to leave you alone. People tend to understand what your boundaries are. So our boundaries in this situation and as soon as I shoot something, he got something for me. So now I know as the guy punching, he may catch counter. He can catch counter straight catch and counter, right? So as soon as I shoot, he shoots, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Which now lets me know, oh, there's something to be careful about. I'm not going to be so anxious to throw. Some guys are really fast though, right? So maybe I will throw two and he has to c maybe he can't read it. So that's why I say there's a catch two counter, right? So I might go block and bang. You see what I'm saying? Because maybe he could catch one counter where he shoots here, blocks here, shoot the shot. He can do that, right? He go or he could go block bang. Right? He could he could let the shot go immediately. Or he may say, "Those shots are coming quick. I'd rather play safe, catch two, and then come back with something." Right? That was it. Boom, boom, bang. Or you can catch the uppercut. Right? catch two counter and of course we got the catch three where it's boom boom boom and then maybe he shoots something right he's not but I think once we get to three we're pushing then he can also do catch one drop when you drop get out of there so let's just say let's go to the body he's not [laughter] so we stop the shimmy before he starts a catch one drop you see it right maybe it's the same exact thing but we're going to do two catch two drop. He's out of there again. So there you go. You catch, catch, drop. So let's just say the drop doesn't even have to be necessarily a drop bend in the waist. It could be you're dropping over the lead leg, aka a slip. Let's just say I Let's just say cuz you see I went here. I went here and I threw the hook. He dropped, right? He went under the hook, right? He went under the hook. Let's do it quick cuz it was real pretty. You do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pretty. Look how beautiful that is. Right. But what if I went boom boom straight? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] See that? So he can catch two and then slip it. I'm going to call that a drop. He's just going to drop from the lead side. He's out of there. And then Oh, back to what Eddie was saying. That's back to what you were saying, Eddie, where you wait for the shot that you want. So I went here, I went here, you went here, [laughter] &gt;&gt; and now you can tie me up or you can just walk out of there. &gt;&gt; Damn, that's a lot of game, bro. That's a lot of game. Don't stay with me, man. Come on. I stop playing. Stop playing. Let's see. &gt;&gt; I hope that answer your question. &gt;&gt; Yeah, [laughter] facts. Rocky, I hope that answer your your your your your question, Rocky. Awesome stuff, fellas. Thank you for the demo. Help. Coach and dropping knowledge. Yeah. So, let's go back to the center over here. So, yeah, guys, as you can see, what we're trying to do here, we just trying to give y'all some game. We're just trying to give y'all some game. Um, I think I'm going to end it right there. That's a lot of game. That's a lot of game for today. That's the lesson for today because I can tell you guys a thousand things, but truthfully, uh, that's a lot. It doesn't seem like a lot, but that's a lot. &gt;&gt; No, no, &gt;&gt; guys. I got the Black Friday sale right now. My courses are the cheapest ever been. Everything I just showed you right there is like one module of defensive principles 101. The cash and [laughter] account that's one module. Like I got so much other stuff in the course. We got the Philly shell system. We got that how to set traps and how to create. I'm like this is so much. I've been selling courses for a decade now. You guys know who I am. You guys know how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys know Eddie Chambers. Top tier fighter. Can't ask you a better demonstrating partner. So guys, go to the website right now. Um, and if you put VIP 10 or VIP 20, you'll actually get a discount on top of the price. I was only doing that for my email list, but for since you guys are here with me on this live stream, let me go ahead and show that to y'all real quick. I don't even got it in here real quick. I don't even got it in here, guys. But listen, man. We got the Black Friday sale 267 or all individual courses and the mini bundles are 47 bucks, guys. You got to go to the website right now. You got to take advantage of this. We got million dollars coming out next week. I'm going put the link in the des right here and in the description for you guys to join the waiting list. I'm giving out a crazy special for the first week. Get $100. Eddie, tell them about your YouTube channel. Come check it out. Fight like a pro. Fast gamers. Fight like a pro. Okay. I'm going to help you fight like a pro. &gt;&gt; Eddie, what are you dropping for the people, man? &gt;&gt; Say again. &gt;&gt; I said, what you got coming for the people? &gt;&gt; Oh, man. There's a there's a a bunch of new content coming out. Uh YouTube has has been something that have been has not been I say it's been lacking. We've been working on some things, but it's coming soon. You know what I mean? around Black Friday, but I think the start of the year, we're going to have a lot of content ready for a few different things that um maybe a little little different, but very very very exciting and fun. So, come check it out, man. Fight like a pro is is only the start. We're trying to do big things here at CA boxing and fight like a pro. Appreciate everybody who came on. We will be live again tomorrow. I might be bringing something totally different for you guys tomorrow as far as demonstration goes. I want to say thank you to everybody who joined the chat. You guys already know box life.