Kind: captions Language: en Alhamdulillah. I mean, peace y'all. All right, so today should show the day. I'm going show y'all an efficient workout efficiency. I personally do not spend a whole lot of time in the gym lifting unless I'm with the crew. Y'all going to see that real soon. But when I'm dooo, I go in, get what I need, and I get up out of there. And today, this particular day, I had a busy day. So, I had to go in and out. So, if you need a short quick workout that's effective, I got you. The shoulders. Now, you seen I did uh my stretching earlier that's good for your shoulders, also for your back. This is good for your spine. [music] It's good to hang every day, trust. Then I was jumping around getting the blood flowing, getting, you know, just getting pumped [music] up cuz I didn't do my cardio before this one. And look, this is simple. This is simple. The primary movement for shoulders is my shoulder standing shoulder press. So I do a lot of it. I start light. I'm warming [music] up through the movement. Start with light weights and I just keep going up until they get heavy. And I'm doing about 10 reps each set until I can only do a few. And then I'll come down in weight and do the same thing or get more actually. But people making this way too complicated. You making it more complicated than it is. You don't need a billion goofy exercises for each muscle group. You need to do the basics well. And when I say well, do it a lot and do a lot of reps and go up in your weight, a lot of sets. I don't want to hear this three set You ain't do nothing in three sets. Three sets is only acceptable if it's like a ancillary movement and that's just something [music] way after you've done your main stuff. Okay? supplemental things. Grab the pill out a little bit. Weight started to get a little bit up there. I had a shoulder injury in January. I used [music] peptides to heal it and it did heal it. But every now and then, you know, I feel a little a little something something. And um so today I don't feel [music] mega mega strong. Well, I do feel strong. I feel strong every day. But I just feel like let me be easy on this shoulder. But I'm going still go up to probably about the hundos. I just don't feel right without touching on them. I don't care how I feel. It's a standard. [music] And the reason why I stand and do these is because I'm a boss cuz I'm Mike Rashid. Nah, but for real, it's excellent for strength, for raw power. Now, typically when you see people doing shoulder presses standing, they're doing a push press. So they're pushing they're getting using that kinetic energy from their from the ground up and kind of pushing through their knees all the way up through their shoulders. But I'm not doing that. I'm doing a strict press. It's [music] a difference. So I'm not giving myself any inertia or [music] any momentum from the floor up. These the hundos and we manhandle that. It don't matter how I feel. I'm going to manhandle some hundos. Oh. All right. So, from the hundreds, we went down to I don't even know what that weight is. Matt can throw [music] that up on the screen. I can't see it from here. So [snorts] anyway, uh standing [music] doing your presses is excellent for your core, for your obliques, for your back, [music] for your lower back. Some people be talking about what they don't know. You're going to hurt your [music] back. No, you prevent yourself from hurting your back by doing movements like this because you're fortifying your back. You're strengthening your back, right? is not likely for somebody to [music] train like me to have back injuries because typically when people have back injuries, it's because of a lot of uh strength deficiencies in their their back and their core. I have a very strong core. If I sit down and do sit-ups, I do it all day because my [music] core strong and exercises like this keeps your core strong. I'm trying to tell you. And say for instance, [music] I do happen to sit down and do shoulder press. Let's say I'm with some homies that like to sit down and do it, right? I'm gonna be way stronger than them because the way I do [music] it standing is a lot harder. See, when you're sitting and doing the movement, you have [music] leverage. It's just so much easier. I could do so much more weight sitting, but I just rather look, this is what I like to do. I like to do the more difficult route. Okay? You don't have to do that. It's not [music] mandatory, but I think you can see it kind of works for me. Now, y'all see like shoulder press, it's hitting every head of the shoulder, front, rear, side, traps, and rhomboids. You getting it all with shoulder press, but you [music] ain't going to get that doing three sets. Okay. So, from here, we doing uh the side delt raises and the standard. Y'all listen, I've said this before. Put in the comment right now how many you're supposed to be doing before you see [music] how many I do. We have a standard of what is to be done on your [music] side delt raises. And let's say you do del raises, you do 10 reps and you want to step [music] it up to what you're supposed to do what I said showed you right here. Don't lower the weight and [music] do it. Keep the same weight. You can do it because I'm going to tell you what's going to happen after you hit that 10 which you're used to doing. It's going to be very difficult. Good. Good. That's how you grow. That's how you get them bolder shoulders big delts like like you see here. And I'm not trying to show off or anything. And I'm showing y'all what y'all can do, too. Us men, we got to hold the line. We got to fortify ourselves. So, go ahead and get them big shoulders, my brother. If you're slow and you didn't get see how many we did, we did 20. So, we're doing reps of 20. Okay? And on the last set, new standard, [music] you're going to see you go up and wait and do it. I know it hurts. That's the point. Don't care, but do it anyway. Getting a good pump. [music] Y'all can see I got a excellent pump right now. Two exercises so far. That's it. Right. Next, we going to [music] finish it off with some shoulder shrugs. I know y'all want to see some rear delts. You want to see front delts? I'll tell you this. I never [music] do front delts. I find it unnecessary. But I do do rear delts, but not today. But shrugs. You got to do your shrugs, baby. And go heavy. Go heavy. Pull them up. Hold them. Squeeze it at the top. This is why I don't have to wear fancy clothes. I think it's weird for men to wear fancy clothes anyway. [music] But anyway, look, you wear anything, it's going to look good because you're doing your shrugs, you're training your body properly, and them big [music] broad shoulders give you that illusion of that Vtaper. It's not even an illusion. It's really real. Now, listen [music] fellas. I want y'all to avoid something. Avoid all this nonsense I'm seeing on the internet with these quarterzip sweater Fellas, we [music] need to be fortifying ourselves and concerning ourselves with strengthening our bodies, [music] our minds, and our bank accounts and our spirits. Not worrying about fashion is goofy. Let the women handle the fashion and worry about looking cute and all of that stuff. Fellas, hold the line. Be men. There's nothing wrong with men being men and men being so concerned with looking cute in a sweater. [music] That's not manly. All right, so a word to the wise is sufficient and I'll see y'all [music] on the next one. Peace.