Kind: captions Language: en Arm day, y'all. What's good, y'all? How y'all doing? We back at it. Mike Rashid is the top. Y'all know how we do it. I got to show some love to my people. [Applause] This a day. &gt;&gt; All supersets &gt;&gt; in and out. We ain't around. We getting right to the right to the money. At times I do embrace humility, but right now is not one of them times. I have to plop my Ambrosia Collective, we have not one of the best, but we literally have the best protein there is. And I'm not going to reduce us into a small box for plant protein, right? Cuz let me tell you something. Traditional plant protein cannot hold a flame to whey protein, but not us. 99% of all plant-based protein has a deficient amino acid profile. It's incomplete. Ours is complete. The quality protein and amino acids that you get from whey, you get that from Planta. However, the lactose intolerance that most Americans have, it's not going to kill you, but it's going to irritate your skin. It's going to irritate your gut. It's going to irritate your digestion. It's going to give you bloating. We don't have those issues. All right? We've elevated the game. This really, really confuses me. I don't understand how you can drink other plant-based proteins. I've tasted it. Is not the vibe. That's not what I want when I'm drinking my protein. We do everything that we can to make it easy for you to get the gains. We have 14 flavors in counting. A lot of other companies, bless their heart, they do plant-based protein as like a trend, not us. This is what we do. We have mastered this category. We have elevated the game for everybody else. Okay? So, anybody coming behind us, they got a lot of work to do to do it properly right here. This is not a trend for us. This is what we do. We are gym rats. But we also do our research. We also study. We also put a lot of energy and effort in our research and development, in our testing, third party testing. You name it. We are the pinnacle in regards to supplements, especially protein. The Ambrosia Collective have the best protein there is. It's simple as that. Just try it. Just try it. Try it. You will be a believer. Mark my words. I'm out. All right. So, we're starting with tricep cable pull downs. All right. And I like this right here for the first uh combination of movements because for biceps, we just pull the pulley down to the bottom and go to work. Keep it simple, stupid. We're not reinventing the wheel. The same weight in which we do the pull downs, we will do the curls with. Yeah, I know y'all see the the lats popping. That's because I'm lean. That's what happens when you lean. You can see everything. All right. So, for this, the breaks are very minimal. 15 seconds max. [Music] But in between triceps and biceps, there's no break. The only break is a short 15 second break after your curls. Make sure you pull the cable up high to your forehead and get that full extension down to the bottom. Tricep extensions, cable extensions is such a basic and easy movement, but it's so effective for targeting the triceps. And you got to give your triceps a lot of attention because that is the bulk of your arm. The biceps, two muscles, triceps, three. The triceps give you that horseshoe in the back of your arm. That's what you want, that horseshoe, baby. Kalas. Now we moving on to the next two movements. [Music] It's one of my favorite combos. Now, typically I use a easy curl bar right here because doing a straight bar for biceps is really bad for your biceps. It's an unnatural uh hand position. And remember once, you know, in 2020, I tore my bicep and my surgeon told me to avoid movements like this, but there was no easy curl bar available. So, you know, make do with what we got. All right. From there, we're going to go right to a skull crusher. And with the skull crushers as well, I don't advise you to do a straight bar. I advise you to do a easy curl bar. All right? But I wanted to show you these movements cuz they're excellent. Skull crushes. This is my favorite tricep exercise. So if you didn't know, now you know. So once again, take a short break and then we go right back to biceps. And yes, this is my music. Music that I produce. Links in the bio. We going to go up cuz that was way too light. 70. I think we're going to go up to 90. The 90 is light, too. But you know, it is what it is. All right. So, now back to the curls. And a lot of people ask me, "Where should I put my hands?" That's totally up to you. It's whatever is comfortable for you. There's no one way to do it. I know somebody going to be like, "Yo, why you rocking?" Shut up. Just shut up. Just set it. [Music] All right, right back to the skull crushers. Shout out to Tomas at Live Alpha in Costa Mesa for the hospitality. We get to we get to go in the gym and have a bunch of fun. Turn the music up loud and get busy. I love it. If you ever in the area, make sure you check it out. It's called Live Alpha. Check them out on on IG. Give them a follow. Hi B. Ky. Right back at it. Oh, we got that. We got that god lighting right there. [Music] What y'all looking at y'all is this is consistency. You feel me? This is consistency and discipline. Listen, if you hit the gym day in and day out, I know a lot of people like this. They're very consistent with the gym, but your protocol is broken. Why do I say that? I say that because of this. If you're not looking better month after month, you're doing it wrong. You need a modification. You need a legitimate protocol. You need a legitimate program. You need a plan. That's where people like myself come into play. I'm serious, y'all. Take it or leave it. But I have a community called the Sacred Society. And in it, one of the first things that you have to do is get in shape. So, Alpha Shred is available to all of our members. And alpha shred, if you know, you know. I have you looking like this. Alpha shred is a protocol that I developed a long time ago. And this is what I do. It's how I train. I have a app. The whole nine. So go to sacredocciety.life/join. It come right. We elevating your mind, your body, your spirit, your energy, your money, the whole nine. All right. All right. So right here, I got a shout out to my brother Phil Heath. He showed me this movement right here when we was in Ohio getting busy. I call this for 555. So you're doing five reps uh dumbbell curls on one side, then five to the other, then five to the other, and you go back and forth three times to get a total of 15 reps. Instead of just doing 10 straight, you you're breaking it up just a tad bit and you're doing 15. Sometimes you do four and sometimes you do 20, but today I'm doing 15. So, it's not a super long video. [Music] And I don't know about y'all, but I like efficiency. I'm not trying to these days I got a lot to do. I got a lot going on. So, I'm not trying to spend all day in the gym lifting. I go in, I get mine in 45 minutes. If I'm do 45 minutes and I'm out of there. Well, that's how long I'm I'm lifting for, but I also do cardio. And my cardio is walking. I do 10,000 steps a day. Well, why 10,000 steps a day, Mike Rashid? I do it because it's very sustainable. It's something that does not cause much impact on the body. It's easy to do, so I could do it every day. I won't get burnt out. I love the mental aspects of it. It really clears my mind. and I have a lot of good thoughts and I walk at a pretty fast pace. So, you know, I do about 4.5 miles a day and about an hour and a half. So, you can do the math. I get like a runner's high when I'm doing it. No lie, wahi. Around a mile and a half, I get it like a runner's high. I'm in a great mood. And while I'm doing my walk, I be taking phone calls. I could work. I could do stuff while I'm walking. Like, it's so much I could do. And I don't walk on a treadmill. I actually walk. I walk on a track. So I usually do that first, then I lift and then I hit the sauna. Sauna is brutal. Our son is like 200o. And I do at minimum 20 minutes each time. I try to get more, but it be burning my soul. [Music] So we doing three rounds of this right here. Three sets. And that three sets will net you 45 uh reps of of of dumbbell curls. And you see we're doing a dumbbell skull crushers. That's a superset. If I didn't say that earlier. Now look y'all. With every exercise that I've done today, the weight in which I did the curls is the same as what I did the triceps. All right? It makes it very easy, very simple, right? It's efficient, &gt;&gt; and it's the basics. You sticking to the basics, and that's what matters. Sticking to the basics, mastering the basics. [Music] &gt;&gt; Once again, [Music] &gt;&gt; if you are training and you look, be honest with yourself. All right? Just because you hitting the gym every day, don't mean you getting it in like that. You know you getting it in when you're looking better, you're feeling better, your strength's going up, people are complimenting you, right? Clothes fit different. You know when you're getting to the gangs? If you're already in the gym, why not do it properly? Why why waste your time? Let's do it right. And if you need help with that, I got you. This is what I do. I've been doing this for years. Y'all know my track record. got thousands of videos online, &gt;&gt; but what I don't see is the behind the scenes, the thousands of people that I've helped get in the best shape of their life. &gt;&gt; Myself and my team. Of course, I can't do it alone. [Music] &gt;&gt; That is sacredocciety.life/join. [Music] That link is in the bio as well. &gt;&gt; And make sure you get your plant, baby. number one plant-based protein in the world. We're in over 3,000 stores nationwide. Vitamin Shop, Walgreens, GNC, Sprouts, Hi, you name it, we there. And Amazon, that's if you got that Prime, we got your back. But I'm going to tell y'all this though. Come to my site. Come to our site and get it on subscription. You get a big discount. put it on subscription. You got to do your protein every month. All right, y'all. We're going to close out with some music. Let y'all vibe out to this. And you see me here practicing some mindfulness, just bringing our heart rate back down. That's what we do. And y'all comment in the comment section what would you like to see next? And I appreciate y'all. All right. Much love. Don't call me by your shame. &gt;&gt; Quiet ain't my name. Oh, &gt;&gt; I don't want no slave name. &gt;&gt; Keep your Thomas, John, and James. I'm divine before the chain. God, body still remains. Who named you? Not my tribe. &gt;&gt; Who claimed you? &gt;&gt; They all lie. &gt;&gt; What's your truth &gt;&gt; that I decide? My name's from stars. [Music]