Kind: captions Language: en In the name of Allah, the most gracious, the most merciful. Alhamdulillah Rabel Alam. All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Alim, the most gracious, the most merciful. Maliki, master of the day of judgment. You alone do we worship and you alone do we seek for help guide us to the straight path alhamdul mean the path of those upon whom you have bestowed favor not of those who have earned your anger, nor those who went astray. I mean, peace y'all. So, you you are two forces inside of one body. You're a beast and you're a master, right? One demands comfort right now. You want to be comfortable, right? You want to do the things you want to do, right? and one demands your mission no matter what. You got to ask yourself which one is running your day. Today we're going to cut the app. We're going to name the patterns and then we're going to choose an archetype on purpose. You have to be purposeful and intentional about everything that you do. All right. This is the archetype of the beast and the master. All right. Now, the word archetype means original blueprint. It's not a preference. Archetype is a pattern that governs behavior before you even speak. It's who you are. It's what you are. Right? So, let's talk about the beast archetype. The beast is raw input. Eat, scroll, avoid pain, chase dopamine. And the master is earned authority, skill, restraint, principle, obedience to a higher law. So like I said before, it's two operating systems inside of you. You toggle which one depending on every decision and choice that you make, right? Most men perform mastery in public, but they collapse into a beast when they're all alone. When ain't nobody watching. We ain't doing none of that no more. We're done with that. All right. Now the beast lives in your ancient brain, right? &gt;&gt; The lyic system, the reptile brain, which all creatures have, right? Fast, loud, automatic, it reacts, right? It's instincts. The master, on the other hand, lives in the executive function, the cerebral cortex, the frontal lobe. It inserts a pause, consults a principle, and then it acts. It doesn't react. It acts intentionally when it sees fit. The formula is this stimulus, pause, principle, and response. Even if you choose to, you don't always have to respond, right? The beast skips all of that. He applies nothing that I just said in the middle. The master owns the middle, right? That space will determine the outcome of your life. being able to pause, to just say nothing, to just do nothing, to not take when you can, right? To not buy just because you have money, right? Y'all following me now? Unfortunately, we live in the age of the beast, right? When your iPhones or Androids, basically the screens, it just hijacks your brain. Food engineers your cravings. Porn scatters your energy. and comfort. It just it just evaporates any kind of ambition that you have. It sedates you, right? A weak beast is a weaker man. No protection, no building, no leadership. This is not what you want to be. The root cause of all of this is a spiritual collapse. You worship your appetite. You're a slave to your appetite. And that's not what a man does. When you're living in servitude to your wants and desires, you know what comes after that is anxiety. You're disconnected from source. You're lost. You don't know which way is up, which way is down. Right? You're submitting to every little temporary pleasure and not God, not your creator. Now, you have to master your impulses. Now, now remember this, order creates power. We all have that beast and that master inside of us. The beast part it should be fuel and the master it should be creating strategies. Allah is purpose right? When you're aligned you have purpose. So with purpose you have systems. With systems you get to use mastery. Now if you're not applying strategy you're living all on instincts and fuel right you're inviting chaos into your world. But when you hold order you have clarity. You have peace to heed in the self. That's one code across all domains. Same man in the gym, same man at work, same man at home, same man in prayer. My brothers, that is rare, my guys. Be rare. Don't be like everybody else. Now listen, I'm going to put y'all up on some real game, some real strategy. Okay? There's five switches that will flip you into that mastery mode, that master mindset. Right? Number one is awareness. You need to identify and name that voice inside of you that says now more mine. It's not you, right? That's biology and that's algorithm. Once you name it, once you identify it, you can overrule it. Switch two is the pause. So when your impulse is spiking, right? When you want to react or you want to buy or you want to take or you want to eat or you want to smash, stop. Just stop. Breathe the chin. Somebody disrespect you on a text, don't respond. Breathe. Count to 10. Ask, "Am I a beast instance or I'm a master? I'll wait and I'll deal with this at the proper time when I choose." If you feeling that beast energy, well, most people will feel it. It's strong. Override it. Override it. Rise above your emotions. Rise above your feelings. The things you want to do. I'm telling you like this. The things that you want to do that you're compelled to just do whenever there's some kind of emotional trigger is always the wrong thing to do. 100%. Don't do it. Breathe. Chill. Take a beat. Now, switch three is principle. This is how you protect yourself. You act by code, not by your mood. Okay? You preddecide. I rise at Fodger. I guard my gaze. I honor my word. Then I execute identity first, feelings later. It has to be that order. Now we move to step four, which is repetition. You see, mastery is the sum total of the same right choices over and over and over and over. Each override strengthens the circuit until mastery becomes your default. That's a master. You're not born like that. You create that. Listen y'all, I'm giving y'all the steps, actual strategies to be masters. A word to the wise is sufficient. Now, switch five is connection to Allah. Your willpower will deplete. When you worship, you make salah. It replenishes that. Salah is the daily reset. Allah is greater than my appetite, my calendar, my ego. Five calibrations. We pray five times a day. That is five calibrations. So that's five wins. Listen y I can give y'all more information on on the prayers on the salah but it's beautiful. It's beautiful. These prayers are anchors, right? It's a great gift to us. Number one, the first prayer is fajger. That's early in the morning. That's your first victory. Number two is do her. That's a good one because while you're stressed at work, you're dealing with this, you're dealing with that. A lot of us are idolizing our work because of the money, right? You eliminate that and you focus and align yourself with Allah, with God. Next is M. This is during later on in the day. Uh you're not off yet, but maybe you're about to be off and you're burnt out. Go pray that gratitude is renewed. Your energy is renewed. You back at it, right? And then the final prayer is the seal. You stamped it. It's official. Five returns to the source. Five times to align yourself with God. Five times that you declare that I am not a beast. I am a master. That's being different. You're not being like everybody. Look, rebel. Where my rebels at? Don't you want to be different or you want to be the same like everybody else? I think that's real, right? Be different. The man I'm talking about is a man that's strong, that's honest, that's disciplined, a man that prays, that's powerful, that's a real warrior. You understand? And I'm not talking about sitting while you're doing stuff praying in your head. No, no, no. Is God not worth it to you to go and wash yourself before him and then put your head on the floor and humility to God? Is he not worth it? You too tired for that? You too busy for that? Your job is more important. Instagram or Tik Tok, is that more important than your God? Your creator? Do you love God? Do you Wait a minute. Maybe you don't worship God. Maybe you don't care about God. Maybe money is your God. Maybe Instagram is maybe Tinder is your guide. The things that get the majority of your time, that might be your god without you saying it. It's your actions. It has nothing to do with what you say. Everything has to do with actions. What are you doing? I don't care what people say. What are you doing? Listen y'all. Freedom is not about doing what you want. Right? Freedom is governing what you want. The beast does whatever it wants and it stays a slave. The master will govern his desires and he walks like a free man. Now you will fail, you will drift, but it's all good. Come back. Return. Taba means to turn back. This is the kind of rhythm that builds masters. Now listen, my Christian brothers, my you don't have to be a Muslim to pray properly. If anyone's interested in a prayer guide, right, teaching you what voodoo is, this is what we do before prayer, why we do it, so you can understand, and then teaching you the prayers, right? When to pray, what time to pray, all of that, right? Just comment down below, master, and I got something special for you. All right.