Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's get right into it. Mike, let's answer some of these uh commonly asked questions. Do you train every day? &gt;&gt; No, but consistently six days a week. &gt;&gt; Animal or plant-based diet? &gt;&gt; Oh, animal. I mean, we are top of the food chain. Animal protein. However, I reduce the amount of animal protein by my protein shakes. So, we drink plant. You typically have whey protein, you have vegan protein, then you have the specialty like the bone broth or the collagen proteins, right? M &gt;&gt; those are not complete bone broth, collagen. These are for people who really have skin issues and trying to get like skin, hair, nails, whatever. Vegan protein is not the vibes because it doesn't have a complete amino acid profile, meaning it doesn't have the same horsepower as whey protein and it usually tastes like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Whey protein is almost perfect. It has a perfect amino acid profile. However, most people, including myself, probably you too, most Americans have some sort of lactose intolerance. Nothing is going to kill you, but it causes stuff like bumps on your in your face, irritation with your digestion, bloating, water retention. So, it works for getting that quality protein that's easily absorbed, but you got to deal with the side effects. Now, Planta, you see, I didn't put that in a vegan section cuz it's not. It is vegan friendly. A person that adheres to a strictly plant-based diet can drink Planta no problem. But, it's not a vegan protein because it has all of the punching power as whey. And listen, plant is the perfect protein because while whey is a little bit lacking basically in having so many side effects, plant doesn't. So we used to talk about plant as being like the evolution of plant-based protein, but no, it's the evolution of protein period. People don't realize protein is literally a food. It's not a supplement. The protein extracted from whatever we're extracting from, whether it's animals or rice and peas like we do, that is actual food, a sustenance, right? It's essential for building muscle. You need it. Typically, if it's not weight, it don't have a complete amino acid profile, one to1 ratio. Ours does cuz it's fortified with sunflowers with BCAAs. I make that distinction because most people who are getting their BCAAs's, they don't know where it's coming from, &gt;&gt; but I'm going to tell you, I'm I'm going to spoil it for y'all. You're getting your BCAAs from the beaks and the feathers and the claws of birds. Not ours, though. Ours come from sunflowers. So, plant is literally the perfect protein, and it's a reason why it's one of the top proteins in the country. Perfect. Since we're on the topic of protein, Mike, are you hitting your daily protein intake with OMAD? And what does your eating window look like? &gt;&gt; Good question. All right. For those who don't know what OMAD is, that's one meal a day. I've been doing one meal a day forever. I've done it as a teenager, stopped for a while, then I started back as an adult. That is prescribed to me by one of my spiritual fathers, the Honorable Elijah Muhammad. He has a book called How to Eat to Live in which he prescribed us to eat one meal a day. Ancient wisdom. But now it's funny because now modern science and doctors are trying to talk about that now and people throw terms like OMAD on it like it's new but this is something that we've been doing. But anyway, I eat when I get home from a long workday. Like right now I'm fasted. I go my whole day fasted. So when I get home it's probably about 7:00 sometimes later and I eat. So I'll have pretty big meal. So like two salmon fililelets, steak chopped up, avocado, rice, broccolini. That's pretty much a meal for me. I may not get through it all right there in that one sitting, but I'll get up later, like in the middle of the night, and chow down on the rest of the proteins. That with planta, that's all I need. Depending on how many scoops you get, you get 20 to 40 g of protein in the shake. I'll put 42 scoops. I'm hitting my numbers, the numbers that I need, and I'm only hitting what I want my body weight to be in grams. Right now, I'm 210, which is a light for me. So, I'm consuming 210 g of protein every day thanks to Plano. &gt;&gt; The next question would be, advice for a rookie finding extremely difficult to train alone in the gym. M that's a good one. So I do think there's a huge benefit in training with somebody having a training partner so y'all can keep each other accountable. However, if you do not have a training partner and you're new, there are plenty of resources. I trust my protocols and I have so many videos on YouTube for free in which you can get whether it's chest, back, legs, every body part. You can search microche leg workout whatever and you'll find something right there, a resource for you to follow along with if you want to take it to another level. That's what I prefer. I can train you with either my app, which is Alpha Shred, is really affordable. It's only 49 bucks a month. That's like nothing. But the value that we offer is crazy. You're going to put in your age, your weight, your height, your gender, so on and so forth, your goals, and we calculate your macros. Boom. You have nothing to worry about with that. And every day, you'll see the workout that you need to do. So, not only the workout that I prescribe, but every movement, every rep, and also a video with every movement so you know exactly how to do it. So, you want to do the exercises properly. I always say this, practice do not make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect. So I provide the resources. It'll be me, it'll be a girl, it'll be a tall dude, a short dude. It's different people on there because everybody has different body types. So a squat for me may look different than a squat from you. You have that resources. It's called Alphashred. You go to mashed.com. It's easy. So that's a level. And I got another level where I'm actually customizing and dealing with you one-on-one online. Of course, we'll put the link right here on the screen how to get in touch with me for that. And the link is down in the bio so we can set an appointment, hop on the car, boom, bomb. You want to do things right. You want to enjoy what you do. This is something working out in whatever capacity is something that everybody should do. The younger you are. And everybody watching this video right now is the youngest you'll ever be. So right now is when you should be getting addicted and hooked to training because as you get older and try to like adopt it, especially when your doctor's telling you to, you still can, but it's going to be very difficult. I'm going to tell you why. And this is from my years of training people in the gym cuz I would get people that was sent from the by the doctors and sometime they're in so much pain and then they're in the gym and the gym is not comfortable and they're a little intimidated by people that's in shape and then they're not seeing results that fast. They get discouraged and just like you know what you know people have years and years and years of not doing anything. Years and years and years of defaulting to comfort food. The gym is hard when you're in really bad shape. I'm not saying that that should discourage anybody. You should do it anyway. But let's do this for those who are not in bad shape. Let's say you don't even train or you don't even take it that serious. Take it serious. Trust me, because as time goes on, your youthfulness, it goes away. And then it's all downhill, unless you change it by adopting a fit, healthy lifestyle. Now, I'm 48 years old and I do it all. I go hard. Cardio, lifting, sauna, like I'm crazy. But I only developed that from years and years and years of getting used to it. It's hard, but it became, I guess, an addiction, but this is an addiction that's beneficial. It's not harming me. I highly advise you to just lock in. Now, here's the thing, too. A lot of people do work out, but you got to be honest with yourself. Are you getting any results? Another thing I've seen over the years is people in the gym consistently, but they don't look any better. They actually look worse every year slightly. They may be slowing down the entropy, but they're not stopping you. You have to have a proper protocol. You got to know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you doing, and most people just don't. And it's not a slight of anybody. You're just not a professional or you haven't been doing this for a long time or you have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trainer. And people got to check their trainers, too. I don't want to hear nothing from a trainer that ain't in shape. I don't want to hear what you used to do. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of my face with that. And for the trainers out there, be the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] example. I highly advise my man right here to lock in, get some coaching if you can afford it. If not, look, the free resources is online. When I was coming up, we didn't have that is there now. Very broke down in detail. So anyway, I hope that answers your question. &gt;&gt; You talked about a little bit about your training regimen. You talked about your protein intake and you also talked about uh like coaching and how important it is. So this is the question that I have right here for you. It's I want to join your community, but I don't see how it can help me. &gt;&gt; That's an interesting comment. I have a counter question. Why do you want to join my community if you don't know how it's going to help? Well, first of all, I don't know anything about you to know where you're deficient at. But I will say this, I'll tell you what our community does do. First and foremost, it'll get you in shape because Alpha Shred is the foundation inside the Sacred Society community that everybody has access to. That's number one. You're going to get in shape. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Look at these before and afters that don't lie. Second, you're going to learn how to stay in shape. You're going to learn how to employ intensity to your regimen. You're going to learn that you need regimens. You need to have a specific goal and then a plan to reach that particular goal. You're going to learn all that. That's one aspect. Another aspect, you're going to have access to a community, a community of people who sought out a community of people that's doing the best they can to ascend in life in all areas. So, you'll be in a close-knit community of dope, like-minded people that want to progress in life. I love AI. We have a robust protocols and documents and teachings on AI. I think everyone should be leveraging AI, but not just the basic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that people are doing, but really digging into it to where you can put together systems that's working for you, making you some money. So, we have that component. You have courses. You know, there's a lot of different principles on masculinity. We have a lot of different courses on confidence. There's so many things that they may seem basic to some, but a lot of people never learn. So, we break all of this stuff down. And also every Thursday I'm in there with the community doing a lecture, teaching on something that's very beneficial to people. People love that part. There's blogs. I'm a writer, so I'm updating the blog a couple times a month with new materials that I'm working on. Networking. I have a very high network of friends and family. That is valuable. Having access to people who are where you want to get to to be able to ask them questions, to be able to run ideas about them, so on and so forth. The sacred society is like one of the the universities in Timbuktu back in the day where scholars from all over the world came to learn because it's something for everybody. Spirituality and not nothing weird. It's like practical spirituality. Like what does it really mean? Things of a societal nature that's going to benefit you, how to make money, side hustles, main hustles. That part of my life and my career is the least lucrative, but it's where I spend the most time because I get the most joy out of it. I don't care about making a dime. Matter of fact, I don't make any money out of it. I'm gonna keep it 100. The money goes to the team that's running it. This is a labor of love. This is my form of giving to people. I'll never stop doing it. I've been doing this for two and a half years, and I love it. &gt;&gt; I think you put it perfectly. There's this one question. The more we focus on improving ourselves, the harder it can be to find our person. &gt;&gt; No, I don't agree with that at all. First and foremost, I say this to everybody. While you're trying to improve yourself and get to that baseline level of where you need to be, you shouldn't be thinking about bringing other people into your your world. That's a distraction. And let's say you lock in with somebody and find somebody. Chances are y'all think each other are cute, attractive. Y'all might get intimate with each other. And of course, feelings develop, but the red flags are cloud. You're not seeing it properly because of the feelings cuz it feels good to be with this person, right? You feel invested to a degree, but you're not ready. And they're not ready. And y'all may not even be good for each other. People spend time together because they having sex, they're doing whatever, but that doesn't mean you should be together. I don't think people should even be having sex until they married or ready to get married. You got to remove yourself from that whole equation and work on you. Especially the fellas. Look, you don't have to be the richest person in the world. You don't have to be to where you just doing everything for your girl and she don't have to contribute anything. But you should be able to be that rock, that foundation for your woman, right? I think you should take care of your woman. When you do, you don't have the same problems as somebody who don't, who can't, who's not willing to or not able to. So, you want to have life as simple as possible. Work your ass off so you can have the things that you want the way that you want it. People want nothing more than security in life. That is a major thing. And for a man to be able to provide security, that's what it's about. To be able to provide security, provisions, wisdom, and guidance. That's what we need to do as men. Men has to qualify themselves for that to be deserving and worthy of a woman. It's a reason why men date younger women. Men and women on a 1:1 ratio are not even. And this is going to shock a lot of people, but women are appear to us. a 21-year-old woman, 21 year old man. Stop. This is a real woman. This is a boy. You feel me? What's going to happen? You're going to get your heart broken, tore up, destroyed, cuz you can't handle that woman. Because women mature faster than we do. It is what it is. I don't care what nobody said. Most of us still play video games. It takes us longer to gain wisdom, to gain intellect, to have that kind of emotional resilience, emotional intelligence, and to acquire resources, networks, so on and so forth. A good relationship is a community. If my woman is having a problem out of me, she's going to call Fahim. She going to call Amir. She's going to call somebody who's also in a relationship that she knows is going to check me if I'm I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. So, if you don't have that kind of community, you have more chances of it not working out or doing something stupid. And I think we should use every cheat code that we can to stay in alignment. I would say religion, but a lot of people don't want religion. So, okay, you still need all the things in place to stay on a straighten out. So, I highly recommend that for men. Now, for a woman, it's kind of frustrating out there because we live in a society to where this is loose. Our American society, our culture is very loose. There's no real principles and morals. Now, think about what I just said a minute ago. I don't think people should be having sex. I know we live in America. Everybody carry guns. And, you know, I used to carry guns. I have guns. I stopped carrying them this year because a gun will escalate any and everything to a higher degree. I know this from experience. I honestly never been in a situation to where I needed a gun. Doesn't mean I haven't used a gun. Sex is the same thing. It's escalating things to a high degree before we know each other, before my life is together or before your life is together. And then we're just starting to mix everything together and then it just causes issues, right? But American society, free sex, sexuality everywhere. I just think it's wrong. I think it's wrong. We live in a loose culture. So, she's probably experiencing just dudes that just want to smash and that's unfortunate. I could say religion again because I'm not saying all religious people are good people but a lot of them are you know and a lot of times in religion you have a spiritual foundation and rules and laws that you adhere to. I think that's good to sis out there. I understand I hear you. I know it's really really tough for women. You know what I'm saying? So I feel for you but I would need to know a little bit more about your situation to to where I can point you in that direction or that direction. I'm going to share something from my religion from from Islam. And this is something I was reading in the Quran. It said it said he who seeks Allah verily finds peace at heart. What does that mean? If I'm seeking Allah, seeking God, that means in Islam, it's a lot. It's like a lot of rules. So, I'm praying five times a day. I'm eating a certain way. I'm mindful about when I interact with women, everything matters, right? So, I'm doing all the things that keep me in a certain type of alignment. So, therefore, my peace is not with another person. My peace is not even my woman who I love to death but she does not control my heart my peace God does and me. So nobody can break my heart. If she left me today it would be a bummer but it's okay because my peace your peace should never be in another person. Some of y'all be heartbroken over relationships. You should your peace should not be with another person. Let's talk about God. This I ain't trying to make this religious but I got to talk about this. Allah or God created space and time but God exists outside of space and time. God is the supreme constant. So a constant in mathematics in science is an equation that I don't care how you put two and two together is always four. So if anything deviates from that constant, we would not exist. Human beings are not constants. God is the only constant. So your peace should not be in another person or a car or a job or a money or nothing. You feel me? When you can really embrace that, I had to because I used to put my piece in people. But when you can really embrace that, man, life is so easy. And for sis right here, if you're embracing that, I promise you, the frequency that you are emitting is going to lock in with somebody who's looking for exactly what you're looking for or not even looking, just ready, like you're ready, and y'all going to find each other. It's going to just make sense off the rip. It's not going to be weird. It's not going to be I'm trying to figure this person out. Nobody's have to do any of that. I got to say this, too. Communication. Cuz nobody going to say, "Hey, I'm not ready for you." No one's going to say, "Hey, I'm really attracted to you. I want to hit that, but I ain't shit." Nobody's going to say that. But energetically, you're communicating. So, when a woman or whatever is just confused by a guy she's trying to get to know, he's energetically telling you, "I'm trying to smash, but that's about it." You got to listen to that energy. You got to listen to that form of communication. But when you're doing the things and you're aligning yourself with God, it's as clear as day. The people that you need that you desire, you're just like magnets. &gt;&gt; It's going to happen. &gt;&gt; All right. Awesome. Perfectly put. So, there's this other question here. It says, "Is it weak to ignore someone talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and disrespecting you?" &gt;&gt; No, it's actually weak to respond to people talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and disrespecting you. Listen, if somebody that you care about, I deal with this a lot. People I don't know and I know. I'll send I'll like, "Hey, want to talk?" It's never my issue when people flash, right? It's not your issue if somebody flash. And if it is, this is what I do. If I'm not sure about something with a relationship, a friend of mine, I'm like, "Yo, I don't know if I did something. I apologize if I did. I'm going to say that out the rip, but let me know so I can fix it. Something don't feel right. Cuz if somebody's coming at you weird is their issue cuz they didn't talk to you. If somebody do something like this is one of my best friends right here. We get on each other's nerves, but we could talk about it. Like, yo, what was this about? Well, you said this. Well, okay. I didn't mean it like that, but okay. Are we good? All right, cool. Boom. Boom. Boom. It's not going to be I'mma just be weird to this person and say disrespectful things. Like, it shouldn't get to that. Here's the thing. Sometime people hold things in and don't express and then it comes out weird. Sometimes people have harbor feelings that they just not deal dealing with and it's not your fault. So I don't advise people to respond to people disrespecting. Ignore them. That hurts them a lot worse. But when you you feed into it, it's just a mess. You're part of the problem, too. I used to be big on retribution, getting people back. I'm like, "How dare this person say this about me?" And that would get me in more trouble cuz I can do it worse than them. I would try to justify it by saying, "Well, they started. Y'all know I don't start nothing, right?" And I literally don't, but I'll finish it. But that's wrong, too. Cuz here's the thing, brother. People got to have empathy. And if somebody coming at me foul and crazy, they hurt about something. Whether it's justified or not, you can't deny somebody's feelings. You know what I'm saying? Everybody's feelings are valid. We got to get to the root of it. If it even matters, cuz if we're close enough, but everybody's feelings matter. So, if you're on a quest to be a better person or a good person, you should have empathy for that person even though they're trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on you. So, don't do it back. I had to learn that the hard way. Keep it 100. I'm battle tested with this. I've been on social media since 2011. So, I had different different errors of people disrespecting the hell out of me. And I used to like flash and that does nothing. It's not my problem. So, I don't even deal with it no more. Yes, it is weak to respond to people disrespecting me. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] them. &gt;&gt; So, Mike, why should people care about their NAD levels? &gt;&gt; People should care about their NAD levels if they want a robust quality of life. Let's think about what NAD does. NAD3 specifically. NAD3, it signals your body to start generating more NAD. What that does is it increases the length of telomeres, these tails on the end of our cells or DNA. This is how people die. First of all, it's when cells are just forming in a weird way. Proteins are folded. DNA is damaged. And that happens from wear and tear on life. That happens from not sleeping. That happens from people being stressed out. That happens from not working out properly. That happens from bad food, alcohol, pollution. There's a lot of different things that damages your DNA. NAD3 repairs it. So essentially on a cellular level, you are reversing the hands of time. You're reverse aging. So your energy is going to be crazy. You see your skin getting healthier. This sounds like hyperbole, but it's not. You are activating that Benjamin Button energy because you're starting to repair cells on a cellular level. Now, you should be doing a lot of other things with that cuz you could be taking all the NAD3 in the world, but if you're still not adhering to a fit, healthy, stress-free life, the counterbalancing, you're not really getting the benefits like you should. So, with that, I think everybody should be taking N83. Even if you don't work out, if you really want that robust energy, that good deep sleep, if you want to try to look as young as possible, people got to understand, people die because of a thing called entropy. That's chaos. In this sense, it's the chaos of cells, chaos of DNA. When these things are damaged, that's when you become susceptible to diseases and to cancers. This is like the fountain of youth time sins. It's highly effective and N83 is the king. It's the pinnacle. It's the the gold standard of anything in this lane. Everything else is our sons and that's a fact. &gt;&gt; What's something you do differently in recovery now compared to earlier in your career? &gt;&gt; Sauna. Yeah, sauna. Earlier I would hit the steam room every now and then. You know what I'm saying? But I wasn't doing a sauna. Sauna makes a world of difference for me. I I can tell sauna and prioritizing my sleep. They did a study on sleep. Sleep is the best performance enhancement that there is. There's no steroid. There's no supplement. There's nothing that beats a person getting ample sleep every night. Prioritizing sleep is one of them. &gt;&gt; A lot of people work hard in the gym but still feel tired. Why do you think that is? &gt;&gt; They're not getting the sleep. They feel tired. They're not putting the right things in their body, the right nutrition, the right supplements. So, when you have products like N83, it's a cheat code. We put the information out there. I don't know if y'all think that we just capping, we just want to make money, but no, we create things that we actually use. I, me personally, Mike, I will use whatever I find necessary to help give me a healthy, robust life, full of energy, so on and so forth. I don't want to go through life without energy. I don't want to go through life lethargic. I want to have energy, be upbeat, be in a good mood, and I don't want to take stimulants for that. I want it to be holistic. That's why we have N83. We have it right here. The cheat code exists. Whether somebody want to take heat or not, that's on them. I'm not pushing nothing on nobody. All I can do is give you my statistics. 48 years old, 210 lbs, 7% body fat, single digits, blood work, immaculate. all A's on my blood work. Is NAD3 the only reason? Absolutely not. I'm doing all the things, but that is a key ingredient in my equation. &gt;&gt; So, why do you think people in their 30s and 40s say they start to slow down? Like, where does that come from? &gt;&gt; Cuz they do. Uh, once again, entropy. That's the lack of motion. That's when things stop. You should get crazier and crazier about restoring, reinvigorating your youthfulness. When you're young, you just got the energy for no reason. You just do whatever for however long. As you get older, you don't feel like doing it, but that's what you should. In your mind, you know you should do XYZ. I ain't got the energy. Okay, sleep more. Research products like NAD3. Research products like PA7 if you don't feel strong. PA7 is a steroid copycat and is legal. Sometimes I say things that are very bold, but it's all facts. We have the studies. We have the science. We have the data to support it. That's as effective as steroid. What do steroids do? Steroids increases the muscle protein synthesis. Guess what? PA7 does the same thing and it's safe. People need to acknowledge how they feel. You don't got the energy, you don't got the strength, whatever. So, what can help me feel better? What can I try to feel better? You got to try something or just keep feeling like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's on you. &gt;&gt; Do you believe you can actually slow down the aging process or is it more about quality of life? &gt;&gt; What I know is yes, you can slow down the aging process, but also I do believe in quality of life. I adhere to quality over life versus quantity. I don't want to be 110 with a diaper on. I rather be 80 kicking ass. You know what I'm saying? Or even 70 kicking ass. Human life expectancy is around 80ish. So you have below that and above that. All around that area, you have people that may have neurodeenerative diseases, but they're alive. This is going to sound maybe controversial, but I think it's cruel to keep people alive in those states. They're not having fun in life at all. It sucks for them. They're confused. They don't know who we are, the people that we love. And then it's hard on the family, too. And we're just putting medicine in people just keeping people alive. Like, why are you doing that? It has everything to say about the younger family. Then that older person, that older person doesn't even know to say like, yo, get me out of this. Their minds are kind of gone. And I don't think that's a quality of life. So, I'm always going to default to quality of life over quantity. &gt;&gt; You talked about lifestyle intervention. There's a lot of components to like aging healthy. If someone wants to look and feel younger, what's the first thing they should focus on? &gt;&gt; Sleep. Tell me, what do people stress about in life? &gt;&gt; Work, relationships, probably anything materialistic, I would say. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How important are these things, right? Work can be important, but why would work stress somebody out? Put it like that. &gt;&gt; Cuz I think it's an attachment to security. &gt;&gt; If it's not going well well, are they not doing a good job? I would say it could either be, &gt;&gt; okay, since we don't know everyone's situation and circumstance, let's say it's not going well, typically speaking, because they're not performing at a level to where they feel secure. Is that fair to say? Work harder or work better, be more effective at what you do. I always tell people this, shout out to my boy Andy Fcell. That's my dog. He had me come out and speak at his summer jam, right? His team was so on point, I had to speak to them once there. I said, "Look," I said to everybody though. I said, "I don't care who you work at. I don't care if it was McDonald's. Honor that job, right? because you're working, you're serving people, right? And if it's if you're too good for it, then quit. Quit taking that check. But if you're in that spot, do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] passionately. Cuz here's that's where you that's where joy comes from. If you have to do something, if you're doing something, do it really good or don't waste people's time. I think a good person should be good in whatever space they in, your relationships, your job, whatever. Or don't waste that spot. there's somebody else who need that money and that will appreciate that that spot that's going to serve people properly. So if you are stressed out about work, analyze why. If it's performance based, if you don't feel secure, step your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up or leave it. &gt;&gt; So Mike, you got this comment. It says, "Marry me." &gt;&gt; No. No. I'm already taking. And I'm going to say it like this, ladies. If you're shooting at a guy, I don't know. I don't know guy that wants that. And a guy that receives that, it may not be quality for you. You know what I'm saying? Let the guy come to you. Let the guy come pursue you. That's not the way. But I'm good. I'm not on the market, ma'am. Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; All right, we got another question here. Do you know of semen retention? And if yes, what are your thoughts on it? &gt;&gt; No, I don't know anything about that. I think it's just a weird thing that people talk about. It's not something I ever want to talk about. I don't care what people do with that part of their lives. Just doesn't interest me. I think if you think that makes you a better or stronger person, that's weird. People do a lot of weird things and not the necessary things. I know a guy, a guy I respect, nice guy, he has some health issues and he's telling me the protocol of weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he takes, hydrogen water and this that and this strips on his nose and all this. I'm like, "Bro, why don't you work out?" He was like, "Well, my shoulder and my this." He's got an excuse for everything. Just do the normal things. People want the easy way of being great. You got to make yourself great, whatever that is. If it's ripped, if it's strong, if it's confident, whatever. If you want to be smarter, you got to read more, right? You got to engage in things of an intellectual nature. You want to be stronger, you got to eat properly and lift weights and rest. You know, all of this these strategies is weird.