Kind: captions Language: en So, Mike, how often do you train in the winter and does training get harder in the cold? &gt;&gt; I train the same all year round. I train 5 to six days a week. Summer, winter, fall, spring, whatever. It don't matter. I actually like when it's cold to train. If y'all notice a lot of my videos, I'm bundled up. I feel stronger for some reason when I'm bundled up. It's like armor on me, like a hoodie, t-shirt. And actually, even in the summer, I be bundled up until I can't take it no more. Then I take it off. Then when I come out the hoodie, it feel like a release. Something that I've noticed traveling all over the the world, especially in America, places that's cold, people are not in good shape. And I think it's because they are bundled up all all the time. You don't really get to see see them. So they're like, "Ah, it's all it's all right." But listen, don't matter. You got to be on it. If you look at places like here, Southern California, Southern Florida, the hot states, everybody's in shape, right? Cuz their bodies exposed all the time. and they're wearing, you know, summertime clothes. But it don't matter. Wherever you at, you need to get after it. &gt;&gt; Perfect. How old were you when you became a millionaire? &gt;&gt; First time was my late 20s. Disclaimer, back then I got it in ways that are not that does not coincide with the law. And as fast as I got it, I lost it faster. Uh then over time in my 30s, I got it back the right way. And I've had ups and downs, but now where I'm at now, I'm good because my mindset with money is a lot different. When I first started making money legally, like a lot of it, my mentality was still like a street dude. So, I was blowing it fast on silly things. So, I had to I wasn't being faithful to what I had. So, I get taken away again. But now on my this other this new bump, my mentality is way different. First of all, I don't even want anything because back then I wanted so many things. I don't want anything now, but like peace, joy, happiness, all of those good things. But I have a duty to give, you know, a portion of my wealth away. And what I'm prescribed to give away is not a lot. But I want to give more. I just do. I'm in that phase of life right now. And also I want to say this. I had it before, lost it, got it back, lost some of it, got it back. It's very important to me, right? Sometime I talk to people who trying to like come up and I don't see a sense of urgency planting seeds and stuff like that. Planting seeds is like this. You cannot be in a mentality or space of lack and not having. You got to be in a mindset of abundance. When you plant a seed, whatever that seed may be, it doesn't grow instantly. It takes a while. You got to cultivate it. The soil got to be proper. You got to do all of the things, nutrients in it. Then over time, your fruit will come to harvest, right? It's the same with planting seeds in the business world, right? There's businesses that I started two years ago that's making money right now that haven't made money in two years. That's a fact. Like literally, we're in that that season right now. Right. Here's the thing. You can't be in a rush and you have to think not in like immediate gratification. You have to think long term. It took me a while to understand that, but I totally understand that now. But my mindset is always planting seeds. planting seeds for next year, the year after, so on and so forth. I'll tell you like this, I took a a big hit out of my finances this year, right? But the seeds that I planted two years ago, it doesn't even I don't even care about what I lost uh recently. You see what I'm saying? So, it's always a benefit to like planting seeds, planting seeds, planting seeds, and take your mindset out of I need it right now because this life don't work like that unless you hit the lottery, but that's not realistic. Why are you not married? &gt;&gt; Good question. I have not been ready to be married for so many years, but now I am. And inshallah, January, I'm I'm going to be married. So, it's already in the it's written. &gt;&gt; How much water should you drink per five grams of creatine? &gt;&gt; Well, first and foremost, you should not be taking creatine. You should be taking Atlas. This is super crea pure, right? This is literally the gold standard of creatine. And we take it a step further and add acetic acid in it. So you don't have to go and do the apple cider vinegar no more cuz you got it all right here in one bang with Atlas. For maximum absorption, you should drink it drink about, you know, a glass of water, 12 ounces or so of water. But across the board, you should be doing at least a gallon of water a day. That's going to help with everything. So whether you're taking Atlas or not, you need to be drinking ample water every day and hydrating yourself. And I got a cheat code for that since we on the subject of hydration. Hydroglyph because I'm I'm gonna be honest. Water alone does not hydrate most people, especially if you train, right? You're burning off so many vitamins and minerals that you need to put back in your body. And hydroglyph has that. &gt;&gt; What's the best leg exercise for muscle growth? &gt;&gt; Squats. &gt;&gt; If I want to lose 30 lbs, what's a good goal per week slashmon? &gt;&gt; All right, so there's a lot of variables that we have to consider, right? I'd have to know your age, your gender, your body fat percentage, have you been training, and then we got to come up with a nutrition plan for you. So, y'all got to take these cookie cutter, oh, this per this out of your head. Get a real plan, right? Get with somebody like your boy who can put together a real strategy for you to lose weight the proper way. And I don't even look at the weight. Unless you have high body fat, then that's different, right? But weight, muscle is weight as well. You don't want to lose that. You see what I'm saying? So, what we're in the business of is helping people reduce body fat, not weight, body fat, water, inflammation, build muscle. I've had people gaining weights, right? But looking leaner and better because muscle is smaller than fat and firmer. It looks better and it's tight, right? So, if you take a pound of fat, it's about that big. A pound of muscle is about that big. real lean and tight burn. Fat is fluffy, buttery, big back buffalo bison type build. You know what I mean? So, we want to get body fat off. Take your mind off of weight more on body fat and we target it. We annihilate it. That's what we do. I do do this for people. And we have a dope dope dope community. If you are interested, the link is down below. It's mike rasheedraining.com. I'll get you right. But part of this is the accountability and I'm talking to my people once a week. So I'mma be on your ass if you're not on your stuff, right? So I'm going to make you uncomfortable if you're not doing the things that's prescribed. So only sign up if you're really ready. This ain't for everybody. It's for people that's really ready. &gt;&gt; For someone that has took vitamins before, what are the top ones to start off with? &gt;&gt; Nectar superfoods because it's got everything you need. It's like 13 different powerful ingredients in one delicious drink. So, Nectar Superfoods. &gt;&gt; This one is no question, but it says, "Gratitude, sir. May Allah continue to bless you." &gt;&gt; Alhamdulillah. Appreciate you, brother. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Did you get bad reactions from people since you started talking more about Islam? &gt;&gt; Not at all, sir. You know, in America, a lot of people are kind of shy to talk about their faith, especially Islam, but I'm not. You know, because it's like this, I'll take anybody that I know around my other Muslim friends and they're they're going to be like, "Wow, everybody's so nice, so kind, so humble, so peaceful." Right? So I open up that invitation for the conversation, for the communion, for us being in counsel with each other, for people to learn more about Islam because I promise you, especially my Christian brothers and sisters, once you learn about Islam, you learn so much about Jesus, peace be upon him, like facts, factual facts, right? A little bit of history. The whole purpose of Islam was this was to you know we have one is one source that all of these religions come from and that's from the lineage of Abraham and you have Moses you have the original book. The Holy Quran is never been changed. It's as pure as it gets. There's no different versions. There's only one version, one edition. So the whole purpose was to bring everything back to the original teachings, right, of Abrahamic religions. Um because things change over the years and you have Judaism was first, Christianity was a offshoot, Islam came last, but Islam was to all right, things are getting kind of like weird. Let's bring it back to its purest sense. This is why a lot of things in our customs in our culture is what the prophet Jesus did. The praying five times a day, the way that we pray, the things that we say to greet each other, all of these things come from Jesus. People don't realize that because people are things change. Our version doesn't change. It's the original way. So, we love for I talk about it a lot for people to ask me and you know, I love my God and I'm faithful to God. So that's my duty. Why why wouldn't I talk about God and you know a way of life that's you know that that has helped me in such great ways. My entire career on YouTube I've shared like dope information and wisdom that I come across that's beneficial to people. This is the best that I have is me sharing the spiritual system that I am aligned with the best that I've experienced. So I have to share it as well. And I never try to push it on people. I just talk about it. If people like it, great. If not, it's okay. But I'm always open for a conversation if anybody want to talk about it. And I'll give my best sincere answers. I don't know everything, but I'm always here to talk about it. &gt;&gt; Fat on the lower part of the abs. How in the world can I get rid of it? &gt;&gt; There's no way to spot to reduce fat in one area of the body naturally. The unnatural way is surgery is lipo or something like that. that is a viable option for the right candidate, right? Like women who's had babies and they can't get rid of it down there, whatever. Guys, I don't think you ever should need that. The way that you reduce fat in one area is just reducing fat overall. The best way to do it is one, reducing your caloric intake, changing the things that you eat, and also being on a a a really legit training regimen and cardio regimen. But it's it's it's so much in how you eat that determines so much about your body composition. So much about what you eat and don't eat. People eat way too much. It's real simple. You got to think of it like this. Food is energy for the body, right? Just like gasoline is energy for a car. If the car is empty, it can't drive. It has no energy to burn off, right? If our body's empty with no food, which is never the case, we have we can't move. So we eat for fuel, right? Our body, see a car uses petroleum, whatever it's called, right? Whatever it's called, petroleum. We use three different types of energy sources. Fats, carbohydrates, and proteins, right? Carbohydrates is what the body likes the most. Well, it just uses it fast. It goes to that first. So, it goes to that and then it goes to fat, right? That's what you want to be using for for fuel. You don't want to use protein for fuel, right? And people are not getting to the point that's starvation, right? If you're burning off protein, but people are never burning off fat because they eat so much carbs and they never get to burn off that amount of carbs before their next meal. You see what I'm saying? So, let's say you have breakfast, which I recommend against. All right, you starting your day out at a surplus, right? Okay, let's say you work out. It's not realistic that you burnt off enough in that workout to get rid of those carbs. And then you have lunch or a snack, more carbs on top of that. Then you have dinner, more carbs on top of that. And you're not working out in between each meal. Right? So most people are never burning off enough carbs to start burning fat. You follow me? Now, if somebody adheres to, let's say, intermittent fasting, right? Eat all the carbs you want. I can eat all the carbs I want. I It doesn't stay on me, but I I mine's a little bit extreme. I only eat once a day. So, I'm for sure not eating as much carbs as the act the the average person. Now, if even if you don't want to do that, if people want to eat three times a day, that's fine. But, I would reduce the carbs by a great degree, a huge degree because you want to burn fat. You need fat in your body. It's good for your brain, skin, all hormones, all of that, right? But people are only storing fat. They're never the body's never using it. It's just storing. And you know what happen when you store fat? You see it, right? It covers your organs. It gets in between your skin and your muscles and you look like a bag of water and that is not the vibration. &gt;&gt; What do you think is the best way to grow your biceps? &gt;&gt; Curls. It's Look, training. Brother Nick, look at me. Training is not that hard. is not a complicated system. Curls. Curls. That's it. You don't have to do all this fancy stuff. Now, I will say this, an exercise that doesn't seem to train the biceps direct, but it does in a huge degree is pull-ups. It does wonders for your biceps, but curls. Curls and pull-ups. &gt;&gt; What's your best workouts to shed fat quickly? &gt;&gt; Don't think about that. Like shedding fat quickly. Everybody's trying to get a shortcut. There's no shortcut because I could listen, you can do workouts that are annihilate fat, but they're really hard and taxing. It is not realistic to do every day, right? And that's like a total body muscle building, fat burning workout that includes barbell complexes, dumbbell complexes. Hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I got a lot of those kind of workouts. But that's not something you're going to do every day. You're not going to do that every day. You're going to burn yourself out. The best thing is to be, especially if you're trying to burn fat, lose fat, be eating at a caloric deficit. So that means you are burning off more calories than you're putting in your body. And I can help people with that. The links down below, like I said earlier, microchetraining.com. The training is important, but the nutrition is so much more important. How a person's eating. So it's all it's all numbers, right? It's all calculations. You know, eat you track everything. You know what you're putting in. you know what you're burning off. It's that simple. &gt;&gt; If you're trying to not spend too much, is big chicken a good replacement for salmon or bison? &gt;&gt; If you're looking at just protein for protein, right? Yeah. But if you're looking at pure health for pure health, no. First of all, the quality of protein in bison or salmon is superior to chicken, right? Way more useful to the body. But the benefits of the omega-3s and the fatty acids that's in like say for instance salmon is it gets no better than that is not in chicken. It's not dry ass chickens. I don't like chickens. I don't like how they look. They look evil to me, right? Little beady red eyes and they they're mean. You you feel me? Chickens are not nice. Animals are not nice. Chickens I can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with. I would not eat a chicken just cuz I don't like how they look. I don't like their energy. They're toxic. They're narcissistic. Chickens are narcissistic. That's a fact. But nah, chicken is cool if you're just looking at macros only. But overall health, I say get that salmon up in, get some bison up in you, right? You can't shortcut your health. You shouldn't. &gt;&gt; What drives you? &gt;&gt; I don't know, man. It's just intrinsic. I've always had this mentality of just striving. Striving, right? And listen, you know, we're given the the beauty, the gift of life to me is just like it is common sense to try to max it out, right? And that is uh manifested, which what we see is striving. That's what we see somebody trying to I'm a person that trying to max things out, max out life, you feel me? Living on 10 at whatever thing at whatever space that I'm in. You understand? If in a gym, be the strongest, look the best, be the best. I try to be that like that with my kids, with my religion, with everything. Just trying to be really exceptional at the things that I do. I I fall short a lot, but I try. So, that's my drive. And part of my drive, too, is like the fact that I do fall short, let me fix it. The times that I do fall short, let me let me fix it. I've always had this mentality, brother Nick, of like this second run at life that I that I've been blessed with, like there's a scale of justice to skipping that tipping that scale of good good doing so much good that the things that I've done that were bad, it gets erased. I've done my my share of bad things.