Kind: captions Language: en Alhamdulillah and I'm alimd do be out of lay him while I mean peace y'all. All right. So pe here we are the new year is upon us. And I got to admit y'all my new year well my year my current year 2025 probably my best year. Now, I used to gauge the quality of the year [music] based on how much money I made. Let me take it back a little bit further. I remember when I started making really good legal money, right? Like good money. I Okay, okay. Then I started having benchmarks what I wanted to get next, get next, get next, like markers, financial markers, right? And [music] then it was like cars and then the crib and then this to that. Promise y'all, bro. None of that made me feel no type of [music] way. I'm going to tell you what it did do though. It made me arrogant, overly cocky. I was already cocky. It made it worse. But nah, but it pulled me away from God. Like for real, for real, in the fact that I'm not saying it's bad. Do not take what I'm saying wrong. Money is not bad. But you getting it kind of crazy. You feel like, you know, you feel like that's the end all. And you forget that you do have a creator and you kind of lose that humility. You stop showing gratitude because the money, the money, the status, people around you, you traveling, you're doing this, you're doing that. But I got to tell y'all, man, like personally, I was drifting further and further and further away from [music] from Allah, from the things that would best for me, the things that got me to where I'm at. So, past couple years, I've been on a real journey. And this year, it got real intense. [music] And that journey was to really get myself back in alignment. And this was important, y'all. I'm going to tell y'all. Listen, hear me out. Usually people get close to God when they down on their luck, when they in jail, they lose their job, they go through a breakup or whatever, right? But something hit me like, "Yo, bro, your life is good. It's really good." This is actually the best time to give yourself back to Allah. Like for real, because Allah will take you however you come. Ain't it showing a great honor to your creator when you go to your creator when you're strong, when you powerful, when you young, when you got you got energy, you got motion, right? You're useful. You don't wait till you old and out the out the way, out the gang. Do it now. And I'm telling you, thing, every situation you you enter is just more blessed. Now, check this out. I ain't never like all them different times, like all the money, this, money, that, whatever. None of that never made me feel no way. I ain't going to lie to you. It never made me feel great. Things still bother me the same, if not more. I was not at peace. And I'll be the first to say it. I'll admit that. And people would ask me, "Hey, bro, you happy? You this? You that?" Like, eh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happiness. It's not necessary, but I promise yall like, you know, I don't know where what when it happened. I don't know the precise time, but it happened this year. I felt I'm like, you know, I think I'm at joy. I'm happy. I am happy, right? You know what I mean? Like, I don't know if y'all know what that feels like. And you know the times that it really I can really physically feel it is when I'm studying when I'm reading the word like you know while I'm I'm making dua praying. I'm I'm a baby in this you know but you know it was on my heart to call one of the homies yesterday. One of the homies I never he's just somebody I know casually but we got a good a decent relationship right. This dude facetime me one night and me and him has never talked on the phone. We've seen each other in person in passing. We exchanged numbers, but we've never talked on the phone. So, he facetimed me. It was late. I was already in bed. So, I look up the next day to check on him and I see online this dude [music] was all banged up. The brother was banged up. He had some kind of terrible accident. So, um I'm like, "Dang, that's crazy." So, it was on my heart last night or yesterday to call or I sent [music] him a voice message and made Rukaya. It's a form of dua. It's like a healing. It's a very healing form of prayer, man. And and I and I just told him like, you know, the prophet peace peace be upon him said, you know, we recite this when we're sick or when somebody else is not well. And and it's just fatiha and it's like it's a healing prayer. So I did it three times and I told him I got to say it three times because three is a complete sequence. That's the minimum amount of uh units or cycles that is required for [music] a unit to be complete or a cycle to be complete. One is just a data point. two, you can compare, but three is a completion. So, I did it three times and I just told the brother, man, like, you know, bro, I know you, you know, it don't feel great, you know, being banged up, but and this is like kind of life-changing, but I say in a good way, right? Because I'm like, brother, and I mean this so sincerely. I'm like, yo, you are blessed right now. You so blessed to have this opportunity [music] because the bigger the situation is that's in front of us, the greater we come out of it. You know what you have upon you, sir, is beautiful. Look at it as such. Keep your head up, bro. Take the lesson that comes with this and grow [music] and be powerful cuz you already powerful. You know, God don't put nothing on us that we can't handle. [music] Now, sometime we choose not to handle it. That's on us. That's not on God. But God will never put something on you that you can't handle. Anyway, another thing that I did, [music] I, you know, I got engaged. You know, I got engaged this year, right? It's going down real f real soon, you know? So everything that I wrote down, well not everything but most of the things that I wrote down, I have this thing in the sacred society called the declaration of truth. So every December you write it out for your next year. And what it is is like exactly what your life is supposed to be. And you write it out in a very declarative uh state. You don't say I want never say want. Want is a admission of lack. It's a weak word. It's putting yourself in a position of not having. So you you're declaring what you are having, how your life is going to be. You're in the process of this and process of that and you're very detailed. Why? Let's say it's money. Why? How much? How you going to get it? Why do you need that much? What are you going to do with it? But everything you put every I put my health, my everything. So many things on my now. I put a lot, right? And so many of them have came to fruition. New business started, my my health, best health I've I've had in in like ever, right? The oldest I am, I'm at my healthiest, right? like, but all of these things were written down in my declaration and it happened. Listen y'all, when you write [music] out how your life is to be, and you're very descriptive about it, and then you take that and every day you look at your list or you you [music] you you go over your list and then you close your eyes and you visualize what's on your list. I lie, bro, it's it happens. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; But you have to go out and align all your action and your decisions in accordance to what's on your list. Now, I don't have my list up in front of me, but I can tell y'all this. Let's say 25 or so items were on my list. I'm saying 70% of them are complete and the [music] rest are in motion. That's major. That's major. So, [music] y'all y'all should do this. Y'all should try that. Give it a try. And also, you know, this is something I have an actual template for this. It's inside the Sacred Society. If y'all want to come and check it out, the link's down below. First link. It's It's a It's a dope really dope community of people aspiring and doing the things necessary to fortify themselves mentally, physically, spiritually, and financially. It's a [music] place for men to become and stay dangerous. It's the real type of dangerous. All right, so anyway, I'm out. Listen, be mindful of how you start your new year, right? [music] I I beg y'all, please don't start it inebriated and drunk. That's just not a good vibe, y'all. That's not a good vibration. Be good to yourself and be better to yourself. You owe it to yourself, right? Clear mind, clear vision. Write out your plan, [music] not goals, your plan. Write your plan out to what's this [music] year is going to be 2026. And guess what? You you going to go out there and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crush it. Promise. [music] All right. Let's start this year proper. Let's end it strong and start the [music] next one strong. All right. All right. Talk to y'all soon. Peace. [music]