Kind: captions Language: en Not messing with y'all today. Arms, biceps, and triceps, all supersets. So, ride with me. This is the basic right here. Dumbbell curls standing. Sometime I do these alternating, but alternating takes too long. And since I'm super set, I want to get right to my triceps. So, right here, we're going to a dumbbell seated overhead press. Bring the weight down to where your elbows is 90° and then press. It's simple. Can't go wrong with buys and tries. It's pretty easy to train these muscles. The movements are basic, but that's all you got to do is stick to the basics. So with a superset, your only break is in between after your last set, after set B. So here, set A is curls, set B is uh tricep extensions, and then you take a break. And by the way, all the music you hear, I made, I produce. Link in the bio if you want to check some of it out. Spotify, Apple, whatever. [Music] I love classical music. I love trap. I love hip-hop. So, I had to bring it together. It's kind of music you could study to, you work to, work out to. This what I work out to. War music. Cuz the gym is like war. You're going to war with your lower nature. We call that jihad. It's not an external war. It's an internal war. And that's the most important war that you can have. All right. So, we running through these three times total. It actually was four, but we only record we didn't get the first set. The first series of movements you want to go the hardest will or do the most front lobe. And as you get fatigued, your body will automatically start to compensate. But you want to try to maintain form as much as possible. [Music] You can't really see the weight on here, but uh for the triceps and biceps, I went up each time each set. I think this is about 100 lbs right here. You know, I got my shirt off. Usually when I'm training, I'm all the way covered up. Hoodie, hood on. Atlas is our new performance creatine. It's crea pure creatine. That's the the highest level or the highest quality of cre creatine and is mixed with acetic acid. That way you don't get cramps, you have more muscle endurance, you don't get fatigued, you can go harder. If you ever see athletes, like top shelf athletes, uh, like sprinters and stuff like that drinking pickle juice, they're drinking it for the acetic acid. Same with like apple cider vinegar, but Atlas is a one of a kind. Nobody has come out with anything like this, but you know how we do. Link in the bio. Performance creatine. So right here we're doing hammer cross body curls. Hammer is where you're not flexing over your wrist. So you're getting the long head of the bicep. Now it's easy here to swing this. So you want to be mindful not to. Some core activation with keeping your body stable. [Music] All right. So, right here, this is a underrated tricep movement right here. It's so simple, but so effing effective. It's just a single arm tricep extension. That's it. You don't need a fancy cable. I just grab it and just go and just pump. All right. So, we go up on the waist here. So, what you want to do on your hammers when you desend descent come down. Try to control it to get a little bit of that negative. So, that's getting more out of the movement than just dropping the weight down when you come down. [Music] And these you want to get 15 to 20 reps. And this is going to burn. But that's what you want. [Music] And if you're drinking Atlas, you're not you're going to feel like you're going to cramp, but you're not. You're going to keep going. And that's ideal. I ain't going to lie. These beats is knocking fire. I call this playlist for villains cuz I'm the villain. The outlaw and we need a playlist. I love the villains in in the movies anyway. Who's to say they villains though? Thanos, you know what I mean? Like everybody got their their perspective on things. And truth is in the eye of the beholder. Remember that. The dark side from Star Wars to me the good guys. It's my team. Dark side for life, baby. [Music] Now, see, shout out to Tomas and this gym right here in Costa Mesa. Live Alpha. I love going here cuz I could be dooo nobody in there. I'm not a fan of busy gyms. Just keep it 100 though. I'm at a stage in my life where I don't want to talk to people unnecessarily. And in a busy gym, you find that. And I'm a, you know, I'm a nice person, so somebody want to speak, I will oblige. But if I had it my way, headphones blasting and I'm just getting after it. Once again, you want to get like 20 reps right here. And you're increasing the weight each set. I don't care that you're increasing the weight. You still get 20 reps. [Music] Listen y'all. 20 reps for a simple movement like this is nothing. This is necessary though. Your body literally will not grow if you're not pushing it. And just because you're working out doesn't mean you're pushing yourself. Pushing yourself. You got to really feel that burn. But here's the thing. Once you feel that burn, you don't stop. you keep going, it's going to hurt. But guess what? That has to occur in order for your your muscles to grow. It's called forced adaptation. You're not growing if it don't hurt. I'm just letting y'all know for real. So, here we go. I'mma finish out with preacher curls. Now, I'm a big fan of the pin loaded preacher. I don't know how to move no weights around as far as uh racking and re-rackcking. I can just move the pin. You can do a lot of damage on here. [Music] Anyway, I'm going to let the beat ride out. I'm going to stop talking. But y'all comment below. Do y'all like this new format? Do y'all rather just hear the music and see some legit training or you want to hear me breaking it down? I'm not going to assume that I know what y'all want. So, y'all let me know and I got you. But yo, if you like the music, the links down below. And also, if y'all are drinking creatine or taking creatine, I promise you that our creatine here at the Ambrosia Collective, it's called Atlas. It is far superior than anything you've ever taken. This is a fact. Look, I want y'all to go Google and look and ask Chat GBT, whoever, and see if there's any other performance creatine like ours that has Crea Pure and acetic acid. Please, we listen, it took us a while to get this product out because it's such a new category that we created, that we innovated. Y'all should take note of that. Every time we drop something, we bring it to the next level. When we did our pre-workout, what we do, we gave you adaptogen mushrooms in a pre-workout. Nobody's ever done that. But once we set a trend, it's not even a trend. Once we set a standard, a high bar, everybody else follows. And you're welcome. But that's our track record here at Ambrosia. We're not doing nothing basic, nothing regular. Why? Because look at the name Ambrosia. It means food for the gods. So we honoring y'all. Y'all are our people. [Music] All right, y'all. Make sure y'all subscribe, hit the like, share it. Let's get back in that good in the in the in the algorithm. God's graces. I've been I've been gone for a minute, but I'm back, baby. Let's go. Oh my [Music] god. [Music] [Applause] [Music]