Kind: captions Language: en All right. What's good, y'all? So, today I'm hitting y'all with a a chest workout. All right. And sometimes I start with a little meditation, little mindfulness meditation, little breathing exercise, cuz I be having some rough days sometimes and I'd be a little worked up. So, it's good to control the breathing. So, that's what I was doing right there. And here we warming up with 135 flat bench. Bench press is a total body movement. So, where your feet are, that matters. Hand placement, that matters. And y'all see my elbows. I'm trying to bring them close to my lats. [Music] We at 225 right here. I don't care how light the weight is, do it like it's heavy. You're going to need that mental practice for when it does get heavy. All right, we're going to go up to 315 right here. And today I'm working out dooo. So I'm doing weights that I know I can do without a spot. But I prefer to have a spot when I'm going heavy cuz even racking the weight will take a little bit. It take a a rep or two off. So you want to preserve that strength. We at 315 right here. Good money right there, baby. It's going to be a quick workout right here. We got 365. We got them epic camera angles. Hope y'all like it. Okay, I got I come down with somewhat of a negative. You just get more out of that. If y'all ever see me benching, the heavier I go, the slower I go on a descend, but when I ascend, I'm being explosive. So, next we go to my least favorite chest uh exercise, and that's dumbbells, specifically incline dumbbells. But it's so good for you. But I prefer barbells for flat and for incline only because you can load more weight. And the more weight you are pressing, the more trauma you cause to the muscle. So the stronger and firmer it grows back when you're in your recovery or repair mode. That's when you're resting, when you've uh replenished yourself with nutrients. Y'all got to remember, man, like training and growing muscle is more than just lifting weights. It's that is a supplementation. Shout out to Ambrosia and Hydroglyph, right? Hydroglyph is dope because it's not just hydration. It literally helps build muscle because of the amino acids. And you know, I fast a lot. I'm fasting right now for the second day. And it prevents you from wasting muscle because of the HMBB. There is literally, I promise y'all, there's no uh hydration formula as potent, is delicious, and as good for you as Hydroglift. You know how we do it. All right, I think it's the last set right here. And um I didn't go too heavy. I think we only went up the hundos right here. But we can go real heavy on these. But I'm just going for volume. [Music] Get a nice pump, nice stretch. Listen, when you're doing the right things in the gym, you don't need to be there a long time. I could get it in in 30 minutes. All right, calm myself down here a little bit more. So, we locking everything in right here with just some push-ups. You know, that's how you lock things in. It's a somewhat of a fatality or a finisher. Just push-ups. Push-ups is so functional. It's so good for you. And you don't need no equipment to do it. Shout out to my homie Tomas. He got the He got the Ferrari up in the gym. That's my dog. [Music] And look y'all, that's it. It's pretty simple. Listen, you don't always have to have a big ferocious hour and a half workout. But it's about the consistency. Getting in there every day, getting them reps in every day, right? You don't get buff with one workout. You don't get in shape because of one good workout. It's a series of decisions of small decisions. A cascade of of things happen when you're doing all the things. And for y'all that know me, y'all know I'm big on meditation. This is my finished meditation. Anyway, I appreciate y'all and this music is my new music. Link in the bio. See y'all soon. Peace. [Music]