Kind: captions Language: en back day. Always start every workout with a dead hang. Just like this. It decompresses the spine. This is why I don't have back pain. 48 years old and I go hard. No back pain. You decompress the spine allowing fluid to get in between your disc. You got to do this. [Music] And you got to stay hydrated. Hydroglyph, baby. Right here, these are stick packs. Stick packs. That's strategic. We call this portable spiritual technology. See, we make it easy for you to optimize and stay hydrated. Flavors are crazy. And this is literally the epitome of hydration. There's nobody with anything close to that formula. [Music] We starting out with some pull-ups. Dead hang. [Music] So, come all the way down. This is what I mean by dead hang. Taking the tension off the bicep by coming out all the way down. But this is generating pure power. We did uh 10 reps. Run right back to it. But we're going to do three sets here. Pull-ups is the king of back workouts. It's a fact. So, we start with it. It's somewhat of a pre-exhaust. Getting the back fired up, primed, and ready, but also because pull-ups is just an awesome movement. Trains your back, of course, your core and biceps. Okay, here's set three. We're doing 10 reps each. Now, I could do 30 out the clip on a good day, but that's not what we're doing right here. Pacing ourselves. [Music] From there, we are moving to bent over barbell rows. I call this The bench press of the back is that important. Come down to a 90° angle. Let the arms come all the way down and just row. Elbows close to the body. I'm the one. We stand on business and we never run. So you want to do this exactly how you practice with the bar. Once again, practice does not make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect. [Music] When I'm doing bent over barbell rows, every set feels heavy for some reason. LA. All right. So, we go from 135 to 185. [Music] Hope y'all digging the music. It's produced by yours truly. [Music] Music runs in the family. [Music] That was good money right there. Don't you agree? [Music] Set number three. We went on 50 lbs. Little bit heavier. Still getting that dead hang. That full range of motion. If you need a good gym playlist, first link in the bio. I got you. May not the may not be the first, but it's one of those links. Spotify, Apple, whatever. I got you. I hope y'all like the music. And here we're going into single arm lat pull downs. You see, I start with my palm out and as I come down, I twist and bring it all the way in. This is excellent for isolation. You can see it's working everything back there. the lats, round boys, rear delts. You may not see the the biceps, but also your abs. And you see I'm faced the other way. I don't have my legs under the pad. That way, I don't have leverage and it makes it harder and it engages your core so much more. That's why I'm not on a under the pad. And we needed to give you a good angle for the back. [Music] This workout is for anybody. But I'm I'm really I'm really trying to get to my my brothers 40 and up, 50 and up, cuz it ain't over. We're just getting started. This is when life gets real good, baby. When you hit 40, your money's right, your mind's right. So, you got to have your body right, too. That's the trifecta, baby. Don't let age limit you. Let it unlock you. The older you get, it's a higher sense of urgency to go hard, baby. Straight up. I just did my DEXA scan the other day. 210 or 211 lbs. Uh 7% body fat. Everything is on point at 48, baby. So listen, y'all could do this, too. Third set right here. We increase the weight each time. [Music] This is not a complicated workout. I like to stick to the basics and master the basics. You do the basics well, that's all you need. But the key ingredient is consistency. Doing it every day, day in day out. Hear that mantra? Yeah. All right, y'all. Comment below. Y'all feeling the format? Y'all want more? Let me know what y'all want to see next. And I got you. millionaire. I'm millionaire.