Kind: captions Language: en [Music] arm circles. You know what we about to do today, y'all. [Music] Show this. Show the day. Yo, this is a a call for all my brothers 40 years old and up. Get to the gym. This is for you. But it's for everybody really. But especially y'all 40 and up. Even if you close to 40, 50, listen. We got to get it in. All right. Anyway, these are arm circles to warm up those rotator cuffs. I start going forward and then I go backwards. So, I do anywhere from 15 to 20 each way. That'll get you nice and warmed up. Nice and ready. You don't want to go into these movements cold. That's how you can hurt yourself. Oh yeah. Got to stay hydrated with the hydroglyph, y'all. We're going to talk about that a little later. Real hydration. Real hydration. See, hydro hydroglyph do more than hydrate you. It also gives you amino acids and there's H&amp;M B. So, you're building muscle and you're not losing or wasting muscle if you're fasted like I am right here. Get you some hydroglift. And it tastes amazing. All right. So, I'm starting with standing barbell shoulder press, strict press. And when I say strict, that means I'm not bouncing at the knee. It's strict. So, it's all power. When you bounce at the knee, that's called a push press. So, you're getting kinetic energy to get the bar up. It's not necessarily all shoulder strength. There's a time and a place for that, but not right here. Not when we building these boulder shoulders, baby. So, with a with a strict press, you are not just training your shoulders, but you are also training your core to a high degree because it is your core that stabilizes you. and you have what's called stabilizer muscles, which is important because activating those is burning a lot of calories that you don't even think of. All right, so first set is 135 lbs. Nice and strict, baby. Now, as the weight get heavier, you'll see your form degrade to a degree, but when you can do it perfect. All right, so 135 is pretty light for me, so I'm going to do it perfect. And just because you're not getting a full lock out, which I want you to do, but even if you're not, don't think you're not getting nothing out of it. You still are. But it's better if you can lock it all the way out. [Music] So, next set, we go up to 185. I've been doing dumbbell presses lately. Today, this barbell hit hit different today. onions. Hey, real quick. Do y'all hear that? This is a mantra. It's subliminal. It's saying millions on millions and billions on billions. Let that sink in. [Music] Hydro lift. [Music] This is programming. All right, so next set is 205. 205 lbs. This is set number three. This feeling kind of heavy right here. I ain't going to lie. [Music] millions. Okay, I got four and it was like some partial reps in there. But listen, it's still getting work though. So, when you're getting when you go up and you see a set like that, don't use your ego. Use your brain and lighten the weight up so you can get more quality reps, which I'm sure I'm going to do right now. Shout out to T for the young B-roll. [Applause] That's my homie Tomas's wife and her crew. Shout out to Tomas. Just had a birthday. That's the owner of Live Alpha Gym. Holl at him. All right, so I dropped it back down to 185. And I got some good work here. 185 is difficult, but it's not too difficult to where I can't get proper reps. So that's what you want to do. You want to get proper reps. And you see a shoulder press is working everything. The traps, the rhom boys, the rear delts. Dang. See, see who working out? Me or them? What we doing here? I'm messing with you. [Music] Y'all letting this mantra sink in. Let it sink in, y'all. [Music] All right, I think I go down one more time. And this is 155. We just going to rip out. Oh, no. No. Still 185. Sorry about that, y'all. It's 185. [Music] [Applause] And now we're going to medial or side delt raises. And right here we're going for 25 reps, I believe. No less than 20 reps. This is science. If you do under 20 reps, it doesn't count. Nothing happens. No gains. [Music] You see, one thing I love about shoulders is each movement, it kind of works everything. You see, my traps are engaged, my delts are engaged, the whole nine. settle. [Music] Now, I'm going to give you a little hack. When you doing stuff like this and it burns, right? Tell yourself it don't burn. But don't just tell yourself. Even the look in your face got to be calm like it ain't nothing. You got to psych yourself out. Psych your body out. Psych your mind out. All right. The mind controls all. So when you scrunching in the face, giving that struggle face, it's going to be harder. So don't don't allow that. Y'all see me trying to make things look easy. It ain't easy. I'm telling you right now, it's not easy. But I con myself telling myself that it's easy. And when I do it, I do it as if it's easy. That way I could do more. You get more out of it. And I promise y'all this mindset works for everything in life. Let's talk about the gym for instance. I'm 48 years old. 48. Single digit body fat. All right. Still getting after it. Still full of energy. It's mindset, y'all. Don't look at things like, "Oh, this is difficult. This is hard." If it's difficult, cool. Run to it. Do it anyway. All right. Here we go. Shrugs. You can't see the waist here, but I started with 130s big boy weight only. If I see you with 40s doing shoulder shrubs, I'm going to push you. I'm going to push the weight out of your hands. I'm messing with you. Don't Don't sell yourself self cheap. Grab heavy weights and struggle. This is what we call grown man This is man right here. Grabbing onto something heavy. working that grip strength and shrugging it. It's how you get them big traps. So, this workout short and sweet, but very, very effective. Once again, I like to stick to the basics. There's no need to do fancymancy stuff. You're not going to see me on a TRX. All right? I'm doing the basics. Why? Because the basics work. Okay? There's nothing basic about doing the basics. This is about mastery. I hope y'all enjoy this video and the format. I appreciate y'all for showing love. Y'all be showing so much love. I love my squad, my people. Listen, do me a favor. Like the video, share it, leave a comment, show some love or or hate, whatever you want to do. But you know, we operate better with love. And hit the bell icon so you can see my alerts when I upload cuz I'm back uploading consistently. All right. All right, y'all. Peace. [Music]