Kind: captions Language: en Biss me a lot. What's good with my people out there, my squad, my crew? Today's a little bit different. Back and chest. Chest is the primary. And it's all supersets, baby. So, two groups of movements. It's all we need today, baby. Efficiency. The pump is going to be unreal. So, what you want to do is start out warming up. You see, I am very explosive with that empty bar. You want to do the empty bar like it's a lot of weight. [Music] Practice the way that you want to play. Practice don't make perfect. Perfect. Practice makes perfect. All right. And then you see here's a stretch right here. This is a pec stretch. Feels really good. Warm your body up properly before going into these lifts. Trust me. All right. So, from here, so I'm going to start out with bench press and pull-ups. And this movement right here is just a hang, which is stretching my lats, stretching my back. This is something I do every morning. And you want to do this. What this does is it stretches your spine to where the disc aren't so compressed and fluid can get in there. You know, you standing all day, you lifting weights, whatever you're doing, sitting all day, you're compressing your spine over time. And this is a a lower back stretch right there. You're compressing your spine, so you need to hang to give it some space. All right, so first set is 135 lbs. Shout out to Live Alpha, Jim, and Tomas for the hospitality. They always show us love. [Music] So, even though you see the weight is light, I'm being explosive because you're going to need that type of fast twitch for when that weight is heavy. So, don't don't do a lacadasical just because the weight's light. It's not the vibes. do it perfectly, especially when it's light. Here's the pull-ups. Come all the way down to a dead hang. And then we bang out 10 each rep right here. And also, y'all, this is called what I'm training is antagonistic muscle groups. So, the triceps is doing the work for the chest, biceps doing the work for the back. Set two. 225. Shout out to to for the live camera angles. Shorty in the back was Mad Jack. She's getting in. [Music] All right. So, once again, we go directly from your bench to your pull-ups. Now, listen. After your pull-ups, you get a short break. 45 to 60 seconds, but no longer than that because the primary movement is chest is your bench press. You are essentially taking a break right now from your chest. Your triceps is doing no work right now. It's chilling. All right. So, that's a break. So, you have enough time to go and put more weights on, rip your shirt off like the Hulk, and then get right back after it. All right. Now we go up to 315. You'll see I'm not going super heavy because my brakes are so short on this. And that's what you want. It's a different form of intensity. All right, listen y'all. There are multiple ways in which you can increase your intensity. One is heavier weight. Another is more reps. Another is shorter time in between your breaks. All right. You want to give all of those a shot. What we're doing here is shorter time for breaks. That's really good for muscle endurance. Is also good for the C word. Yall know what the C word is, right? Cardio. How wonderful is it to be able to get into a cardiovascular and fat burning phase while you're doing strength training? It's the best of both worlds. All right, so we keep it at 315 right here. I think we're going to do a few reps here. A few sets at 315. I'm sorry. And listen y'all, I'm going to tell yall like this. I'm a person that has benched five plates. Anything over 315 is heavy. 315 and up is heavy. They all It's all heavy to me and none of it's light. You know what I mean? Anything under is is is a is a cakewalk. But once I get to 315, I respect it all. I respect it even the lightweights, but I feel 315 and up. I don't know what it is about it. If it's 315 on the bar, if it's 45 on the bars, 465 on the bar, 500 on the bar, I feel all of that the same. It's weird. It's wild. [Music] Oh, we got a little change here. All right. I like this angle right here. Once again, we back still at 315. This is good density work. This builds dense, thick muscle fibers that do not go away easy. You see, a lot of times people will go up to a fairly heavy set and then they move on to the next movement. Nah, you go to that heavy set, you bang out, and then you go do it again, and then you do it again. And then guess what you do next? It again. All right. You got to lock that in. You got to build build that work capacity and that work ethic is going to build thick dense muscle fibers and it's burning a ton of calories. It just does so many things for you across the board. So, I'm going to tell y'all about All right. So, when you're doing super set like this, you're getting cardio in. But, I actually do cardio before my workout and it's easy. I just walk. I walk for about 4 and 1/2 miles every day. Shout out to the Ambrosia Collectives Hydroglyph. The best hydration, muscle retention, muscle building formula there is. I love it. This is what I drink and I'm sipping on during my workouts every workout. It keeps me hydrated and that's very important. So, next movements is incline dumbbell chest press. All right. And we're going to superset that with dumbbell deadlifts. Let me tell y'all something about dumbbell deadlifts. They look harmless, but they get when they get you, they got you because you're able to do rep after rep, right? And you feel it. And the work that you're the area the body the area of the body that you're training when you're doing these is your hamstrings, your lower back, your glutes, your rho. It hits the entire posterior chain. It does wonders, trust me. And you don't need a lot of weight for that. So with the dumbbell work, we do go up in small increments each set. [Music] But if y'all know me, those who know me know I do not like dumbbells for chest press. Couple reasons. Over the years, a lot of wear and tear on my shoulders. My boxing days, my shoulders be like, "Yo, the dumbbells are a little bit unstable sometimes." So you the wrong tweak, the wrong place. It's a it's a rzy. It's a wrap. And the risk-to-reward ratio is not super high in my opinion because you cannot load as much weight with dumbbells as you can on a barbell. So I want maximum load, right? Maximum trauma to the muscle. That mean maximum growth and repair. But I do respect dumbbells. So I throw it in the mix here and here and there. All right. So we going up. Next set. Bang out. bang out. And it's good to do things that you're not good at or that you don't like. And I don't like dumbbells, so that's why I'm doing them. I walk the walk. I practice what I preach, y'all. And yo, I get hit up nonstop about the tracksuits, about the sweatuits. Listen, this is like a terry cloth material. Is mad comfortable and mad breathable. It's fire, right? Uh it's comfortable. is fire. I got mad colors if you're interested. It's at my site with my apparel. It's called sacred7.io. I got to keep it whining with y'all. I don't make this to sell to a bunch of people. I make this for me. It's literally exactly what I want. You know, in Islam, we are prescribed to embrace modesty in our attire. And if y'all notice, I haven't been, y'all haven't been seeing me in a designer like I used to be. I don't want to. I'm good with this. Simplicity is everything, right? It's not about what's on you. It's about what's in you. So, anyway, I designed something that's very simple, very functional, and I like it. So, I really make this for me. But if y'all do want to rock with it, y'all want to get get y'all some, it's available. All right. And yeah, summertime. And yes, I wear it in the summer, but I don't wear it outside unless I'm just going out the car to in the in the building, but I like to wear them before my like during my workouts. And I wear it until I can't take it no more till it's too hot and I got a good sweat. That's just kind of what I like to do. And when I take it off the hoodie, it feels so good, the fresh air. So, it's kind of like a little cheat, little hack. But yeah, this is it. Short and sweet, very efficient. You just train. Oh, we got another set. You're training your chest and back together. Those complement each other to a great degree, to a high degree because they are antagonistic muscle groups. One super setting like this, you're not compromising anything. You're both being comp complimented. When you do chest and tries or back and buys, you're compromising something. Okay? So, try to switch it. And we up out of here. All right. All right y'all. Peace. Halas.