Kind: captions Language: en Allahbar. Alhamdulillah. Aliming I mean peace y'all. All right. So today you see what it is. Chess day. Nest day. Now listen. I am not as strong as I once was. I am currently on a mission to get back to five plates. However, it's seeming very difficult at the moment. Now, I'm going to tell you what I'm not going to do. I'm not going to quit trying. I took a couple years. I never stopped, but stopped trying to go super heavy coasting. And then my strength kind of came down to that. No excuses. I'm up in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And we going to get back to those numbers, inshallah. So, today I'm going to give you a little bit more than just a workout. I don't know if y'all notice, but I be in here jamming cuz my playlist be off the chains fire. I have the best playlist. I guarantee you, I don't care who you are, no one is messing with my playlist. I have to get up really early in the morning to make Faja prayer. But I'm up way before that. So what am I doing? Just doing all the creative cool things that I don't have time to do during the day. So I do it when everybody sleeps. So my playlist be fire. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to give y'all a few songs from today's playlist. All right? But you got to listen to the whole video cuz I'm going to sprinkle them in throughout the sets. All right. All right. Here we go. Like as you can see right here, I'm doing the bar. 45 lbs. Very important. It's important for you to do the bar like it's weight on it. All right? Don't do it half ass. Don't do it lacadasically. Practice don't make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect. So if you're over here practicing half ass on your big lifts, your big attempts, that's how you're going to uh execute. So you don't want to do that. So take it very serious. Try to push the bar through the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] roof. Excuse my language. All right. All right. So, next set is 135. Warming up through the movement. Okay. I don't do a whole lot of stretching. I do stretch though, as you can see. I do stretch my my lats and my chest when I'm doing chest day. But I really get warmed up and I really get my body activated during my sets, especially the light ones. So, I'm working through the set right here. Warming up. 135. You don't need to go crazy on there. No more than 10 10 to 12 reps. Now we're back at it with 225. Now listen, I know I said 10 to 12 reps for the 135, but really do as many as you feel you need to be warm, right? Sometimes you need more than other times to get warm, but what you don't want to do is get up under some heavy weight and you're cold. All right? So, make sure your body's properly warmed up, but it's a fine balance of not overdoing it to where you are fatigued by the time you get to your top set. As you can see, 225, I'm not going super crazy. Sometimes I only do three or four reps. Sometime I do seven, eight, nine. Feel your body out. Know your body, understand your body, and know what you need to get to each set. All right, next is 315. There All right. So, I just knocked out 315. It feels light. I'm moving the weight pretty easy. I I got to keep it 100. This gym feels the weight feel heavy. It feels heavier than normal. It's weird because usually you look at the the the old school metal plates and think those are heavier, but they're not. They're light to me. These [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weights feel heavy. I ain't going to lie. I ain't going to hold you. But this 315 felt like nothing. I cut through that like a hot blade through warm butter. So, moving on. All right. So, listen. I missed that one, but I'm going to run it back. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I missed it. As you can see, I had a false start. That false start took everything out of me. That was like a rep. So, it was silly to try to do it immediately after, but look, I go down swinging. So, anyway, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's run it right back. All right. Boom. Knocked it out like a boss do. Listen, just because you miss a weight doesn't mean that you can't hit it. Sometime your positioning might not be right. But also, people got to understand this. When you're lifting heavy weight, and that's relative to your strength. Every little thing matters. Every little thing counts, right? So, for instance, if I'm on the bench and I'm going heavy, if somebody walked by like walk through my line of sight, it throws me completely off, right? It it's so many different variables. So, you want to make sure you're set up properly cuz it's no joke at that point. Listen, the bench press is very important. It's very dangerous, right? So, you have to really lock in mentally and lock in physically. All right? It all has to be synced in together. All right? So, anyway, that 405, easy money, baby. What we talking about? Hold on. And I told you I was going to start sharing some stuff with y'all. Right. So, let me let me get into some of the uh the playlist today. So, we have Boswell Bombastic. Now, this is my Boswell. That's Westside Gun. That is my favorite type of music, period. Old school is new, but it's got that old school New York boom bunch you in the face, push you through a wall, kick you through a wall, slap fire out your crack your clavicle, that kind of music, right? I love it. I love it. Look, I can separate music from reality. Music for me is purely entertainment. Just like watching John Wick or The Exorcist. Uh me and wifey watched Exorcist the other night. It was fire. I like aggressive, scary, violent type of entertainment. I don't live my life like that, of course, but I like watching it. Right. So, Boswell, hands down, that's one of my bangers right there. I also had uh Cory Guns and Graph. Cory Guns and Graph are two of the most underrated MC's there is. All right, that song was called Bad. I also had my brother Royce the 59. Graph was on the song, too. I play forever. This song is not even new, but anybody know Royce the 59 is one of the dopest rappers there is. No disrespect to Eminem, but I think he's better than Eminem. Eminem just get them looks cuz you know he got the complexion for the connection and I ain't mad at it because if I had it I use it too but anyway they like neck and neck to me but Royce is so fire. All right. Uh then I have Mob Deep Quiet Storm Fire with Lil Kim Nipy Hustle Victory Lap Goes Hard. All right let's move on. I'll give y'all some more after the next set. Try Jesus. Please don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me cuz I put belt to ass. &gt;&gt; All right. See, I just knocked out 365. It felt easy. You see how easy it moved. Um, so you know the 45 was easy. I probably could have went a little heavier, but it is what it is. I have a program, a strength block that I am doing. And this is the first time I've done a flat bench in some time cuz I'm only doing incline. Incline. When y'all see me doing incline a lot, that mean I'm working on something. I'm working on increasing my strength. Incline bench press trumps the flat bench as far as strength building because you are recruiting way more muscle fibers because you have less leverage. Right? When you're laying flat, you got a gang of leverage. Just just like I'm sure if y'all do ever done decline bench, you super strong. It's just you pushing down. Flat, you're strong, but you know, you got a lot of uh leverage, right? But when you're doing the incline, you feel less strong. So, you can't usually do as heavy weight. When y'all see people doing heavy ass weight on incline, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] strong. All right? They about that work. They about that life. So, anyway, so today was just flat, but 365, easy peasy. But let me give yall some more songs. All right. Then we had You Don't Know by Jay-Z. Fire, Dreams and Nightmares by Meek Mill. Look, Meek, that song, Dreams and Nightmares, my fiance and I, we have a wedding playlist, right? That's in mine. I'm talking about for the reception at the wedding. We going to be jamming to Dreams and Nightmares, right? I don't care what you think about Meek Mill. That is a classic song. That song is going to be classic in 50 years from now. Meek make money off of that and tour with that forever. If you know, you know. That's motivation for that ass. Then right after that was Rough Riders Anthem DMX. Y'all can't tell me these playlists ain't fire. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is incredible. Right. Next was You Ugly by Jid and Westside Gun. I don't know if it's Jid or J, but the dude is phenomenal. He's one of my favorite rappers out right now. All right. And then another song of his, Glory Fire. And I'll give yall more on the next set. All right. Right here we got 315. It's moving easy. like this weight is moving easy, but my body is very fatigued while I'm doing it. So, that's what you want. This is where all the real work come in is when is the working sets is the sets after you do your top set. When you do your top set, whatever your heaviest set is for that particular day don't go down a lot. You barely come down. That's why I went from 405 to 365. I didn't do 405 then 315. No, no, no. 405, 365, 315. All right. You lock it in like that. All right. Let me give you some more some more some more uh some more heat. I ain't going to give you everything. All right. Then we went back to uh DMX X going to give it to you. We went to to to Wuang Triumph. We had Lemon Pepper Steppers from Freddy Gibbs. We had Insilada. Freddy Gibbs. We also had Skinny Sugar and Skinny Sug. Freddy Gibbs. Freddy Gibbs. Another one of my favorite. Look, I don't have a favorite rapper. No, it's I love rap music too much. It's artists that I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I just rock with so heavy I can't say just this one. No, no, no, no. Rap music is so fire, y'all. Like, think about how rap music started, right? Poor kids, inner city, black and Latino. Parents couldn't afford no instruments, put them through music class or whatever. So, what did they do? Took their parents' records and improvised. Took little parts of the record and play over and over. Play it over and over. Mix it with this part, this part, this part. And then somebody started talking over it. Bump it up. Bump whatever. Just just hype [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right, for the crowd to have them dancing. That's how rap started. Remember this y'all. Certain scriptures, certain parables, certain words from ancient time resonate so heavy. And one of them is the meek shall inherit the earth. Right? Hip-hop came out of poor people's. It came out of a place of not having. So we make it happen. Right? People typically who don't have, you think they down and out. That's where the brilliance comes, right? They figure it out. And when you figure it out versus doing what everybody else is doing, it's more special. So anyway, if you don't have or if you are not in the position everybody else is in, if you operating from a deficit, that's an advantage. Remember that y'all, that is an advantage because look, let's say so and so, person A is right here. Starts right here, right? And person B starts right here at a deficit. If person B gets on the same level as person A, he's a million times stronger than person A, because person A never had to struggle through nothing to get to to his position. This dude had to go through a lot, figure out a lot. He has a lot of context, a lot of lot of wisdom, a lot of grit to get here. He ain't going to stop. He going to keep going. All right? So remember that y'all. Just because you may not be in the position don't mean that you won't be the position. All right? Word of the Y sufficient. Let's go. All right. So, look, I got to respond to some of the comments that's been being made about Atlas, about our our creatine. It's not even creatine. It's performance creatine, right? Listen, some people was in the comments talking about cap creatine is creatine. You don't need creature cuz we use Create Pure. Let me explain something. I'm going to give y'all some real deal uh information right now. Real wisdom. Creatine is not just creatine. Now, creatine essentially is but what you're buying. We use Creapure in our creatine which is called Atlas. There's a reason for that. Creapure is the highest quality that you could buy. 99.9999% purity. Okay. The other stuff, the creatine that you buy, the regular creatine is 80 at best. Now, that 20% may not seem like a lot, but it is because there's fillers in that. Those fillers are not just rice powder, right? Those fillers are actually really bad for you, especially if you take a lot of creatine, which you should take a lot of creatine. All right, I'm going to explain why that 20% of fillers is really bad, right? Is heavy metals, DHT, lead, arsenic. I mean, these heavy metals over time will cause cancer. That's worst case scenario. Let's say best case scenario, if you're consistently taking normal creatine, you're probably bloated, right? You retaining water and you don't know why. You think that's part of it, but no, not with something like Atlas. You're retaining water because your body cannot absorb that. It's not liquefying that properly and absorbing it. So once it's in your system, your body's pulling water, right? And you're holding it and you're looking bloated. Where Atlas, you're saturating your cells like you need to be because it has acetic acid. Acetic acid makes the bioavailability like unreal. Athletes have been taking apple cider vinegar forever because it helps with the nutrient absorption of the Crea Pure, but also it helps you recover like none other. Here's the difference. So say like I'm I'm I'm hitting my set, right? and I'm at failure and I can squeeze out one and a half. If your cells are saturated with creatine, pure creatine like ours, like Atlas, you're going to hit five or six or seven, right? Your threshold is a little bit deeper. That mean you could build more muscle, you cut more fat, you get stronger. It's just a huge benefit. And the mental benefits, the actual documented psychological, neurological benefits of creatine is crazy. If you're I think one study said it said a person that is sleepdeprived but their brain cells are saturated with creatine they have way more cognitive functioning and abilities than somebody who's well rested without the creatine. So imagine how it reacts in response to your body if you are well rested, right? It's crazy. Creatine is it's like a super drug but it's not a drug, right? So that's something that y'all really should check out. We don't have regular creatine. We have Atlas Performance creatine. Look, and I got to shout out to my brother Sean, my my business partner. We have the best of the best. Like, hands down, there is no run it. Who's putting out creatine on this level? Who's doing performance creatine? Who's mixing acetic acid with their creatine? Nobody. And we're not even using creatine. We're using Crea Pure, the best stuff you can get. The reason why other companies don't do that because it's very expensive and it lowers your profit margins. We're not doing it for that. Our reward, I can't speak for everybody, but my reward comes from Allah, comes from God, not from money and not from people in this world. So my my thing is I'mma do the best or be a part of the best thing that we could do for other people. And if we're in a business, we are entrepreneurs. We do love fitness. We take products. So I rather take products that I make for myself or that we make for ourselves, right? Because I trust it 100% hands down. Anyway, links down there in the bio. Get you some Atlas it. Just read about it. This is what I want you to do. Put it in your chat GBT, your claw, whatever you use. What's the difference between creatine and Crea Pure? And look up the difference between Crea Pure with acetic acid and just creatine out my face. What y'all talking about, man? We got y'all backs. Let's go. Link down below. All right. So, next we're going to move over to, you know, live alpha. Shout out to Tomas and giving us showing us so much love and hospitality at his dope ass facility. But Live Alpha got some unique equipment. This one in particular is an incline press. It's like a hammer strength where you load the plates on there, but it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] heavy. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] heavy, right? It's very humbling. It's like, you know, you strong. I love it when you know you get humble by the way. But anyway, I put three plates on. I did all that I can do and that's what matters. Oh, don't know why. Don't know why. Oh, don't know. &gt;&gt; So, when you're doing your secondary movement, right, secondary is anything after your main. Your main is your priority. If it's chest, it's going to be the bench press. So, everything else is secondary. So, I'm just doing reps, sets, until I feel like I've done enough for that particular muscle group at that station, and then I move on. All right. So, I did uh three sets right here, 10 reps, I think 11, I don't know. Uh first set, and then you see the strength declined each set after, but it's all good. That's to be expected. Don't know why. Don't know nobody. Don't know why. &gt;&gt; All right, last but not least, we're going to finish it out with flies. Right. Flies don't look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't think they make you stronger, but flies really shapes your chest in a profound way. I get a crazy pump when I do flies. That's why I keep doing them, right? Listen, you'll be surprised the things that get you a pump. The things that work. Now, maybe you do flies and you won't feel anything. Right? When I do cable flies, I feel nada nothing. Just like if I do dumbbell flies, I feel nothing. I feel only a small window, a tiny window in which I'm getting some kind of muscle stimulus. When I'm doing the pec deck flies, I feel it a lot. Right? So, find what works for you. Everybody's body mechanics are different. So, you are a scientist and this is what you're studying is your body. So, figure it out yourself. I give you the guidance. I'm not telling you this is the only way. I'm showing you what worked for me. Some of y'all might be statured like myself. And listen, if you seen me years ago, you see I was very skinny, very thin, right? I always had a thin frame. I'm not a big husky person. I am because I train hard and I get my grub on. You see me next to like some bodybuilders, you be like, "Oh, I thought you was a lot bigger." You know what I'm saying? But some people see me but in context alone and they like, "Yo, you're huge." But when you see me next to some guys, you see, I ain't the biggest dude, but I got a big heart, big brain. All right. So anyway, so pec deck flies fire. I get a lot out of that. Try it. But if not, do some kind of fly movement. All right. I like it cuz it's stable, too. So anyway, we do three sets of here and then that's it. Collapse. Oh ah. Oh, Oh. All right, y'all. So that's it. Listen, I have a new YouTube channel. A new YouTube channel that is down below. Please go and check it out. Look, this channel, I'm going to keep it just fitness cuz some of y'all don't like the wisdom. Y don't like the perspective, the life stuff or any spirituality talk, right? So the other channel is for that kind of smoke. All right. Right down there in the bio, the link is the first or second link. I think Ambrosia is first and then that link is second. So anyway, go in there, check it out. And I hope y'all like it. And I hope y'all got a lot out of this. Let me know what you want to see next down in the comments. And I'll see y'all later. All right. Peace.