Kind: captions Language: en There's two things that we really got to cover today. The first is what we're going to do about Big Bear. And for anyone who's not aware, there just is zero snow at Big Bear. And uh we delayed the shoot already once, the winter shoot. Now we're going to have to delay it again. So it's like, do we want to just tell the lady, "Hey, we're going to hit you back when it does snow, or do we want to just get this done without snow?" One thing we can do, we could do a bonfire here as long as it's cool and styled well. Like for example, the pictures we took on Friday. We took those pictures with next to no preparation and just like got some nice shots and we're able to make the website look cool all over again. All right, real quick about that shoot we did the other day. I asked the mirror, I said, "Any other pictures?" He said, "What I picked was the only thing that I thought was usable." So it it furthers my theory that this looks stupid holding product. [Music] What are we hitting? Chess, Dave. It's very difficult to get strong on bench. It creates such an impressive physique. You cover so much when you're training your chest, your shoulders, your triceps, and you don't realize, but your lats, too. But I know that when I'm getting into it in my chest workouts, my lats get a pump when you putting your plate on. I got I got to say these things. This all of this facing in. All right. If I see you with it facing out, I'm going to be disappointed. You face it in because you want to grab it like that. All right. The thing is, someone has to teach you these things. I'm your guy. When you pushing up, imagine you pushing it through the roof. All right? Cuz you don't need that kind of intensity when it gets heavy. Fellas, if you're not benching 225 yet, work on it. You want to be able to bench 225. It's a benchmark that every man should be able to hit. So, ladies, if your boyfriend is 225, he's pressing him like it's nothing. Easy money. That's strong. Can your boyfriend do that? This is where you've crossed the line of serious and you've gone to the next level of you're really doing something. I think I think it's safe to say of all the serious lifters, probably 1% of them get to 315. That's a milestone a lot of people will never ever achieve. Handle it. Yep. Come on up. Good. Now, I know what y'all probably thinking. What's the use out of one rep? Let's say he had 185 on here. He can do that 15 times. you would get way more out of doing one rep at 275 because it's a max effort attempt. Chest press works your entire chest. There's no way to isolate. What do you think about that? What most people agree to now is that it still it still holds true that you can't isolate it, but that doesn't mean you can't target it. Like, so you're you're recruiting more muscle fibers and more like front delt with incline. So that's going to create the upper chest look. You're going to hit more of that part of the pec when you do incline, but you're still going to get the rest of the the chest as well. There's something that happens in the middle of the set where you start getting tired and you're just not comfortable anymore. It's not easy anymore. You start to feel the weight and your your instinct is going to be to stop. Just like if you're running, there's a point in time when you start running where it's probably easy enough to just stop running. But you got to get past that one and then there's way more on the other side. Once you get past the first little, no, I'm not stopping right now. I'm gonna keep going. I'm gonna see how far I can go. That's when you can really see what you're capable of. It gives you so much confidence because you're making yourself competent at what it ain't just this, this is everything. But this is practice and you your life will reflect it. I'm telling you. We're going to our closest GNC in Costa Mesa to see if they have it. If they do, we're going to reward the whoever's there is going to get a free bag on us so they could try it because we know that the most important thing with Planta is that you try it because you wouldn't believe that a plant protein could taste like this or be this effective. But we've handled both. Oh, Dan, look. We're already almost sold out. Almost sold out, baby. So, they got banana maple French toast and chocolate caramel candy bar. And then uh strawberry ice cream is not here yet, but it's coming soon. The people know what they want. It got good taste. My name is Sean and this is my partner Mike. How you doing? We're the founders of the Ambrosia Collective. We want to bring you a protein of our so you could have a bag for yourself to try, but we're we're new to the store. So, uh we want to make sure you have a chance to actually try it for yourself. So, we brought that for you. We like to come and support our retailers, our retail partners. Okay. We want you to try it so you know that it is the best when you, you know, if somebody come asking for it, you can give an honest breakdown. So, we have 14 flavors total. You guys have the candy bar and the banana maple, but you're also getting the strawberry ice cream that's coming soon, too. But uh we want to be on your mind when people come in looking for for uh plant protein, but really just any protein. Sure. Ghost version tastes pretty decent since they they put work into their flavors. Copy though. Yeah, they they actually have one of their one of their flavors, their their vegan flavor. I don't remember which one it was, but it was like pretty much a knockoff of that cuz that that right there is probably like one of the top selling plant protein flavors in the whole country.