Kind: captions Language: en [music] &gt;&gt; I waited to take this. All right, I used to take these first thing in the morning when I get up. It's Nectar. And it's always a big debate on when to take when's the best time to take creatine, right? I take mine in the morning. I'm going to tell you why. I think what's ideal is taking it right after you work out. But the most important thing is taking it consistently. And and creatine is something that you should be taking even when you're not working out because of the psychological or the neuroprotective properties of it and how it also helps cognition to a pretty high degree. I do it in the morning because you know, I can't forget. Just do it in the morning. Just get it out the way. It has no flavor, so you can mix it with anything. This is the highest level of creatine. You got regular creatine, then you have Creapure, then you have what's called pure creatine, and that's what this is. When y'all be getting bloated from creatine and feeling all puffy, it's because that basic creatine don't really break down properly. So, what happens is you're drinking it and then your body is ab- uh pulling water to try to break it down and it's not. That's why people look fat. This don't happen with Atlas because of the citric acid. You just go harder and longer on your workouts. You know, you recover way faster. You're stronger, the pumps is crazier. It is what it is. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; I wish you'd go back to the fade. Nah, bro. It just looks so much cleaner on you, bro. &gt;&gt; but it just &gt;&gt; get the bald fade with the little bit uh hair on top where it's a little bit darker. &gt;&gt; You know why I don't like it? Because I got to I got to grow past my light spot. If I go a day too long without a cut, then that's how I look looking like a hostage. To me, it's like it's not showing off nothing. It's just real simple, like no one's going to see your hair and be like, "Who cut your hair, Mike?" like &gt;&gt; Oh, Chris. You know what I mean? So, you want me to advertise? I want you to know. Cuz that's the style. I can't even post your haircut cuz it's like, "What you do?" Like Bald. &gt;&gt; You made him bald. That's wow. We got to have a uh slogan for this summer like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a shirt. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a shirt season. I don't want to wear a shirt at all this summer. I'm going to annoy people. With not with with no shirt, grocery store, whatever. Yeah, I'm getting all these tattoos. I want to show them off. So, what do you recommend I take it before or after? Uh first of All right. Now, this is the real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] After is ideal, right? A workout, but what's more important is it that you do it consistently. Right. So, for me it's easier for me to do it first thing I get up. Okay. That's more important than the time of day. It takes about about a week or so to get your your body saturated enough for it to start taking effect, and then you just keep maintaining it after that. And so &gt;&gt; you take it on the days you're not working out also? Or okay. So, every day regardless. Okay. &gt;&gt; Because creatine people don't realize Well, now they know cuz of the research it's good for your brain. Right. You know what I'm saying? So, that's why you need to take it every day. What Trevor said earlier about um him liking food and him getting fat, I have a problem with that, too, cuz I love food, but I go to the gym and stuff and and so I've That's why I look the way I am. I know what it is. This is my opinion, but I think this is this is it. Let me ask you, have you ever had six-pack? Nah, never. Okay. If you never had it, sometimes it's not a sense of urgency to get it back, right? But I remember me I used to never have abs, right? But I had chest, shoulders, strong until shoutout to my boy Chris Albert. This is like 2010. He put me on a a diet. It was a lean diet. And like a week I had abs. Bro, lost my I'm like, "Yo, I got to keep this." So, now if I ever fall off a little bit, it's never a lot. I know how to get right back and I want to get right back because I love how I look, how I feel. So, if you never had it, you don't really have a sense of urgency to get it back. Is the creatine kicking in yet? There's no way to tell. You don't feel it, really. But you know when you're training because creatine is not something that you feel like a pre-workout, right? But you feel it in your training because you're able to get where where you'd normally be like kind of like, "Oh, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hurt." You can keep pushing. So, you get more gains out of being on creatine. So, I take it so consistently my my my cells are saturated. So, I always I get ferocious pumps. And I can keep training with the pump. You know what I'm saying? Today we're going to do arms. We're going to knock out arms, right? Look, summer's right around the corner. So, you got to have them beach muscles popping. This is how you do this properly. You stand You get kind of close to her, right? To be straight up. Because and then you get You come to about right here and then you just do this. That's it, right? That's all tricep. This is a simple exercise. So, this is one of them exercises you should do perfect, right? And people don't realize this, but if you're on this perfectly like straight up, boom, not leaning, straight up, and you got it locked right here, you're training your abs like crazy. &gt;&gt; [music] [screaming] &gt;&gt; For uh the people that, you know, these they might going to comment, "You're swinging the dumbbells. That's not a set." Just look at it. This is a controlled set. You see that? Look at that. It's total control. Let's say I'm grabbing something heavy and I'm swinging it. So what? This is me. It's my set. What I lift ain't going to make you buff, all right? And vice versa. Shoutout to Flex Lewis, my homie. Flex Lewis, anybody know he was like a 212 bodybuilding champion for many years. One of the best in the world. One of the exercises he show he taught me was like a it was a lateral del raise, but a cheat raise. So, you grab something real heavy and you're barely doing this. Right? Shoulders, delts, traps is on fire. Who's going to tell him he don't know what he's talking about? Now, if I go heavy, there's going to be some swinging, 100%. I'm going to utilize some momentum. It helps me get through the movement, but I'm still getting work. I listen to your advice when you're bigger than me, when you're stronger than me, when you pushing than me, all right? Until then, I'm leaning when I'm doing these, right? There's a reason for that. I've been ha- I had hurt my shoulder. I didn't I ain't tell nobody. I hurt my shoulder bad. I'm on 45. Felt light. Ah, but I got stuck. And I kept pushing. Rack [music] it. Didn't hit it. Then my ego was like, "You got that. Go do that shit." So, I went back and did it again. I didn't even rest that long. Aggressive. And I'm right here pushing too long. And in that moment, I felt something kind of like tweak. So, I shut it down. And then my shoulder was just jacked. I couldn't do this. It Two days I was like I couldn't really take my shirt off. Fiancée had to take pull my shirt off for me. It sucked. But all praises due to Allah. It feels way better now. However, everything I'm doing, I'm finding where it don't hurt and where it do hurt and avoiding what hurts so I can keep training. Just the thing with me. If I hurt myself, people would never really know cuz I don't stop, right? So, with the curls I noticed if I'm standing right here doing curls, I kind of feel it. So, I got to lean forward a little bit and then I don't feel it. Quick arm pump. Nothing too crazy there. I haven't trained in 2 weeks. Don't tell nobody. Just letting my shoulder recover. I don't know if y'all could tell, but there's certain movements I'm trying to manipulate my body in ways to where I'm not hurting or aggravating my shoulder. I didn't want to quit, you know? So, but you got to listen to yourself. You got to listen to your body. And once I started feeling a little tweak, I'm like, "All right, that's enough. That's enough for today." I'd rather go 40% than 0%. If you keep going and hurt yourself and can't do anything, you ain't doing nothing, right? Longer recovery. So, I'd rather do a little bit some some moderate and keep doing it every day until I can get back to 100 than not do anything at all. So, All right, it's time to go eat. So, this is my first meal of the day. I haven't eaten yet today. Um my last meal was like at like 8:00 p.m. last night. So, I am [clears throat] at the point now where it's like I'm like 18 hours fasted now. So, and I don't I'm not like and I know we're neither of us are not ultra specific about like a cutoff of time or whatever, but usually this is pretty much what happens. Like I I set around 2:00 today cuz that's usually when I end up eating. I try and do the most meetings before 2:00 and and like admin type of work so I don't have to stop. Now where we've come out to eat. This isn't something that I think people deal with a lot is like having to make it match with your goals for your body composition and weight loss with your desire to live a a normal social life where you may need to go out to eat. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um and so we're both going to like evaluate this menu. And sometimes look, maybe you want to have fun and just eat something that's not really on plan, but I think both me and Mike are pretty dialed in right now with our with our food. So, we'll both share with you like how we approach this menu and what we order to try and hit our goals. &gt;&gt; This is what I'm going to tell y'all to do. Go out with your friends still. As they order all this delicious food, pull your pack of tuna out your pocket and that's what you have, okay? So, you can still eat at the restaurant, but you you staying on target. You staying on I'm kidding. Don't do that. That's weird. You don't have to order the actual things on the menu. You can say, "Hey, let me get uh the chicken patty. Let me Let me get a beef patty with XYZ." You always can customize whatever it is you want you want wherever you go. So, just because you're at a restaurant and it may not look like the cleanest options on the menu, you can still mix and match. They do that. They do that. There's very few restaurants these days who aren't in the mindset of providing excellent customer service. &gt;&gt; just McDonald's or something like that. &gt;&gt; Well, no. I mean, even like some of them are like the super high-end places. They're like, "We We politely decline all modifications." But they're But they'll have things that You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Usually the cross-section of places like that is either you you wouldn't be here unless you wanted whatever they had or they have healthy stuff in general. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; High-quality stuff. &gt;&gt; Yes. The first thing I look at when I'm trying to pick a menu item when I'm eating out is is protein the first ingredient. Not always do they go in order of abundance of the ingredient, but usually they do. If it's a protein-forward dish, usually the protein is going to be listed first. So, like right now I have my eye on this Captain's Ahi Wrap. The first ingredient in it is ahi tuna. The second ingredient is red onion. So, it's like going into vegetables afterwards. So, it's going to be pretty lean most likely. And there's nothing that indicates a heavy sauce or oil or whatever. There's an aioli on it and that's the trick here. Whenever something has sauce on it, you can always like Mike said, you can ask for it on the side. You don't have to have it mixed into it. That way you could control how much of it you want or if you even wanted at all. This is typically early for me to eat. Like right now is 2:22. Uh I would typically eat around 6:00, but it's all good. Look, I'm not into Like he said, we're not super strict on the actual number amount of amount of hours in the the eating window, yada yada yada. I'm of the mindset, everybody's different, but I adopt calories in, calories out. Look, I just like eating at the end of my day cuz I get a little itis after I eat and I want to kick my feet up, right? And I think it's a good reason for that. I think there's a a natural physiological reason for that, right? Like our bodies need to be sitting still to kind of process all of the nutrients properly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It makes sense. Yeah, so so that's why you don't feel energized after you eat. You want to like your body slows down so you can digest it properly. It's not ideal to grub and then work out. I know y'all think that, but that's not. So, anyway, we both train fasted. We do everything mostly fasted for most of the day. I'm just eyeballing everything. I rarely eat out. So, uh and I'm a super basic eater. I'm super simple. I eat the same thing every day. Cuz I was looking at the protein power bowl. But I don't know about the the soba noodles. I'm not really looking at that. I don't even know what that is. &gt;&gt; I think a good thing for people to do is definitely when you eat out, pretty much whatever you eat, you can count on it having some extra calories just due to the eating out effect. Like Mike said, they they want it to be delicious. So, they're going to put that little bit of extra oil on it, that little bit of extra sauce or butter or whatever it is. You know what one of my number one tips is for people who are eating out is right when you get there and they ask if you want water. Of course, the answer is yes. Get some water. You can get a glass of water and drink that before your your meal even comes. Like What that just did, even just that 8 10 oz of water, it starts setting the stage for fullness to kick in versus if I'm starving. Like like I'm actually pretty hungry. If I just wait, my insulin levels and blood sugar levels are pretty low. What's going to happen is I'm going to start eating that food. There's going to be a rush of insulin as my blood sugar goes up. I'm just going to want more. &gt;&gt; But what really happened is you just got drunk cuz you drank that pretty fast. &gt;&gt; That's right. So, we're going to cut this guy off. We'll let this one slide. &gt;&gt; it's water to y'all just cuz that's convenient, but this is really just my alcoholism to to deal with. Little inventory check on everyone's meal. So, this is that ahi wrap. You can see as we thought it's pretty lean. It's It's ahi in there um with veggies mostly. I got the sauce on the side. So, this is probably like 200 calories that I'm just going to be able to avoid or minimize by having it on the side. So, like we mentioned, that's a cheat code. Got my side of steak for that extra protein. Mike did well as well cuz he's probably not He probably won't eat all those noodles if I'm &gt;&gt; eating none of them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you can control that. And he had a big piece of salmon on there and some avocado. &gt;&gt; And I'm going to get some more some steak and eat the rest of the avocado with it. All right. Now, Lucas, let's uh let's show them the the evidence. So, Lucas did pick an item where protein was first, but the preparation of the protein does matter as well. I'm giving him half credit. It I mean, it looks great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I'm sure everything on this menu would look great. I'm giving you half credit cuz you picked a protein. However, you did happen to pick one that is breaded and deep fried. So, um I can't give you full credit, but at least we know you're going to get your protein intake right with this meal. If you're trying to lose body fat, the first thing you need to do is take your lean body mass. So so the amount of lean muscle mass and bone density that you have and times that by 0.8. You can even just take your body weight and times it by 0.8 if you want to make it easy for yourself. So, if you weigh 200 lb, that's 160 g of protein. That's what you need to be consuming as a baseline if you want to set yourself up for success to stick to your diet, maintain your muscle mass, and get into a calorie deficit. Because if you try and undereat protein, you're going to either lose muscle or not be able to be consistent with your diet. You're going to fall off and you're going to end up cheating on the diet. Let's say some people not are not big eaters. Don't like a lot of meat. That's why I made Plantain. Stop looking at it as a supplement. It's actually a food. It's a lean, clean source of actual protein without all the extra calories, fat, whatever. It's such an easy way to drink something that tastes really good that's going to help satiate you, but also give you a quick 20-22 g of protein. For me, I wouldn't be able to get the 200 g of protein that I try and get a day. I wouldn't be able to do it without Plantain. It'd be too much meat that I wouldn't want to have to worry about prepping and consuming. &gt;&gt; No, that's how I am. That's how I am. Usually I would be at home eating right now with a shake. So, eat for your protein goals, but no matter what those goals are, Plantain's a way of doing that more effectively, actually more cost-effectively because meat is not that cheap and it takes time to prepare it and store it and it has a shelf life. And it also serves this like final benefit of being delicious. It can satiate cravings. &gt;&gt; Right. You know, you could you could make things with it. You could just make a smoothie with it. Just drink it in water. Either way, it's going to be delicious. It's going to help you stay on track. &gt;&gt; All I got is my reputation, my word, right? I I can't be walking around saying this is the best this is the best if it could be debunked that it's not. Who's debunking me? We do provide the best product out there. And if we're not the best, show me who's better. And we'll level up. Giving you the workouts, the products. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shirt season. There's no excuses. You see me get busy today with an injury. Let's go.