Kind: captions Language: en [Music] You know, we start every workout with some hydroglyph, the world's best hydration by the Ambrosia Collective. Of course. [Music] All right. So, today is back day, but we doing back and abs. This is going to be the best back workout you will ever do. It's 100 pull-ups. That's it. Stick to the basics. We don't stick to the basics. We master the basics. All right. So, here we go. How many y'all think I'm getting on this first clip? [Music] I'll tell you what I I do do. What I do right here, I could do double in one clip, but I'm trying to get 100, so I pace myself. So, I did 15 right here. And this y'all, we going to take short breaks as short as possible. Okay, number two. How many y'all think I get on this one? Comment down below. Now, as you can see, this is a real pull-up. What's called a strict pull-up. That mean I'm getting down to a dead hang and pulling myself all the way back up. And I'm going to do that as long as I can. And I think I do it till the end. I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure. If y'all don't know about me, I am a pull-up beast. I do this. I've been doing pull-ups all my life. Pull-ups is a true measure of strength. And I ain't going to lie, this hydro lift be getting me through these workouts. Set three. Let's go. Every man and woman should be able to pull their own body weight. If you can't do 10 pull-ups, I want you to work at it. And how you do it is just keep doing it. Let's say you can only get one. You do one and you do that every day until that one becomes fairly easy and you try to squeeze out two or three, right? And you just keep progressing like that. But you could do pull-ups every day. Pull-ups will give you a wide back, wide lats, like that cobra uh shape. And see, pull-ups, you having wide lats will make your waist look even smaller. It's an illusion. [Music] Oh yeah, beats by me. You know how we do it, baby. All right, we still at it. Still going. Let's get it. You see, I'm still getting that dead hang. Listen, maybe you can't get the dead hang. It's okay. Don't That doesn't mean don't do the pull-ups. You still getting work. You're still getting money. Don't ever let nobody tell you that what you doing ain't a pull-up just because you ain't hanging all the way at the bottom. Just let them know, yo, bro. What I live for, what you live ain't going to make me buff. Leave me alone. Out my face. What you eat don't make me. [Music] I notice a lot of people have poor grip strength as well. And typically when they're training back, you're using the the wraps, right, to wrap around the bar, which is cool, but I'm big on being strong. Grip strength, everything. Because grip strength is a very functional type of strength that you may need to have at some point. You may need to grab somebody and let them feel that manpower. And if you got weak grip strength, you know, these are all little intangibles that people don't think about. [Music] So, fun fact, the day I did this workout, it's a few days ago. Oh, shout out to Ivy. That's my baby girl right there. That's my daughter. She likes to go by master Ivy. But all right, we did 100 pull-ups this day. 3 days later, I did it again. And once again, I'd like to shout out to Tomas and Live Alpha for always showing us hospitality. The gym is really dope. If you're ever in Southern California, you need to come to OC. Come be by this beautiful weather, this beautiful water, and come get it in at live alpha. Look, I'm in there. Joey swole over there in the corner. You never know who you going to run into. We just be here on a low. It's one of OC's bestkept secret. live alpha. All right, so I finished that one. I had to do I was trying to get 10 in the clip each each go round. Yo, I ain't going to lie, y'all. When I be close to the end of my hydroglyph, I be kind of sad cuz it it just you feel like you're done, but it just energizes you and is refreshing and it tastes so good and you don't feel full, you know. We still at it. Yo, I'm curious though. I want y'all to comment below. What's your personal best as far as in one set of how many pull-ups you've done? And listen, if you haven't challenged yourself like that, you should. Okay, I did I think I did a little bit more than 100. The last set I always finish really strong. That was 100 pull-ups in 5 minutes, 6 minutes. All right, now we're going to abs. So, any of y'all that follow or do Alpha Shred, you know that I put dirty 30s at the end of each workout. So, here's just a couple. I didn't want this video to be super long. So, these are a couple of the movements out of the dirty 30s. These are ab exercises. All right. So, what dirty 30s is is this. It's a bunch of ab exercises in which you do 30 reps each and you just keep going down the list. That's at Alpha Shred. If y'all are interested in some legit training, go to sacredocciety.life/join. You get so much in it. And Alpha Shred is something that you will get in in it as well. And you know, we got a new drop, the god body, the sweats, sweatuits. It's at sacred7.io. That's sacred7.io. All the links is down in the description. and right here. All right. So, first we did leg raises. With leg raises, you keep your, you know, your butt on the floor, your back is slightly arched up. You bring your feet all the way down closer to the floor, but don't touch. And then you bring them back up and bring it down slow. Now, this right here is called walking up on a plank. Very challenging. What you don't want to do is is to scoot your butt in the air. Keep it flat like a plank. Like you see me right here. Core is engaged. And you're actually getting some shoulder and tricep work while you're doing it. But that right there is rough on that core. Abs are still [Music] Now Ivy's helping me with this one. These are old school classic situps, baby. Can't go wrong with sit-ups. So she laughing at me. I must be telling some dad jokes. Some corny dad jokes. But hey, that's what I do. Shout out to the dad girls, girl dads, whatever, however you say it, my daughter. That's my That's my heart right there. Master Ivy, and I think we might be done. Kalas, I'll see y'all next go round. Peace.