Kind: captions Language: en Peace out. Here we go. It's back day. Special back day. Periodically, you know, I don't want to lift weights, but I still want to train. So, what do I do? I lift myself. So, this is a back day. I need all y'all to be doing this at least once a month. Your back day need to be 100 pull-ups. This one though is going to be a little bit different. Especially, I'm going to show y'all a proper pull-up, right? Make sure you do this though. Do this before you train every day. You need to stretch your back. Just hang. Dead hang. And twist. It separates your vertebrae. Stretches it out so fluid can get in between there. So, you're not compressed. [Music] And what you're going to see right now is proper pull-ups with dead rest at the bottom. That's the reason for this. Outside of pure power, [Music] me personally, I do not live off of momentum. That's why you see me doing pull-ups like this. I don't even live off of my own momentum. So, what does that mean? That mean I don't even think about yesterday's wins. After I win, I reset, I get my mind right, and I put myself right back in position to win again. Do it again. So, the motion from last year, 2 years ago, whatever, viral videos, whatever, I don't think about none of that. Every day is a new day. New opportunity. And you have to be strong enough to start from scratch, from ground zero. So, you fortify yourself, right? So, you see right here with these pull-ups, it's an analogy. They're strict. You see me executing them perfectly, right? That is a win. Then I go around to the bottom, reset, and I do it again. From a full reset, ain't nothing carried over. Remember y'all, you are only as strong as what you can do from a complete stop. When ain't nothing to push off of, even your own motion. That's real power, y'all. Real power. Your capacity is measured not by what you can achieve when there's momentum, but it's what you can do from an absolute zero. There might be a day where you lose everything. Guess what you say? So, what? Let's run it back. I'm going to get it back. You don't want to depend on momentum. It's not reliable. You don't want to depend on nothing and nobody but Allah. But Allah, that's it. Zero state capability is what I'm talking about, y'all. That's the ability to perform at full capacity from a complete reset. And anybody that ever participated in explosive sports like fighting, boxing, sprinting, whatever, you know that full complete power come from a They come from a a calm, still place. All right? Out of that that quiet, out of that order, you create chaos. You create or you articulate violence towards entropy. And look, every Thursday I do a a lecture for my community in Circle Society, my mentorship community. And last week we talked about violence towards entropy. Entropy is, if you look at the the law of thermodynamics, entropy um is a system's natural state of of disorder, of disaster, of decay. So, the body is a system, the mind is a system, everything is a system. If you do not employ violence against entropy, it will die. It will it will become dysfunctional. And you see right here is me applying all kind of violence towards physical entropy, mental entropy. I pray five times a day to deploy violence against spiritual entropy. It's how we keep ourselves alive and thriving and and healthy. All right? Anyway, I want y'all to do this once a month. Y'all, let me know down in the comments if you're going to commit to this. Once a month, your back workout need to be 100 pull-ups. 100 of those. And we're doing them strict, no kipping. All right? Peace. [Music]