Kind: captions Language: en Peace y'all. Miss Biss me a lot. All right y'all. So I missed y'all last week, but I'm back at it. Today is biceps, not arms, just biceps. Now I train with intentions. I assess myself, my physique, and I noticed that, you know, I think my biceps kind of lacking. So I have been intentional on bringing them up. And who motivated me is my son Elijah cuz we was training one day and I'm looking at his biceps and I'm like gez. But he trains them a lot. So that's what I'm at right now. That's why you see me doing biceps dooo on certain days. Now this is important. Let me I want to address something with y'all. You might go to the gym on the regular and you might not get the results that you desire. And what's crazy is you keep doing the same thing over and over. You're not changing anything. You do not have intentions. You need intentions behind what you're doing with literally everything in life or for real. For real. But especially with your physique when you're hitting the gym now you're doing it. I assume that most of y'all are uh gym goers. That's why you're on this channel. That's good. That's a beautiful place to be. It's a beautiful thing. But are you just going through the motions? Cuz most people go through life just going through the motions. Or are you being an actual architect, an engineer of your physique, of your frame? Most people go through life coasting, going through the motions with anything. Now, I talk about the gym a lot and draw parallels to real life because it's a 1:1 ratio. What you do sometimes is what you do all the time. How you do some things is how you do all things. And if you are thorough with your training, right? You have a plan with every workout, a plan for every rep. You're doing every rep with intention. You're making sure your form is on point. If it's too easy, you're increasing the the uh the weight, right? If it's too difficult, you know this, you're being mindful and you decrease the weight. You're calibrating as you go along. You're not just going through the workout, right? Then chances are you're doing your entire life like that. And if you're not, you should be. You should be. Everything y'all see me doing, it's with intentions. It's with intentions. All right. Now, I've all my life I've been in the gym. So, I've done every exercise you can imagine. Some exercises I don't feel are activating the muscle that I'm supposed to train. So, you know what I do? I don't just keep doing it. I find a movement that works. And what you see here is movements that work for me. All right? trying to teach y'all something. I'm not just going in there and just doing movements. I'm doing what actually works. I'm trying my best to activate. No, I'm not trying. I am activating a mind muscle connection, right? I'm training to muscle fatigue, to muscle failure. That's why I don't have a conventional amount of sets that I do or reps. Now, typically when we're putting these videos together, we make it nice and neat. Four, five sets, three sets, whatever. But today, I did shoulders. I probably did 15, 16 sets of my primary movement, and that's a shoulder press. Why? Because I wanted to get a real fatigue before I moved on to what's next. All right? And the shoulder press works the entire shoulder. So, anyway, I'm very intentional about everything I do in here. And in the gym, you have to feel things out, right? You have to feel things out. We're scientists, right? They call they say it's bro science if you don't stick to the book. Well, I I accept that. Bro science. I'm with it. This is what has gotten me over the years. All right. I think I'm doing pretty good. Now, I have put together over the years my own protocols, multiple uh protocols, and wahi y. I would never lie to you. I have never put together a protocol that I didn't do and that didn't work. All right? Everything that I do is tried and true. So all of those ebooks that I got, tried and true, legitimate programs that I actually do. Anyone that is on Alpha Shred, tried and true. That's how I train most days. Okay? My workouts is in Shred. And if you don't know what shred is, it's a 30-day challenge, but it's real legit workouts, bodybuilding, my split, Monday through Saturday. I give you Sunday off. All right. Every exercise broken down, every movement, every rep, so on and so forth. And there's video that go along with everything, too, so you know exactly how to do it. So, it's not just gym workouts, it's home workouts, too. But those who don't like going to the gym or don't want to go to the gym or whatever. And those who get the most out of it, they doing both. They're doing both. All right. And the home workouts, you don't even need waste. If you interested in that or some real one-on-one online coaching from me, which is a little bit more intense, more intentional, mike rashetraining.com. mike rashedtraining.com. All right, I got you. And listen y'all, it's mega mega affordable. For instance, Alpha Shred is only $49 a month. What? Yes. my actual training and my app, the access with your n your nutrition, everything. You plug in your info and we split out your macros that you should be hitting a day. Different styles of eating. It's all in there, baby. 49 bucks. It's a little more to get me oneonone, though. But we could hop on a call and see if that's for you. And it's not even a lot. I'm doing This is a labor of love, y'all. But I can't take too many people because I got other things to do. And I'm into quality over quantity. Now, this machine right here, I love I love a single arm preacher curl on a selectorized machine because I ain't got to move weights around. I can just select the pin, move the pin around, right? And you'll rarely see me sitting on the bench here. I stand over it. I hover above it to where I can like leverage myself to where it feels comfortable to do and I feel like I'm getting the maximum range of motion, a good pull. All right? And it's not hurting anything. And y'all see here once again, nothing conventional about what I do. These reps are going I'm doing I started out with maybe 15 15 then I go right back 12 12 10. No breaks. just burning it all the way out. This is real time under tension. This is how you build your body efficiently without having to spend hours and hours in the gym. I ain't got time for that. I don't know about y'all. &gt;&gt; There are times I am spending more time in the gym, but on the regular 45 minutes I'm in and out. Bomb efficiency cuz I got things to do. And the gym is just one aspect of my life. It's not my entire life, but it's a big one. It's the foundation of a lot of to a lot of things. And I just really really really really hope y'all lock in for real. For real. Lock in. Lock in y'all. And don't just do it. Do it right. Do it well. Get a plan. Get a coach. I could coach you if you want. If you don't want me, there's a lot of coaches out there. Some dope people out there. But you can find proper coaching. And look, go through YouTube. It's a lot of free information. and I'm giving it here. But once you need to advance above that, that's there, too. But get a program, get a protocol, follow these workouts. All right? And do it consistently. You don't do it one time and that's it. You know, where's the where's the gains? Nah. Do you got to do it every day? You go on my channel. I got a workout. I got a million workouts on here for every body part over and over and over and over and over. All right. You smart. You can put it together. All right, y'all. I'm about to hop off of here. &gt;&gt; Let me know what y'all want to see next down in the comments. And I got you. [Music]