Kind: captions Language: en Bismillah. Bismillah al-Rahman al-Raheem. What's good, y'all? You see what it is. Arm day, baby. So, check this out. I have been neglecting my arms. But, none of my homies neglect their arms. So, I'm over here with Simeon. We chilling. And I'm like, "Dude, look at your arms." And then I brought my son, Elijah, and his arms like they bigger than mine. So, I've been very intentional. As y'all can see, we're training my arms. So, y'all going to see a lot lot more arm content from me cuz I'm trying to grow these grow these things. As you see, we start here with some basic uh dumbbell curls. And I say basic, but basic is best. And I have to shout out Simeon for this because we was training arms one day and he was like, "We going up to 80s on the dumbbells." I was like, "What?" All right, let's go. So, we did it. It was difficult. But, I had a pump out of this world. Moral of the story is this. If somebody got better arms than you, you listen to them. They know what they're talking about. But, nah, but it was that extreme forced adaptation. Listen, it matters. So, what you're doing what you see me doing here is building up to that heavy set. I'm telling you, I don't get pumps like I get when I go super heavy on arms. All right? Y'all got to think, if y'all train often, your arms do a lot of work all the time. So, you do have to train it a little bit different to get that real benefit out of it. A real a real benefit out of training to get that that pump. And I can't lie. What y'all think? I think my I think I've been growing a little bit biceps and what not. But, that comes from being intentional with your training. Energy flows where the mind goes, right? So, my mind has been on growing my arms, especially my biceps. My triceps is is good. And it's coming along. And it makes a big difference, y'all, for real. So, now we're at the 70s. And what I'm doing here is hammer curls, cross-body hammer curls. And we got to have that warrior music while we getting it getting busy. Do y'all want my playlist? Like, it's a playlist that's not available anywhere, but I can make it available. Warrior warrior energy. That's what I like about music. It's like a war war chant, war cry, drums. Which I heard first, that's right. That was more Nasheed. There was no music in that. That was just vocals. Devotion to Allah, to God. All right, if I'm not mistaken, I think I got the 80s right here. But, even if I didn't, Matt will put the correct number on the on the screen. And y'all know what I'm thinking about, too? I'm thinking about cuz I do these workouts a couple days before y'all see it. Maybe I'll start doing lives watching the video live with y'all and I'll be on the screen. And we could be breaking it down real time. That way y'all can answer ask questions and I can answer it. If y'all like that, let me know in down below in the chat. And also, let me know if y'all want me to uh if y'all want me to provide a playlist with the original music, not like stuff that's out already. Let me know in the comments down below. I think these are big boys right here. You can see. So, look. The time under tension is kind of short, right? But, what you want to do is be intentional about it. Yeah, those are the 85s. My bad. And on your negatives, be intentional about trying to slow it down on the negatives, on them heavy super heavy reps and sets. Here's a concentration curl right here. This one doesn't require a lot of weight, but if you try to do a lot of weight, you probably won't move much. You rest your elbow against your inner thigh, your knee, and you kind of lean back, and you curl. Don't seem like it's crazy, but this this this one right here, you feel it. So, this is the third exercise for biceps thus far. And I knew I was getting a good one in because this was difficult. And it don't look difficult. And that's what you want. And if y'all y'all curious the gym that I'm at, it's called Live Alpha in Costa Mesa. It's dope. If y'all ever in the area, check it out. Now, on these first two the first two uh exercises, then we did four sets each. And then each sequential exercise, I believe I did three sets. Hey, y'all. I'mma be quiet right now to let these beautiful words resonate. These words are healing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey, y'all. So, y'all probably been noticing in a lot of my content me talking about my faith, Islam. I talk about it a lot because it saved my life. I ain't going to lie. It's such a beautiful spiritual system. And I'm no perfect Muslim. There is no perfect Muslims. But, Islam is perfect. And it gives us the opportunity to strive for perfection. We have five pillars. And there's so many rules and laws in which we agree to adhere to. And it's not restrictive. It's actually freedom. It's beautiful. It gives us a good life. It attracts the right people. It makes us less stressed. It gives us clarity to pretty much every question. Once again, it's beautiful. And I I thank Allah for that revelation. It was revealed to me a long time ago when I was a kid, but you know, just trying to figure things out on my own. But, I'm back and I'm on my deen. Inshallah, I'll I'll be I'll grow in Islam and be a better Muslim. And hopefully a good example for a lot of y'all. You know, in Islam, we we have what's called Tawhid. It's it's complete alignment with Allah, with God. So, my loyalty and my alignment is with God over anything and anybody. Over my wife, my children, my family, my brothers, my sisters, whoever. Because Allah's laws are perfect. Humans are not perfect. So, we should never align 100% with people. We should align 100% with God. And I'mma tell y'all this. Me aligning 100% with God is protection. Not just for me, but even for my enemies. Cuz I can never treat people unfair. I can never be unjust. We are forbidden for that. And I ain't trying to push nothing on nobody. You do you follow your own path. I'm just sharing my path. That's all. And for those who be tapping in, I appreciate y'all. And I hope I know this ain't for everybody. And I know a lot of people be bouncing from my my page cuz of what I'm on, but it's all good. If it only hit one person, for real for real, Alhamdulillah, my mission was done. [Music]