Kind: captions Language: en Peace y'all. Ramadan Karim Ramadan bombard for anyone who is participating this year in Ramadan. I pray Allah accepts your Ramadan. I pray you have a good one. And look, I got something for you. I got gifts. I bring forth gifts. All right. So, right here, what you're watching is this was uh part of a project, a a program that I put together for anyone who's participating in Ramadan. You don't even got to be doing Ramadan. You can just do it. All right? It's a 30-day training protocol on how you should train if you are fasted, if you are doing this. There's a A and a B, right? So for people who like who going to train early and for people who want to train in the evening, I got something for both of y'all, for all y'all. So I don't have a way of doing any automations on YouTube. But I do on Instagram. So just go to my Instagram and shoot me a DM or comment on the most recent uh post, just the word Ramadan. Comment on the post the word Ramadan, and you're going to get the program sent right to you in the DM. All right? Whatever that post is, it don't matter what post it is. cuz you can post on click on anything right and then I got you. All right. So anyway, I'm going to shut my mouth and y'all can enjoy the workout. But I got a whole program for you. The nutrition and the training. It's free. I ain't charging nothing. All right. All right. Peace. But my aggression. I stretch. I bend your spine backwards. Go try Jesus for peace. Let him preach you endurance and pardon &gt;&gt; across my enclosure. Your shoulder dislodges from socket and hardens my belt like a pendulum angulum. &gt;&gt; It prints on your epidermis. A scripture of leather indictment. &gt;&gt; Try Jesus. Please don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me cuz I put spell to ass. I set your spirit free. Try Jesus. He'll whoop your ass, too. He's from the streets of Palestine. And I come from the Brooklyn. is a I he go try a punk ass mama go hide in her house and be sheltered step in my radius reckless your skeletal lattice gets melted I torque your clavicle clockwise Collapse of your posture. Mandible mandela shattered in granular patterns of slaughter. Go try Jesus again. Let him cradle your panic and pride. But stride in my orbited orbitals fracture your side. I could take anguish and lay in serrated incisions. Incendurary intentions extend through your tendons with vision. Go try Jesus for love. Let him hover above your affliction. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with my patience. I ration your breath into fractions of friction. I liquefy arrogance marrow extracted in measures. Pleasure replaced with the pressure of vertebral structural pressure. Yeah. Go try your punk ass mama. Go back to buffer the blow. But test my composure. Your mer of snow in the underdog. I calibrate car on like a warhead in orbit. Your forearm contorted, distorted, unsupported in torid. Go try Jesus repeatedly bleed till your halo is shining. But square up with me and your timeline is slice and declining. I fracture THE FRAMEWORK OF FAITH. YOU PARADE AS PROTECTION. Your breast turn to air AS YOUR RIB CAGE CAVES AND WORD IN SECTIONS. Go try Jesus for mercy. Rehearse every verse he can offer. But [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me once and your coffin gets measured and author binary tying applying appliance of violence. You gamble with Christ, but with me you are ROLLING WITH DICE. GO TRY JESUS. Go try your mama. Go try every sing you can name. But try me directly in vertebrae. Separate clean from the frame. Ah. Ah. Oh. Ooh.