Kind: captions Language: en forbid television. Um, this is logged in on November 25th, 2023, Eastern Standard Time. Um, sensitive material has been breached and it is now in front of the public. This is very sensitive documentation and the world will be in total chaos if leaked and it is now leaked. All of it. Not one document. All of it. Place of exploitation. Forbidden knowledge. Television. This must be stopped. All right. All right. It's Billy Carson aka Forbidded Knowledge and I have my very good friend Mike Rasheed King. He's on tonight. He's an author, an athlete, an entrepreneur, and a visionary. Mike Rasheed King is a multiaceted powerhouse, professional boxer, power bodybuilder, entrepreneur, and spiritual author. And guess what? We have him on the show tonight. He's been a two-time Golden Gloves champion and he transitioned from boxing into the world of fitness and entrepreneurship. He's also the founder of CEO CEO in multiple ventures including the Alpha Academy Apparel, Ambrosia Collective, and a neutrutical company dedicated to optimizing health and performance. And Mike's influence has extended beyond business. He's a prominent YouTube and fitness personality with over 1.5 million subscribers where he shares insights on training, mindsets, and personal development. And his commitment to holithic growth is evident in his literary work, which is notably known as the divine essence, the Q, the sacred text of the infinite god body, which serves as a spiritual manifesto for those seeking selfmastery and enlightenment. Welcome to the show, Mike. Thank you. Thank you for having me on. I appreciate you, sir. Yeah, man. Yeah. Listen, it's been a minute since we've been on the podcast together. I think the last time we were together, I was on your podcast. Yes, sir. Yeah. Right. You was right here. We was in here. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's been a good minute, man. Good to see you. Obviously, we've had a lot cooking in the last uh you know, a few months with your book being written and you completing it and allowing and blessing us and allowing Forbidden Knowledge to publish your book. So, thank you for that, man. I thank you. I appreciate you. you're one of my motivators in writing a book. You know, I've always been a writer. Um, but I started taking it real serious a couple years ago and um, you know, you kept putting out bangers, right, in regards to, you know, what I look at is classical pieces of literature in modern cannon. And um you know this is a good way for us to you know plant those seeds cuz who knows in a generation or two or three from now where people start picking these seeds up and like it it really have cultivated and making a real change. So, um I I feel like this is our divine duty, you know, especially those of us who who have uh you know, a a a specific purpose and you know, standing on what I call nation business and trying to help our people, you know, rise. You know, this is part of it. You know, we need to rewrite history and make it more accurate because past few hundred years has been very much so distorted. Yeah. you know, and you know, and it's been distorted in a way that keeps people so suppressed, so you know, uh, fragmented and not in their full power. So, why not tell people how powerful they are and how beautiful they are and how special they are, you know? So, that's what that's my job. That's what I do. Yeah. No, I love it, man. I love it. So, I mean, you wrote a very unique book or written a very unique book. I love the book, man. The book is amazing. And I wrote the forward to the book and um what I love about the book is that it really is all about self-empowerment and self-realization. It really teaches a person how to go inside and not outside. What was the process like for you coming up with this concept of this spiritual knowledge? Yes, sir. Well, all right. So, first of all, the divine quintessence. A lot of people don't know what that means. And quintessence is, you know, like ancient science when, you know, it was the fifth element, you know, what they now call dark matter. Um, you know, back in antiquity, it was called the ether or the fabric of the universe, right? And I always like that that concept. And when people hear the word like quintessential, it means like the best because the quintessence was considered the best of all elements. Now when you really look at it, right, when you really want to because people want to identify God, right? Everyone's searching for God, but there's no need to search because you are God, right? And you're God and we're a God and collectively, you know, when you look at what the ether or dark matter or the fabric of the universe is, it's literally everything. And we are literally all connected. No doubt about it. Think about it. The earth weighs six sexillion tons, right? Have cars, you have new buildings, so on and so forth. The the weight of the earth never changes, right? Because everything that ever was and everything that ever will be just is as we speak at this moment, right? Yeah. We know that with you know through uh the law of thermodynamics that you know energy it can't be created or destroyed. It just change forms. So everything in existence has always been here. Yeah. And it'll always be here just like we will always be here. So when you're trying to I like to take things and make it practical and literal, right? So when we're talking about God, we can talk about it. I have no problem having those conversations with people because I'm going to walk you down a path of logic and you know something that can be measured, right? and the concept of God, people choose to make it mystical and and esoteric and untouchable. But even if you look at scripture, Bill, and all the books, it's very specific of who God is, you know? Oh, yeah. And and people will write it off like, no, that's figuratively speaking. Says whom, right? Who determines that, you know? So, you know, I just like to bring it all into like a place of practility and relatability because why should we not be able to relate to God? Yeah. Exactly. I think I think what you said is so huge because the problem that we we're facing right now is well, not you know, not we in particular, but the majority of the planet when it comes to religious beliefs and spirituality is that God is unobtainable. that God is unreachable and the only way to get to God is through a middleman or a middle middle spiritual figure or through death and people need to begin to understand that God is everywhere as God said it was everywhere in all religious texts in all spiritual writings and teachings God inhabits every single thing everywhere at all times that's omnipotence and omniscience and so if God is inhabiting Everything everywhere all at once. That means every atom in my body is inhabited by the divine. Right? It means the the the space between you and I, the illusion of this distance is inhabited by that same energy, that same divine spark. Everything within the universe, the dark matter which is creating the expansion of the universe and driving the expansion and growth of the universe itself, all of that is God. you know, the atoms inside of a a rock or a leaf or a flower or in this microphone is God. And we have uh unfortunately because of I guess these this programming that we've been given to believe that God is out of reach when God is everywhere at all times. And that's something I think you're right that we have just kind of overlooked or forgotten or maybe we're afraid to even think of. Yes, sir. You know, you said it perfectly. It is a program. People have been programmed, right? And people have to, you know, it takes a degree of a bravery for one to question your belief system because it's we all start beginning uh programmed at very young ages. So, it's hard to shake away from it. But listen, who knows everything? Nobody, right? So typically we learn our first religious um uh teachings from our parents, right? And our parents got it from their parents and so on and so forth. They didn't they didn't know everything, right? They did the best with what they was given with. So I'm not saying I I want to make this distinction as well. I have no uh disrespect or look down upon people who hold firm to religion. Listen, I'm a religious person, right? Yeah. Um but certain religions I do see as the systems being problematic because the original essence of these particular uh religious systems have been changed. Right? So it's been changed and people are not comfortable looking at why it changed and questioning why it changed and understanding why it changed because it it it shatters your belief system and people don't like to be wrong. And that's just unfortunate. Listen, one thing about that I love about science and scientists is they like, "Yo, prove this wrong so that we can advance our field of study so we can become better, right? Why would I want to or anyone want to stand on a false premise? I don't. If I'm wrong, please let me know so I can fix my position and then move forward." Yeah. But but unfortunately, people don't like that. People don't want to be wrong, you know. Well, it makes him very uncomfortable the fact that you and I are on here and you being a person that actually is uh you know does believe in religion. Uh and me being a person that believes in God, they can't take the fact that we seem bold enough in their eyesight to be able to say that God is inside of us in some way because of their programming code. It scares the literal crap out of them. It horrifies them. It makes them feel uncomfortable. But a lot of people that come to an awakening and they realize, wait a minute, let me think about this for a minute. If you really begin to analyze a lot of the texts in these religious books, they've been saying this the whole time. We have just been taught to ignore those parts. We've been subjugated to the parts that they want to force us upon. And I think that there's a lot of great information in the Bible and the Quran and a lot of the religious texts that exist. um you can find incredible insights and knowledge and wisdom and if you activate or act upon those teachings, you'll get a great result in your life. It's just that I think sometimes it um it it it forces people in some way to put God out of reach and it horrifies them that they that they themselves might be able to think of themselves as something that is actually divine and already eternal, you know. Well, here here's the issue. Here's the issue, Billy. All right. So once one really sit with that, right, that knowledge of them potentially having that God power in them, right? Let's say you have a father that is a great man, right? You got to live up to that. Yeah. You know, and that's something that people don't want to do. They rather take the route some, not all people. And I don't even think people want this, but it's just what they've been told, right? People have been told, you know what, you're born a sinner. It's it is what it is, right? And you know, everybody listening to this broadcast right now, I'm gonna give you a fact, right? And maybe it's uncomfortable, but I just want I'm delivering this message out of love, right? The concept of original sin is not biblical. Has nothing to do with Jesus. It has nothing to do with Christianity. It has everything to do with a man uh named Augustine of Hippo, right? At the council in Na, that was his thing. That was his thing to bring to the church is this concept of original sin. Now this concept had a lot to do with him, right? If anybody Google this man, he had huge infidelity issues. He like, you know, we must all have this. This is just how it is, right? And then a lot of blame was put on women, right? And one thing that I don't do is I don't suggest anybody blame anything on anybody, right? Your problems are your problems. You fix them, right? So, a man should never put his shortcomings or blame his shortcomings on a woman. That's that's that's weak and that's just low nature. And we got to elevate out of that. It's easy to blame people. But if everybody's the reason for your your your shortcomings and you just you're weak and you'll never come out of that because you have to depend on them to save you, right? When you should save yourself. Now there are great powerful people who ex who have existed and exist now that can give and provide insights and frameworks on how we can save ourselves. Right? But we have to get out of this arrogant way of thinking like listen this 30,000 year old way of thinking is how it was. But I'm not even mad at the 3,000 uh a year ago part right because that's not the problem. The problem is the people who came in between and teach it people if you read for yourself with a open mind you're gonna see a lot different than what you've been told all the time right because I had people when I spoke uh Billy when I spoke on original sin some time ago on Instagram you should have seen the comments it's like what are you talking about this is from the Bible I'm like it's not it's just not right it's not it's documented but unfortunately people don't read you know and And I understand people are busy, they got to work, they got school, so on and so forth. So you're going off of like uh um you know what the culture says, you know, it's all hair. Right. Right. Right. And that's not it's just not accurate. And I tell people like this that the people that want to defend that concept because and I attack the original sin concept because it's very damaging. is instilling is programming a a lower self-estimation of oneself from the gate. Like you're inherently you're flawed. You're a sinner. No, nobody's born a sinner, right? People are born holy. A baby is the closest thing to divinity that we we can experience, right? And we should all try to adjust and get back to a childlike nature in certain regards, right? Because that's purity. People learn sin and they learn um you know negative behaviors and so on and so forth as they get older, but we're not born like that. We're born pure and holy. Yeah. Yeah. No, you're right. I mean, the original sin thing is that's a whole podcast by itself, you know, and you're right about the way it programs you in a negative way because words have power. And that's not just me saying it and you saying it. Scientists have studied words power over a human body over human cells. Yes sir. And um to the point where they even took cells out of a person transported those cells miles away and they put a negative reaction over the cells that were local to the person and then the cells that were taken out of the person's body that were miles away reacted to that negativity. Wow. So the body is responding through uh quantum entanglement. We're quantum tangled and when you that means consciousness from from ourselves and even our own vocal box has a heavy effect on us and of course other people's words have an effect on us. So when somebody's telling you original sin and you were born a sinner and you're and you're no good and and you've got to gravel and beg. Well, that destroys your self-esteem. It destroys your belief in self. It destroys everything about you. And it, like you said, it takes you to this lower level, this subservient level where now you believe you have no power and you're totally and absolutely worthless and not worth anything. And you better get and get on your knees and gravel and beg to to get a seat at the table if you can even get that far. So, it's kind of a um a degrading system versus a system of uplifting and showing love uh and showing empowerment and giving a person the ability to uh to elevate themselves and show them that they have the power to elevate themselves. That's the only true way that mankind is going to ever get back to a golden age if we lift one another up instead of tear one another down. And the thing that I don't like about the people that have destroyed religion, because religion actually is good, it's the people that destroyed it and remixed it that are not good. when they come to destroy an attack like that recent attack I had death threats and racial slurs and even in this live chat here's a couple of knuckleheads making some negative comments and they and but they'll go and claim that they're godlike and they're going to go to heaven because of their belief system when they're they're acting um totally off of negativity low vibration and they're acting with really a satanic mind versus a godly mind but they're so blind to what they're doing that they can't even see that actions are dark. They're low and they're not uplifting. They're not raising humanity. Not prosperous. They're not helping to put out to help anybody achieve anything. They're only designed to distort, contort, hurt, um, and maybe even injure somebody. So, and they can't seem to make that distinguish that that that distinctness between the two that they're not godlike and that they're not the way that the way they're following it hasn't uplifted anybody. And I like your book because your book is teaching people how to uplift themselves, which is the most important thing. And then how to uplift others. That's the key. That's how you raise people up. You got to raise a civilization up, raise our people up instead of tearing our people down. You know, we have enough of the tearing down going on. Yes, sir. And you know, it's very interesting, Billy. Like I speak about this a lot and we go into depth on this on the book, you know, cuz in the book I give a lot of like tactics and strategies that people should employ into their lives, right? To see a better look people, listen, if you can change the way that you think, you can literally change your life, right? Case in point, you have content creators who just create negativity, right? misery, you know, uh drama, arrest, this, whatever. And people will go to that. Listen, I call that uh junk food for the mind, right? Junk food tastes good, but it gives you diabetes. It gives you heart disease. You may feel good right in that moment, but you're investing in your in a fast death, right? And people are doing that intellectually and spiritually as well, right? versus coming listen you there's not one video that you've posted that's negative right and same here and I I just won't right so you know people need to make a decision like yo do I really want to eat that fast food that junk food do I want spiritual diabetes or do I want to be healthy thriving and strong and powerful and mighty right so I tell people don't go and sit and consume information that doesn't put you in a good mood don't Why would you consume information from people that are gossiping, right? Why would you consume information from people that make a living off of other people's uh misery, right? Profiting off of people misery, profiting off of people's pain. That's like you said, is very demonic. Now, let's talk about that, right? Let's talk about Let's talk about Let's talk about early Christianity, right? Let's talk about the expansion of it. and any of my Christian brothers and sisters out there, in no way do I have any disrespect towards Jesus Christ, right? That is the guy, right? But I have issue with those who persecuted him and those who spread their version of his of his uh uh systems, right? Their version, not his. Right. Yes. Same. They spread they spread it with extreme violence, right? extreme subjugation, right? They tortured people. They burnt people alive, human beings, right? That is not of Jesus. That is that's satanic. That is human sacrifice. And then you'll have the same people or the same offspring of that kind of mentality persecuting people who are trying to give a good message, telling people that they're powerful, they're mighty, people trying to make people feel better. Right? We're not coming out saying anything negative about anybody, you know? We're telling you like, "No, you're great. You're great." When I greet somebody, I say, "Peace, God, right? I'm I'm I'm giving you the highest degree of respect, right? Because I respect and love myself like that. And if I see that you respect and love yourself like that, I'm gonna keep pushing you in that direction." And on the flip side, when I do deal with people who, you know, have tried to violate in some capacity when there's actual interaction, right, I don't even push them into a darker place. I try to give them space for growth, right? Because look, part of my upbringing and my teachings, you know, we have to, you know, a huge pop part of the population and our people are suffer under the condition of being deaf, dumb, and blind. We call it the triple stages of darkness. And my duty is to bring them out of that. Right? So it is not my job to see somebody in a dark space and and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on them and talk down on them, right? Is for me to try to give them me back up and give them space to come up out of like, come on, man. I understand why you said that. I understand why you doing that, but that's not the way. Let's go. Come here. Come here. I got you. Right. So that's what essentially what I'm here for. And that's that's my my divine duty and my divine role. And one more thing about the negativity in the comments and stuff, right? This is unfortunately, but people I don't even look at comments anymore because people will deploy bots to just say, you know, and it's it's a thing. It's a real thing. It's a strategy that some people invest in. And look, I think that it's pretty sad for those people because people that invest in negativity, they're investing in uh intellectual, a spiritual, and a physical demise. Yes. Straight away. Yeah, you hit that on the head. And I did see some bots in it because this one bot where it says you got cooked. I saw you got cooked probably in the last 7 months, maybe 6 or 7 thousand times between all the different platforms that I have. Every time I see that, I already know that that's actually a bot. Nobody's there's no way that seven or eight thousand different people who don't even know each other are going to say the same exact thing. Yes, sir. It's it's a bot. It's a bot. You got to think about it. It's is a bot is very cowardous for he whom employs these tactics. You're a coward, right? But yeah, you you can only attack important people, you know? And essentially essentially we talking about Jesus. Jesus was attacked and they they executed him. So this is what they do. They do when you're speaking the truth. Look, misery loves company. They're like, "Shut him up." It's like to to a devil's ear, his brain, they can't handle it. Like shut him up. Like get him out of here. So that's that's just what happens unfortunately. And look, I'm a fighter. I love the that good fight, you know what I mean? So, I'mma always stand on the right side of of that kind of war. Yeah. Listen, destroy this body and I shall rebuild it in three days. That's what I'm talking about. That's a real statement. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. You go into the, you know, they want to tear you down, but they don't understand. You just, we got the power to rebuild and but but they can't tear them down. They're making stronger. Listen, a wise man also said, "Trap my body, you can't trap my mind. Lock my body up, you can't lock my mind up." We are free as long listen as long as we understand that life is literally what you make it. And as long as you do everything you can to tap into that heavenly, godly, divine frequency and you stay on that, it doesn't matter where you're at, what the circumstance is, you're good, right? Yeah. So, so Bill, so you know, when I had, you know, some years ago, I had to to to deal with some outstanding legal issues that almost put me in prison for a while. And when I was dealing with it, I was all right with going to prison. I'm like, that's okay. Yeah. Uh I I had everything sorted out to where, okay, I may not be physically there with my kids, but my visitations are going to be as such, right? Where the unit I'm going to be in, I'm going to be good, right? Um, I'm going to study so much. Like I I study a lot now, but in there I have no distractions. Yeah. I'm good sleep. When I come out, y'all thought Malcolm X was a problem. Wait till I get out. Right. So, I had a joy about me because I'm like, "This is fine." And literally everything that I encounter is fine. I'm always good. There's nobody people can be like, "Oh, well, this happened or that happened." I could tell you how I benefited from that in such a great way because I I'm free. I'm a free thinker. I'm a free man. And I I I I've been fortunate enough for my brain to just think on that quantum level to where it's like these are not the options. These are the options. All of these are the options, right? And this all benefits me because that's what life's about. If you cannot alchemize your reality, then life sucks. you're complaining a lot, right? Wo is me. But nah, everything is good in my in my in my particular universe, in my space. I love it, man. I love I love the positivity. I love the great outlook and the fact that you believe that you can control your own reality tunnel, you know. Um, and uh, you know, recently I went through some stuff. I'm not going to get into it, but I went through some stuff. And you know, I I I respect you, man, because you're one of the people that reached out to me and said, "Hey, you know, hey, brother, like you say, you know, are you okay?" Um where whereas um you know, some people didn't do that. And that one little call had a great impact not only on me, but also on my future thinking as well, my my understanding even of myself and humanity. Some small things like that that people will do are huge things, right? So, you took the time, the effort, the energy, reach out, check on me. And other people have checked on me, reached out and checked on me as well, you know? But, uh, it's a small number. I don't have I don't have that many people though that have my number, so it's going to be a small number. But but I appreciate that, you know, and after I got off the phone with you, I took away because I was in a victim mindset for for a minute there for like, you know, a couple of weeks at least. And I was like, wait a minute. What Mike was saying was so right. So I had to flip from the victim mindset because that's a low vibration. And I flipped myself out of the victim mindset into the mindset of growth, development, and upliftment. And then I realized okay life is a great teacher. Yes sir. So let me sit down and let me learn from this situation so that this situation did not happen and go in in vain and go to waste like this this allow this is a here for me to grow. What is my growth that's going to come out of this and what will it take me to? What next level will that take me to? And then how can I then take that al alchemize like you say, how can I alchemize that pain, redevelop it, change it, convert it, and then now use my knowledge and wisdom as to how I grew from it to reach out and help someone else like you helped me out, you know? Sure. And that's what it's all about. That's that's that's the cycle of life and that's what we all here for. I I'm big on this and I tell people, you know, and and when you think of my father taught me this when I was young. He said, "Son, we're men of character. We're people of character." And character is not displayed when everything's good. Character is when things hit the fan, right? When you lose your job, when your girlfriend leaves you, when all of the things, anything you can think of that's negative, that's when how you gonna act in. Mhm. And the same with our friends, right? So, it's like, are you only around when it's popping, when we having fun, or when it benefits you, or you going to be there when you know it's inconvenient? And real loyalty and real brotherhood or sisterhood for the ladies, it it it exists in those dark days. It it's it's when your people really need you the most, you know? So, and that's when we got to show up with like it's like, "Nope, nope. Uh-uh. Come on. I got we here. We here. We're going to do this the right way, right?" And it's not just uh uh coming around and and being, you know, gossiping and wanting to hear drama, right? And it's not just saying the things that make you want to feel good, right? Sometimes we like, "Nah, bro, you tripping." That's not That's not right. Yeah. Right. And that's how we learn. And and we all need that. And we all everybody needs community, you know? it is so necessary. So, you know, um I when I every time I've been around you, um Billy, you've been so super gracious and and what I said in that video yesterday was real. You know, when I when I met your family, your team, I'm like, man, Billy's the guy because it reflects through all his people. You know, that's a true measure that that's when you could really It's not fake because everybody can act like the guy. Everybody can act, you know, but when you see it in the the network of people that you've put together, you know, it's a beautiful thing. So, and listen, I can honestly say you are a a very genuine, kind, warm-hearted person, and that's why I'm drawn to you. You know, appreciate it, man. Thank you, sir. Thank you, man. I appreciate that. Yeah. And same same here, man. I mean, you know, uh, when we did that first round table discussion here at the house, uh, in the little house studio a few years ago, it's it's amazing. I think that was three years ago. Damn. Wow. Time flies. I know, man. You know, that's the first time I got a chance to really be like around you, you know, and and I saw, man, you're just a great human being, man. So, I'm really excited that you wrote this book. And by the way, everyone, we we've been dropping the link to the book in the live chat to Mike's new book. Okay? Make sure you guys go to Amazon and get that book. We're going to make that book an Amazon bestseller tonight. All right. So, get the book, The Q, the Sacred Text of the Infinite God Body. Okay. I've been dropping the link in the live chat. Make sure it's also in the caption of this video in case you see this video or this audio later on. Go check out, go support the brother. The book is amazing. Go check it out. All right. It's also on forbidden knowledge.shop, but right now, we want to promote it on Amazon. We want Mike to hit that bestseller status so that people can begin to get this new word out there, you know. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah, man. Oh, I got I got something special for your people, too. Yeah. Anybody who buys on Amazon tonight. All we need is a screenshot of you per your purchase and you will have free access to my mentorship for a month. So we there's a a lot it's a lot that we we have in there. A lot of resources and whatnot. So we're doing that for free. Good artist. Nice. If you get the book uh tonight on Amazon. Beautiful. Beautiful. All right. I dropped the link again. Make sure you guys check the link in the caption or in the live chat. And I know that in the book when I was reading it, you you start integrating neuroscience, quantum mechanics, African metaphysics. Um you know this is this is incredible stuff man. Uh can you drop some knowledge on that real quick? Yes sir. So every all right so everything about the book my intentions was to make it as practical as human possible humanly possible. So far too often you know when we look at things of a spiritual nature there's a separation of it being practical practical spirituality right and spirituality is extremely practical right so I had a um a woman ask me one time in my community like you know I want she said she want her work to represent her in a spiritual way and I was like well what does that mean like what do you what does it mean to you you And when I whenever I ask somebody about that, it kind of goes into mystical land, right? But I'm like, "No, just do a good job at what you do. Just be honest with people. Be kind to people, you know, so on and so forth." Like these are things that represent spiral spirituality. So you know, it's certain, in my estimation, there's levels to, you know, the human existence, right? And when we start thinking of things of the quantum nature you know that that's a level a higher degree of cognition of understanding right so in the book everything is based I base a lot of the framework of the book on my teachings growing up and this is look this book I read hundreds of times it's called the supreme wisdom and I I still study it still because it's the the knowledge the information is so solid and We use we have what's called um the supreme mathematics and the first three is knowledge, wisdom and understanding right so everything knowledge is the foundation is information right people say that knowledge is power but no it's power potential okay so once we take the knowledge the information and we apply our wisdom to it I mean we actually take it and use it right then it brings forth understanding so once we do that and when we can do that on whatever information that we deal with like I teach different tactics of studying in the book right because that's what just helps me so much so we'll take a word like like so the first this is this section of the book is called actual facts right and number one is the total area of the land and water of the planet earth is 196,940,000 square miles so I would take that sentence It takes me a long time to read books too because it is because I study it. So I have to break down what every word in that means, right? D because a lot of people don't know what D means. Total so on and so forth. So I would define each word, write it out and master that information, right? And until I've mastered that information, I can't go to the next sentence and so on and so forth. So when you're doing that, you are completely mastering the information that you deal with. Right? So and once you can do that you're not looking at dealing with things only on a binary or a linear path or or plane you start existing and dealing with things in a quantum right so what does that mean she let's talk about it so we have in quantum physics they have concepts like quantum entanglement right so a particle two particles can be vast vast have vast distance between them and still be connected in certain ways. And it's the same with us with frequencies, with thoughts, with ideas. You and I can have the same uh uh concept or idea without talking about it just so far from each other because we're quantumly entangled. We're entangled because we're on I know you experience this all the time. I know I do with certain people who who tap into that who know who they are, right? We think about the same things around the same times. And it's fascinating. It's fascinating. So, so this is when we start getting into the quantum, right? And the quantum helps me being able to operate and think in a quantum uh capacity. I feel like I have a cheat code in business and life and how I deal with people, so on and so forth. So, um I'm all about optimizing my life in the highest degree, in the highest order, in whatever capacity. my health, my wealth, my my spirituality, my intellect, right? So me being able to employ these tactics, right? These principles because everything is connected, right? So we all know that you know we we know the concept is of as above so below. Everything of the micro is of the macro. Everything is literally the same. Right? So you know when you can you know grasp these scientific concepts right these wonderful vast big concepts and ideas you can apply that to your life in a very real and meaningful way and yes people don't there's nobody in between academia and normal us living telling you that telling you that there's a connection right but there is so you know people like us we understand this and it's our job to connect people to it to these big grand concepts, but break it down, chunk it out in digestible bite-sized nuggets. I even have a section in the book, right, my version of Proverbs that are just because look, I read I understand things different. Like I gota I got to chunk things down, right? Big blocks of information, I get lost. I'll read it and have no idea what I just read. So, I got to go back and start over. So a part of the book is just small little nuggets of insight of wisdom that you know you take a few come back tomorrow you know my job is to like it's not the fashion in which I deliver the information it's what's important is me delivering the information making sure that you and that's it right right no that's powerful you know I'm glad you were vulnerable enough to talk about that and say that in a way because some people you know they'll hear us and think like, you know, these guys just consume information like water coming out of a faucet. And I'll be the first to tell you, man, I'll read something and I'll get down like one paragraph or maybe two and then I'll sit back and I'll be like, and now I' got to go look into some things for about damn near sometimes a week. Yes, sir. You know. Yes, sir. I Yeah, I know what you mean. I'm not I'm not you know what I'm saying? I download it all. It's in my brain and I can regurgit you know. Well, I'll say this. I'll say this. You got a gift though, right? Because I remember the first time when we sat in here and we we was going back and forth, I was like my brain started melting out my ears. I'm like, "Yo, how does he know so much information?" You know what I mean? Cuz you can retain it. I can't retain information. I got I got notes galore everywhere. You know what I'm saying? Because I cannot retain that kind of information. So, I salute you on that. That's a gift in itself. But see, here's the thing. I may not be that strong in that space, but I can be if I work at it. And that's that's the be the beauty of the brain. The brain is is a term called neuroplasticity. They used to think that once you get a certain age, you're just stuck. How you think is how you think, but they found out that's not true, right? The more we do things and think of things in a certain way, we create a fold or a wrinkle in the brain where that neuron fires that way. So, we can strengthen that memory or whatever it is that we want to strengthen. And that is something uh Billy I gota I gotta be honest that is on my radar, my to-do list or start working on memory uh like enhancing my memory because that's one thing that you got man to a high degree and that's very impressive. I'm like yo you know you know that too. You know that too. Like, wow. Just don't ask just don't ask me where my car keys are. You ask me where my car keys are on my glasses. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I didn't put those in the front of the the file cabinet. But, uh, it's funny because my my security guy laughs at me all the time because, you know, it's time to go. Then I'm walking around. He see me walking around the house. He's like, "This guy don't forgot his glasses again or his keys or something or or something, you know, cell phone or something." But I can recite the periodic table of elements, but I can't remember where I put the keys. But yeah, that's because we prioritize or, you know, s prioritizing what we want to remember, you know, and I appreciate that. Thank you, man. You know, so I've I've prioritized this information, but I'm so passionate about it that I'm able to retain a lot of it thankfully. Um, and whatever I'm really passionate about, I put to the forefront and say like this is like important, you know, like it locks in, you know, and um, and fortunately for me, that's helped me, you know, uh, do some accomplish some of the things I've been blessed to be able to accomplish, you know, but again, it's a lot of years. It's a lot. Yes, sir. You know, it's a lot of stuff stuff that I read back in 1977 from the Encyclopedia of Bratannica because that was delivered to our house, right? When I was a kid, they left, they dropped the books off and they would come back and ask for 10 bucks a week. They came back only one week. They never came back again. I guess the guy got fired. Who knows what happened to the guy? He never came back. And we had these encyclopedias, but stuff that I read in those books back then, I'm connecting the dots to other stuff that I'm finding out now. So, and I'm being able to also rely on that base of knowledge as I build, you know, on information. So, am I always right 100% of the time? No. But I got a, you know, a pretty damn good grasp on on information. You're in the high 90s. The high 90s, you know. Yeah, man. Yes, sir. But, no, it's cool. I, man, I remember the encyclopedia days, too. And, you know, we live in such an incredible time to where we don't have to go to the library no more. you know, we can research everything that fast and have all the information right here in our phones. It's a super computer. It's so it's so empowering, right? So, I be up late at night when I know I should be sleep because I have that's when I have time to study the things that I want to like look into. And, you know, I I remember watching the interview of Warren Buffett many years ago and it didn't I didn't understand it back then, but I I totally get it now. And he was talking about how how much he reads, right? And he was like, I read, he said, the amount that I read is not productive, right? And I was like, what does that mean? And I get it because I read and study things in that capacity. Now, it's weird because the older I get, the more tapped in I am, the more that I want to read and study things, right? And you know, my only time to do that because of work, my work schedule is so voluminous. and then my children, my family. It's like when I'm in bed, you know, but now I don't have to take a computer to bed. I can do it on my phone, right? And I I just love it. I love it. I love learning. I've always been fascinated by learning. And I got to attribute that to my grandmother. My grandmother, you know, I'm from Brooklyn and we had these great museums and planetariums and so on and so forth. And she took me, she would take me to the planetarium, my sister and I, when we was kids. And I was like, "Wow, this is incredible." So, you know, I've always been just super fascinated with learning. And people don't know this about me, but I was a I was a valid Victorian honor student all my life and all my academic career until I got to college. It it went haywire when I got to college. But, you know, but but no, but I've always loved learning, man. And I think that's why we we connect because we, you know, we kind of like two peas in a pie. People that are curious and interested in so many different things and why not learn about this, you know, why not explore? Yeah. And a lot of times in my space, people get it get kind of weird because they be like, "Man, just lift weights. Just just lift weights." I'm like, "There's so much more to life than that." You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. I know. It is cool because if people really like look at my content going all the way back to like 2012. Yeah. Yeah. I had the weights the weights the weights and then it'll be the mental jewels videos me giving like you know my perspective on things and stuff like that. Yeah. Which was very unique in my space and those videos never got a whole lot of burn but I didn't care. It's something I'm interested in and you know it was always a chunk of people that was fascinated by the things that I talk about and they like it. So and I'm like that's what I'm doing it for. Yeah. Exactly. for that person. Three people right there. That's why I'm doing it for Hey, listen. It only takes one brain to be sparked the right way to change an entire civilization on the planet. So, you doing the right thing, man. Following your passion. You know, that's that's what we're here to do. We're here to follow our passion no matter who listens or not. I remember my very first post on social media was an elongated paraca skull and um it got three likes. You talking about three She got three likes and I was like, man, three likes. Okay, maybe somebody wants to learn more about this. I don't know. And then I I just kept posting and posting and I would put these long educational captions when everyone was just posting pictures of cats and dinner plates. Yes, sir. You know what I'm saying? And then it got to where I would get nine likes and then I would click like button myself because then the number would the names would go away. It' be just a number. It would say 10, right? You know, so that was the initial goal. Get to 10 likes, you know. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, man. Look bigger than now. Now you got 13, 14 Instagram. They all popping YouTube, like all of that stuff. It's incredible, man. You know, there's some good people out here in the world that, and I really love people that want to better themselves. I'm here for that. I'm here for that because that's what we all want, right? And look, I don't want nobody thinking that I think I'm better than anybody else, right? I'm I'm a person just like everybody else. I'm just a person that is super tapped into trying to be a better person every day. Right. Exactly. And and you know that's why like like I you know I I've been talking about this a lot lately how lately how I had to read I rededicated myself back to my faith which is Islam because you know when I when I first walked away from my faith you know it was like I don't need it. I thought I didn't need it. I thought I was like, I'm good, you know, and I I can't lie, like I got beat up by the world, you know, because I was being of the world. I was being I I embedded myself in this culture, in this society, and I was living like everybody else. Now, I felt that I was capable of being stronger than other people in the spaces that I was in. But you know, I was investing I was investing my energy and my intellect in things that were destructive, right? Yeah. And behavior that was that were not inspiring, right? Behavior that was intimidating or that seemed predatory. And I'll be honest and say that, right? Yeah. And I was good at it. And I'm like, you know, I always had I never went too far because I always had this like this conscious in the back of my mind like your grandparents would be so disappointed at you, you know? And but I kept going and digging myself deeper in this deficit, right? And I hit rock bottom and I'm like, this is not it, right? Okay, everything ain't for everybody, but I know Islam is for me because when I climb I me seeing that light of Islam is what got me out of my I had a direction to climb towards, right? And I just surround myself with, you know, all of the all of the rules, the laws, the the the the spiritual framework, which is very cosmic, is very is very cosmic. It's very mathematical, right? And you know, it it it makes me feel safe and warm, right? It it enhances my personality like I'm a more pleasant person, right? Yeah. I'm not, you know, Bill, I used to be so mean, you know what I mean? And and just very just looking at people side eye, not trusting nobody, but now I know that the God in me is so powerful and so pure and my actions are in alignment with that. is I trust I trust whomever I encounter because you're not gonna do that to me because I wouldn't do that to you, right? You feel that I wouldn't do that to you. So, you're going to come at me in the right capacity. I just had a situation yesterday where um someone in my organization, you know, it was time to make a change with this person, right? Because, you know, we weren't aligned with, you know, just work ethic wise. There was a disalignment. So we called the meeting and the person came in and the person was like look I want to demote myself because I know I'm not you know and I appreciated that so much and it made our bond a little bit better but you know what I'm saying is this when you are aligned with a certain uh a system a framework that that that enhances you and amplifies you a lot of things just happen the way it's supposed to happen and the things that you need comes to you. Billy, I swear to you, brother Wahi, this is what we say. Since I've been back on what's called my dean, praying, you know, doing all of the things that I'm supposed to do, everything and everybody that I need has been coming to me. It's been coming, man. You know, and and I and I'm just, you know, this is a beautiful space that I'm in. And and there's nothing that can put a frown on my face, you know. I have true true happiness right now, you know. I love it. Yeah, man. I can sense it in you. I can feel it in you when I talk to you, man. And it's like um the faith that that you have, it gave you uh what I like first of all, but it's cosmic. I do know that which I've studied it incredibly. And I've got the Quran right here. And it's really a very cosmic understanding even to the fact of you know I mean they talk about the mothership and everything which is pretty incredible. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. They're very very well aware of other worldly worldly beings which are actually us. Yes sir. Yes sir. You know that's what that's the topic nobody don't want to talk about but Yes sir. But also, well, they're gonna they're going to at some point. So, Oh, it's gonna happen. So, in our in our book, in one of our books, there's information in here that's just been published so many years ago that they're like, "Oh, that's true. This is true. This is true." Like, we know, we know. And the same with, you know, um you are having literal congressional hearings every week about these UFO sightings, right? Yeah. You don't hear about it because it's not about that's not Diddy in jail. That's not a court case. You know what I'm saying? But these things are happening and we've been we have books about this, right? And listen, it's in the Bible in Ezekiel's vision, right? Um there are a lot of different religious frameworks that that acknowledge this what we're talking about here. So, but unfortunately, you know, you got to look at the dominant um he who controls the masses here in our country in America. Yeah. You know, it's just a very I think it's a wicked system. You know, it's a very wicked system that keeps they listen things like this. The fact that and listen, if people you drink alcohol, look, there's no disrespect to you, but it's poison, right? It's not good for you, right? The fact that that's legal is problematic, right? Yeah. The fact that every news station is a corporation, right? So they they have their their their financial interests at stake, not they don't care about you. They don't care about us. So they they push you negativity, violence, you know, whatever. And they make it very salacious and very, you know, clickworthy, right? because that's fast food. It tastes good, smells good, but it's killing you. That should be illegal. It should be illegal to be showing, oh, this kid committed committed suicide. We should not be broadcasting that. You're giving other people an out now of something negative to do to themselves because that's a thing and it looks kind of glorious because it's on TV, right? These things should be illegal, right? So, you know, I I just have a huge dis disliking to this culture here in America, which is is actually a European culture because for those who don't know, America is an extension of Britannia, right? Yeah. Because those people who wanted to leave there, they came here and started the colonies, right? And America literally was Europe, it was it was Britain, it was Spain, it was all of these different places, right? So these those customs are right here, right? The indigenous ways that existed here before have been buried, right? The indigenous ways of people that look like us has been buried and and fragmented, right? So we we we are operating and no disrespect to European people because y'all have been lied to as well. You know, y'all have been subjugated as well. you know, uh, one of the one of the horrendous events that took place in the spread of Christianity was the Inquisitions, and they were just going through Europe, man. Murdering and torturing people who wouldn't commit, you know, who wouldn't uh uh convert. So, 80 million. It's wild. So, this is not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on Europeans. This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the Europeans who started this thing, right? Um because look, it's out of hand. And then you have people here in America, you know, America has the highest divorce rate in the world. The highest, right? And the countries that follow are other only European nations, right? Um why is that? Because now whether a person is religious or not, it doesn't matter. Most people are religious and most nations are run with some kind of a religious framework allegedly. right here is a Christian allegedly a Christian uh uh framework, but it there's nothing to do with Jesus, right? Right. There's no modesty for men or women. There's no emphasis on family. N there's no emphasis on charity. You know, we're we're about war and money, right? War and money or violence in money has replaced divinity, godliness is the is replaced being kind to people, right? We should not live in a country in which there's such opulence and such uh uh poverty. Yeah, this is a this poverty is a problem. So many issues stem from poverty. But hey, you know, whatever. We we out fighting wars all over the country, all over the world for for what? is not for freedom, justice, or equality. It's for more money. Rich, rich, the richest people to for them to get richer and richer. I'm like, yo, you a old man with billions of dollars. What do you Why don't you change at some point? Why don't you change? Why don't you stop, right? Give your wealth away. What do you need it for? You're not going to take it with you. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, uh, Egypt, they felt like that, too. They thought they can take their wealth with them. It's like, "Bro, you ain't taking it out. It's gonna rot. Somebody gonna steal it. Open up your sacophagus, take your dumb cat and your dumb gold." All right. But they're doing the same thing here, right? So, you know, when Rome fell, it fell while people were in the coliseum watching watching tigers maul men to death, being entertained. They didn't know it was falling. And we're doing the same thing here, man. Yeah. We're being entertained by the Diddy case or whatever other silly thing on the media that's keeping people distracted. That's not important, right? Yeah. While our empire is falling. Yeah. Literally. Like literally. Yeah. It's a travesty what they've done. You hit so many hot points. I mean, most people think that slavery ended. It just converted and everyone in America and even in most countries are still enslaved. I mean, here they'll you'll work all week. uh back break, you know, sweat, blood, blood, sweat, and tears. They'll take taxes out of you, state and city and and and and and federal. And then the next thing you know, they'll take that money and and whisk it away and then buy and pay for all these armaments, ballistic missiles and Scud missiles and tanks and armory and guns and and bullets and and high-tech lasers and all of this made from the sweat off our backs. They'll take that money and convert it into uh machinery that can kill. And then they'll do an arms deal for $800 billion dollar with another country and sell that stuff that we paid for off of our sweat and tears and sell it to them. They paid no money for that stuff because they took it from us, the money from us out of our energy exchange and then sell it to another country and make a profit from it and we don't get any profit sharing. You know what I'm saying? You know, or they'll like you said it's slavery. It's slavery. A private company like Lheed Martin will come to the government and say, "We'll build you a an F99 fighter jet. We just need$1 trillion." So they go, "No problem. They'll just swipe it off the sweat of our backs from the public. We'll give you a contract. Go ahead and build this $1 trillion jet that doesn't even exist yet." In 10 years, they come back and say, "Oh, we couldn't make it work. Give us another 800 billion and we'll try to make another one." And meanwhile, the people are just cutting the pie up underneath the table, taking home4 and $50 million salaries. And the people who give the contracts are getting, you know, under the table 5020 million bonuses back, kickbacks from these private corporations. And we can't even look into the research because it's a private corporation. So, we can't get a Freedom of Information Act request on it. But this is how they do us. You know, this is what, you know, just to not to get off the topic, but that's it's just crazy, man, what they do. You know what's we're that's wild. This is why this is why in the divine quintessence in the book I talk a lot about divorcing yourself from this culture. Right now life is what you make it. Right? I think we all agree to that. So if life is what you make it, make your life exactly what you want it to be and be free. Right? So divorce yourself from this culture. So people are stressed out because they're watching other people living this appear to be living this luxurious lifestyle so on and so forth and people are so far from that so far removed from that right and you know they they're comparing their lives to what they see on social media so on and so forth divorce yourself from the culture stop looking at that stuff right don't don't participate in that cycle right yeah don't be a part of that particular algorithm So, and you know it's like, well, what do I do? You know, I want to have a good life. Okay, have a good life, right? I want to make more money. Okay, well, what do you do? Right? That's the first thing I ask people like, well, what do you do? Right? Well, whatever you do, are you good at it? Is it something that you really want to do? Is it something that you is helpful to people? Right? Do something to help people and be good at it. Like, really honor that occupation. Be honorable about it. Right? And guess what? You're wealthy. You're rich. You have joy. Right? Because we all gonna leave here in a box. When you look at a rich person, a beautiful person, a ugly person, a poor person's skeletal remains, it's no different. It's no different. It's no different. Right. So, and and you know, I've I've bumped my head, you know, indulging in opulence before, right? But I'm done with that because it felt so empty for me, you know? Yeah. I'm like, why why do I even buy this car? Like, nobody even see me drive it, you know what I mean? Like, is that I don't even is nobody cares. Like, I'm not trying to be, you know, and I'm not trying to attract people to my ecosystem with things. I want to bring them to the ecosystem with this, with some intellect, right? And because they see me, I talk like them. I walk like them. from the same areas they are, but they see that we can still elevate out of that and, you know, create incredible lives, right? And I'm going to tell you why my life is is so dope, right? Because I got, you know, from the energy that's generated in this little brain right here and then the work that's done, the creativity with me and my partners, you know, we got 30 something people that get good salaries here that help us help lots of people around the world. That's why my life is dope. It ain't no cars. It ain't no the crib. It ain't nothing. It's that it's this kind of stuff, man. I love it. And so, back to like being purpose driven, right? This is in the book, too, right? And and a lot there's sections that's like directly to guys, right? Because I'm not a I'm not a woman. So, but I'm a guy. I could tell a guy like, "Yo, this is what you need to be doing, sir." Like, remove yourself from chasing pleasure and chase purpose. be rooted in purpose and you will find that your purpose will give you great pleasure. Straight up like I all I do and you the same is work. But I love it. I love it. I love it. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah, man. Absolutely, man. It's been a great podcast, guys. I've been dropping the link to the free workshop tomorrow and also the book in the live chat. I'll drop the free workshop again in the live chat. It's also in the caption of this video. If you want to register for that free workshop, make sure you guys click that link. It'll be Mike Rasheed and I tomorrow going in with some incredible wisdom and knowledge that you can implement in your life immediately and begin to see a change and that's tomorrow. It doesn't cost you any money. So, make sure you guys register for that free workshop. I'm gonna drop the link one more time. And I got a couple more questions for you before we get out of here. Mike. Yes, sir. So um the first one is what daily ritual do you personally uh do on you know day-by-day basis to activate the divine god body? Yes sir. Well first and foremost I start my day with what's called faja prayers. My morning prayer right and from there I start getting my myself ready to leave to go to the gym. Um, if my daughter wakes up early enough, I'll make her breakfast, but she she get up like when I'm about leaving the house. Yeah. So, I I go to the gym and uh I walk about four miles for as my cardio. I like walking, right? So, and that's the only time I listen to music is like just walking in the gym and we have a track. So, I do that. I work out. I train. I hit the sauna. And in the sauna, I I do some mindfulness meditation. And then I I try to get some gratitude in at that same session, shower, then I'm here in the office all day. Like literally all day. Um sometime I leave to go film content in other places like gyms or whatever. But I'm typically here working like this is my monitor right here. You can't see it. It's a big old TV. Uh working, taking meetings on calls, stuff like that. And then I leave here usually around this time. Um which on in in Cali is seven, but sometime 8 or 9. And then um uh but during the week I try to get home as early as possible to hang out with my daughter before bed. Um and we she and I we just do all kind of things. She's a very creative person. So she she makes videos with AI and all kind of stuff. So yeah, and she's trying to like you know learn how to make video games, right? Since there's AI tools. But anyway, so that's that's my routine. So I I honor myself and you know that divinity in me by frontloading my my my day with exercise, with prayer, with meditation, all of that early. I pray throughout the day. Um you know, and I work and then I go home. It's a very simple life, right? And I like it like that. I love my structure. I know I was supposed to come out this week, but it's like, man, I just don't want to like break my structure right right now. You know what I mean? Listen, it's okay. We can have that fine time, man. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah. So, so that's really it is no crazy, you know, nothing crazy. Pray, work out, work, family. That's my routine every day. Every day. I love And I knew that, but I want people to hear like it's not any crazy wizardry and, you know, 10,000 crystals and five singing bowls. I mean, you can do that if you like it. That's cool. Yeah. You know, it's cool. But I'm just saying like you can be a person that has a structured life that is still busy that does have a job to work and other obligations and responsibilities and at the same time work in your mindfulness, your your meditation, your prayer, your family time, your quality time and work. Uh, you know, and you can make it happen, which is important for people to understand. You know, I like to say this too, General. I like for y'all don't know, I call Billy the general. This is the general right here. So it's just a respect I respect Billy so much. So uh in the book in the divine quintessence after so the way it's broken down is not chapters but the chapters are I call them books right and then you have a each book and then you have the topic and then verses you know what I mean? So I kind of made like like spiritual texts but it's all practical and every book it gives very uh digestible takeaways that you can go and employ a lot of meditation. I'm big on meditation. So let me explain. Um meditation is not only to be doing when you're sitting and being still right the purpose of meditation is not just to be good at meditating. The purpose of meditation is to train that muscle, right? And I'm going to get into the science of it in a minute, but to train that muscle in the brain that meditation actually works and employ that in your everyday life. Okay? So, what does that mean, Mike Rasheed? It means that when someone is talking to you and giving you some like say they're excited about an achievement or something, it's you keeping your mouth closed and not trying to one up their achievement, right? It's things like if somebody say something that triggers you and kind of stings, not stinging them back, not biting them back, right? It's sitting and sitting and reflecting on why they said that. Understand? You know, and you know, applying this to your everyday life is things like not ever responding with emotion because you're always going to make a bad decision when you do that. You're not thinking proper rationally, right? And when you sit, I always like in our community, I always say take a beat before you say something or respond. You don't even have to respond. Not today, maybe tomorrow. But when you take that beat in between that initial spark and what you want to say, you're going to have a lot of clarity in what's next to do, right? So meditation and specifically mindfulness meditation which I talk about in high degree in the book it gives GPS to your decision making it gives clarity like oh that's I know what to do now I'm going just chill for you know so that's the purpose of of it and you know meditation you know they they study this now in science and they're measuring brain waves and so on and so forth it literally creates new neurons. So, it stimulates neurogenesis and it also increases your threshold of stress, right? You can deal with stress and pain management a lot better. And I can attest to that because whenever I do something that's painful, let's say like an ice bath or when I'm in a sauna for extended periods of time, I can only sit longer if I'm in meditation. Yeah, if I'm in meditation. So, and somebody mentioned breath work. They're absolutely right. So, I'mma show you how you are God. How you are God, right? Breath work is so so so powerful, right? You can literally literally control your blood rate, your your uh your heart rate, right? You can boost your People don't realize this. I'm I'm going to give yall a test, right? Let's talk about hormones in the body. Let's talk about stress or cortisol which controls stress and testosterone, right? That controls confidence and being calm and stuff like that, right? You can stimulate that right now, right? Let's say you're at a job interview, right? Typically, people are stressed out, they're anxious, they're nervous, right? But this is not that's not what you want to do. You want to go into the bathroom, right? This works. They've studied this. It's going to sound crazy, but it works. You stand in the mirror and you just start doing victorious poses, right? Smiling like, "I got this. I got this." Right? You've raised you've the the uh mitigated that stress uh hormone, that cortisol in your body, and you've raised your testosterone level just like that, right? And you're going to go in there, you look different. You're you're moving with confidence. And nobody's no one's comfortable hiring or employing or being connected to a person that doesn't display any confidence. You want competent people on your team, on your squad to be connected with. And that's why, like, look, and that's something that you can do right now. Right now. If you're in a bad mood, you're not feeling good, you got to go in there and talk to people, start smiling right now before you go in there. It's going to make you a little bit happier. Just like that. So, you can manipulate things in your brain. You can manipulate hormones yourself when you understand these things. These are small examples, but once you master these small things, you can start doing bigger things. bigger things. Yeah. Right. And that's God. That's like godly work, right? If you are all the sons and daughters of God, then God is in you, right? So, so we got to act like it, you know? It's a lot of work to get there, but that's the work. It's good work. It's good work. Yeah. It's great work, man. Mike Rasheed, everyone, I've been dropping a link to the book. We had quite a few people say that they bought the book. People are looking to send a copy of the receipt. Just DM Mike Rasheed on IG. Is that good enough, Mike? Yes, sir. And um the Oracle is in here. The Oracle is my I have an oracle, right? Everybody needs an oracle. We will uh use the trigger word Amazon. So, y'all message me or DM me or comment Amazon and we're going to get to you. We gonna get you all all taken care of. And look, I gave her no warning about this, but she's about to make it happen right now because she's that incredible. Shout out to the Oracle. Okay, I'm typing this in the live chat one last time. Yes, sir. They can also DM it there and we're going to get you guys all set up. All right, Mike Rasheed on IG. Yes, sir. All right, Mike, this has been incredible, man. Congratulations on your brand new book. Thank you. This book is incredible, man. Incredible. Billy, I I want to say thank you for this opportunity sharing time and space. Thank you for the opportunity to publish my book. Like, it means a lot to me. Uh, you know, I'm happy to be on your team and, you know, I have no problem being subordinate to someone that I respect and that I trust. So, Oh, man. Salute you, General. Yes, sir. Hey, thank you, man. Appreciate you, man. I feel like we're on the same level, man. It's an honor you gave us the opportunity to publish this book and to be a part of your journey. And I'm telling you people, man, out there, I'm telling y'all, the book is incredible. I felt different levels of enlightenment going through and reading this book because because I'm the publisher, I had to go through the book quite a few times. And uh I'm really glad that we got Shout out to Laura at Winterwolf Publishing for coming through and really helping us get the book formatted and and coming up with, you know, helping with the cover and everything else. She's she's she's amazing. Laura is amazing. Everything she touches goes um bestseller. She's All five of my books became bestsellers because of Laura. And I'm telling you that your book is going to be a bestseller as well. Shout out shout out to Laura because she's not just an editor. She is a spiritually evolved person and awakened person. So once again, it go I gotta give you kudos for having these kind of powerful people on your team. Thank you. Right. So this is wonderful. Yeah. Yeah, man. Everyone listen, uh, thanks for hanging out with us tonight. We had 2,100 people at the highest level in the live chat at one point. We're down to,900, but definitely everyone, please go ahead and uh, click that link, get the book, support uh, Brother Mike Rasheed King on Amazon. Uh, the book is amazing. It's going to help bless a lot of people, give a lot of incredible knowledge that can be applied in your life. And don't forget tomorrow night, the link is in the caption of this video, we'll be on again doing a workshop tomorrow night. So don't forget to register for that. Thanks for hopping on, Mike. Thanks for having me, Billy. All right, man. All right, we're gonna be out of here, but we'll see everybody tomorrow. Man, please. After decades of extensive research on the nature of reality, I have concluded that we exist in a fractal holographic universe. A concept that reaffirms our reality rather than negating it. This modern concept reflects the wisdom of ancient civilizations by providing a scientific way to explain how things are created in our world and the basic code that governs it. The mandelro set is an intriguing pattern that exists within the vast twodimensional area called the complex plane. The Mandler set emerges when a specific