Kind: captions Language: en Test test test. What's good y'all?est test. You can mute yourself. What's good y'all? Oops. I'm on here with my folks. Can you bring it back over here? Can you bring it back over here, please? Yo, this is my first live. This is my first live, y'all. I ain't never went live on here. Yo, y'all want the live the live vibes? We could do it. We could run it. You know what I'm saying? I ain't never did a live on here. How much? What? 16 ounces, my boy. 16 ounces of water in your protein. But actually, it depend on how much how thick you want it or how thin you want it. So, that's totally up to you. The more water you put, the thinner it is if you talking about plant. So, yeah. So, listen y'all. I got a whole thing going on tomorrow. A uh webinar. You got it, James. I want y'all to tap in. I'm doing it with Billy Carson. It's going to be dope. That's my brother. You need PA7, we got you, baby. You got to stock up on like two or three. Don't Don't just do one at a time. All right. life after high school. What's your What's your plans? You got to have a plan. I say this though, don't do the regular thing that everybody else doing, just hanging out and having fun, because this little period of your life is going to be the shortest period of your life. The majority of your life is being an adult with responsibilities. So, use this time now to set yourself up. All right? Set yourself up. You know, I would do nothing but train, study, and build on my foundation. That's what you should be doing. You feel me? So, don't look and learn everything you can about AI. Learn about try to learn a little bit about coding, thoughts on this economy. I think it's fine. I think it's always fine. is is good for if you if you're doing the right things, it's good. If you're not, it's bad. Like, when the economy fluctuates, I honestly don't it doesn't affect me. And everybody that I'm around. So, you got to insulate yourself and become recession proof. That's a thing that you can really do, right? It's not just a slogan. That's real. So, but you know when you just doing all the regular things, the basic things, every fluctuation you will feel in this economy. So, you know, there's a comedian Ricky Jas that I really like. He's hilarious and he was like talking about the recession back when there was a recession and he was like recession have heard of it. He real cocky, but he's right. That's how it should be. Nectar superfood. Yeah, you can get nectar in Vitamin Shop. You can get it in Sprouts. You can get it in uh GNC. Now, excuse me. Or you can get it on Amazon. Or you can get it directly right here from the source. You know what else you can get? I'm I'mma send y'all the link right now. I don't know if you know, but the book is now live. You know that, right? See, see my my homie homies down bought four, five, six, seven books. But some of the homies, they don't even know. They don't know what's going on. Like, I'mma send y'all a link real quick. Hold tight squad. Here y'all go. Oh, damn. That's a long ass link. I hope it don't come through all weird. Did that link come through weird, y'all? Go back to it again. Hold on. Let me let me see. I think I messed something up. Damn. See what See that little arrow where? Right here. Yeah. Okay. All right. Disregard that link. I got another link. I'm a little bit technologically ah challenged. You know what I'm saying? Boom. Here go the link right here. Just pop a link right here. Amazon, baby. I see see to your uncle T over here helping straighten things out. You know what I'm saying? So, listen. What y'all What's up? We got a uh I got a little bit of time right now. Um so, I was actually just testing this out, but I'm here. Y'all here? We might as well shoot a Q&amp;A. So, if y'all want to run it, we can do that. Hold on a second. Okay, y'all. Let's see here. Why is this What's the most beneficial supplement? Um h I think nectar superfoods. That's something that you can take every day. Nectus superfoods is a organ Oh my god, it's a total organ support. Uh go to my YouTube is organ support. Um it's something that everybody needs, you know, whether you train or not. You have a lot of wear and tear in your body, the food that you eat, the pollution, stress, not sleeping good, drinking alcohol, whatever. You got to counterbalance all of these things. And Nectar Superfoods does that. It accelerates your health in a to a great to a great degree, a high degree. So yeah, Nectar Superfoods. Also, I don't know if y'all know anybody know about peptides. Peptides is is Listen, they work. They work. They work for real. I don't follow the the men's physique and all of that stuff. So, you know, I don't have an answer for that, my brother. I don't have an answer. Yo, Peptides is the real deal. Straight up. Listen, I I did peptides twice. I did a healing protocol, BPC57. I did that the first time. That was in 2020 after my bicep surgery. But then recently, I had a a really bad uh shoulder injury. I could not lift my arm like this, right? So, I took what's called the Wolverine stack. So, that's BPC 157 and that's uh TB500. Listen, I promise you at two weeks I'm back to normal. I'm training everything. It didn't even slow me down. So, I swear by peptides. Peace and prosperity to you too, my brother. I swear by peptides. It's the real deal. So, um doing some work with a company called Sunot Peptides, matter of fact. And you know, I'm going be talking about it a lot in the near future. Okay. So, you leave it here, I guess. So, let me see how it look blown up. How we make this big? Hold on a second. The best training split. I don't know. We can try it over here, too. Let's test it. See, let's see what what we looking over here. Y'all got to be pardon me because we testing some stuff out cuz we got a uh you know some lives and podcasts and whatnot to shoot remote. Peptides are not peeds. But you know what's a peed? PED is just is a buzz word. Like you got to really understand what that means. Getting ample sleep is a performance enhancement. You know what I'm saying? Uh everything that you do can enhance your performance. So what are we really talking about? We talking about illegal PEDs? No, peptides are not illegal. Nah, not over there. We come back over here. Larry Hoover. Yo, you know Trump just pardoned Larry Hoover. He trying to like I be trying to not like him. He be making it hard. You know what I'm saying? I don't know if I'mma have uh Hydroglyph on. That's way better on on um Tik Tok. Tik Tok is just a it's just a mess over there. We got it on Amazon. We got it on our site. You know, Amazon, you get it the next day. So, you know, I don't trust nothing on Tik Tok. Tik Tok seem like the dollar store. I appre Yes, sir. All right. You out here? Appreciate you. These ain't shades, though. These are my prescription glasses. You know what I'm saying? My shades out there. I don't know about hailing Trump. I don't know about all of that, but you know, I'm not mad at him freeing the OG. You know, you said I understand why, but I got to ask. I got mine. We're trying to to sell it. Oh, we might be Oh, the book dropping right now. I put the link in here earlier. Bada boom. Bada bing. Right. That's the link right there. The Amazon link. Let me pin it. Let me see if I can pin it. Uh, I can't pin it, which is weird. Look at this person. All that money get a hair transplant. Here's the thing. I have a full head of hair, right? I just like my hair short. And if I and if I didn't have a full head of hair, I just let it go ball. I would not get a hair transplant. That's crazy. And why do you care about what I do with my hair anyway, brother? It's crazy. Canelo Crawford. I got Crawford. Who you got? Dumbbells and kettle bells. Dumbbells. We always put out new flavors of Nectar. You got to stay stay linked in. Stay tapped in. Stay tapped all the way in. You said John Doe. We met at Your name is not Jonathan Doe. Jonathan Dose. met at uh SNA. That's what's up. Remis, you know what's up. You know what's up. Not get a hair transplant, but inject steroids. Man, what are you talking about? What this guy talking about? Yo, Victorious. Yo, that was my homie right there. Yes, sir. Do you have a semen retention book? No. Listen, I don't care what y'all do in closed doors, if you masturbate or not. I have no I'm not writing a book about that. That's that's, you know, that's to each their own. Okay. Some people have problems and they have issues. Just like, you know, when when people go to AA, I I think that's good. If you have a problem, go address it. Go address it. But I never had a problem with sex or too much masturbation to where I need to be semen retention. I think that's when you kind of overboard on some kind of in some kind of capacity and you you you experience some kind of extreme on one side and you're trying to counterbalance it with a whole another extreme. So, you know, but listen, do what you feel is necessary, you know. Peace God, peace to the gods. Uh, somebody asked about Big Mike. Big Mike is solid. Um, CT is solid. No. Did he do you master debate? First of all, no. Second of all, why would you want to ask me something like that? Let's get something straight, y'all. Let's Let's really men, let's be men. You know what I'm saying? Let's be men. I'mma tell you something that men don't really do is talk about masturbation to each other. It's not It's not the vibe. Right? If we gonna talk, we gonna build, we gonna sit in council, let's talk about ideas. Let's talk about ideas. Let's talk about things that enhances life, right? Let's talk about concepts, right? Let's talk about things going on in society, in the world, right? In in your world, right? I don't like talking about certain things because I think they are low level, you know, and that's just not something that I deal with. I don't I don't sit around talking about these things. I think it's it's awkward and it's and it's odd and I think it's bizarre to want to talk about those things. So yeah, Mike L, I like your name, brother. L, you know what's up. Do you know Do you know what L means? Mike L, let's talk about it. Power. Wait, what? What I meant was the power of the essence. I wasn't trying to make it sound weird. All right. Understood, sir. Understood. Strawberry Planta. Trump's Golden Dome. Really? Skynet? I don't know what that means. Skynet. Like, you got a He needs a hairet. You know what I'm saying? Yo, Trump is an interesting guy. Elon is an interesting guy, too. Y'all like Elon Musk? Kevin, I appreciate you, brother. It's coming soon. I think the second people start getting books which is I think this weekend or Monday or two or Friday or something like that. Y'all any Trump fans? Any Elon fans? I don't really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with Elon. You know what I'm saying? I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with Elon. Elon be on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Was interesting. Y'all remember when um Dave Chappelle, he was uh doing his thing at the Hollywood Bowl and somebody tried to stab him? Yeah, I was there and we was with Elon. This is weird. It was me, one of my close friends, Bahar Diddy, and Elon Musk. We was in the same [Music] box. Who's in the same box? It was interesting. And then look, Diddy and and Elon are homies. They went to Diddy's house after that. And when Diddy get arrested, you see Elon on on on TV throwing shade at him. You know what I'm saying? I think that's low. Let me tell y'all something. I'mma tell y'all something for real. When you got friends, when you got homies that you're down with, that you you rock with, if they're going through stuff, do not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on them. That makes you look like a very pathetic. You know what I mean? So you stand by your people when they going through things, right? And listen, if the if the political climate is hot, whatever, it's a lot of stake, just stay quiet. But don't ever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on your friends. I don't care. I'mma stand by my friends when they going through it. I I don't care about politics, none of that. I'mma stand right next matter of fact, when my people be going through stuff, we become closer. I'm like, "What's up? Let's go. Let's go." I got a friend named uh Joey Firestone out in Miami and me and him we've been solid for a long time. Um and at the time we we're cool. We were just friends but at some stuff had happened to where he was losing his company. He was getting snaked right by another mutual associate of ours. So that's when me and him became like this because I got closer to him to try to help him navigate through that situation because that's what real loyalty and that's what real friendship is about. That's real brotherhood. You understand? Exactly. You your real friendship is not only when it's convenient. Come on. Real friendship. Listen, I'mma tell you something. I'm going give you some some jewels. You have people that come around when you when it's popping, right? You got bottle service, you got whatever, whatever, right? They want to be around. That is not a real reflection of friendship. A real reflection of friendship is simple things like when you got to move. You know what I'm saying? When you lost your job, right, and they there. Real friendship, real brotherhood is somebody being a friend when it's not convenient. That's real friendship. That's real. And I want y'all to be the type of people that you're excited to help your people when it's it's is they're in need. You understand what I'm saying? So, no one is your friend. That's not true. I got good friends in this world. So, you know, you might need to audit your circle and your community, but there's some good people out there. You know what I mean? So, yeah. What else? What y'all want? What y'all want to build on? I ain't never did the lives on YouTube, so this is interesting. Let's do uh we could do a topic. Sabrina Kane is the oracle. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, you don't throw nothing in people face. That's that's just that's gay. That's gay. Can I say gay? I don't care. I'mma say it. Whenever every time I say gay or call somebody the f word, it was never to a homosexual. So, let's get that clear. All right. Best core exercise suggestions for getting back. Wait, what happened? Damn. The I don't I didn't see the rest of your message, my brother. Oh, back in the gym after hiatus, my brother. Stop. Don't take hiatuses. Don't take hiatuses. You know what I mean, John Doe. No, this is my thing. Act like you broke and you'll see who your real friends are for real. Act like you don't got nothing to offer financially. You'll see who them friends are. You feel me? Yes, sir. Act like you ain't got it. See who sticks around, right? Cuz people, a lot of times, people only around for what they can get from you, right? And then you have these other fake friends that like I'mma tell y'all about associate of mine. This person came around me when I first moved out here like you know advice whatever trying to be down and I did a lot for this person. Looked out. I always look out for people. I'm a I'm a protector. I'm a provider. I always got the homies. And I would give him game game. And with me I'mma give you real game. I'm not gonna I'm not going to like cuddle you. I'm be like, if you if you're not right and exact, you're not on point, I'm going to let you know. If you're not doing what you need to do to get to advance yourself and we're in the same vicinity, you're in my circle, I'm going to let you know. We're going to talk about it, right? That's real help. So, and I was like that with this guy all the time. And then you know some stuff happened like you know life goes on and you know cat start getting weird and um you know somebody from my past he was trying to fendle with and they told me and I'm like that's bizarre. So I never said nothing to this guy. To this day he doesn't even know I know. But it's so funny because he's always trying to check my temperature to see feel me out. You know what I'm saying? And sometimes I respond, sometimes I don't. You know, I just hear him out. And he's just a, you know, it's some fake people, man. And it's like I don't say nothing on intentionally just to see how long this person is going to like act. Just be phony, right? But listen, Shakespeare said, "A coward dies a thousand deaths. A hero dies but once." I'm a hero, right? Because when I die, it's a wrap. Cow. A coward dies all the time. And let me tell you what I mean about that. A coward is the type of person that don't like you, hate you, despise you, right? But never said it to you. But when they see you, they shaking your hand. Oh, what's up? What's up? I love those. I was like, "Oh, this is a coward." I had another uh uh encounter with a guy in the fitness industry, big name, and um we was in UK, he was in London, and I had heard through the great wine, he was like, you know, whatever. So, I don't really care. Listen, if somebody don't say it to me, it doesn't it doesn't exist, right? However, I went I we was all in London at an event. Well, not London. We was in Birmingham, UK at an event called Body Power. So, I seen him and I seen he was with his little crew, his guys. And he's like a a tough guy, right? So, I went over there. It was me and my one of my peoples. I like, "Yo, what's up, bro? What up? What up? What's up, Mike?" We chopped it up. We had a we had a good old time just just just hanging out, right? building, right? And he had nothing to talk to me about. You know what I'm saying? He had nothing to address. You feel me? And he that was a moment where he died where his friends cuz I know his cuz he's the leader of his crew. I know they all peeped it out. You know what I'm saying? And they're like, "Damn, he ain't even say nothing. He be talking all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about Mike. He ain't said nothing. He was just putty." Like, we had a good conversation. We wrapped, right? It was dope. Right. So yeah, that was funny. That was a that was the day that he died. And when I say he died is because he had to go and look at himself in the mirror when he got home and be like, "Damn, I went out like a buster." You know what I'm saying? So don't ever ever be that person. It's all right to not talk to people that you don't like. It don't have to be beef. It don't got to be fights. It don't got to be all of that, but just like, "Nah, I'm cool." People I don't like try to shake my hand like, "Nah, bro. We ain't doing that. Get up out of here." Actually, I do have a tactic for that. Right. When people try to uh shake my hand and we don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with each other, I'll grab this is my left hand. I grab their hand, their right hand with my left hand and I grab them right here. I just squeeze their fingers. It makes them feel real emasculated. Uh Justin said, "I knock everybody out." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look, that was a that was a fun day. You know what I'm saying? You know, it is what it is. That was and I see things that make me look aggressive, but I'm never aggressive towards people. You know, it was an issue between me and somebody and we was going to talk about it. Uh he said he wanted to talk about it, but when we were all in in proximity, it was weird. There's people all around me like, "Hey, Mike, Mike, stop calm down touching me." I'm like, "Yo, stop touching me." Don't you hate it when people say, "Uh, calm down when you're calm." Right? So, I'm like, "Yo, stop touching me. stop touching me. Then I said, "Look, if I'mma knock everybody out the next time somebody touched me. How about that? I'm knocking everybody out." You know what I'm saying? But somebody was was filming it, so it looked like I'm being a bully. But it's just me there and it's all of them. You know what I'm saying? So I don't like being touched. I'm not touching you. Don't touch me. You know what I mean? Don't tell somebody to calm down. Like y'all calm down. Ain't that funny? Like dudes are so such cowards, right? See, this is why like the internet is a strange place because people are tough on the internet, right? And they're used to that. They're not used to physical confrontation. See, in my world, people watch their mouth because it was always a possibility of you running into this person and then it can be some some bull, right? And you got to think, man, wars in the streets, they be stupid. It be like generations of killing and violence over words, and that's stupid. You know what I mean? So that's why I just stay stay out stay in my lane. I stay out the way because people be t Look when I used to when I was in the first few years of of all of this fitness stuff. I have a friend Big Y Tony, right? Big Tonyy's a cop. You know what I'm saying? But I would make sure I'm like, "Yo, you come with me to these events because I might put hands on somebody and I need my alibi. I need my cop homie saying like, "Oh no, he was not being aggressive." You know what I'm saying? But those that's back in the day. I'm not I'm nothing like that. I I ain't fighting nobody unless there's a big old check in front of me. You know what I'm saying? Or unless I have to defend somebody, but you know, we're never really in those kind of situations and people know the vibes anyway. So, I don't carry myself in a way to where people feel like in person at least that they can violate me or anybody that I'm with. So, that's not even an issue, you know? But I'm not on them kind of vibes at all. You know what I mean? I'm on peace. I'm on some peace vibes, you feel me? Somebody want me to get in the ring, you got to check. And just because you got to check don't mean I'm get in the ring. So, you know, that's not my that's not my motivation. Money is not my motivation, y'all. Straight up. Money is not my motivation. So, question for y'all. Did y'all get an alert saying that I was live? Is that how that went? I don't even know how the live stuff go, you know. How did that Did y'all get an alert? And also, yo, they be suppressing my content cuz I bet y'all don't even know I be posting content no more, right? If I have a million and a half subscribers, let's say 10% get an alert. Let's say 20% get an alert and half of them click on it for a second, right? That's a 100,000 people. There's no reason why every video should not be that. Yeah. It's something weird. Y'all do this. Y'all on my channel, hit the the bell icon so that y'all get alerts cuz look, I be holding back on content because it's like ain't nobody going to see it. You know what I'm saying? And I be saving it saving it for my like my community. You feel me? Yo, it's my brother's it's my homie's birthday. Uh, Simeon Panda. So, when we get off the stream, y'all make sure y'all go and and run him a happy birthday. Tell him Mike. Say happy birthday. Hey, what do you say? Uh, you seem like the type of dude that I turn naughty predicament into a funny ass story. Yeah. Listen, life is short, so you know, I'm trying to enjoy mine. I don't know about y'all. I know y'all see me as this super serious person, you know, and I am, but people that know me as in the circle, I'm a jokester. I'm a prankster. Uh, his name is Tobati Sean. That's my brother. He in the next next office over there. Okay, Terren, you got the notification. That's what's up. What's your opinion on movies that show men in embarrassing situations that get you clowned and how you handle those situations in real life? Uh, I don't like movies like that. I don't like Tyler Perry movies because they make specifically they make black men look bad. Every Tyler Perry movie, black men are like scumbags. I'm like, I'm good on that. I'm good. Music? Nah, not really. Kind of, but you know, my son do music and he's fire. Elijah Elijah King, he's fire. His his music is incredible. Like he produced and he's an artist. So, you know, if if I do anything in music, it be to get behind him and help push him. You know, I've had my run. Can be embarrassing moment in general. What do you mean? Uh, have I been in embarrassing moments in public? Not really. Maybe when I was younger, my mom, like my mom used to like lose it on me sometimes. I'm like, "Dang it. Dang, mommy, you got to slap me outside in front of these people." But no, I don't really find myself in any embarrassing situations, you know. I can't think of any. If you got some examples that you've been through, let me hear. Let me hear. Mid40s, tall. What? What is this? What does that mean? Great. What are you talking about? What does that ring on your finger represent? This the Nation of Islam, the Nation of God and Earth. Universal flag. So you got a se a six point star. You got a moon. Crush a moon. You got a seven. So yeah. Should I wait to get Q in the mail or launch our pocket? Oh, that's my brother right there. Great. Um, wait and get it. Wait, wait to get it. You're going to have it very soon, brother. Um, wait and get it because I want you to have it so you can have some Well, no, it's it's going to be live. Yeah, you go ahead and launch it now, bro. Launch it now. Launch it now. Yeah. And send me the link so we can we can push it. Struggling with 200 200 what? Push-ups, 200 on the bench, 200 squat. What we talking about? What we talking about? Yo, E, I appreciate you, brother. And Dan, thank you. Want to thank you for making the nectar powder. It helped me reverse my health issues in a few weeks. Yo, gratitude, brother. Listen, nectar is the real deal, right? I get my blood work done twice a year, right? And I stay on my nectar and I it keeps me super like all my levels are good. Well, it ain't just nectar. I do all of the things, right? I restrict my my caloric intake. I train. I try my best to get ample sleep and I don't stress. What would you tell your 20 yearear-old self knowing what you know now regarding dealing with finances and people? Damn, that's a loaded question, brother. It's a loaded question. Greg, you Travis, you'll have the book by next week, so that's all good. That's a loaded question, bro. Best way to build legs when you have knee pain. Well, first and foremost, you need to identify why you have knee knee pains, right? You need to figure that out because you know that is not you don't want to be training on a bad uh knee, you know, but you want to figure that out so you can get it fixed because a lot of times people have little nagging injuries. They won't get it dealt with and then it gets worse and later on it may become excuse me too messed up for you to really fix it. Hey Oracle, here's Nectar right here. superfoods. It's like I think it's one of my most important products. Uh John Doe, come on, man. I think you just being silly now. And if you hate yourself, that's unfortunate. You know, Lil King. Lil King, if you talking about Elijah, he's not little no more. He's like 6'2. He taller than me. So, and he's and he's heavy on his his lifting game. He's heavy on his his book game, his knowledge game. And he's, you know, he's a good solid man. He's, you know, I'm very proud. He, you don't realize, even though he's still young, I'm very proud of him. I'm proud of who he is thus far. He's just a solid individual, you know. Uh, Edward Peptides, I'm all with it. I'm all with the Peptide Vibes. We actually, you know, I'm doing some stuff with Peptides. Uh, it's called Sunot Peptides, right? Uh, we'll be we'll be live next week, actually. So, you know. Um. All right. If this person's a troll, we're gonna put put them in timeout. I like that they got timeout on here. Uh, somebody asked [Music] me, "What advice have do you have for a black man that has a weak and timid mindset due to being poorly endowed?" I'm sorry, I don't have any experience in that space, so I don't know. Should a should men seek love from a woman or respect? I say respect. I say respect. I'm not I'm not a I'm not I'm not emotional emotionally driven. And I and you know in my perspective, love is a decision. You know, I don't think men should be chasing love and all of that kind of stuff. You have to be very practical with your decisions when you are deciding who's going to be your woman. Uh because feelings, they change, you know. So, you got to be grounded, very, very, very solidly grounded. Um, when you're dealing with a woman because when you're not, when it is love and feelings and all that stuff, that's when dudes be in domestic violence situations, you know what I mean? They can't manage their emotions. And women are very powerful, you know, and when you can't, it's not going the way that you want it to go, right? A lot of times a man can't intellectually dominate a woman some some guys. So they do what they can do and be they can do it with force physical you know that's a that's not a real way of controlling anybody is weak but that happens you know um people are not a lot of times people get into relationships and they are not ready they're not ready you know so fellas listen I would just work on self for as long as possible building that foundation properly before and And you build yourself up. You build up your your material wealth. You build up your metaphysical wealth. You build up your intellectual wealth. You build up your body. You build up all of these things. And then when you're ready, then you can pick and choose who you want. Because I'm going to tell you right now, that's exactly how I live my life. I choose who I want. I've chosen who I wanted. Right? It's not like whatever I can get, you know? So that's how you want it and that's not about feelings. You know what I mean? That's that is a practical for me. Love and marriage is rational and practical. Wai. That's for me. I'm not saying everybody has to be like that, but that's if you're going to ask me, I'm going to tell you that's that's the vibe for a man. You know, somebody asked me about my father. Me and my father like this. It's my guy still. What is it? What the woman who wants you? I don't know what that means, sir. You have to restructure and re and format your question properly. Tank of Shakur. Tank. That's my guy. Ain't nobody messing with Tank. You know what I'm saying? Sorry. Nobody's getting with Tank. John Doe. I'm not a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Come on, man. You playing. Let's go ahead and put him on. Put him in a corner with the dun hat. Uh, no problem. Talent. Talent. Full talent. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Ed, what's your question, brother? They got They moving kind of fast. So, run it back and I I'll answer you as long as it's not ridiculous. All right, let's see here. But big shout out to Dan, man. Like that was dope. Uh Christopher Dorner, I don't know who that is. Uh let's see. What should I do to become a kingdom man? If you had to give me any advice, what would you give me? Listen, like I said earlier, just work on yourself. You know, listen fellas, study, right? I'm always trying to learn and that's what you should do. Make yourself valuable. What does that mean? There's a lot of talk on the internet about high value man and it's like that's trash. A valuable person is people that you're valuable to, right? So make yourself resourceful, okay, and productive, right? That's how you become important to people, okay? Life is all transactional, you know? It is what it is. We are successful as a human species because we we we partner with each other. We coexist. We we can we can bond with somebody and do life together and life is better doing it with somebody. Partnerships uh uh platonic and romantic, whatever, right? Life is better with other people. So, you got to be uh important to people. You got to have um the oracle in here. She's very important to me, right? She brings so much value to the business, but it's not a business thing because she really believes in the movement that we're working on, the sacred society. And that's the type of person that I want to be tethered to and growing and scaling a thing. Now, see, I've been in a space for a long time and I've, you know, made lots of money and I've helped other people make lots of money. And I've gotten to the point to where I don't want to help people that I don't feel is deserving of my gifts of when the money start coming from the tree, I just want the right people to to be the beneficiary of it. And somebody like the oracle, right, is very much so worthy, you know, and deserving. And that's, you know, and it's way more than just the skill set. It's like the quality of human being. You know, she's a mother. She's a good friend. She's a good person, right? So that's who I want. And believes in the movement, what we're working on. You understand what I'm saying? And that's like that's nation business. That's what we call nation business. That's God's work. And that's what I'm here for, y'all. I'm here. I have a a divine duty. You understand? I got purpose. So, anybody that's going to help me uh complete these objectives is family, is squad, and I got you. So, that's that's the kind of life that you want to live, y'all. A purposeful purposeful purpose driven life, fellas. Do not be one of the guys that be chasing pleasure. That's very feminine. You chase purpose, meaning, you understand? All right. So now I said I need that Arabic hoodie. Sacred7.io. Listen y'all. Y'all with these porn questions. What's really going on with y'all? What is going on? What are you talking about? I don't talk about these things. This is bizarre. All right. Anyway, all right homie with the super chat. He said, [Music] um, "Want to say thank you for helping create the right mindset for our company, Tomb Tumbaras Clubhouse, doggy daycare and dental clinic in the DR." That's what's up, brother. Funny story. Like, yo, my family from the DR and I ain't never been, you know what I mean? So, that's dope. Doggy daycare, man. I miss my doggy. Doggy. You got me saying doggy. That's what's up. Let's see. Do you think it's cowardly to press charges against a female that physically assaults you? No. That's crazy. A woman assault me, she going to jail. You know what I'm saying? I'm sorry. I ain't with none of that drama stuff. You know what I'm saying? I a none of that. I had a girl back in 1819, got crazy with me. I closed myself in the bathroom and I like, "Yo, I'm calling 911. You know, calm me down and get up out of my spot. I'm not with them gangs. I'll call a cop." You know what I'm saying? Straight up. That is not cowardly. Y'all got to get that out your mind because if you hit her back, you're in big trouble. You know what I'm saying? And nobody should hit anybody. But somebody sucked me upside my head and just catch me. I might just react. You know what I'm saying? So, I'm not with none of that. I stay away from all of that. But no, it'll be wise for you to call the police. Even if it's not to press charges, just to make a report like, hey, this person is making me uncomfortable. That way, it's documented. You know what I mean? Cuz one thing you do not want to do is be like, you get arrested and then explaining to people like, I mean, I ain't hit her. I was trying to move her and but you got a case. When Cass be trying to explain [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that to me, I'm like, I just can't. I'm like, all right, bro. You're not my kind of You're not my tribe. You know what I'm saying? You're not my tribe. Marcus, how I get so cool? I don't know, man. Ask my my pops. Ask my mom's. You know what I mean? I don't know. I don't even think I'm that cool. All right, y'all. I'm probably about to hop off in a minute. I got a podcast I'm doing with Billy Carson in about an hour. And then tomorrow, Billy Carson and I, we're doing a live webinar in my community. Um, Oracle, can you put the link in there for the people? For anybody in here that want to want to participate participate in what we got going on tomorrow. Tomorrow we're going to be I'm going to be teaching very specific lessons out of the divine contestants out of my book, my compendium, right? My ancient scrolls, right? my ancient but you know futuristic and modern cosmic intelligence, cosmic wisdom. My podcast is Civil Mind Savage Body. You guys should know that. But it's on hiatus right now because I'm trying to figure out what's going on with this with my YouTube channel. Even this is crazy. This 106 people, we got a million. We got over a million almost two million people like only 106 you know what I mean? So yeah. You ever are you ever too old to join a fight gym? What's a fight gym? What does that mean? To learn how to fight? No. You're never too old to learn how to fight. And all men should know how to fight. Everybody should be dangerous. That's the purpose. Tavon, you find pleasure in being uh purposeful. Okay. That's the vibes. That's the vibrations you want to be vibing on for a for a n uh Demar I'm not sure how to say your name brother but no join you should join bro everybody should join man it it's look it's it's a it's fun learning how to fight right and it's it enhances your co your confidence when you just walking walking them the streets and you know that you can handle yours you're not worried about nothing you're not timid ever that that's the vibration that you want to vibrate on. You know what I mean? You should learn how to fight. Don't feel no worry about your age, you [Music] know? All right, y'all. I'm about to hop off. Hold on. What is this? Oh, can you Hold on a second. I'mma give y'all a link. Hopefully, this works. Give me one second. I'mma give y a link for tomorrow for an event live 6 o'clock Pacific time. If this doesn't work um I'll tell y'all how to get it. Give me one second. Let me uh get it on my email real quick. Momento port. All right. Boom. Spanish. All right, y'all. If y'all want to participate tomorrow, I got you. All right, let's see if this [Music] uh this works right here. Uh I don't know if you can click it, but listen. Go to my go to go to Instagram. Do two things I want you to do. One, go wish my brother Sime and Panda a happy birthday. That's the homie. Tell him I sent you. And two, go to like any post of mine and and comment. Go to the most, you know, I posted Muhammad Ali not long ago and comment power and you'll get sent a invite. All right, you about to buy the book. I appreciate you. Matter of fact, this week the people that buy the book, they getting one month free membership to my my mentorship program, Sacred Society. All right. So, y'all will have that opportunity to do that tomorrow once we live. So, uh that link I just posted it. Somebody found it. I'm about to hop off. I appreciate y'all. I'll do this again real soon. All right. All right y'all. Peace.