Kind: captions Language: en Exactly, man. You know, [clears throat] Sister Kim, appreciate you for joining in. And a lot of times, well, and if you never had opportunity to have a one-on-one session with Mike, please do so. You know, please do do so. Have a The meeting is being live stream. Okay. U have opportunity to have that one- on-one with him. And he'll say this often. It's not here to motivate you. It's to enlighten you and to put you in the right position so that you can be the best version of yourself. Some things he say hurts people's feelings, but look, I'm one of them. He he can call me out a few times. I'm like, I love it because I [clears throat] want to be better, right? So, if you never had opportunity to have a one-on-one session with brother Mike, please do so. All right. So, let's set the tone for today. What I like to do, what we like to do is we want to clear our heads, clear our minds, and clear our bodies to prepare ourselves for today's debriefing. Went from a lecture to a debriefing. And we like to do that by doing taking some intentional deep breaths. Okay, the number seven is on my head right now. So, I'm going to go with it. Alhamdulillah. We're going to go with number seven. So, we're going to take seven intentional breaths. And what I want you guys to do is to relax your mind. Relax your body. If you can put yourself in a position to where you don't have to hold your phone, if your feet are flat on the floor floor, even better if you can rest your hands. Right? So, what we're going to do is we're going to take seven breaths. Okay? On those last two breaths, I want us to be very intentional and I want you to tell God, tell Allah whatever it is that you want to receive from this particular debriefing and lecture and talk tonight. Okay, if y'all with me, drop 17 in the chat right quick. If y'all ready, drop 17 in the chat right quick. Awesome. Darian, I just appreciate y'all very very much. Also, uh I see a few people have their uh cameras off. If you're at work or doing something like that, that's cool. But brother Mike does love it when we can see everybody. So if you could turn your cameras on. There you go. Sister Rhonda, how you going now turn your camera on? But if you could turn your camera on, it makes us feel Hey, brother. I want to make sure I pronounce your name correctly. Is it Reys? &gt;&gt; It's Reese. &gt;&gt; Reys. Got you, brother. &gt;&gt; Yeah, nice to meet you. &gt;&gt; Same here, brother. My apologies if I get your name wrong, brother. &gt;&gt; Uh, brother Darren, thank you very much. That brother Mike loves it when we can see everybody because we want to feel like a family. This is a community, y'all. Like I don't again I don't know if you just got around but we really be talking. We share personal information with each other but it's all for the edification of God first and then for us to be better versions of ourselves right so let's set the tone let's intentionally do some deep breathing to calm our nervous system down cuz look I don't know if y'all notice I could talk forever [laughter] but I have to calm myself down a lot. I practice this often, which is why I said, man, let's start breathing before because our brains are still going from the workday, from the kids, from the job, from the money, from social media. But when we get here, it's a sacred moment. We need to calm down. Like, let's just relax and allow oursel to breathe and be [clears throat] present. Okay? All right. So, y'all follow me? Relax your mind. Close your eyes if you feel so feel led to do so. Let's take our first deep breath. Inhale. and exhale. Inhale and exhale. Inhale, then exhale. Inhale. Then exhale. Inhale. Exhale. The next two breaths I want you to set your intention. You tell God, tell Allah, tell the universe exactly what it is you want to receive today, right here and right now. Deep breath in. Hold it. Exhale out. Last one. Let's be very, very intentional. Deep breath in. Exhale up. Nice and peace. Now that we can calm my nervous system down, we're preparing. We are prepared to receive this dope lecture, man. And uh did who was um was anybody watched last week's lecture? If you did watch last week's lecture, drop on seven in the chat right quick. If you were actually there and present, I couldn't be. I was working at the time. Uh, while brother Mike's getting ready. Sister Rhonda, can you give us a 15 second recap on what last week's lecture and debriefing done for you? If you can unmute your mic, if you can, let me know if you can. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I have to read from my notes. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, you took notes. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; I did. I did. Wow. &gt;&gt; Give you about 15 to 20 seconds to tell me what last week's lecture was about and how it moves. You &gt;&gt; talked about sound frequency, [clears throat] &gt;&gt; divine read my words. Okay. Divine frequency when transmuting the Quran, &gt;&gt; interpretation of the Quran. Um, Arabic is in a foreign language. tap [clears throat] into the frequency our ancestors grew up on. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Colonial interference. &gt;&gt; Awesome. How did that &gt;&gt; coherence? &gt;&gt; Gotcha. How how did that resonate with you? &gt;&gt; It was different. I I've I've never thought of, you know, never looked at frequency that way. Um but it was yeah it was &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; it's interesting you know just to know that you know &gt;&gt; a lot of different frequencies can they it's so many different type of frequencies you think it's just one but no it's more it's more than just one &gt;&gt; absolutely and it's great &gt;&gt; frequency is important so &gt;&gt; right and this is something that I've learned and you know obviously we never stop learning we're always growing no matter what brother Ma brother Dorian good to see y'all uh we never stop learning never stop growing and this is something that keeps us humble and close to God, right? Because you don't know everything. And that's what brother Mike is doing here with SSL is keeping us a closer to God so be better versions of ourselves. Uh, brother Elijah, was you there last week? &gt;&gt; Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah. Thank you, sister Ron. Appreciate that. And so that's the thing. It's &gt;&gt; constantly reminding us of who we are. And make sure you come on, mute your microphones. Thank you. Appreciate you, brother. Um, keeping us closer to God. I know brother might going to say this again, but I don't know who else in here is Muslim. I'm a new Muslim, right? I I've just recently reverted. So, I'm still learning. But I'm telling you, it's something that brings you closer to Allah, closer to yourself. Because one thing I was struggling with which made me revert is structure. Okay? And when I tell y'all like one of the most disciplined, structured people I know is our mentor, Brother Mike. Dude is super. I mean, y'all you see the videos, you hear him talk, stuff he's saying and doing, he's super structured, man. It's like in one one of our one-on-one sessions, he was like, "Brother Rick, low hanging fruit." And I'm going to tell you tell you all this before he gets on. Just pay attention to the low hanging fruit. It's not that complicated. Right? So, in today's lecture, make sure your mind and your body's prepared. Let's receive. Let's stay uh nice and friendly in the chat and let's learn something today, y'all. Let's build. Peace, brother. Mike is all yours. Peace, brother Ricky. I appreciate you, sir. It's my guy. Uh, what's up, Darien, Dorian, Rhonda, Kim, Elijah, Johnny, Sherica. Oh, Sherica, that's the homie. What's up, everybody in here? Um, for those of you who are new, um, who are guests, welcome. Um, we are I'm happy to share time and space with y'all. I'm actually honored. I don't care if it was two people in here. I'd be honored that anybody care to, you know, sit sit still for a few minutes and, you know, listen to what my crazy ass got to say, right? But everything that I say and I talk about, I do it with the best of intentions. So, I just want y'all to know that I do um you know, it is what it is, man. Like, I I love God. You know, I'm I'm a man of faith. So, we do start with prayer and we do it in the the Arabic language because that was how Allah revealed the Quran to, you know, our beloved prophet peace be upon him. So, if y'all could just bear with me. Um, and and keep in mind y'all, there's no Christian God or Muslim God. It's just one God. That's what Allah means. It means one God. That's it. Okay? [clears throat] It means one God. It's pointing at one. Not a God. The God. That's all it means. Okay. So, la, excuse me, y'all. Bear with me with my pronunciation, you know. Alhamdulillah. [groaning] I mean, and I would translate In the name of Allah the beneficent, the most merciful. All praises are due to Allah the beneficent, the most merciful. Indeed, we have granted you an abundant goodness. My mind is going blank. Anyway, I gave y'all fat. So today, today, some of y'all who's been here already, y'all heard this before to a degree, but y'all did not take heed to what I was talking about. Everybody else, I'm about to give y'all some real game, some real wisdom. Okay? What I'm going to give y'all today is something that you'll be able to take with you immediately, apply it to your life, right? It's very practical and it will yield you results beyond measure. Okay? In seven different domains of your life. I'm going to get into it. But first, there's something very specific that I do every debrief. We used to call these lectures, but we like to call them debriefs. Now, what I like to do is uh do a an intellectual exercise called word alchemy. Okay, &gt;&gt; just &gt;&gt; this is important. &gt;&gt; Brothers, &gt;&gt; yo, mute your mics. Mute your mics, please. Thank you, brother. This is very important. &gt;&gt; Word alchemy is taking words, right? Instead of just saying everything, you're defining each word and breaking it down. That way, you have mastery over the your language, the words that you're using. Now, of course, we have limited time right here right now. So, I'm not going to break down every single word, but each each night that we do this, I have a a theme or a title. So, that's what we will break down. Okay? Now, the night tonight, this is the declaration of truth. see some of the alumni, y'all know what I'm talking about. But I'mma get on y'all ass tonight because I know I know a lot of y'all ain't apply this principle or this this strategy. Now, listen y'all pay attention to the whole all night. All right. Um, and let me let me be clear about something. What I'm giving y'all tonight is an actual blueprint. Is an actual architecture. Listen to me. All right. A blueprint is very important. You ain't building no house without no blueprint. [clears throat] However, if the blueprint is just sitting in the drawer, you ain't building a house then either. Okay? You need the daily structure. You need the accountability. You need to go through the refinement process. Right? This is what separates people who write down a blueprint or a declaration from the people who actually live it. All right. Keep that in mind as we move on through this. All right. Now, the declaration of truth, three words. Each word carries weight. Each word has been corrupted as well. So now tonight each word shall be restored. So let us begin. Declaration from the Latin word declare. It mean well d is a prefix. It means down from or away. Clare means to make clear to illuminate. Right? So declare is to bring down clarity. All right? to pull what is vague into light. Y'all follow me? Y'all good? Is to make what's invisible, make it visible. It's to state something with authority. A listen, a declaration is not a want, is not a wish. A wish is soft. That's passive. That's hoping. We don't do that. We live in reality. We make it happen. We declare. Declare is hard. A declare or a declaration is active and is certain. Think about America or any nation when they declare their independence. They not they not I hope for independence. Can we have it? No, no, no, no. They declare it. They take it. All right. They state it as a fact. They write it down. They sign it and then they defend it with their lives. That's the power of declaration. Y'all good? Y'all holding that? That's heavy. It gets heavier. The next word of. Of not only fans of. All right. Of is a preposition indicating possession or relationship or origin. Okay. It connects the act to the essence. So therefore, a declaration is never empty. Okay? It is of something tonight. The declaration that we walking away with, it is of truth. Y'all good? Next. Truth from the old English word t oath meaning fidelity, faith, loyalty. Truth is not an opinion. It's not a I think. It's not a I feel. It's not a preference. Truth is what remains when all the lies are burnt away. All right? Truth is alignment with reality. That's it. And reality is what the universe imposes. All right? Reality is reality is reality and that's it. Okay? The laws of physics, that's the truth. The laws of consequence, that's the truth. The character that you or I build, that is the truth. The body you've trained or neglected is the truth. Truth is evidence. You feel me? Truth. There's no negotiating truth. There's no debating truth. Okay? The truth, it simply is. That's it. &gt;&gt; That's it. Now, asalam alalayikum khalik synthesis. We bringing this all together. The declaration of truth. The declaration of truth. All right. This is the act of bringing down clarity around what is real to you. It's a written statement of your alignment with reality. Is the blueprint that you sign before you build. This is necessary. is the coordinates you enter before you navigate. Or you could look at it as an operating system for your computer before you run a program. All right? We are not you are not none of you are not after tonight wishing for a life. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. You are declaring one. It listen how I see life. Please excuse my my language right now. But I make life my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's mine. Mine. What I want to do with it, when I want to do with it, how I want to do it. Because you know what? We're going to die one day. We're going to die one day. And then I should have Man, I wish I No. No. Inshallah, when I'm when I'm being washed and wrapped, being placed back in the earth, there's no regret. He did it all. Damn. That was a busy guy. He did this this this this. Yes. All right. You have to declare and live life ferociously. You don't have to. You can do whatever you want. However, I think it's it serves you best when you live on 10. Right? When you declare with brutal clarity, when your intentions are set, when you're consistent, that's when reality start reorganizing itself around the things that you write. with this exercise that we're gonna learn tonight. The declaration of truth. Let's define this all with with laser beam precision like a surgeon. All right. The declaration of truth is a written comprehensive firsterson statement of your intended reality across all the domains of life that's important to you. All right? And we going to get into everyone. Let me tell you what it's not. It's not a journal entry. It's not a vision board. It's not a list of my goals. Nah, it's the architectural blueprint of your life written down in present tense as if it's already happening cuz it has to be, right? Well, Mike Rasheed, why? Why in the present tense? I'mma tell you, it's very practical. The subconscious mind, this is a fact, too. The subconscious mind does not distinguish between imagination or reality. In the mind is both real if it's vivid. All right? You do not write anything like I want to make $50,000 a month. Trash. You write I am building the system that generates $50,000 a month. I am creating offers. I am serving my clients and my customers at a high level and I'm execut I'm executing daily revenue generating activities. Right? That ain't hope. That ain't hope. That ain't wish. Right? That ain't want. That's doing it. You're not going to write down I just [clears throat] I I just want to be healthier. No, you write down I am training 5 days a week, eating 200 gram of protein, sleeping, getting all my sleep in, doing my steps, my my my cardio, right? I'm building towards single digit body fat. That's the difference here is like you're certain, you're you're sure of yourself. Okay, the declaration, it covers these domains what we're working on tonight. Now, y'all can add feel free to add whatever you want. Take out whatever you want. It doesn't matter. But I'm what I'm presenting to you is what has been working for me. Okay? So you will have financial vision and purpose. You state your income. You state the target and why. Okay? The why will ground that target in meaning. Because money for no reason is not really a thing. Okay? It's noisy. It's not solid. that is not grounded. It's not that important. The the next uh domain is very very important is family and community intentions. The people you're around, right? You declare what you're building for the people you love. You state the environment that you are creating and you name the legacy. The next will be your health, your physical mastery, right? The goals that you have for yourself. You're going to define, be very specific and define your body composition, right? Your training frequency, your nutrition protocols, you name it. And you treat the body as infrastructure and not decoration. Everything has to be deeply rooted and anchored in something meaningful. Okay. Next will be your relationship commitments. You name the people that is important to you. You name who matters. You write their names down in your declaration. You state how you're going to show up for them. You identify where ego has blocked you from better connections. And you declare its removal. Do not ever blame nobody on your relationships or any kind of shortcoming. I don't care if they're violating you. Stop being around them. It's never their fault. It's always your fault. It's always your fault. It's always your fault. Whatever hardship you're dealing with with anybody, it is your fault. That's radical accountability. We have to embrace that. Okay. Next, the most important is your spiritual practice in your personal growth. You declare your relationship with Allah. You state your prayer consistently. You define your growth path and you build your faith and your character. All right, that's very important. And also we have to identify our business goals and our legacy building. Very important. I don't need the world don't need a bunch of spiritual people that's broke. That's not the vibrations. It doesn't go I don't know why people think that's the thing. That's not the thing. All right. Now, there's a mindset that we do reject that, you know, is is typically aligned with people who have a lot, right? We want to massacre that mindset, but we're not massacring us having means. Okay? We need we need the we need the money like anyone else, but we're not we're not beholden to it. We're beholden to Allah, to God. All right? Now, we're also going to go over communication and your influence development, your your ability to lead, your ability to walk in a room and be the gravity in that room to where the attention is on you if you want it to be or off of you if you want it to be. Right? We're going to go go through all of that. You will be declaring how your voice will evolve, how you're going to stay. Look, think about it y'all. You're getting to create yourself or recreate yourself. And that's what life's about. It's not the vibration to go through life on whatever settings that you were set 20 years ago. You reset is as much as you need to. Okay? If you're intentional about it, you will become that person. You walk into those shoes. But you got to you got to spell it out. You have to have a target of who you are to be and who you desire to be. Okay? Look, this person, man of steel. That's what I'm talking about. That's a man of steel. You feel me? All right. So, you're gonna commit to clarity, to power, and truth in speech. This is important. All right. And finally, gratitude. This is so important because a lot of what we've talked about and what we're going to go through is about you. You, and the things that you desire, desire, desire. You will never get to the things that you desire when you show appreciation and love and and and whatnot for the things that you have because you all have a lot right now. For real. Y'all are very very well off in this world. A few weeks back I asked in the chat who feel like they poor. And one brother raised his hand. I said, "Why? What makes you poor?" He says, "Well, I only make 75,000 a year." Like like bro, hold up. 75,000. You making more than most people in the world. Okay. The average median income in America is 35,000. Wow. You making double that, my guy. And you don't live in LA in expensive New York or Miami. You feel me? So what happens is people start looking at everybody else on social media, looking at these fake lives that people is putting in your face. That's not reality. is not the vibration. Okay? And also here's another thing too. This is something that I learned through trial and error. When you start attaining, you should not know what people have, right? I it took me a long time to really for that really to make sense because I come from not having nothing, right? So the moment I got money, I wanted everybody to know like I got this, I got this, I got this. In reality, I look stupid. I look stupid because my big homies, my mentors were watching from afar. Like he could have invested that into this into this into that. You see what I'm saying? Just like I can see now my little homies. I'm like, "Okay, that's cool." Right? People are spending an exorbitant amount of money on things to impress a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who don't care. It doesn't even matter. Listen, brother. Reese Reese Shelton. Brother, check this out. It don't matter what kind of car you got. It It It so don't matter. You feel me? It just so don't matter. It ultra don't matter. I don't know how to emphasize that how it don't matter to nobody else. Whatever anybody has, it means nothing to nobody anybody else, right? Unless it's your wife or your kids, your family, right? Nobody's going home at night thinking about what anybody in here got or is doing. Ain't got, do, have, nobody's doing that. So, we got to get out of our mind this comparison stuff, right? Because that's what happens with social media. This is why I I just don't really subscribe to social media like that. It's so toxic. It's so unhealthy. And a lot of people have a unhealthy addiction to it because listen, trauma hits the same pleasure uh sensors in the brain just like you know things that make us happy. So everybody a lot of people I know y'all probably tapped into the ICE stuff, the the Venezuela, the Maduro and you're arguing with people. Why? It's like I see people that I know business people who ain't in politics or nothing and they they making whole posts. I'm like, why is he That's not helping you do anything. It's just keeping you angry. You pissing off more people and then you think it's, oh, I'm standing on my truth. No, you standing on you're being manipulated. That's what it is, right? Cuz they putting what they want to put on these these broadcasts to invoke certain feelings and emotions and people falling for it. So, I don't participate in any of that foolishness, but we need to be in a place of healing, right? And this is what the intent of the sacred society is, especially our our platform, right? The SSL. That's a place I want. We still look, we're in the trenches, still working on refining it, y'all. We trying to put it to put the the right sauce together to where the same kind of addiction you may have for Insta or Snap or whatever you you choose, you want to have for Sacred, but it's a healing place. It's not damaging you. Cuz I'm telling you right now, all this time y'all spend on Instagram or whatever is damaging you. It's not It's not It's overwhelmingly negative uh uh content. Overwhelmingly, right? I don't listen. I can show y'all my explore page. First of all, I'm not on there much at all. I can show you my my explore page is nothing like watches and Islamic stuff and some workout stuff. But then there's this new thing where you swipe this way online. It's just pornography. It's girls running to bounce their breasts. Like it's really inappropriate filth that I don't appreciate. I don't engage in content like that. Why is it on my this little secondary feed that they got right now? You see what I'm saying? And I talk about God and all these things on my I don't talk about negative things, but they're putting that on on my feed. So, I can imagine what's on everybody else's feed. You see what I'm saying? And and I see the the the viral content is all bad. It's negative stuff, right? So, this is not a healthy place. Social media, I'm just letting y'all know. You don't realize it because it's so satisfying, right? The scroll, the scroll, the scroll, the like, the this, the little little back and forth on the comment. Uh you say you got you think you got off on somebody like you said something slick to them, right? It's not. It's not the vibes, y'all. It doesn't help you in any capacity at all. Okay. Uh anyway, so let's let's get back to this, right? This declaration because this is very important. Now, each domain that we're going to write down that y'all going to write down, right? You have to write it with vivid detail. You must this is your life, right? So, you don't want to be vague about this, right? You don't want to be abstract. You have to be concrete, measurable, and visual. Okay? So you don't say things like I want a house this year. No, you say I am building a 15,000 square foot home with high ceilings, natural lighting, flooring in every room, right? A view of the water, guest quarters for the family. You have to be that kind of specific. All right? The mind cannot build what the mind cannot see. So the declaration is you giving yourself a target. Is giving your mind something to see. Now, I'mma uh I need to break down the actual workings and the mechanism inside of this practice because this is all practical and it's all scientific, y'all. As y'all know, I'm a Muslim. I don't think anybody don't know that, right? And the reason that I'm a Muslim because it's my it's my it just is what it is. However, some of the practical reasons because Islam is so mathematic and scientific. it. We are obligated to study. We're obligated to learn, right? So, that just works out for me because I like learning. Now, you apply science to everything in life cuz that is science and mathematics is is God's language. That's how he communicates to us. Right? Now, your brain, let's get into the framework of this what I'm talking about because it's very scientific and it's learning. Our brains operate on a system called the reticular activating system or the RA. All right? So it's a filter between your conscious awareness and just the infinite data stream into our systems every second every day. Right? So without any RA right a a filtering system you will be overwhelmed with just this unnatural amount of of of data that we're getting every day that we see every day right so the I'm going call it for easy math it only shows you what it thinks matters to you okay so what matters to you it depends on what you focus on That make sense? Y'all follow me? Yeah. Yeah. You shake your head. I can see y. Okay. All right. Cool. Now, think about it. You buy a new car or you're interested in a new car, start seeing the car everywhere. Man, I ain't never seen that until now. All right. It's like a phenomenon. But this is how the human body works. It's a our brains are is just such magnificent pieces of technology. That car was always there, right? But now your RA, it's tuned into it now, right? So now you will notice it every time once you declared it. This is my car. The filter adjusted. All right. So the declaration of truth will program your all right. So you're going to write this thing down. You're going to write this thing down in detail and then you're going to read it every day, every morning. Look, out of 66 people in here right now, I'mma say like only 15 of y'all going to write out a a declaration. And out of that 15, maybe half will read it every day, but only for like a week. And then most will fall off, which is crazy because this is for you. This has nothing This doesn't help. Your declaration doesn't help me, right? It don't put money in my pocket. It don't boost my ego. It is nothing for me. But as your brother and your servant, it isn't I have to share wisdom with y'all that I know is beneficial and that's what I'm doing. So I hope y'all take heed cuz I do mine. All right. And my life is pretty good. Is pretty good. All right. Now check it out. your RA is going to start scanning for opportunities, for resources, people, information, anything that is aligned with your declared reality. Okay, this is this is crazy. It's like it's like a it's your assistant, okay? In a very powerful capacity, you're going to start noticing what you need and you stop noticing what don't serve you. Okay? This ain't like this is not what was it the the secret. is not none of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It is not math. This is neuroscience. Very practical. It's hot in here. All right. So now it's scientific, it's neuroscience, is biological. But now we have to layer in some Islamic principle. Okay? We have what's called naya. That's intention. Everything that we do, we have to apply intention towards doing it. Okay. The prophet Muhammad peace be upon him said actions are judged by intentions. Intentions are not casual. You can't be casual when you set intentions. When you set intentions, you're you're locked in. That's the compass. You have direction. Now, if your intentions are unclear, your actions are all over the place. Everything seem like a good idea, right? If your intentions are pure and they're focused, your actions are aligned and everything makes sense. It's like, yeah, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that worked out for him or her, right? So, the declaration of truth is the written crystallization of your na. Okay? You're not we not hoping for anything. We not doing none of that. Okay? So, you're setting the intention with precision and you're anchoring it with with your will and with clarity. All right? your soul. When you pair all of that together, intentions, action, tawaku, that's trust in Allah, yo, everything, reality will bend towards you and for you. The declaration is a blueprint. The daily review is the ritual and then your aligned action is the construction of that blueprint. Right? This is listen Allah only changes the condition of a people when they change the condition of their heart. Okay? You got to look the path will be laid out before you. It's being laid out right now. But you have to set your intention and do the things. It ain't going nobody's going to do it for you. I I hope y'all know that, right? Y'all know that it's not just going to come to you. That's not That's like a child. That's like a child, the tooth fairy or some some fantasy. That's not reality. Okay. Everything is practical. There's a I know a couple people in here that are multi-millionaires, right? I know the pro we all use the same process, same system. Okay. Now I need to every every week y'all I try to keep this thing very similar to where I diagnose a condition right a disease a social disease a mental disease a spiritual disease right the modern world what we are all succumb to to a degree is drowning in vague desire people want money but what does that mean right? How much do you want and for what purpose? When do you want it? I've had so many interactions with people over the years doing events and you know they just want to talk, they want to build. So they ask me things like well I I just want to like you know some advice on starting my brand. I'll be like okay tell me about it. They'd be like what what you mean? Like I want to start my brand. I said what's your brand? They have not even taken the time to think of they'll watch somebody like me or Simeon Panda, somebody Brandon Carter. I want that life. That's dope, right? Damn, he got they got beautiful wives and you know what I'm saying? Fire, nice car, whatever. They want the life, right? They working out all the time. So, it seems so so they don't understand that like, okay, being in shape is cool. It's a bait. It brings people to the door, right? is aspirational because everybody can be in better shape. But then what? Right? What kind of what brings them, you know, okay, let's say being in shape brings you to the door? You still got to open the door and get them in, right? It's conversion factors and things of that nature, right? And then they got to sit down and like what you're talking about or have you may you may need to have products that they can use, right? These people don't even think about that. They think I get in shape, I look good, I look cool, and then I just get a gang of money. People, adults, normal people think like this because they don't set intentions. That is a disease that diagnosed that I just gave how our society is vague. Is vague as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know what? What I don't like I don't know how to say this properly, but I don't like medium, if that makes sense. I don't like vaguess. Like if I'm in a gym, the music got to be off or loud. I don't like this medium. Nah, I don't like nothing that's vague, unclear, right? It's just weird. It's like something ain't right. This ain't normal. Get this up out of my face. Right. Luke warm. Thank you. I don't like lukewarm. Burn it or freeze it. You feel me? So that's what people's minds how people's mindsets are. Why? Their reticular activating system is not aligned on anything because everything looks great. They just they like everything. Easily pleased, easily amused. No, we have to be we have to not be like that, y'all. We have to be very You should always be your own type of person and you move by the beat of your own drum, right? I think it's so bizarre that people think weird people are weird. This is going to be a weird statement right now. I think it's crazy to think that somebody who's different is weird. I think it's weird to want to be just like everybody else. That's weird. That's strange. I don't get that. Right. So anyway, but we have that. And if you break out of that, you start thinking different and seeing things different. Now people do want they do want I I I do believe that people want better lives and and you know more money and and good health but what does that mean when you listen this is you know I wrote this I came up with this declaration thing so you know how I think so and it's and I do it because I encounter people all the time so I have these questions all the time I want to be in better shape okay what does that mean for you what does that mean for just better, look better. Okay. So, then I have to tell them and and I do I I sincerely will give them what I think would be ideal for them cuz you know it is what it is, you know, but y'all need to be y'all need to be the kind of people having these ideas and thoughts and writing these things out for yourselves. Okay. Now, relationships is another one. Well, with whom, right? a strong relationship, what does that mean to you, right? What are you willing to sacrifice for it? You understand? Relationship ain't it ain't all about you. In a relationship, you got to start you got to think about, you know what, I want to share space with this person. I I'm into this person. Let me ask questions. Is this okay? No. You like that? This that. Take notes. Do all of the things right. You have to be intentional about everything you do. Okay. Now, what people are doing, they don't they just don't set intentions. They're going through life like medium people, lukewarm, right? Vague desires will produce a vague result every day of the week, twice on Sundays, right? Or no results at all. How about that? That's that's more of a reality for a lot of people. Now, you know what this tonight is for? Y'all got to be honest with yourselves. If anybody in here, and look, lying to me, it does. I don't It's you. You're lying to yourself. You can't lie to yourself. If you in the same place right now that you was in last year, you need to really pay attention to what I'm talking about tonight. I'm going to tell yall like this. My declaration of truth last year, very voluminous. Very voluminous. The most important things on it, I achieved. I achieved. Look, very voluminous, right? Y'all heard all of the vectors that I mentioned, family, health, money, business, relationship, yada yada. The best ones I've achieved, I won. 2025 was mine, right? 2026 going to be mine, too. I'm not in the same place I was in last year. And people like me, it would make sense for people like me to be cool with where they at because I'm in a, you know, I'm in a good place, right? But nah, I got I got more goals, right? And you know, I'm just not with the entropy thing at all. So anyway, if anybody in here, if you in a you know, you ain't got to say raise your hand or nothing. you know, inside inside your mind and your heart, if you making the same money that you was making last year, if if the relationship ain't that much better, people ain't really respecting you better than they were last year. Listen, all the things I hit, the most important things I hit, I'm not smarter than y'all. I'm not better than y'all, but I do the things. Look, you know, as Allah be my witness and my lady be my witness. All I do is work on productive things. I'm handling business at all times. I was in here earlier. Now, I'm observing everybody while I'm working, right? So, a couple of the guys are in here and one is waiting on me to film. So, he don't have nothing to do until I'm ready. And I told him, I said, "I'm not going to film today because I need to get all of this done, right?" So, I'm handling stuff. I'm I'm just paying attention to him. They're going there looking at videos with each other. I'm like, "Guys, it's like you are in close proximity to a absolute winner in life. Why don't you do what I'm doing? What I It's baffling to me." But that's okay. Keep looking at Tik Tok. Y'all are grown men. Y'all are adults with families. Okay, that's cool, you know. So anyway, we got to get out of this vagueness, y'all. We got to be very intentional about life. Okay? The universe, reality, whatever you want to call it, does not respond to vague. And being vague with people is annoying. Nobody likes that. People will be nice to you, but that's it's annoying. It's like, man, get your boring ass. Who is this guy? You know what I'm saying? What do you want? Say it. Speak up. Right. Anyway, the the universe responds to precise snipers to to clear signals. You ever try to listen to a video of somebody and the audio is bad? I don't care what it look like. You like, man, turn this off. Like, what this is this the message can be great. We need clear signals. You have a clear signal by being intentional and meticulously articulating your declaration of your truth of your life or your reality. That way you align your actions and your thoughts and everything to that so you moving with that kind of clarity, that kind of precision. They they just get out your way or what's needed is going to come to you. That's how it is. Signal requires clarity. Most people they broadcasting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like noise, right? So here's what happen when you don't have a written declaration. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. You wake up with no aim, right? You you know you reacting to the world. You ain't creating the world. You're reacting to the world, right? You scrolling. You're consuming information. Food. alcohol, whatever. Uh uh shitty relationships, whatever. You're just taking it all in. You're non-stop distracted, right? A a a day of being blurred turns into weeks, that turn into month, then your year's gone like that. Then you're getting drunk again on New Year's Eve. Y'all, you know what I'm saying? At the end of the year, you're like, "Dang, man. Time is flying. Where did [clears throat] time go?" with nothing racked up for the year, nothing tangible that you can say, "Oh, well, what did I do?" Bap bop bop. You don't have none of that. It stops this year. The smart ones is is getting it tonight. The smart ones is clicking right now as we speak. And listen y'all, my brother Darien R, listen. Do not take this as motivation. Take this as real wisdom. [clears throat] Real applicable wisdom. Listen, don't be fired up tonight and then that's it. This ain't church. This ain't a motivational speech. I don't do motivation, nothing. Because motivation is just a feeling. And feelings are not real. They come and go. All right? I'm giving actual blueprint, actual practical tactics that work. Take it. It's free. take it and apply it. I just want to see y'all. I want to look back and like, "Yo, Mike, I did that." You know what I'm saying? Like, "Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. I know this works." All right. Now, without a target, this is what happens when you don't have a target. When you haven't articulated your pl your p plan and your path and is not deeply rooted in anything, everything seems like a good idea. Everything looks good to you, right? You know, you're not solid. You are blowing whichever direction the wind goes. [snorts] Not the vibrations. Not the vibrations you want to be vi vibrating on. I'm going tell you right now, okay? Everything is not reasonable. You know, when you ain't got no plan, every opportunity looks like the opportunity. You need to be turning down opportunity. Like, nah, not that's not that's not going to serve me. I need to put all my energy over here. I need to turn this, this, and this off and just focus on this and that. You feel me? That's when you know. And those who know, they know. Without a plan, this is not the that's not the energy. All right? You need standards. Because when you don't when you don't have See, some of y'all probably bumping your head with people. It's like, why? Cuz you don't got standards. Cuz when you don't got standards, anybody can you let anybody on, you know, you sit in counsel with anybody. That should not be the vibration. Okay. That's the reality or the disease of a a drifting person. A person who has no foundation that they have set for themselves. Right? A drifter is busy but they're not progressing. They're not progressing. All right. If this is stinging anybody, good. Good. That is a signal. That is a message to you that it's time to let let me let me let me adjust. let me adjust. Cuz time is not is not waiting on nobody. It ain't waiting on your excuse, your depression. Like, it doesn't care about none of that. Okay? It's a killer right behind you that's going to pass you up who ain't even as smart as you. Okay? You going to have all the things you want, right? Anyway, it it gets worse. People who are like that, who are drifting, they kind of think they they they vibe like, "Oh, I can do this." Right? You know what I'm saying? They think they think they being flexible. I go with the flow. No, you're not going with the flow. You're flowing with the goat. Like, whichever way is going, you have to go that way. All right? You have to be able to stop down, stop life, wherever you need it to go. Stop uh projections and turn and go this way and go that way. bring people with you. Okay? But first, it's going to be alone, just you by yourself. And that's okay. It has to be like that for a while. All right? Following the flow that you didn't create or help create is following entropy. Entropy only flows in one direction and that's down. All right. Now, let's identify the symptoms in this disease. You're always dissatisfied. You might achieve something and feel nothing. Well, you achieve something, but it's like you wasn't even locked in on that. You wasn't clear on what you wanted in the first place. That makes a difference. You might have decision fatigue, right? Every choice feels so hard because you ain't got a filter. So, it's difficult and you have no standard. You have no declared path to measure decisions against this or that. You don't know what to do, right? And then you like, man, I got imposttor syndrome. You feel like a fraud cuz you operating without a clear identity. You don't have to do that. You don't know who you declaring yourself to be, right? You're not creating your avatar, your character, right? So you doubt everything that you do, every boat you step into, and you're inconsistent. You just fade off anything, everything, because you have no declared commitment to return to when motivation drops. And I told y'all, you cannot depend on motivation because it will fade. It's gradient. It's not solid. Okay? Then you have envy because you're comparing yourself to others and you you haven't defined what it is to win for yourself. See, when your target is unclear, everybody's like everybody's wins, it feel like you're losing. And that's that's not the vibration. And we can go deeper on that like on the envy stuff. My brother Khalik right here, we was talking the other day. We we had a really solid build. two hours I think or hour and I don't know heavy heavy mentals and I was telling her brother like there's nothing wrong with jealousy and envy it's just a message it's just a signal what what do you mean if you feel that feeling or emotion of jealousy or envy that person just lets you know they're signaling that they have something that you desire that you don't have. So what makes envy weird is if you start hating on that person like man [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no no no no no no no if the person is a hopefully that person is a person of character if you're have some kind of envy for them get close to them bro how' you how'd you pull that off like that's crazy that's fire I would love to learn yada yada yada look I like watches right a few years ago I wanted to get in the watch business but I was like What? What? What? It's like no money in it for real, right? But there's people that's doing it. It's killing. I'm like, h how? So, it's a brother at my gym. He He's the guy. He's the watch plug, right? Inventory ridiculous. So, we chopping it up one day and I'm like, "Brother, how can I learn from you? Like, I would love to learn from you." You know what I'm saying? No, I don't want to spend that kind of money on these watches. I like them, though. Oh, bro, I can teach you. I can show you the ropes. I got a text from the brother from today. He said, "Brother, note, I have no problem guiding you." Thank you. I'm not above that. I'm older than him. You know what I'm saying? Don't matter. You don't know where your teachers can be. But you have to park your ego. The navs, right? Because that does not serve you. The navs and the ego have you too good for anything and anybody. You don't you can't nobody tell you nothing. And okay, that's cool. But you know you're going to be in a lonely isolated place not learning anything not ever growing. Okay. So if you have you you get signal with that like you ain't got this you ain't got that and you desire those things you get close to those who have it or can teach you and you learn from them. Simple. All right. These are not character flaws. Everything I'm talking about the in the diagnosis of this is not flaws. Right? They're errors in your navigation. Okay, you you're trying to build a house without a blueprint and that's going to be raggedy. It's not it's not even going to happen. You can't even start, right? You're trying to drive to a destination with no map, with no GPS where you go where you're going. You're just going to guess. You going to guess to get there, right? You're trying to run code without writing the program first. It's like, where are you where you going to put this? Y'all probably get on claw like, write me a code for a app or whatever. Okay, now what? No foundation. People do our research. Let's put this, write it all out. This culture, I always say, I've been say this every week, divorce yourself from this American culture, right? It has trained you to believe that you can manifest whatever you want with feelings. I think it's so bizarre that that book did so well. The secret manifest. I went to that church. They have a church out here. It's actually fire. I ain't going to lie. It's called I don't know what it's called. Agape. That's what it's called. You remember the brother with the dreadlocks from the movie? Yeah. It was He's the the guy. I'm like, "Yo, this is crazy. They have the full concert for the choir." Like a concert, right? This is what I didn't like. All right, everybody stand up and hug your neighbor. Like, nah, get off. Get Stop. Get off of me. It was too namaste. I can't do the namaste. I don't want to hug nobody. get away from me. But nah, I can't. It's fascinating to me, but it makes sense that that went crazy and people made so much those people made so much money off of that secret movement manifest. You know why? Because they're praying on people's ignorance and they're praying on people's desire to get everything easy. think that book went viral and made so much money because the message is, oh, all you got to do is think about what you want. Keep thinking about it and you get it. I'm not going to ever tell you no crap like that cuz that ain't true. Keep thinking that if you want. And I'm also not going to tell people that's how you get rich and sell a book to get that's that's just foul, right? What I'm telling you is yes, you have to think about things and then you have to write it down and then you have to align your decisions and your actions with what you have written down every day. And then when you wake up tomorrow, you do the same thing. You read it again to remind yourself and and realign yourself and keep your reticular activating system very strong and powerful and active. Right? Fall asleep next day, do it again. Boom. Right? That is how you get all the things that you wrote down. I ain't going to say one. You get the things you wrote down. All right? You are all machines. You're systems. So, you have to have a system to acquire the things that you desire in your world. Okay? They get this stuff out of your mind that you know the positive thoughts brings you what you want or just believing right that's required that's part of it right but the other half is structure belief without a blueprint is just you being a dulu did I say that right the dulu &gt;&gt; delusional okay because that's just fantasy when you You got a vision but you're not documenting documenting it. It just kind of fades, right? It fades. You don't write them ideas down, it's gone. It just flees, right? A desire without declaration is not the vibration. Now, the declaration of truth, this is a a thing. It bridges that gap. What [clears throat] the It takes a formless a formless abstract brilliant idea, right? And it gives it form. It makes that which is not visible visible. Declaration, right? Once it's visible, you can build toward it. Now, like I said, most people will hear this teaching. They're going to get inspired. You might even write out a declaration this week and then this happens and that happens and this goes and that goes and then you forget. The declaration sits in your Google Drive or your Google Docs or your notes in your phone. Never open it again. Why? Because you don't have any external accountability. That's the cheat code. No annoying train uh uh uh person like me telling you, "Hey, you got your I know I know my crew is is they get bummed out with me. I'll be like, "Hey, you wrote your declaration. Read it to me. Read it to me." And they don't got it right. I'm like, "Oh, okay." I I get I get that disappointed look that I'mma give you that. You know what I'm saying? It's for your benefit, you know? So, with without the the accountability, you don't have a community holding the standard. Like this year, everybody in our community and SSL, I'mma be asking y'all on a regular. And I want y'all to be asking each other on a regular, how's your how's your declaration going? You got it? How anything? You not you knocking anything off the list yet? Like, where you at with it? We're going to be very intentional about that. Look, my goal is for people in our community to thrive. I don't want people in just to be there, right? So, I'm going to be extra annoying holding everybody accountable. It is what it is. Cuz before I would keep the the you know, we have different tiers and I'll keep them accountable, but I'm going to do it for everybody. It is what it is. All right. So if without that community holding is no standard is no real calibration. It ain't on your mind. It ain't on top of your mind. You know what I mean? And that's the difference between just having some information and having a real trans transformation. This is what we going to do. I'mma sip this water real quick. Hold on. You want to think about I'm going to give y'all a prescription now. So I gave y'all I diagnosed the disease, gave the symptoms. cuz I'm going to get a fix prescription. All right, you write your declaration of truth. Okay, you going to write it. You ain't going to write it tomorrow. Nah, you going to write it tonight. Okay, this is the antidote to just drifting into oblivion to the void of mediumess. Mediumess. That's my I'm I'm a uh what is it called? Trademark the mediumess. All right. [clears throat] This is the antidote to all of that. The firewall against your your financial, your relationship, your spiritual, your physical entropy. We we ain't doing none of that. This is the operating system that will run your life, right? I'mma prove it to y'all. I'mma I'mma give y'all I'mma give y'all some receipts tonight. I'm not going to give you bank receipts because that's kind of like bragging. That's That's kind of arrogant. I'mma give y'all I'mma give y'all some receipts that's even more compelling than that, though. I'm I'm going to give you receipts tonight. Give me Give me a second. Now, let me explain how this declaration works. First, when you write it out, you are crystallizing your thoughts. You're making the thoughts real. Okay? Everybody has brilliant ideas, but who's crystallizing it? Who's articulating? If you do that, then you're putting yourself in position to to to live it out, to uh express that brilliance. If you don't, it's just a thought, right? So when it when a thought comes into your brain, it's fluid, right? It's shapeless and quite frankly is weak. But when you write it down, it solidifies. It's there. So when you write these thoughts and ideas out, you're forcing precision. Okay? It ain't going to stay in your mind forever. You can't write vague. That's weird, right? You must choose words. You must define terms. That process of choosing it brings in clarity. Okay? Being specific is how you activate that ra that reticular activating system. All right? When you write, I am executing uh daily actions to build a business so I could bring in a quarter of a million dollars every month. Your brain knows what it's looking for now. Okay? It's scanning for opportunities and it'll move you towards that level of income if that's what you put up here and you wrote down. Right? And this is a beautiful thing too. It filters out distractions that don't serve that target. So, when you write, cuz I wrote this last year, $250,000 per month, your brain knows what to look for. It scans for opportunities. Like, it's going to make it happen. Okay. The third repet uh repetition program is the subconscious is so so powerful. There's whole books on the subconscious mind. I've been reading about this since high school. All right. You read your declaration every morning. Every morning. Or don't. Cuz maybe that's not important to you. Maybe your your business, your family, your relationships, your own personal confidence and and power of influence, your your wealth, your God. Maybe none of that's important to you. So go to go to Instagram every day, though. I bet y'all do that, but you ain't reading your declaration every day or praying every day, which is crazy. I'm giving y'all real game right now. And once you hear it, you can't act like you didn't hear it. Okay? That's on y'all. Now, every day the same words, the same vision, the same identity. It might be difficult to do for the first 30 days, but after that f that that 30-day mark, your subconscious mind will accept that as truth, right? And no, you're not fooling yourself. You have trained yourself to believe in the possibility and you will act accordingly. It's a system. The fourth thing is the declaration creates accountability. You have it written out right here. If you can't be Look, we're here to hold you accountable, but you got to hold yourself accountable like for real. For real. Like for real. I can't express how important that is, y'all. Cuz everybody ain't going to be around all the time. All right. So when you declaring I am 5 days a week I'm hitting the gym and you skip three, you feel me? That's dissonance. It's misalignment. Your actions ain't matching your your declaration or your words. So your word ain't solid. Is that the kind of person you want to be? I don't think so. Right. Without a written standard, you don't have a measure. So it don't matter. It's no mirror, no reference point to count against. So you don't have standards, fellas, ladies, fellas. You can't be walking through life without no standards. Telling you right now, you cannot be moving through life without standards. All right. Now, the fifth. The bigger the target, the more descriptive that you make your information, the easier it is to hit. It's just an easy target. You see it clear as day. All right, it might sound counterintuitive, but think about it. A small target is vague. It's undefined. You can miss that. You're going to miss that and nobody even notices. But a big target, vivid, crystal clear. You know exactly where you are in relation to it at all times. You can see it. All right? You see it out the side of your eye, right? it it's going to command your attention and it's going to organize your day because you're aligning your decision your and your actions to that declaration every morning because you're reading it every morning. Right? All right. So, it's going to filter your decisions. It just puts you where you need to be. This is why I tell you to write in vivid detail. This is for you. Don't I just want a house? That's not it. You need to write down the exact square footage, the neighborhood, the view, right? Write down how it feels when you walk out the door. Write down how you feel when you're driving into your gated community and them gates like you going to take your phone out every time and just just record the gates opening. I used to do that. Wai. Okay. That feeling is locked in. Okay. The more detail you include, the bigger the target becomes in your mind, the easier it becomes to navigate towards it. And that's what we want. Six, the why. That's very important because why gives meaning to the things that you're doing and it makes it you add a sense of urgency when you add a Y. So, you got to make these things work. All right. Now, every declaration has to have a Y. So, back to the 250 a month, 250 thou, right? Why? Oh, so I can retire my parents and build their dream home and you know, all of the all of the things that really is a vibe that ain't got nothing to do with you. Okay, this is the anchor and this is when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the motivation. Excuse my language, y'all. The why remains because the motivation will fade. Ain't that right, Manny? It's my guy right there. It's my brother right there. So money when you don't have meaning attached to your money is hollow. You get it, you lose it. You're going to it is what it is, right? You don't got the meaning of train attached to your training, you're being vain. It's vanity, right? Why? The why will keep you tethered to what matters when the work gets hard. So it ain't it ain't ever hard. All right. Seventh is the declaration. And it activates your fear in Allah to right your plan your work you declare you execute and then you release the outcome to Allah. The declaration is you tying the camel. It's a parable. The daily review is you t like really tending to that knot and making sure ain't nobody going to take your camel. The action is you walking the path and the result is in the hands of the one who controls it all. So now you're not moving through life with anxiety. You're sure of things. You're confident. You're not worried, right? You're none of us is responsible for our outcomes. We're just responsible for our inputs. Okay? Remember that. So when you know that you're doing the things, you're doing your part and you can rest in toaku. Brother Ricky, put that in the chat. The towak. I want them to read about that. The declaration is not a guarantee, right? But it is a commitment. It's a commitment of clarity, intention, alignment. And when you commit, when you really commit reality, everything will reorganize itself around you. You going to feel like, man, my world is like great, you know, and you didn't wish this. You declared it and you moved accordingly. Now, I give you the protocols. These are not suggestions. These are instructions. Okay? I'm a big bro today. These are instructions. All right? This is a systematic method for you writing your declaration of truth. This is how you architect your intended reality across all of life's domain with sniperlike precision, poetic clarity, microche type power. I just throw that in there. How do you do it? You're going to open a blank document. You're going to write declaration of truth. You're going to date it for today because y'all need to do this tonight. Right? This is Don't be casual about this. Make this serious. Make this important. This is your ceremony. and begin with the opening declaration. This is not don't use my name but this is how I start mine. I Michael Rasheed King declare all that I stay here is true. I affirm these declarations to my memory, my subconscious mind, every cell of my being, to the universe and to Allah. I will make this declaration daily, knowing that through consistent affirmation, I create my desired reality with sovereign will and divine guidance, I speak my will into existence. That's the start. And you write everything you write in the present tense. Now, you're not going to lie, right? You're not going to say like, let's say if you're to make 50,000 a month, right? You're not going to write, well, I'm making 50,000 a month. No, no, no, no. I am in the process of getting my income up to $50,000 a month and you are describing how and how much time that's going to take, why you're doing it. You understand? And cover all of the seven domains that we talked about. Financial, the vision and the purpose, why you need that money, why you desire that money, family, community, intentions, right? your health, relationships, your spiritual practice, your personal growth and development, business goals, right? Your your power of influence, your communication skills. Each one of these domains gets its own vivid broken down detail. Do not be vague. If you're vague, you're gay. I'm just kidding. threw it in there. I don't mean that. All right. And then you end it with gratitude. For real, the end. And that should be very bulky, very detailed. You express gratitude for what you have. Right? Write what you are grateful for right now, not what you will be grateful for. That's not the vibration. What you already have, what you already are. You see the gratitude component. It anchors the entire declaration in reality and it magnetizes it even more. It makes it way more powerful. Okay? You cannot build what you cannot see. Remember that. And you can't hit what you can't define. This declaration of truth protocol will transform all of the vague desires into concrete vision. And it gives your mind a target, your actions a filter, and your life a real specific direction. Without this you drift, but with it you will build. Okay, this next protocol, this right here we talking about. The next process is what most people fail on. And it ain't because it's hard cuz it's not right. It's because a lot of people is going to try to do it alone. The human brain is wired for social accountability. Look, it is what it is. You have people. That's our cheat code is each other. Okay? Especially when you have a group, a community, a tribe. You declare something to the group. When you audit your alignment in front of your peers and you see other people holding the same standard, that consistency multiplies. I've watched this hundreds of times. My circle, we This is what we do. giving y'all insider information, secret society information, right? I ain't supposed to be sharing this information. When they talk about secret societies, it be legitimately things like this. Our circle sharing trade secrets with each other and tactics. Oh, you not in this group? No, you need to be in here. Let me introduce you to so and so then you you feel me? Like this is what it's about, y'all. Now there's a daily calibration ritual. Okay, that's when you are taking your declaration every day, every morning and reviewing it. This is I I said this earlier. I'm going to say this again. I want this to lock in. You are programming your RA, your reticular activation system, aligning your actions and measure. You get to measure your progress against your stated reality. Now you're reading it, but it's more than reading. You're installing this information. Listen, some of y'all install information from Bumble and Instagram and you name it. Let's install with this. Install with this. You owe it to yourself. You owe it to your kids, your family. You owe it to everybody around you. Okay? Y'all should want to be as dope as possible. You're not getting doper by wasting time on social media. And I have to I'm about to make social media the enemy. That's gonna be my ops because it's killing people. It's sniping people. It's making people lazy. It's making people angry. It's making people very ugly. They behaving in ugly ways. Just go through comments. Just see what people say in comments. It's like, "Wow, this person, you thought that and then you typed it and then you hit enter and you didn't even delete it. You you Okay. Fascinating. There is people, listen, there is there is no uh compulsion in Islam. We're not I don't push this on nobody, but I do speak, you know, about Islamic things on my feet. There's people that come with dissertations in my comment section. You're that's a evil religion and you should do this and tell me what I should do, right? How I should do it. And they come in a very very vulgar way in the name of their religion that they claim they represent. Sir, you're all right with writing this kind of this is not a good representation of anything. Sir, this is actually you should be committed into a me I think people like that is kind of mentally off like to say these things. You're in my comment. You're in a comment, right? And you just gave you maxed out on how many characters you could type and then you did the second one. First of all, that's what's up. You got that. You're right. But this is what it's doing to people. And this is crazy. People's attention spans are getting shorter. Their brains are shrinking. This is just a fact. Social media uh that's the ops. So listen with the uh the the daily calibration ritual. Every day y'all should be praying fajger prayer. The first prayer of the day, right after fajger, that's the first thing you do. And then you don't pick up the phone. You going get your uh your declaration. Pray declaration. Read it. It's important out loud. Slowly feel the words. See the images. Embody the identity that you're uh declaring. Make it yours. Walk into it. Okay. Then as you go through your day, the group, the the people in the group can probably say this by heart right now. You align your actions and your decisions with what you've declared. Do that every day, right? You're filtering every decision through your declaration. Before you say yes to anything, you ask yourself, is this in alignment with what I've declared for myself? Right? Before you spend money, does this serve the vision? Is this on the vision? Right? Before you invest time, ask, is this moving me forward? Right? Or have I decl to to what I declared or I'm moving away from it? Like what am I doing here? Right? Every evening audit your day. Y'all, you cannot be too busy for yourself for these important things. And if you are, that's just okay. That's cool. That's Look, I know that the things that I'm saying is falling on a lot of deaf mute ears. There's a couple of y'all going to pick this up though. But I, you know, when I stand before my God as judgment day, I I can I'll be able to say, "Yo, I tried. I tried." Okay? So, do this y'all every day. And then once a month, go through your list and revise what needs to be because sometimes sometimes you change courses and that's okay. This is real life. All right. So, do that once a month and then like pick somebody that you really rock with, somebody that's really there for you and share share your declaration with them and hopefully they can do the same with you. Okay? And this ain't validation cuz you ain't validated until you've achieved it. This is for accountability. Okay? Let them see your your your commitment. You should listen. My crew, my my real friends, I'll be wanting to make them proud. Just like I want to make my my family proud. Like for real, still to this day, y'all should be like that, too. And inshallah, the people around you will want to make you proud. That means everybody's just really trying to be great. That's the vibration. I wonder if that sound corny to y'all like I'm saying this because this is really like my inner workings and this is really how I live my life. All right. So, why Mike, why are we doing this? Because writing the declaration out is not enough, right? You need the reps. You need repetition. Okay? That's how you program your subconscious mind, right? Daily reviewing of the RA, right? Consistent consistent alignment builds the life, y'all. I'm telling you right now, the declaration is the blueprint. your daily calibration. That's the ritual that that that's the construction of that blueprint. That's actualizing that blueprint. Without it, the blueprint is just a piece of paper. Okay? But with it, the blueprint becomes reality. Okay? Now, this is January. This is I usually do this in December, but December was a crazy month. It was the best month of my life. So, we're doing it this month. This is when you set the code for your the rest of your year. Okay? Be very uh specific. This is when you declare who you're becoming, not who you were, not who you are becoming. Right? That's who you're that's what you're writing down. Who you are becoming. Right? Do not do vague stuff. Don't be a medium man or a woman. Okay? Don't wish for better. That's all right. Don't be a scroller. Don't be a consumer. All right? At the end of the year, those kind of people, they're going to be sitting in the same spot. Okay? But y'all, y'all, not them. Okay? Y'all, y'all sacred, y'all squad. So, don't drift. I want you to declare, "Bill, we not manifesting nothing. We're building." Okay? So, here's your assignment. Right? Start it tonight, but take your time and give yourself about four or five days to complete it. But start tonight, okay? Think deeply on each vector, on each data point. Think deeply because this is your world. This is your life that you're creating. So, be intentional and be mindful and be heavy with it. All right? This is a ceremony, y'all. For real. Remember that. and then look back at it next year or January 2027, you going to be like, "Wow." Okay, so each thing you write down, remember, ask yourself, "What do I truly want here? Why does this matter? What does success look like in real vivid detail?" All right? Write it down. Say it out loud every day. Feel that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right here in your chest. And then commit to it every day. All right? Now, 30 days is going to be locked in. It's gonna feel voluminous at first, but it's gonna lock in. All right. So, anyway, that's it. That's all. Uh, I do want to give y'all those of you who are not in the community and you want this kind of alignment. First of all, how many people felt this message? Like, y'all feel like this is something that you could really rock with, right? Put a put a one in the chat. Like, for real, for real. If y'all really if this is something that y'all can really rock with, put a one up in this piece. All right, I see y'all. Okay, so this is what I'm going to do. I'mma give y'all this right here. This This is going to be good for two days, I think. 24 hours. This we doing a special for Sacred Tonight. I'mma bless y'all to bless y'all. I'mma hook you up so I can hook you up. Okay. So, you can get in, have full access, accountability, you name it. And this is just one little thing. And in the community, we have the actual document. Uh, I'mma revise it, too, for for everybody that's been in there. Now, everybody's in here. We need to check to y'all see if y'all did, but anyway, we have the actual document inside the community, but we have all kind of just heat. Okay. and I have we have so much more but you know we have heat maps and we can see where everybody's at in the uh on the back end and what people are downloading and so on and so forth. So it's just so much that people have not been taken advantage of in the sacred society community, right? Everybody comes here. This is this is great, but it's the practical stuff is in there. Okay. This is just the briefing. Exactly. Thank you, Sister Sabrina. We know we can see y'all, right? Anyway, uh we can do I got about five t minutes for a quick Q&amp;A, but if y'all don't got nothing, then we can get out of here. So, anyway, whoever wants to shoot, go for it. I I could take a couple questions. &gt;&gt; Mike. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I just I don't have a question. I just wanted to congratulate you on your engagement. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother. I appreciate it. She's right here. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Have a good one. just uh thank you, &gt;&gt; brother. &gt;&gt; Yo, I got to tell you thank you and I'm also sending you my declaration. So, uh let's go. Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Great motivation message, man. Always look up to you, man. We walk through this path of life, but man, every time I hear you, brother, it's always great motivation. It's always inspirational. I think Allah I can call you a friend, a brother, man, something greater. &gt;&gt; A mean. Thank you, brother. I appreciate Yeah. Um, I just wanted to say thank you. I'm Hillilary. I'm an immigrant from Nigeria, like a doctor. And just to say you've spoken to my soul, man. Like, I've watched you over the years. And like watching your life, what you do with your faith. I'm Christian, but man, man, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you like real hard, man. Like, what you do, the way the discipline, and it really [snorts] speaks to something in me. Like, I consume all of your content. It makes me better. I want to be better. And thank you, man. like for real from my heart. &gt;&gt; Appreciate you, brother. I appreciate you so much. And listen, like I'm here for this. Like I am a a faithful, humble servant to y'all to to God first, but then to y'all. So, you know, this is what I'm here for. I'm here I'm here for the work, you feel me? So, um when I hear that there is a positive impact, you know, it just lets me know that I'm in proper alignment and and it helps keep me there. So, I appreciate y'all for real. For real. Okay. Dorian. &gt;&gt; Dorian itgirl. And then Paul. &gt;&gt; Hi, Mike. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Who's who's this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's Raymond. Um, good evening. I just wanted to thank you for to say to say thank you for all you're doing for your community and I wanted to ask a question. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Um, before you become the man you are now, do you look at do you look up to someone or he just came to you to just change your life or you look up to someone? That's my question. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Well, look, brother, I have I'm very fortunate, you know, I have my father and my father, he gave me the sauce. Can't even lie. And my mother. Um, so my parents was dope with salad. You know, my father's still giving me the sauce. So, so that was like I had that right in front of me. But then I had the minister Lewis Farrakhan who was always like a north star of me as well. I mean the man was wildly intelligent, successfully guiding a nation. Never seen him upset. seen him in very hostile territory as far as like mainstream interviews and he always dismantled them with a smile and with a pure heart. He was always in shape, you know, a religious leader that was swole that was in he wasn't super swole, but he was in shape. He got after there's videos of him getting after it on YouTube. So I always had the highest standards for myself because my leaders, my father, my my biological father and my spiritual father were like like you know the real type of sovereign men, real men, you know. So, um, so yeah, I I had that that that that type of guidance and somebody to look up to that was just, you know, top of the top, you know, and I still have them to this day. Alhamdulillah. So, so yeah, but I'm going to tell you this too, brother. Like right now, my friends, the people in my immediate circle are the people I look up to. I only keep close counsel with really incredible people. Like really incredible people. Everybody in close proximity to me have some kind of incredible attribute that a lot of people don't have. They're special people. They're really good people. They're, you know, and they we're all just kind of like quirky and weird in our own way, but in a very productive way. And that's my that's my circle. That's my world. So, you know. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Thank you. Uh this just the last question. So how do we do how do we do to have wisdom? &gt;&gt; Excuse me. &gt;&gt; How do we do to have wisdom? How do we do &gt;&gt; you have to seek it, brother? It's here. It's all around you. I mean, even you showing up tonight, that's that's part of it, right? You know, you're taking your time to sit and learn something, right? To to we're sharing wisdom right now. This is not a channel where we're just like talking about, oh, Ice shot the girl, whatever, right? We're talking about building our lives up, right? Accountability for self, right? So, this is where it begins entering communities like this, right? We have in the SSL, inside of our community, there's a university of information. You feel me? A university of information that's there, right? Courses, documents, you name it. And then we can have intelligent conversations in our conver in our in our world as well. But you know there the world is full of knowledge and wisdom. We have the internet now. So you you don't have to go to the library. You can download these things on your phone or whatever. So it's just you like everyone in here has all the access in the world to whatever you want. But you have to do what I said like do this declaration. you right? You won't be see brother the questions you're asking me right now you put together your declaration you won't have to ask me anything because you'll have your vision you'll have your direction these are the things you should be busy with you understand what I'm saying I have I am never brother I'm never bored I always have things to do I stop being productive because I have to stop sometime and chill and be normal but I always have something to do I never not have anything. That's just not a reality for me. And that should be for everybody in here, especially y those of you who younger than me. The younger you are, you should be crazy with energy trying to get things done. You understand? So, I I told you I was going to show y'all some receipts, right? So, I didn't even tell you this. I I did the So, we you know, we got the InBody machine checking your health, right? And it checks all of these biomarkers, not just your body fat. So I put mine in this in this program, right? Cuz a few years ago, I spent a gang of money on a epigenetic age test, right? So now with AI, you don't have to spend that kind of money because the technology is at our disposals to analyze data. Now, you have to be honest with the data or is just pointless. So anyway, I did mine and part of my declaration last year was the exact the exact physical health and biomarkers that I have right now. It was the exact biomarkers what I wrote down. I hit it. Not it didn't even take me a year to do it. It was like halfway through the year. I'mma pull it up for y'all. I'mma read it to y'all. Give me one second. It's kind of crazy, y'all. But I'm telling you, and I'm going to share this with you because of this. I think it's incredible the document what I'm going to read to you, right? But it's incredible because anybody can do this. Anybody can do this with the the the type of intensity and intentionality and focus that I have at least. Well, it came up weird right here. You just got to do it. It's like it ain't nothing y'all can't do, but you just ain't doing it. I mean it. [clears throat] It's lit. I'm being so literal right now. All right. Boom. Okay. All right. I guess I can share my screen. That ain't necessary. I'll just read it to y'all. All right. So, this thing I did not put my age in this. is just getting the you know the the what I did was I put my test results for some blood work stuff some and the inbody dexa scan biioarkers right 6 foot uh body fat percentage 6.8 8 uh total body fat mass or the actual fat on my body 14 to 15 pounds. The muscle skeletal muscle mass 116 pounds. Lean body mass that's minus fat that's 198. So that's lean muscle, bone and organ. Uh SMI skeletal muscle mass index is 10.6 six to 10.9 kilograms per M2. I don't know all that means, but it says very high for your height. Basic metabolic rate, 2310 calories per day. So, it's like if I sit still all day, I will probably burn off about close to a pound just not moving. Visceral fat level, this is the most important on here, is level one to two. This is the lowest practical range that can be measured, right? ECWTBW ratio. I don't know what that means but it says I can look it up but it says 363 and that indicates low inflammation healthy fluid balance segmental mass. It just shows like the balance of arms, legs, trunk symmetric everywhere around. Uh so it says so for arms high lean mass with very low fat legs high lean mass symmetrical trunk high lean mass with low fat accumulation segmental fat distribution no abnormal central fat storage fat distribution proportionately and healthy overall inbody interpretation very high skeletal muscle relative to body weight extreme low body fat exceptionally low visceral fat visceral fat is the most important fat and I'm going to get into that stable hydration and low systemic inflammation. Very important. All of this is way more important than muscles. All right. So, how old is this person? Based on the physiological data pro provided here is an analysis of the most likely chronological age and metabolic age of this person. So, you have the chronological age like your birthday, right? Which I don't think matters at all. And then you have the metabolic age, your health rate inside like your organs, right? How healthy you are as a human being. Most likely chronological age, late 20s. Let me punch the wall some real quick. Late 20s to mid30s, baby. And then the reasoning, it it broke down the reasoning. Uh this individual displays a combination of extremely high skeletal muscle mass and extremely low body fat which represents a physiological peak at 48 years old. Achieving this level of conditioning hold on requires years of dedicated training optimal nutrition and some genetics. It is most common hold on move this thing over the screen too. It is most common in individuals who have moved past their early 20s hormonal peak and have sufficient time to build mature muscle mass. This profile is typical of elite athletes in sports like bodybuilding, wrestling, and sprinting who often hit their physical prime in this age. Furthermore, the noted stable weight with a slight reduction because it's measuring from my last scan which was a few months prior uh in the summer actually experience approach and diet and training most likely metabolic age. So my health age the one that matters it says significantly younger than chronological age likely early is what that say 20 or younger. Get the What are we talking about? What are we talking about? Right. Reasoning based on biomarkers, exceptional body composition, body fat, whatever, 6.8, visceral fat level one or two. Uh low very low visceral fat indicator of low metabolic disease risk. Okay, this is why the visceral fat fat is important. Low very low visceral fat is a key indicator of low metabolic disease risk. suggesting a system that functions much younger than average. Okay. High muscle mass. We know that. Optimal hydration and low inflammation. Very important. Healthy fat distribution. Bomb. Overall, this is the profile of a person in exceptional physical and metabolic health akin to high level athlete. The concept of metabolic age compares one's biomarkers to population average. Right? Given this data, this individual's metabolic age will be calculated as significantly lower than their chronological age, likely in the late or early 20s as their metrics surpass those of most fit young adults. Critical caveat is that maintaining 6.8 body fat long-term is not sustainable or necessarily healthy for most people. But people, I've been doing this for a long time. This is actually now it's like an arc. I was low low before, then I was up a little bit. Couple years ago, I was like 11. I was like, dang. Cuz I was in the doubles, but that's not my that's not my baseline. My baseline is the singles. So then I got back down. I'm not at the lowest that I've been before, but it's pretty low. So So there you have it. like um chronological age most likely highly trained adult in their physical prime age approximately 28 to 35 years old metabolic age biomarkers blah blah blah late teens or early 20s. This is places them in an exceptional pro percentile for fitness and metabolic blah blah blah. Now I ain't even told this machine that I'm 48. It'll probably break. It'll probably like malfunction malfunction and shut down. But anyway, this is the my health is the most important thing on my my list. It is right. Me getting married was number two. Me being healthy as f number one, right? I hit it. I nailed it. The plane landed. This is literally Y'all think I'm playing. Hold on. Now I'mma read that part of my declaration from 2025. Y'all think I'm playing? I do this. So, it's crazy when I'm in counsel with people who I've prescribed this to and I ask like, "You wrote your thing out?" And they're like, "Not yet." And we in July. We in August. You feel me? When I'm doing it. All right. Let me pull it up. Wait. My life. Boom. Okay, I ain't gonna read the whole thing because it's very personal, but I'mma find that part. Uh, I am, look, I said 7%. I am staying around 7% body fat. This is where I will look my best. My abs will be pronounced. No inflammation in my body. I will maintain 210 to 220 grams of protein daily to keep my muscles full, strong, and functional. I will keep my skin I will keep my skin clear so I look 28 forever. I will also be avoiding salty foods and refined sugars and processed foods. I will continue to drink nothing but water, nectar, mental juice, plant or tea. You feel me? Like what are we talking about? I'm doing the things, [snorts] okay? And it's working. You feel me? And a person like me that's always in shape. It's harder for me to get in better shape doing it. Though I didn't realize I forgot that I'm beating what I put on there. I said 7%. I'm at six. You feel me? And I was over I was sub 10. I was over 10 when we started. So that's very difficult. All right. Two more questions. Paul and Igill. Oh, Dorian, did you go yet? &gt;&gt; N Yeah, I had a quick one, though. Uh, also, real quick, congratulations on your engagement, brother. That's amazing. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother. &gt;&gt; That's beautiful. That's beautiful. Uh, real quick, so earlier you were talking about when you were uh wanted to make your 250,000 a month. You said you mentioned a why. Why do you want to make that? Is that why specifically for each area or is it for the overarching declaration as a whole? That &gt;&gt; no. Why specifically that dollar amount? &gt;&gt; You understand what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; So, so the why is what are you going to be doing with that money if if once you get it? &gt;&gt; And then the same for relationships, for health, for um &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it. Yep. That's it. Thank you. So, so yeah, brother be as intentional and as specific as as humanly possible. Dorian, let me ask you this, real talk. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Did you do a declaration last year? &gt;&gt; I did, but I didn't use the uh format that was in the s sacred society before. I did a online coaching that had a they called it a manifesto. Same idea. So, I had a structure for that which was already halfway completed. So, I went through filled that in. Uh the shorter answer is no. I did not use a sacred society outline. &gt;&gt; Okay. I don't know which what program that you you did then. And you know &gt;&gt; touching this it wasn't touching. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm going to always be the ultimate example. So it ain't never me telling y'all to do something that I ain't doing. I'm out. I'm active. I'm doing all the things. I'mma be the ultimate practitioner of anything that I'm pushing or talking about. Always. So you can always be like I've had people in the community like new people in the VIP part that was telling me the most bizarre eating protocols they were on. I'm like well where you get that from? And they're telling me that that's what they got to do. I'm like well where'd you get that from? And they tell me the person. I'm like is this person is is do you want to look like that person? They're like no. I'm like, well, why would you follow their nutritional protocol and you're telling me that that I'm telling you that that's not going to work, right? You know, there's people that's telling people only eat fruit. I'm like, okay, go get diabetes cuz fruit, too much fruit will give you diabetes and you won't build There's people telling people you only need fruit to build muscle. You will build no muscle with fruit. How about that? Zero. It's not possible. And then they want to talk about animals. Gorillas don't eat. That's true. And gorillas are very swole and they do get their protein from plants, but they eat 10 hours a day. They graze. Get out of my face with that. You know what I'm saying? It's so So I'm never y'all never going to be in here having me talk about something that I ain't mastering, handling. You understand what I'm saying? And I'm not going to give y'all experimental what I think might work. I'm giving y'all what works. I've been doing these declarations for many years. The first year, I'm going give you a little context. The first year I did it, somebody told me to write just write every write your goals down. I'm like, "No, that sounds stupid." But I was so down and out at this particular period. I'm like, "Fuck it. I just write it. I had nothing else to do. I wrote it in a notebook." Um, this is when I This is like 2011 coming to California. It was in Long Beach struggling struggle bus right so I had a phenomenal year right and I remember I'm moving and I wasn't even reading it every day I moved and then I found that book and I like I was taken a back I'm like whoa like everything that I wrote I did. So at that point I realized there's something very powerful about writing these things out that's powerful but as one level being intentional and activating that reticular ar vertic the ra excuse me it makes it even stronger right because you setting your intentions and you just making it happen even just faster and way more efficiently you know and controlling the variables that's the thing when you're intentionable intentionable when You're intentional about what you're doing about your path. First of all, creating your path, creating your lane, creating your route. You're controlling all the variables. I'm the type of person I don't I need to know what I'm doing. So, I I need to from from Allah's mouth to my ears and then from my ears to me into the world. I don't really there's not a lot of people that that I well there's there's a couple people but only a couple people in life that I listen to and I got some direction from them that I really trusted. I trust me right. So I think that's the best thing when you can trust yourself. So when you're writing you're being intentional about your life. Yeah. You you got it. But you got to trust yourself for real. And when you trusting yourself, you writing it out because you know that you know what's going to come out of it. It's from your brain, from your mind. You understand? All right, brother. Uh Igel and then Paul. Sorry. Sorry, fellas. &gt;&gt; Salam alaikum, brother Mike. &gt;&gt; Greetings. &gt;&gt; Greetings from Mongolia and China, baby. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank congrats on your engagement and just thanks for embodying everything you do. Um Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I got just uh two questions for you. is like one I just moved to China recently from Mongolia and but at the same time I'm studying to be a holistic doctor in America at a school in San Diego right so it's just like it's a lot for me to move to a new country with my wife daughter and her mother studying Chinese and studying to be a doctor at the same time right so I'm having a little bit difficult time like balancing all of this right it's like juggling like four plates at one time I'll make time for the Chinese and the doctor and the family and the kids, right? So, I'm I'm just needing a little bit of guidance and wisdom in like simplifying the complex. And the second question I have is I love how you say trust yourself because my name is actually trust. That's what Igel means. It means trust in Mongolia. So, I trust myself, right? But I think we all have these thoughts sometimes that creep up at us and say like, "You ain't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You ain't going to make it." You know what I mean? So, how do you turn that negative into a positive? or how do you turn that fear into love? And then how do you like just like simplify this complex situation that I'm in? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. So, Eiguel, what I need to do with you, you've been around for a while. You need to go to the next level of our our mentorship so I can work with you specifically about these specific things you're talking about. We can break it all down and come up with a real plan for you. So, and that's that's a whole that's a call with you and I. So, we'll we'll work on that. Uh, outside of that, you said the the voice saying, "Yeah, it's just that's you." And stop talking to yourself like that. You know what I mean? There's no voices. Is you, right? Uh maybe you don't think that you can have these things or do this or do that. You got to silence it and do the work. I mean, the first thing you can do is write write it out. Write the goals. Write the ideas that you see for yourself and then follow. I I think the things that I put out I think is so easy to do. But you got to trust yourself, right? You got to trust yourself. They're easy to do. I think they so easy that people think it ain't really a thing. No, I don't think that because people want easy. People don't think they deserve the things. And that's what it is. And that's probably what you you you're on right now as well. And I don't care what anybody say because if you're not putting yourself in position to to procure the things, you don't think you deserve it cuz or you don't want it [clears throat] because there's no other logical reason why you're not doing the things, right? There's ways of doing everything. Everything anything can be done. People people I tell people like this like, "Oh, what? You want a million dollars?" "Yeah, but how do I get a million dollar?" Wait, you know how to you know how to make a sandwich? Would you know how to make a sandwich? You want to make a sandwich? Like, yeah. How you make a sandwich? And then they proceed with telling me a process of making a sandwich. It's the same thing for a million dollars or $5 million is a process. If you don't know the process right off hand, research or get up around somebody that does know and ask questions. You feel me? And then once you see, that's just one part. People can't they they they don't launch. People study forever. I don't like a stud a a studying ass person who don't do nothing. It's annoying. I know people like that. I'm like, "Oh, you Oh, you still Okay, that's what's up. Hey, that's you. People like studying. People feel validated because they're studying, researching, well, I'm listening to this podcast about, okay? Because all you're doing is being entertained. You got to get out there and do the things, brother. Whatever it is. And and see, people be afraid to fail, too, or afraid to not hit it right right off the bat. You know what I'm saying? Let me tell you the type of honey badger I am. I got businesses that ain't making no money yet. I don't give a damn. It's gonna Everything works. It just don't work because a lot of times y'all quit before it hits. Not me, not the kid. Cuz I don't been here before. I don't been here before. And I'm constantly planting seeds. Why? I I have I don't even do the belief in self. I know in self. I have knowledge of self. I know. So, and brother, it's certain formulas that just work. It's just the timeline may not be exactly what you think or what you desire, but you have to be faithful to the process, but you have to be moving properly and doing the right things to trust the process. That's the thing. People don't be moving right. See, brother, yo, we'll talk in private, but I can probably uncover some things that you probably ain't doing properly, that you probably ain't moving right. That's not a conversation for the macro. That's a conversation for you and I, right? So, that's probably what it is. And we just got to keep it real with with each other and with ourselves. &gt;&gt; All right, brother. So, we we'll set up a call. &gt;&gt; All right, brother Paul. &gt;&gt; Just quick question. How can I set up a call with you, brother Mike? How is it possible? &gt;&gt; Um, just you're in SSL, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'll get a link to you. We get a link to you. We got you, brother. &gt;&gt; All right. Love you, brother. Thank you. Have the best year ever. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Brother Paul, sorry about that, brother. Thanks for your patience. &gt;&gt; Last your mic ain't your mic. Something wrong with your mic, brother. &gt;&gt; All right. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Hold on. &gt;&gt; It's is it's muffled. &gt;&gt; Tell them to take the headphones off. &gt;&gt; Okay. Whoever that was super clear. HD. HD. That's what we need right there. Guy had a good mic. You know what I mean? Did he go away? Oh man, he probably phone disconnected. All right. Well, dang. I I hate to like leave and the brother didn't get his question. I'll wait a minute or so. But yeah, &gt;&gt; I I got a question, Mike. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, sir. Go for it. So, I I came into the link a little late. I was put for my kids a bit. Um, but I've been watching you over the years, man. I've been kind of skeptical on doing mentorships just with guys online cuz it seemed like they always fall off, but you kind of been around for a long time. So, and I see like the progress. So, I kind of I definitely trust what you got going on. Um, what is it like a way I could get the link to the uh um the you know the thing that you got to write down? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Brother Ricky, can you throw that link in there again for me? There you go, man. Brother Ricky Yon, it's right there. My brother Ron. Yes, sir. Look, bro. I don't It is what it is. I'm here. You know what I'm saying? And I mean, you're a wise man. You, you know, you have standards, and that's part of what we were talking about tonight. So, you're right. I have been I've been, you know, in in pole position since 2012. It's very difficult to do, but it is what it is. we we here you know at this stage in my life you know I'm guided by Allah you know I'm it's not about me it's about about the work so my brother I'm here brothers and I and I got you and we have a really dope community we we really developed into some something special over the years past two years so you know we love to have you you know in our in council with us and um you know we all build together and hold each other accountable. You got it? You got the link? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I got the link. I just put it in my Safari. I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Peace, bro. Brother Paul, you back. Go ahead, Brother Paul. It's on you, Brother Paul. Can you hear Can you hear us, Paul? This on you, Jack. I'm mute. You're muted now. You're not muted. &gt;&gt; Wait, I think I just heard you. Speak a little louder. It's go ghost money. Can I say something? &gt;&gt; Hello? Yeah. Oh snap. There. There you go. Paul, go ahead, brother Paul. That train went back out. &gt;&gt; All right, I hear you now. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. I can hear you. I hear you. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. This that honey badge of stuff. Look, bro, real quick. I gota give you your flowers. I haven't watched nothing you did. I haven't seen you in a whole year, man. I used to listen to you all the time. You was like, "Pick up the dumbbells." You know what I'm saying? Get the work. Get the body, man. Do it. &gt;&gt; Stop touching yourself. Stop touching. Stop touching other women. So, I've been on it. I've been on it a year strong. You know what I'm saying? I plan on competing in July on my birthday. But I do want to ask realistically and thank you. You know what I'm saying? Cuz you know, this is God, you know, God saying, man, you know, nothing new under the sun. Same way brother Paul moved, same way you got incarcerated. So, this some real stuff. I got three questions. First, how long realistically, what is the real timeline discipline of um staying out the way? Um really grinding and and and and staying focused cuz it's been a year and I still like I'm like I got a long way to go. You know what I'm saying? Like &gt;&gt; let me let me do one question at a time. So, were you on this whole call? Brother, Brother Paul, put your headphones Put your headphones Put your headphones back on. Put them back on. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Put them back on. &gt;&gt; I ain't be able I ain't going to be able to talk though. &gt;&gt; It's okay. I'll I'll I'll work it out. Put them back on so you can hear me. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Let me know when you on. &gt;&gt; I'm on. I I got you to my ear cuz I don't want this drone to cut off again so I can hear I can hear everything you say. &gt;&gt; All right. So So did you hear the whole call today? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; All right. So All right. I started out by saying like look a lot of y'all I even posted today like working out every day you know staying out the way doing the things but you're not progressing right &gt;&gt; you're not progressing because you have no intentionality behind your movements right &gt;&gt; today's call was only about that is about writing down and declaring your life for this year moving forward &gt;&gt; and and being very specific and intentional about seven different data points or vectors of your life, right? &gt;&gt; So, so I'm talking about finances, spirituality, your health, like everything, right? So, you cannot expect to have like this dream life or this ideal situation and not plan it out properly and write it out and then follow the plan. So you doing that one thing alone but really doing it not like just being motivated from the call today but actually writing this thing down right &gt;&gt; then every morning &gt;&gt; you going over it every day because after you go over it you planting that in your mind you strengthening that ra and then you going about your day aligning all of your actions and intentions and decisions around what's important to you the things that you wrote out and the things that you say to yourself every Hey, every morning, right? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And then get home, end of the night, &gt;&gt; do a self audit like, "Okay, I was on point with this." Okay. Yeah. All right. Boom. Oh, I shouldn't have did that. Right. Go to sleep. And in the morning, you do the same thing 365 days straight. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Do it and it don't work and then come talk to me. You know what I'm saying? Like, it that's not going to happen. &gt;&gt; So, you're you don't have a plan, brother Paul. That's why you're not seeing the things. So, how long will it take? I don't know. How good is your plan? How are you sticking to a 60%, 40%, 100%? All of that matters. You feel me? So, be intentional, uh, brother Paul. And this is, see, people say things right with no meaning. This is literally grabbing life by the bullhorns. This is literally, what do we talk? This is literally how you do it. &gt;&gt; You see what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; I just showed y'all like my biomarkers like and that was one of the most important vectors on my list last year. Easy work. What are we talking about? Make it more difficult for me. You feel me? So, so this is what I'm talking about, brother Paul. I'm not into saying things just to say it. Everything has to make sense, &gt;&gt; right? Everything to me everything is practical. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. All right. So, that that's question one. Go ahead with number two. &gt;&gt; Um number two, um in terms of uh getting in the room uh to make real impact, you know what I'm saying? For brothers like myself, brothers like where you um when you came from. Um what is the um realistic process? And um of course about the plan, you [laughter and clears throat] right about that cuz me and my cousin, we got the gym, black own gym in the uh in the city in DC. You know what I'm saying? I got the autism junk going with with the wellness and doing all that. You know what I'm saying? So, but but how you get it to to, you know, the real people in the rooms with the real bread that that that that can make those differences, that's why I'm I'm at the point now. And I feel like when I was referencing the timeline, it was like, all right, I tried to step back out there into the quote unquote world, but I saw that nobody running no 5Ks every day. Nobody nobody shoulder pressing the hundreds like you, man. I don't see nobody in the gym doing that. So, I mean, it's 1%. That's a real thing. Where they at? That and and that and that that's my question two and three. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much, man. Hey. Hey, God. Hey, look, man. God bless you, bro. You know what I'm saying? I know you get on here and do what you got to do. Whatever you going through, God bless you. You know what I'm saying? And and I'm a real dude. I been I ain't I'm telling you, I ain't listened to you and seen you in a year. Just been praying for you, brother Rashid. H Allah. &gt;&gt; Alhamdulillah, brother. All all praise due to God. I am nothing, you know, and and I do get blessings from the Lord because I'm I'm just doing what I'm supposed to do. That's it. Right? So, how do how does one get in the room? Right, brother Paul? What room you want to be in? That's the first question. What room? What room? And then answer that first. Paul, I'm need to be so like I ain't going to lie, bro. Like when I after that I'm going to tell you real quick. My birthday I'm sleep. I'm not doing nothing. I'm lifting weights. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. Stop, &gt;&gt; brother Paul. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let's Let's be precise. Let's have precision. What What were we saying? Right. &gt;&gt; What What room are you talking about being in? &gt;&gt; All right. I need to talk. I need to uh I got connections with LA. I got connections with brother ET. You know what I'm saying? I'm trying to get my program. &gt;&gt; Okay. With stuff for the brothers. &gt;&gt; Real quick. Real quick. All right, ET. You in a room with him, then what happens? Because that's not hard. What happens if you're in a room with him? &gt;&gt; I mean, I I went to like one of those seminar joints, not not like in the I'm trying to get in the in the business room with people like &gt;&gt; I know I know what you're saying. I know what you're saying. You and him in proximity, &gt;&gt; a lunching, whatever. &gt;&gt; What you What next? What are you going to talk to him about? Like, why do you want to be in a room with with the brother? &gt;&gt; Because I want to show him the PowerPoint of what I got. And I want to I want to ask, &gt;&gt; who are you in connection with that's trying to uh accomplish same thing I'm doing. &gt;&gt; All right. You're in the room with me right now. Tell me about it. &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; Okay. Um it's a um it's a I have a landscaping company, right? Um, right now the company is being ran by, you know, guys that, you know, used to be incarcerated. Um, those individuals who have families, um, who's trying to be in their famil family's lives, you know what I'm saying? They don't necessarily have to, you know, be the bread winner in their homes, just, you know, uh, fathers just trying to take care of their, uh, uh, uh, uh, their youngest. So, this program is it's a uh you learn landscaping, you get a trade. Um you go to a two-year uh program at Maryland University. I used to work on the golf course um at uh it's a a rich golf course. Okay. Chevy Chase Club. And um I got connections with those people. So, um basically right now I got guys that's out there making money and doing things, but um the education part, you know what I'm saying? and reaching it to other people and actually making it a program uh where it could uh uh uh be stamped by the state. You know what I'm saying? So, I feel like I'm doing a lot, but you know, when I get into certain uh aspects like uh let's say I for instance, I go to the um like city hall meetings or whatever downtown, right? try to get your programs out like it's like ah hey man come back to us when you get around guys like Rashid [laughter] like who do you know like you know what I'm saying how how how how far does your connection reach? Okay. All right, brother. So, in the spirit of what I do, right, you need a more precise message, a more precise uh uh pitch because that's what you're trying to do. That's why you want to be in a room, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Uh I could tell you what I would do, what I'll do for you. I'll give you a little bit of exposure, right? Maybe nothing come out of it. Maybe something greater come out of it. Who knows? But I can help share what you're doing. And I usually don't do this with people that's not in the community, right? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; But I'mma do I'm not even going to ask you to join the community is you want to is fine. If you don't, it's okay. But I will do that. I I give you my word because I do see sincerity in your heart, brother. So, but what you do need to do, bro, is your pitch, your presentation needs to be more precise, short, to the point, and whoever you're giving it to need to see an immediate what are they going to get out of it? Because that's what a lot of people, unfortunately, it's very transactional in business. You see what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; ET is going to be like, well, how can this benefit me? You feel what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. So, I'm not really looking for anything from anybody. Um, but if I can help somebody, I will. So, um, and then you got my brother uh Manny right here. He he he can help you with the pitch. You know what I'm saying? You see, brother Manny, this the beautiful thing about our community. You don't know who's in Y'all don't even know there some ultra ballers in here, too, listening and peeping all of this out and it's always like that. So, I'm just saying. But anyway, brother Paul, uh, you get in touch with me. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Email is info@mikeashid.com. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. No, &gt;&gt; you know, get the Instagram, whatever. And we do what it do. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; That was two. What's What's number three? &gt;&gt; The the the you already answered. Two. Three. Three was in two. And And anytime we in the city, you come to the gym free. Black on man. Say less. Yes, sir. All right, brother. I appreciate you, brother Paul. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Appreciate you more. &gt;&gt; I do gotta go. Brother LJ wanted to say something real quick. Go ahead, sir. Yo, it's this gonna be our year. I'm going renew my subscription tonight. I know it expires. So, we in there. We locked in. You already know. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Let's let's let's get to it then. &gt;&gt; Let's It's all action this year. 2026. &gt;&gt; We're making it like it manhandling this. You feel me? That's that's the only way &gt;&gt; because ain't nobody gonna hand it to none of us. &gt;&gt; You know what I'm saying? I got that message 19 keys too. So you already know I'm I'm already with y'all. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. So y'all stay tuned. Me and him doing we starting a new podcast tomorrow actually. So y'all tap in for that. We'll both be posting on our our IGs. All right. &gt;&gt; All right. Bet. &gt;&gt; All right y'all. Salute. Peace y'all.