Kind: captions Language: en Yeah. So, I pretty much grew up like in the Chattanooga, Tennessee. Um, and then like bounced back and forth between Georgia. So, &gt;&gt; that's what's up. &gt;&gt; We we've lived all over, you know, East Ridge. Right now, I stay in Fort Ogth, you know. So, just back and forth. &gt;&gt; Let me finish greeting everybody. Uh, Brother Genesis, how you doing? Peace to you. &gt;&gt; I'm doing good, man. How y'all doing? &gt;&gt; Life is good, my brother. We here. We alive. We about to build and learn. So, I'm excited. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. That's what I'm here. I'm here for that. Absolutely. Is if if anybody here is this your first time in the group, drop a eight in the chat. If you can drop a eight in your chat if it's your first time here. Thank you Sabrina over there laughing laughing at me. Yeah. Bum B baby pour out the first time here. Brother Genesis Cly Sierra James. Welcome, welcome, welcome. As [clears throat] as all these people start coming on, y'all do me a favor. Everybody can mute your microphones because it start sound like trash cans falling down the stairs after in a little while. [laughter] You ever heard trash cans going downstairs? It's just horrible. Appreciate you, brother James. E to Sister Rhonda, how you doing? I know. Look, I'm on one today. I've been hyped all day today. All right. Peace. If you are a regular, brother Jay, how you doing, man? Good to see you, brother. Jay Rose in the house. &gt;&gt; Blessings. Blessings, my brother. Good to see you. &gt;&gt; Good. All right, but let's get it out. All right, so first time here, welcome. If you are a regular person, y'all know what time it is. But here's what we're going to do. We're going to set the tone for the day. We like to start off with some intentional breathing. Okay, we coming here to build. This is a sacred place. What we want to do is breathe so we can center ourselves and prepare our minds and bodies to receive this awesome word that our brother Mike is going to bring to us. Again, we want to make sure that we are here, we are present, we are separating ourselves from the world, and we are here in this place. So, we're going to take five intentional breaths. All right, five intentional breaths. First three, I just want you to kind of feel your body. I want you to feel yourself through your feet. Feel the air flow from the bottom of your feet to the top of your head. The last two, I want you to tell Allah. Tell God exactly what you want while you're here. Okay. Okay. Center yourself. Relax your shoulders if you can. Put your hand on your on your thighs. Let's take our first breath. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. &gt;&gt; Exhale. &gt;&gt; First of the two. I want you to really take a moment to tell God. Tell Allah exactly what it is that you want while you're here in this moment. Inhale and then exhale. This last one, I wanted to intentionally thank Allah. Thank God for allowing us to receive this information that we're going to receive today. Inhale and exhale. Take a moment to let it sit. All right, family. We have set the tone. We are prepared. Brother Mike is going to give us what I like to call one of the best messages ever. Brother Mike, it's all yours. Peace. [clears throat] Thank you, brother Ricky. Assalamu alalaykum to the family, to everyone in here. All right, this is going to be a good one tonight. Uh, a lot of times when I'm speaking, the topic is coming from real life situations and observations as well. Um, and this night tonight we're going to open it up for a discussion, a robust discussion. So don't be shy, okay? Because this is something that needs to be talked about. We need to flesh out ideas and thoughts and we have men and women in here which is very important because this is about men and women specifically women but you can't talk about women without talking about men. All right. So I really appreciate you brother Ricky for setting the tone with the breathing. Lord knows I needed it because today this week has been a a wonderful week, a voluminous week. All right. [clears throat] Um for those new um welcome and thank you for sharing time and space with us. I do like to begin in prayer. And the way in which Allah revealed the prayers in the Quran in his truth is in Arabic. Very spiritual form of Arabic too. We've talked about that before. We could talk about it again. So I will recite in that native spiritual language and then I will explain what I said in English. All right. Alhamdulillah alim gel magdub alim. &gt;&gt; [groaning] &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh Allah bless us in what you have provided for us and to our community society. May Allah grant us clarity. May Allah grant us conviction. May us may Allah grant us courage. I mean I said I was going to explain what I said. All right. So that prayer is called surah batya. The very it's the opening of the Quran. It's most important prayer. It's called the mother. Okay. And what it is is in the name of Allah the beneficent, the most merciful. All praises are due to Allah. Lord of the worlds, the beneicent, the most merciful. Master of the day of judgment. You alone do we worship and you alone do we seek for help. Guide us to the straight path. The path of those upon whom you have bestowed favor and not of those who have earned your anger or those who have went astray. Amen. All right y'all. Now, I think we lost them somehow. Okay. must take. Nope. All right. Can you hear me? Hey, I kicked out everybody. &gt;&gt; Did it? No. &gt;&gt; Were you kicked out? &gt;&gt; We can hear you. We can hear you, sir. &gt;&gt; Does everybody? Am I in there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you just weren't. &gt;&gt; Weird. &gt;&gt; Oh, there you &gt;&gt; look. The devil, they mad, but we ain't going nowhere. We here. We here, right? Interesting. Anyway, we talking about word alchemy. All right. man. Yo, what? Bizarre. Anyway, let's begin. All right, tonight's talk, the brief is called the rib. The rib. The rib. Architecture of sacred partnership. All right. Now, we're going to begin by breaking down what that means. The hidden code that's in plain sight. This is what any word, any whenever you're reading, whenever you're dealing with information, don't just say it. Understand what it means. Every word. So, that's what we're going to do. It's very important. I'm going to tell you why. A title, and this title in particular is not random. I selected every word for for very precise meaning and reasons. All right. Each word holds weight and every word unlocks meaning. So what we going to do is dissect it right here together. All right. The first word in the title is 'the'. The crew. Y'all should know what this means already, right? The is a very powerful word. It's a powerful word in its utility and its meaning. the intention behind it, right? The is what we call a definite article. Y'all remember that the you have definite articles, you have articles, you have definite articles, and you have non-definite articles. Anybody who study English and literature, you know what I'm talking about, right? The points to something very specific. So, this is about the rib. Not a rib, not any rib. the rib right one particular rib I'm talking about one in design one blueprint one divine architecture all right so when you say when you say the you are saying this is the one that matters okay this is the clear signal amongst noise the son the heart the truth not one of many only. Y'all with me? D rib. Rib. Rib. So, what is a rib? What is a rib? Well, I tell you. So, okay. In word alchemy, we look at the etmology of the word. That's the original meaning of a word. All right. So, rib comes from old English. The original word was ri. It just had one more B. And then before that, it was protogermanic. It was called ribba. Right? It is a curved bone that forms a protective cage around vital organs. So anatomically speaking, it shields the heart, the lungs. Without ribs is is a wrap. It's not going to be it's not going to be too good for you if you don't have ribs. All right? If you don't have ribs, your heart is exposed. If you don't have ribs, your breath collapses. The rib is not there just for looks. A a the rib is such important infrastructure. Okay? The rib is the frame that allows you to stand, to fight, to breathe. Like literally, you need your ribs to be able to breathe. You need a home for your your lungs. Right? The word rib also carries an older meaning, which is interesting. The original meaning before that was the structural support beam, right? Very specific in boats, ship building, right? Uh curved timbers that give a vessel its shape and its strength, right? So without it, there's no form. A ship has no form. A ship has no integrity. Let me let these people Okay. All right. Okay. So So if a if a ship don't have integrity, it sinks. It's a wrap. The Titanic. All right. So now we go to architecture. That's Greek. Architecton. That's the original word. Architecton. Ari. These are two words. Ari meant uh uh chief like the leader or primary. And tecton is the builder. So the primary builder, the chief builder, the architecture. Right now, architecture is the science of designing structures that last that you know they don't just you put it up and then it falls. It stays that last for generations, right? It's not decor decoration. It's solid, right? It's it's a loadbearing design, if you will. Like let's speak in technical terms of the internet. The SSL platform is an architecture, right? It's a loadbearing design. It's not just pretty for the sake of being pretty. It's it's a solid structure. Right? So architecture, proper architecture of anything, any system is the difference between a building that stands for hundreds of years or one that collapses when it rains or the first storm. Right? So the architecture says he asks, "What holds weight? What creates space? What protects? What allows function? Right? Architecture is intentional design for a specific purpose. Stay with me. Next word is sacred. Sacred is from the Latin word sacre meaning what's set apart. It's different. It's consecrated. It's holy. Is not common unique. It's not regular. It's not casual. is not interchangeable. Okay, sacred means that this thing has been designated by the one upstairs, right? For divine function. So to treat something that's supposed to be sacred as ordinary, very disrespectful. It's blasphemy. All right. To honor it as sacred is to align with its purpose, its partnership. All right, that's the next word, partnership. And what does partnership mean? What does partnership mean? Right, it comes from the old English, I'm sorry, the old French word paroner. Parker, right? Paran means division, portion, share, right? Partnership is the state of shared responsibility and shared benefit. partnership, shared responsibility, shared benefit. Partnership is not individual ownership. It's not hierarchy, right? It's integration. Two distinct parts as one functioning system. Each one has a role. Each one has authority in its domain. And they're equally as important. Each one is dependent on the other for the whole function. Now let's synthesize this. Let's put this all together. These words. The rib. The architecture of sacred partnership. The rib. Listen. The rib. The architecture of sacred partnership. This is not I'm not trying to be metaphorical just to be metaphorical, right? But the alignment is uncanny. This is very specific. Divinely designed structure that pro it protects the most vital organs of a man while being protected by him. I'mma run that line back. This is the specific the specific divinely designed structure that protects the most vital parts of a man while that man is being protected by himself. All right. Now, this rib, this rib, we're talking about this curved, flexible, life sustaining framework that allows him to breathe. It allows him to stand tall and it allows him to endure pressure. This is the set apart blueprint given by the creator for how masculine and feminine integrate into a unified unbreakable system. So this is not about superiority and it's not about subordination. This is about function. This is about survival. Okay. Now this in particular is the I don't see Mike no more. But we here &gt;&gt; back. The devil trying me, yo. It's all good though. Am I back? You see me? &gt;&gt; Back. Can't see you, brother. Can't see your video for some reason. &gt;&gt; Okay. Just just pop uh be patient. All right. All right. Mute. &gt;&gt; Let's go back to mute. We We good. Look, if it happen again, we just come back. It's all good. Right? We're relentless. Okay. Now, this is about I lost my place. This is about the architecture that keeps both of us alive. Right? It keeps us protected. Right? When you understand the rib, you understand why the prophet peace be upon him, he said this, "The best of I'm talking to the men. The best of you are those who are best to their wives. This is Islam. The best of you are those who are best to their wives. Don't they say that Islam is like very like controlling and women don't got rights and yada yada yada. We going to get into that. We going to get into that. We going to get into that. Listen, our prophet peace be upon him, he said this. He said, "The best of you are those who are best to their wives." Right? Why? Because a man who breaks his own ribs is a man who cannot breathe. Your woman is your rib. Right? So, let's let's let's get into why the rib is a is part of this divine blueprint. Let's go to scripture. Let's go to the inil the gospel in Genesis 2 21-22. Ricky, you probably know this. So the Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall upon the man. And while he slept, he took one of his ribs, right? Closed up its place with flesh. And the rib that the Lord God had given taken from the man, he made into a woman and brought her to the man. Right? In Islam, our beloved prophet peace be upon him, he said, "This woman has been created from a rib and will in no way be straightened for you." All right? So, if you wish to benefit by her, benefit by her while crookedness remains in her. Don't jump yet. And if you attempt to straighten her, you will break her. and breaking her is divorcing her. That is an authentic Hadith Sahi Muslim. Now, hear me out. This is not I'm telling you right now, this is not a statement of inferiority. This is a statement of of pure design. The rib, the man is the spine. The woman is the rib. And the rib is not lesser than the spine. The rib is different from the spine. And that difference is not a flaw. That curve or that crookedness is not a flaw. It's it it's it's a design. It's intentional. Okay. Now, the rib protects the heart. Your rib cage is is a literally a fortress around your heart and your lungs. Your heart most [clears throat] important. It's not over here, by the way. It's right here in the middle, right? Give me a drink. I wonder if it's YouTube messing me up. I'm dis I'mma disconnect it.