Kind: captions Language: en Biss me a lot. Hey, what up y'all? We back at it again. And today is shoulder day. Boulder shoulders. Listen, I'm showing y'all something. I hope y'all picking up what I'm putting down. That all you have to do is the basics. The basics. Master the basics. That's all you need. So, we're starting out. The primary movement for shoulders is a standing strict shoulder press. That can be with either dumbbells or barbells. In this case, I'm using the barbell. Okay? Sometime I go behind my head, sometime I go in front. Today I'm going in front. So, we warmed up. We're one quarter. Now, we throw two quarters on. And all we're going to do is just keep going up by quarters. You don't want to bounce your knees cuz that's not a that's not a strict press. That's a push press. So, you're getting kinetic energy from your legs to kind of shove the weight up. That's not what you want to do. You want to do a strict right here. My knees are locked and they're not moving. This is a lot of core stabilization. So, in essence, you're training your entire body, but the primary focus is going on your delts, baby. Yo, if you don't know, if you going to the gym and you ain't getting the gains, the results that you want, that's a problem. I got you. Take it a step further than y'all just watching videos. Go to mike rashetraining.com. Get on a call with one of my people and see if you're a fit for me to work with you in a real capacity. All right. So, you see, I had to peel out right here. I had to peel every now and I peel out so y'all can see what's being worked. So you can see all the back muscles are engaged, shoulder muscles engaged, traps, rombo, the whole nine. And then we're doing a drop set. So finish this set off with a drop set. So I took a quarter off and I'm going to take another quarter off. With these drop sets, it suck because it don't feel like you take any weight off. It feel crazy. Shout out to Tomas Live Alpha for the hospitality. Always always showing us love over there. It's a dope gym. You ever in Southern California? Check it out. Live Alpha in Costa Mesa. At this point, my arms, my my delts is on fire. So, everybody got like a body part that really burns when they work it. For me, it's my shoulders, my delts. Because you think about it, pretty much anything you're doing upper body, you're getting some delt work in there. Let's go straight all the way through. And look y'all, these suck, especially at the end right here. But do it anyway. So now we're doing something I usually don't do, and that's a machine. It's a machine press is very strict, and I just bang out a lot of reps. I'm I'm not even concerned with how many reps on this. This is a secondary movement anyway. I'm just putting on weight. I'm gonna keep adding weight and I'm gonna just keep doing reps as many reps as possible each set. Every one of these sets you want to get get to like pretty much to failure. So, look, y'all notice I did a quite a few uh sets on that first movement. Usually I do more, but the first movement you should be able to you should do so much on that that if you had to just leave after that, then you're good. You trained that uh body part sufficiently. And I always make the first movement the priority movement the the movement that works the entire muscle group that I'm training that particular day. And there are days that I only for shoulders I only do shoulder press. There's some days for bench I only bench squat legs. I only do squats. It' be days like that and it works. It's actually probably more effective and efficient than doing a whole bunch of different things. People be talking about confuse the muscle. No, you're just confused. Just work the muscle properly. And that's what we doing here. You see, I can barely get get these reps up. That's that's working to failure. And that's what it's about. You start out like this, killing it easy, and then you end up getting to where you can barely do it. That's what it's about. So on on the delt raises, 20 is the minimum. You hear me? 20 vente is the minimum. So I don't want to hear this 14, 15, this 12, this 10. That's nothing. That is nothing. Literally 20 is the minimum. I mean sometime we do 3030s. Ask Big Rob. And y'all be asking about Big Rob. Big Rob is my brother. We talk all the time. It's just that real life is not for content. You understand? And Rob just don't really care about all of this stuff, which I I totally respect. Rob's a good dude. He's doing excellent, beautiful wife. You know, he's killing it in his career. Like Rob is good dude, man. I love Rob to death. Big Rob did it. Rob is a type of person that never switches up. He's a consistent, solid person. That's my brother for life. I met Rob at a man. A crazy part of my life when nobody knew what was going on with me but him. You know what I'm saying? That's my brother right there. And this is it, y'all. Short and sweet. Let me know in the comments what you want to see next. All right. And I'll see y'all soon. Peace.