Kind: captions Language: en We live in an age of noise, constant noise, non-stop noise, social media noise. There's so many people that are desperate to be seen and to be heard. They want to stay at the top of your feed and in turn at the top of your mind, so they keep talking, sharing content. It's constant chatter, constant ego, and as a result, many people will take a liking to who they see often. It's a psychological phenomena called mere exposure effect. Now I'm not saying that it's good or bad is just is it's just a thing. What is bad is if you do not analyze who you follow is popular for. Is it positive? Is it uplifting? Is it teaching you anything? Or is it negative? Is it scavenger energy? Is it finding negativity about others and focusing on that? Do they put you in an uplifted mindset or do they put you in a dark, cynical, negative mindset? When you're done consuming this information, are you doing something productive after that or are you in a state of judgment and hatred after that? See, your subconscious mind does not care what you consciously feed it. But what it will do, it will magnify whatever you're consuming. So be mindful of what you consume. Ask yourself, what kind of person do you want to be? A kingmaker, one who builds people up, or a vulture, a person who feeds off of death, mental and spiritually dead information that does not help anyone? filth that's scraped together for juicy gossip. Negative content is the psychological equivalent to fast food. Both offer immediate gratification, but they also carry a hidden psychological and emotional cost. You see, fast food tastes good in the moment, but it erodess your health. It's the same with negative content. It satisfies the momentary craving, but it deteriorates your mental health over time. Just as prolonged consumption of unhealthy food eventually overwhelms the body's insulin response and that leads to diabetes, a steady diet of negative content does the same thing, but it disrupt one's spiritual equilibrium. Initially, sugary or fatty foods taste amazing. It seems harmless, but it's not. Consistently eating these things eventually doze the body's ability to process nutrients effectively resulting in chronic conditions like diabetes and other metabolic conditions. So spiritually speaking negative content media saturated with fear, anger, jealousy, gossip, conflict, and division works in the exact same way. You see, at first indulging in this type of filth, it may seem harmless or even satisfying. It gives you a quick emotional rush or it might make you feel better about yourself. You know, hearing about somebody else's shortcomings or missteps, but that's a slippery slope, y'all. For he who lives in glass houses, I think y'all know the rest. It detaches you from reality. It changes the way that your brain chemistry operates. It does the mind's sensitivity to positivity, to gratitude, empathy, deep reflection, and it makes you spiritually numb. This spiritual numbness mirrors insulin resistance and over time the soul becomes resistance to meaningful nourishment like love, joy, gratitude, prayer and meditation. And the best form of wealth is your physical, spiritual, psychological and emotional well-being. So you must be careful about the diet that you feed your soul. Be selective with what you intake. Choose nourishment over poison, inspiration over distraction. Just as you respect your body carefully by choosing healthy foods, honor your spirit by carefully curating what you consume, what you listen to, what you watch, what you absorb. Your mental diet and your decisions literally shapes your reality. Your habits creates your destiny. You You have the power to either uplift your life or destroy it through the media that you consume and the food that you eat. So, choose wisely because your spiritual and your mental health is your truest form of currency and ultimately it is your greatest asset. All right, so check this out y'all. I have something that I need y'all to do with me. First thing you're going to do is this. Close your eyes and envision biting into a ripe sun-kissed juicy strawberry bursting with bright beautiful sweetness. And it doesn't end there. You're going to blend that with the exotic essence of lychi. Nah, bro. It's lying. It's ly. No, it's not. It's luchy. It's ly. And that's that's all I'm going to say. It's ly this guy. Anyway, the delicate floral notes, the subtly tropical, refreshing, and oh so inviting goodness. That's what you're going to get with the Ambrosia Collective's newest flavor of Nectar Superfoods. This is 100% naturally sweet. No artificial sweeteners at all. Nectar is the most powerful organ support product there is and the taste is phenomenal. So what you want to do is go ahead and hit that link and get our newest flavor of nectar superfood. Strawberry ly n luchi. Let's get it.