Kind: captions Language: en Mike, I'm 35 years old. I've been lifting and training consistently, but my weight just won't drop. I feel like I'm doing everything right, but my body isn't changing. What would you have me fix first? First and foremost, I would need to sit down with you or have a call with you to ask you a battery of questions. I need to be able to assess the protocol that you're currently doing. See, you said you're doing everything right, but I'm certain you're not. You're clearly not because if you were, the numbers would be dropping. Everything would be changing in your favor. It's most likely your nutrition. You have all of our ingredients, everyone. some kind of meal plan and the gym. Ingredients is one thing, but recipe is everything. For instance, with my online coaching, I deal with this all the time and it's never hard for me. I can always show them how to calibrate certain things to where they get results. You don't want to be just working out just to work out. You want to have actual, tangible, visible changes and results. Case in point, this summer was the last time I did a full DEXA scan. It shows everything. It breaks down your weight, the amount of muscle mass, actual muscle mass you have on, your body fat, the water you retain, all of that stuff. My last check-in, I was 2 13. My skeletal [snorts] muscle mass was 114. Body fat percentage was 7. The other day, I'm now at 6%. I put on 2 lb of muscle and I went down in weight and body fat. I'm no longer 213, I'm 212. Instead of before I was 114, now I'm 116. Back then I was 7% body fat, now I'm 6% body fat. That is what you want. Now, on my level, it's hard to see the gains cuz I'm in really good shape, so it's a little harder for me, but I still have visible results. You want actual results. You don't want to just be working out. And look, if you're not tracking things, you have it's a problem. How do you know if you're not tracking, especially if you don't see it? But this person doesn't see anything, doesn't feel anything, but matter of fact, y'all, you, brother, and anybody out there that need help, hit me up for a consultation. MikeRashidTraining.com, the link is down below and we'll get you right. But it's hard for me to give you an accurate what to do, what not to do without knowing the ABCs, the 123s about your program, all right?