Kind: captions Language: en All right, peace y'all. So, today we have a epic epic chest day. I like to start with some mindfulness meditation. That's my breathing exercise. Calm the nervous system before we get busy. Y'all got to understand power comes from stillness. Explosiveness comes from a still place. So, this is why I do my mindfulness before my lifts. I also do mindfulness in the sauna, my breathing exercise, and I recommend you do that every day. [Music] But if y'all like this music, you know it's yours truly. Link in the bio. Yes, sir. Let y'all buy to this for a minute. [Music] You can literally adjust your heart rate by your breathing. Did y'all know that? So, if you ever feeling agitated or anxiety, step away and do some breathing breathing exercise. You control it. Don't let it control you. We about to get busy. God merch. You know how we do it. sacred7.io if you're interested. We starting out with bench press. Flat bench. Starting out with the bar, of course, I like to warm up through the movement. And this is how I stretch. [Music] And listen, I've told y'all before, you practice. Practice don't make perfect. Perfect. Practice make perfect. So even when there's no weight on the bar, especially when there's weight no weight on the bar, do it explosive and you do it like there is weight. And shout out to Mark Bell for showing me the stretch right here. It gives a deep stretch into your uh pecs and it feels great. As you push up with the lead hand, you pull back with the other. I used to not warm up. I used to make fun of people that warmed up and stretched. Now I be I got my whole stretch routine. Got to work work smart, that's all. All right. So, now we're going to get into the weights. So, we're going to start with 135. Shout out to T for them epic camera angles. We call him Uncle T so affectionately. Oh, and big shout out to my homie Tomas live live alpha gym in Costa Mesa for the hospitality and the good vibes. The Ferraris match the fit and I get to go in when there's nobody there. I love it. Blasting the music. Okay, as y'all can see here, I'm almost jumping off the bench. That's how hard I'm exploding up because you everything you do, you do it with intention. So, you doing it like it's 500 lb. You're not able to halfass your reps when it's light and then think you can readjust when it's heavy. It doesn't work like that. Now we do it with the hydroglyph proper hydration. And you saw the atlas. We launched our performance creatine a couple weeks ago. That's crea pure. That's the gold standard of creatine. And we have acetic acid with it. The first a 101. Nobody else does anything like this. It's ambrosia baby. Every workout I'm drinking hydroglyph. That's why you say it in every video. That's my intro. Keeps me hydrated. Muscles full. Pump be crazy. [Music] &gt;&gt; Okay, we going up to 225. Yo, this for the if you 40 plus, 45, 50, it don't matter. This for you. Age is all in the mind, I'm telling you. And it's all how you carry yourself, right? And the chronological age is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Your biological age is what matters. And that has everything to do with you, not some number on a calendar. You could put two people that's 45 next to each other, one look like a young man, one look like a old man. That number means nothing. It's what you are doing. And I'm telling y'all, get crazy about this gym right now. Cuz right now is the youngest you'll ever be. The older you get, it gets harder. So get locked in now. All right, so we going from 225 to 3:15. Good vibes. &gt;&gt; Atlas, baby. Atlas with the bus. Now you know how we do it. &gt;&gt; All right, 315. As y'all can see, I'm not going super heavy. I might go up one more time here because I'm training dooo. And you got to be smart. I'm not going to put nothing on that I can possibly get stuck with by myself. Okay? I can lift a lot more than what I'm lifting, but I want to keep lifting. So, I don't want to hurt myself. All right. So, now we're going to go up one more time to 365. grabbing quarters. [Music] Yo, who be following my workouts? Who be doing these? I want to know your progress. And listen, you stick to the basics, y'all. The basics work. Master the basic. That's all you need. And the bench press is a holy grail for your chest. But the beautiful thing about the bench press is it does so much more than just your chest. It trains your lats, your shoulders, your triceps, and I rarely do any rear delt training because bench press trains your rear delts. Facts. Mine is very pronounced and very developed because of the bench. Easy money. Let's go. You got to lock in on this heavy weight. Easy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. Let's go. Yeah. [Music] It don't matter if it's me or I'm watching somebody else lift heavy. It's like I'm doing it. I get my my lips get tight, my teeth get locked in, clenched. It's like I go into fight mode. You got to when you going heavy. All right. So, next set is 315 again. And typically whatever you did coming up, you'll do more coming down because your top set makes everything after that easier. Okay, we have four. I think the first set was five. Five. Okay, we matched it. Six. Passed it. And seven. The god number. We smoked it. Told you. Seven is a god number. Get your mind right. Get you some atlas, baby. You know how we do it. Always the best, the highest quality. Whatever we do at Ambrosia. All right. So, now I don't like dumbbell chest press too much. All my years of boxing, it kind of makes my shoulders feel compromised. But it does is excellent though. So today I figured I'd get it in for y'all cuz I want y'all to do dumbbells as well. But listen, the primary should be the flat bench cuz you can load more weight with the flat bench than with dumbbells. That's just a fact. The more weight that you can press, the more trauma, the more tears, micro tears to the muscle fibers. The more tears and micro tears to the fiber, the stronger and more robust it grows back. That's if you are eating properly, you are resting and supplementing with the right types of protein like plant with a full amino acid profile. That's very important, y'all. All right, so now we going to move up. First set we did 10. So we increasing the weight each time we're going up in weight with the dumbbells. I'm sorry y'all. This music is fire. I ain't going to lie. It's fire. And I love music. That's why I make it. I love music. I love lifting weights. I love boxing. The things that I love, I indulge in. You should, too. You got to express that creativity. All right, here we go. Next set. We go up a little bit. This going to be the last set here. So, I want to I want to do more. I think I did eight reps on the last one. So, let's see if we can we can beat that. Four. Let's go. Five. Let's get it cuz Come on. Seven. Come on. Eight. There we go. That was a match. You just beat him. You stepped on them. Yes. So, that's how we do. You want to get stronger as you go through your workout. That's how you get That's like the craziness that you have to employ. that self-belief, that indomitable will, that I can't lose type of type of mentality. We're going to lock it in. See, this is a simple workout, but it's very effective. Lock it in with some push-ups. &gt;&gt; High. &gt;&gt; So, y'all tell me how many I hit. Lock it in with your push-ups at the end of your workout. Push-ups. Y'all should be doing push-ups every day, low key, morning and night. Anyway, I appreciate y'all. Lock in with me. You know, we got the Sacred Society mentorship community is so dope. We got our own platform, our own web app. It's called sacred society.life. In it, you have Alpha Shred. So, you we we in there getting in shape. You know what I'm saying?