Kind: captions Language: en All right, peace family and welcome to the community. And what I want to do is talk to you about our Monday fast. This is a fast that I prescribe everyone in the sacred society to do. Okay. Now, this goes far beyond the physical benefits even though those benefits are voluminous. Right? This is sharpening your spiritual technology is energetic alignment. It is a sharpening ritual for the real god body within you. Now, here's a structure. the last meal you eat on Sunday, right? That's when you'll eat on Monday. Okay? So, if your last meal ends at 6:35 p.m., then you can eat at 6:35 p.m. on Monday. It's that simple. So, the earlier you eat on Sunday, the earlier you get to eat on Monday if that's an issue for you. Now, I want to get into the benefits of why we're doing this fast. And the first one we're going to talk about is the physiological benefits. Okay? your digestive system is getting a break, a much needed break, right? And when that happens, that energy can be redirected. So instead of spending hours of processing food, your body starts repairing cells, flushing waste, and increasing growth hormone, even resetting parts of your immune system. So what happens is your insulin levels begin to stabilize and your body becomes more efficient at using fat and burning fat as fuel as energy versus it being stored and making your midsection a little bit plump and rotunded. Also your mind starts becoming sharper. The mental clarity is enhanced. Right? Brain fog goes away. You start thinking clear, speaking clear. From there we can roll right into the psychological benefits. The main thing is you're warready now, right? You are increasing your stress resilience. You are increasing your willpower, right? You're controlling something that controls most Americans. 75% of all Americans are overweight and obese. So, you're controlling that beast. You're taming that beast, right? You're moving from instinct to intention. And that's what a real sovereign person does. A real elevated evolved person, they don't move on instincts. It's intention. So, this is teaching you how to be in the presence, in the now, right? You're not distracting yourself with snacks or pleasure. You're learning to sit in the silence. You're learning to feel what's actually moving in your spirit. And that kind of control spills into all other areas of your life. You become better at handling stress. you become more in tune with the things that trigger you and you're developing a high degree of emotional intelligence. Now, in my opinion, the biggest benefits are the spiritual benefits that you get from fasting. It's reciprocity. You gain by giving. You hear me? You're gaining something by giving away something. Intentions matter. So, I'll give you my intentions on when I first started doing this 24-hour fast once a week. This started back in 2022. I wanted to gain a better ability to communicate. So that means I wanted to be able to articulate my thoughts and ideas in a very understandable way. But also I wanted to be able to be a better receptor of communication as well or be able to really perceive and understand the information that people are attempting to give to me. I've been in many situations to where somebody says something but it's not what they really want to say. The words coming out of their mouths is not what they really want to articulate from their heart or from their mind. People are always coming from different places from where we are. A person's view of the world and their lens is going to be different from yours or mine. They want to say something right, but they may have a certain trigger response that will forbid them from saying it the right way or this way or that way. So, it's really important to be able to listen for real, to hear what they're saying from here, and also maybe to ask a couple probing questions just to extract the real information that they're trying to articulate. Now, that was my intentions on when I gave up food for 24 hours a day, once a week, right? And wahi, I promise you, I started to understand things a lot better. I started to slow down when I'm communicating to people. I started to listen more, to just shut up when somebody's talking, stop cutting people off. I asked really engaging questions when I'm trying to extract the information. It made me more mindful that I was attempting to increase my ability to communicate and to receive communication. So, in essence, of course, I'm going to do things and study things that's going to help me in that space. But I promise you, the fact that I gave up food for 24 hours a day, once a week, it literally did increase my ability to communicate and I became a better communicator and a better listener. So that's just one example. That's my example. Yours can be whatever, right? Just know you're not really giving anything up. You're gaining strength. You're gaining emotional resilience. You're gaining stress resistance because it's stressful not to eat when you want to eat, right? It's stressful to not feed that pleasure beast that's inside of you. It's like a pleasure tapeworm. Okay? And you don't want to always indulge in things that are pleasurable because things that are pleasurable right now, just in a in a short term, a lot of times they're detrimental to you long term. All right? Think about food. Think about food. Think about food high in carbs or sugar, right? These foods spike your insulin over and over and over and it's hard to not eat them because they taste so good. It's so satisfying, right? You know it tastes good. It does something good for you right now immediately right now. But you know that it's bad for you long term. So you're investing in potential diabetes, potential heart disease, right? So it's the same with us indulging in things that we like in pleasure, right? It feels good right now, but what what are you doing? you're investing into, I call it a spiritual diabetes. And that's a place you don't want to get to. Giving up food and abstaining from food is probably the hardest thing that a human being can do, especially in our culture when food is all around you, is easy to get to you, and is marketed to you, right? Driving your pleasure sensors crazy. So, it's hard to give that up. That's why I'm asking y'all to give that up. We going right to the beast. and we look the beast in the eye and we tell them, "You you ain't got nothing on me. I got this. I'mma tame you." And you tame that beast. What's What's more powerful than that? A direct pathway to selfmastery is mastering your food, your food intake, how you're eating, what you're not eating, so on and so forth. When you got that, everything else is cake. Here's another reason why I ask everyone to do it together on a Monday. There's a frequency that's emitted, right, from all of us that's fasting with intentions. When we're doing it collectively, that frequency becomes more powerful, is stronger, it's more robust, it's going to be more powerful, right? When you get it, because we're all doing it together. And the more we add on to this community, the more people that participate in this powerful thing that we're doing together, it's just going to be great. You're going to feel a huge shift in a paradigm in your life and in your community and in your world. So, I humbly ask you to come on, drop the food. 24 hours is nothing, right? The first week might be hard. I don't think it's hard though. Just be busy. Keep yourself busy. All right? And look for those moments when you really want to eat, right? When you want to violate your rules, that's when you get the opportunity to shine. All right. Smile at those times. You be like, "No, I'm good though. I'm good. I'm solid. I'm solid." So, anyway, that's it. Stay strong. Stay powerful. Stay mighty. Stay wise. Peace.