Kind: captions Language: en All right, F. I think that it's important that we get into the nitty-gritty about protein. All right? Cuz I don't think people really understand protein. Your body is made of protein. Muscles, [music] organs, enzymes, hormones, antibodies, neurotransmitters, all of that is protein. And protein is built from amino acids. Think of amino acids like letters. The protein is the word. So the amino acids make the protein. And then you put the protein together. It's your body. Your body is the book. There's 20 amino acids [music] total that the body uses. 11 of them your body can manufacture on its own. These are called non-essential. It's called that because they're not important because you don't need to eat them. The body already creates them. Your body's a factory. Now, nine of them, they are important. The body cannot make these are essential amino acids. [music] You must consume them externally through food or through some kind of supplementation. [music] No exceptions. You're not going to get it no other way. All right. All right. So, now I'm going to take you on a journey, an odyssey through all the amino acids that are essential. There's nine of them. Y'all pay attention. Take notes. Take notes. Number [music] one, the dandatada, the king of all amino acids for building muscle is leucine. What leucine does is it triggers [music] the mtor pathways that signals your body to build muscle. And then number two is isolucine. And that regulates blood sugar. It boosts energy and it supports hemoglobin production. very very very important. Three is veene that supports muscle growth, tissue [music] repair and it gives you additional energy. Four is lysine and you need this for calcium absorption, collagen production and your immune system also your hormone production. Next is methionine. So antioxidants, detoxification. This is very necessary for your tissue [music] growth and tissue repair. Next is phenol alanine. And I'm laughing because I said it like a thousand [music] times before I can get it right. Phenol alanine. This is the precursor to tyrrosine which becomes dopamine, neuropinephrine, epinephrine, your focus, your drive, your happiness, all of that. Then we have thrienine that's immune function, collagen, elastic in the skin, all the connective tissues. You need this. And then tryptophan and that's the another precursor to serotonin. That's mood regulation. Also melatonin, sleep, you know, and this also supports your immune function. All right, last but not least is histadine. That is critical, very important for growth, repairing of your tissues, production of histamine, which is your immune system, and also maintaining the myeline sheath around your nerve cells. That's the protection around your nerves. Now, that sounds complicated. Do we really need all of that? Absolutely yes, [music] you do. You're not building muscle without it. You're going to get sick without it. Your your hormones are not going to produce properly without it. Right? Listen, your body builds protein like an assembly line. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; However, think of an assembly line, right? If one amino acid is missing, the entire process stops. So, it's not building protein anymore, [music] right? Think about building a car. You have the engine, you got the wheels, the frame, the doors, but you're missing the steering wheel. You feel me? It's the same thing. The car can't get built properly, right? All of those parts are just sitting there wasted. [music] You don't have all the ingredients or the recipe, if that makes sense. Now, it is no different with your body. [music] is no different with amino acids. If you consume protein that has eight out of nine essential amino acids, your body just can't build complete proteins. The process stalls with the weakest link. Whatever is missing, that's when it stops, right? There's a term for this and it's called limiting amino acid and it's actually called stupid if you ask me. It's really stupid because people are spending money on protein that's incomplete. Most proteins on the market, this is a fact, are incomplete because they're low on one or more amino acid. They might have it, but it's not enough. Okay? So, grains are low in lysine, legumes are low in methionine, and nuts are low in lysine and thriionine. [music] Let's say if you're only eating rice, you are getting protein, but it is a limited protein [music] because it has low lysine. Your body can only build as much protein as your lowest amino acid allows. You following me? Now, the rest of that, nothing happens. It gets converted into glucose. What happens when you're deficient? When you miss one or more essential amino acids consistently, you begin a process called muscle wasting [music] or catabolism. Your body starts eating itself because it's missing amino acids. You also start to get sick. You're sickly. You get sick every day, right? [music] Your immune system is weak. And your hormones are out of balance. You might be moody, right? [music] You might be crying or irritated or lashing out. All of these things will happen. Also, when you work out, [music] you're going to be sore, extra sore, and you're not going to recover in any kind of meaningful time. Your energy is going to be low. Your brain [music] is going to be foggy. If you injure yourself or cut yourself, the wounds are not going to heal that fast. [music] You're going to lose your hair. So there's a cascade of issues that can occur when you're lacking. Your body prioritizes survival functions. [music] So it's going to pull amino acids from your muscles to keep your heart beating, to keep your brain functioning. This really happens. You lose gains just to stay alive. So this is why animal protein has up until now been the kings as far as having an advantage in protein. So animal proteins like meat, eggs, dairy, whey, complete proteins. It is what it is. They contain all nine essential amino acids in [music] the right ratios. And that alone is why whey, for instance, has been the [music] gold standard. One source, complete profile, done. Bong. The problem with plant-based protein, let's get into this. Most plant-based proteins [music] are incomplete. I'm talking about 90% of them. because you have a situation to where they're only sourcing their protein [music] from one source, pee or rice, right? Or hemp. You have to combine sources or fortify to get a complete [music] profile. That's what we do, right? Most companies are not doing that, right? They just use one source and call it protein. And it technically is protein, but it's protein that's not going to benefit you. I'm telling you right now, it's protein that is [music] incomplete. And I just explained what happens when you have a incomplete amino acid profile. Let's get into why plant is different and why I call this the evolution of protein period. Not just plant-based. We have transcended that. We blended multiple plant sources specifically to create a complete amino acid profile. Pea protein, rice protein, and we fortified it. So all nine essential amino acids in its optimal ratios. Some people can just throw a bunch together, right? But the amounts are so low, you're not getting anything out of it. We engineered [music] plant to match animal protein 1:1 ratio. It is what it is. We are the guys. We the goats. We're the champs, right? So this is what you get. You get leucine for optimal muscle protein [music] synthesis. You get all BCAAs for recovery. All the branch chain amino [music] acids. You get a complete amino spectrum for full body protein [music] production. See, we do the nerdy stuff behind the scenes so y'all can enjoy [music] the gains, right? So, with Planta, there's literally no bottleneck in regards [music] to the amino acid. This is the truth. I'm going to break this down. You need all nine amino acids to what? to build muscle, to recover from your training, to maintaining healthy metabolic functioning, to support your immune system, to produce hormones, including your neurotransmitters, to repair your tissues, and to just stay alive and be functional and feel good every day. If you miss even one, the whole system suffers. You're not optimized. So, this is not optional, y'all. This is biology. You either get all nine or you're attempting to build [music] with incomplete materials. The incomplete materials produce incomplete results. And that right there, my friends, is why a complete amino acid profile matters. Cuz there's times that I'll say I'm talking about plant and bragging about it having a complete amino acid profile. You you don't even know what I'm talking about. So, I wanted to take [music] the time today to explain exactly what that mean. That's why most plant proteins, I don't even know why y'all buying it. For real, they fail. [music] Not only do they taste bad, they're not You're not getting the gains that you buying it for. This is why most plant proteins, [music] they just fail you, you're spending money on something that tastes like and you're not getting a complete amino [music] acid profile. We are hater proof in regards to protein. For those who wanted to reduce their animal protein intake [music] but not sacrifice the gains, we got you covered. All right, Planta, the Ambrosia Collective, you know how we do.