Kind: captions Language: en Hey, what's going on y'all? My name is Mike Rasheed King and today we're going to be talking about this concept called the metaphysical bank. I'm going to explain what it is because it has everything to do with your spiritual wealth. You're either depositing into it or you're withdrawing from it. I'm going to let you know how to do well and what to stay away from. And if you like this wisdom, I am a new author and I just came up with my first book called The Divine Quintessence. I would love for you to check it out. Links down below. So, what is a metaphysical bank? I invite you to consider a powerful concept that can transform your life. The metaphysical bank. This is not a bank of dollars and cents, but a spiritual treasury. An invisible account of the energy and character of your soul. Every thought you think, every action that you take, every intention that you set is like a transaction into this divine account. When you do what is righteous and what's positive, you are making a deposit into your metaphysical bank. Now, when you act out of alignment with truth or indulge in the negative, you make a withdrawal from your sacred account. Just like with a financial bank, you want your balance to be high. But here, the currency is integrity, is faith, and is virtue. So, one might ask, why strive for a rich spiritual balance? Because a soul enriched in the metaphysical bank walks through life with strength, peace of mind, and confidence born of righteousness. And it's that comforting assurance deep down when you know you're living right, doing right, and that God and the universe are backing you up. Now, let us define this clearly. The metaphysical bank is the sum total of all of the positive spiritual energy and virtue that you have accumulated within. It's your personal storehouse of integrity, discipline, kindness, faith, and alignment with the divine all rolled into one balance of the soul. We all have this kind of account whether we acknowledge it or not. Some amongst us are spiritually rich. You can feel it when they walk into a room. Their very presence shines with their inner wealth. Others are spiritually bankrupt. They're crawling through life as if the world is against them, weighed down by this invisible debt. Now, the good news is this. You, not anyone else. You are the manager of your bank account. You and you alone choose when to make deposits and you alone spend from them through your actions. By God's grace and mercy, you have control over your spiritual wealth. And starting right now, we will learn how to grow this account, protect it from depletion, and spend it wisely so you don't have bad luck anymore. So you're not spiritually broke. Is that cool? All right, let's do this. So, let's discuss deposits and withdrawals. Every single day, we are either depositing into or withdrawing from our metaphysical bank. There's no neutral ground here. Every choice that we make adds to our spiritual wealth or it subtracts from it. Consider this simple example. When the alarm clock rings early in the morning, time to wake up, time to pray, the prayer that you promise to do, face a choice. If you rise to fulfill that promise, if you conquer that laziness and exercise your body or say your prayers, boom, you've made a deposit. You have added to your account in an increment of self-discipline and faithfulness to duty. However, if you choose to hit that snooze button and betray your higher self, that's a withdraw a small loss of self-rust and momentum. You basically spent some of your precious energy on the comfort of sleep. Now, think about the scenario. You're at work or your daily interactions and the opportunity comes to help a colleague just out of pure kindness. Let's say y'all haven't been seeing eye to eye and this gesture can mend your relationship. If you sincerely lend a hand or speak a kind word, that is a deposit of service and compassion into your spiritual bank. But if you choose to gossip about someone, to snap in anger or indulge in negativity, then you have withdrawn from your account, draining your spirit of peace. We pay a hefty price for every harmful word and each act of unkindness. The Holy Quran teaches that each soul shall taste the fruit of its deeds. And the Bible asks, "What will a man profit if he gains the whole world and loses his soul?" Indeed, what do we profit if we gain a moment of ego satisfaction but deplete our spiritual capital? You see where I'm going with this, right? There are powerful examples of these transactions everywhere in our lives. Did you stick to your healthy diet and the discipline you set for yourself today? Or did you give into junk food and temptation? Keeping your word to yourself, even if it's something small as your diet, it's a deposit into your selfrespect and your well-being. However, breaking your commitments, especially for the sake of indulgence, makes a withdrawal, chipping away at your confidence. Like, did you spend time learning, praying, or meditating, that's a deposit in your growth and alignment. Or did you scroll aimlessly through social media for an hour? That's a withdrawal of time and focus. Even how we react to everyday frustrations count in this ledger. Picture two people in a traffic jam. Person A lays on a horn, cursing every driver in sight. Each angry outburst is spending spiritual money recklessly, burning through their inner calm. And then you have person B sits in the same traffic jam, takes a deep breath, and remains patient. They spend nothing on anger. And they may even turn that delay into a deposit by practicing calm and patience. Every negative action extracts a cost while every positive response enriches you. Now, I'm not saying that we got to be perfect at all times. We're human and we will inevitably spend some of our spiritual currency on missteps or slip ups. We all make withdrawals now and then. Life will constantly tempt you to overspend your energy. There's situations and circumstances in life that's going to tempt you to overspend your energy on anger, on ego, on trivial desires. However, wisdom is to be aware of what you are spending. Just like you watch your finances to avoid from going broke, you must monitor your spirit to avoid bankrupting your souls. So important. If you go and chase every temptation, argue over every insult, or indulge every whim, you will find yourself spiritually broke. Bankrupt. Every deposit will strengthen your soul. Every needless withdrawal weakens it. So remember that. So let's go over to bad luck or low balance. Now, how often do we hear someone say nothing ever goes their way or they're always getting the short end of the stick? Now, let's talk about what many people call bad luck. I want you to consider a new perspective. Is it truly bad luck? Or are we experiencing the natural results of a low spiritual balance? When our metaphysical bank account is low or in the negative, it can feel like we're cursed or unlucky, but in reality, we are reaping what we have sown, even if we didn't realize we were sowing it. Now, this is not to say that every hardship in life is your fault. No. Life will throw tests and trials at everyone, the righteous and the unrighteous. Oppression and injustice is real. All right. Now, think about it. When you are spiritually wealthy, you stop living in fear of random misfortune. You come to understand that for every effect, there's a cost. With a high balance, you begin to see that many misfortunes carry lessons or even blessings. If something doesn't go your way, you have the wisdom to ask, "What was the creator teaching me?" Instead of saying, "Why me?" You say, "Show me the lesson." This mindset itself is a product of spiritual wealth. No longer do you see yourself as a victim of chance. You realize by aligning with your divine law by doing the right things, you're attracting the right situations. By correcting your course when you do error, you change the outcomes that follow. So-called bad luck often is merely the echo of yesterday's withdrawals reverberating through our lives. But when you start making consistent deposits, that echo fades away. Suddenly what used to be obstacles turn into opportunities. And instead of nothing ever goes your way, you start feeling like everything is working for you for the good and you say what I say. Only good things happen to me. Now we got to break down the dollars and cents. Let's talk about the currencies of spiritual wealth. That's if you are asking what exactly are we depositing or withdrawing into this metaphysical bank. In a normal bank, we deal with dollars and cents. In the metaphysical bank, we deal in spiritual currencies. There are many forms of this currency, but let's focus on the most valuable ones. Think of these as different forms of wealth that all contribute to your spiritual portfolio. Just like one might have cash, gold, or stocks in a financial portfolio. Your soul's portfolio is rich with virtues like energy, integrity, self-discipline, intention, service, and spiritual alignment. Each of these are currencies in your divine economy of your life. So let's break it all down. Let's talk about energy. Chi, your life force. The Q. This is your vitality. The strength and vibrancy of your mind and your body. Essentially the life force that God have given you. Everything that you do either lifts your energy or drains it. High positive energy is like having plenty of cash flow in the spirit. This gives you the energy to take on life's task with joy. But how do we generate and deposit that energy? By taking care of the body and the mind. adequate rest, good nutrition, exercise, thinking positive. All of these things deposit energy into your account. The next form of currency is integrity. That's your moral conduct. Integrity is the moral currency of your soul. It's the honesty, the truthfulness, and the habit of keeping your word, especially when no one's around watching. Every time you honor your promise, speak truth, or do the right thing, especially when it's hard, you make a deposit of trust and honor into your account. Every time you lie, cheat, or break your word, you make a withdrawal. It's that simple. You bankrupt a portion of that trust, both in the eyes of others and in the eyes of self. And that one hurts the most. Integrity is huge because it compounds over time. The more you live in truth, the easier it becomes to do right, and the stronger your self-respect and reputation grows. In the streets and in business, your name is everything. Every community knows how valuable a good name is. As scripture says, a good name is rather to be chosen than great riches. If people know that you're solid, and they can trust your word, doors of opportunity just swing open all the time. But if you're known to be shady, not working hard, you cut corners, or you're unreliable, those doors are going to be shut, and your world will become tiny, small. Yet, beyond what others think of you, integrity is about what you know about yourself. When you can look yourself in the mirror and know that you're honest, you're an upright person and you're happy with who you see. That's when you walk taller and carry that divine confidence. That kind of confidence radiates an aura of authority, of peace, and everybody around you can feel it. They can see it. They smell it. In all reality, integrity is the gold standard of spiritual currency. The next currency is self-discipline, selfmastery. If integrity is gold and selfdiscipline is the steady paycheck that feeds your account every single day. You see, discipline means doing what has to be done, especially when you don't feel like doing it. It's the ability to command yourself with principle over pleasure. It's getting up out of your comfortable bed at the crack of dawn to make fa prayer, knowing you want to get back in that comfortable bed, but you don't do what's right. That's integrity. That's mastery. That's discipline. Each act of discipline is a fat deposit of personal power into your soul. With every such deposit, you are telling yourself, I am in control of my desires. My lower urges do not rule me. This builds an unshakable confidence and a quiet power within that will always radiate. Next up is intention. That's purity of purpose. Intention is a subtle currency, but extremely powerful. It's the motive and sincerity behind your actions. Two people can perform the same deed. For example, give charity, but one does it from a genuine compassion while the other one does it for praise or personal gain. Outwardly, the act is identical. But spiritually, the transactions are very different. Pure intentions yield rich deposits because they align with your higher self and with God's will. But if your intentions are selfish, ego-driven, or malicious, then even a deed that looks good on the outside might register as a withdrawal or a no transaction in a metaphysical bank. You can't fool yourself. You can't fool God within you. The bank of your soul knows the truth. So work on clarifying and purifying your intentions before any actions. Ask yourself, why am I truly doing this? Would I still do this if no one ever knew? When you align your intentions with righteousness, you generate a powerful spiritual interest on that particular action. Next is service. That is love and action. Service is the currency of goodwill. It's the currency of compassion and contribution to others. This is about what you generously do for other people. Acts of service can be things like helping a neighbor in need, mentoring a youth, volunteering in your community, or offering a sincere word of comfort to the grieving. These are all direct deposits into your spiritual account and often into the account of those who you help. In fact, service is one of the most reciprocal currencies. When you give sincerely, you often receive from the most high in the most unexpected and multiplied ways. Then we have spiritual alignment. as oneness with the divine, oneness with your higher self. This is a major currency. Now, let's talk about making these highv value deposits. Now that we have the currencies of our spiritual economy, the question is this. How do we consistently make high value deposits into our metaphysical bank? The principle is simple, though sometime is not easy, but we must practice every day the actions that build up our spiritual wealth. You build up your soul's wealth the same way you build up muscle in the gym or profit in the business through consistent effort. wise investments and sometimes sacrificing short-term pleasure for long-term gain. So that's quality and consistency. That's key. A high value deposit is an action that significantly strengthens your spirit. And these often come in two forms from major moments of truth and small daily habits maintained over time. Listen, a spiritual millionaire is not made overnight or with just one transaction. Just look at your financial life. Say you got a really fat check, a really big bag. That can go away like that. It can be squandered unless you have good habits. This is the same in your spiritual life. We need steady daily deposit to grow and maintain our wealth. The small daily deposits are truly what grows your balance consistently over time. They take the form of simple routines and choices repeated day in and day out. Consistency is more important than occasional grand gesture. We often say in fitness that consistency beats intensity. You can't have one good day of training and be buff. One good day of training and eating and just have the ideal physique. It doesn't work like that. Strength is built through regular training. Likewise, you can't just meditate once or do one good deed and expect for your soul to be enlightened and your life to just overflow with blessings permanently. It don't work like that. It's the regular deposits, even if small that leads to great wealth. You see, when you make deposits every day, something magical happen. You start earning interest on your balance. What does that mean, Michael? I mean that the effects of your good actions begin to multiply over time. You notice that you have more patience today than you had a month ago. Things that used to trigger you just don't bother you anymore. Things that used to tempt you have less pull. Your baseline mood and outlook on life becomes way more positive. I cannot overemphasize the power of steady faithful practice. The Holy Quran says, "Surely prayer keeps one away from indecency and evil, but only if one establishes regular prayer, not just pray occasionally." The Bible, it likens a righteous life to a tree planted by the rivers of water that brings forth fruit in a season. A tree takes time to grow, nurtured daily by water and sun. And that's the same with us. Pause it daily, especially when you don't feel like it, because that's when it matters the most. Finally, y'all understand this. High value in spiritual term doesn't always mean grand or time consuming. It means the depth and the sincerity, not just the duration or the visibility of the act. 5 minutes of focused, sincere prayer or meditation could deposit more into your spiritual account than an hour of distracted half-hearted prayer. 10 minutes of truly listening to your child or your friend, giving them your full presence. Put your phone away. That deposits more love and understanding than a whole day spent in the same room when your mind is somewhere else. The value of your deposit is measured by the quality of heart and mind you invest in it. So, whatever you do, do it with presence, do it with love. That type of awareness elevates the axe value, makes you very wealthy.