Kind: captions Language: en Oh, we got a fun one today. Time to revel in some baffling choices by fighters who absolutely blew some of the biggest opportunities of their lives. Whether they talked themselves out of it, outright refused it, or lost it because they just couldn't help themselves, every fighter today was presented with a truly once-in-a-lifetime moment and let it slip through their fingers or in some cases just straight up pulled their hands out of the way. &gt;&gt; YOU BLEW IT. I'M TOMMY FROM MMA ON Point and these are 10 big opportunities stupidly fumbled by fighters. Number 10, Brokeback Dalton. One of the things that people love about Nate Diaz is his authenticity. There's not a situation where he's not keeping it 100, and often times that is to his detriment, like pointing and laughing at Leon Edwards instead of knocking him out or the countless times he's gotten into dustups in real life. But as Dave Chappelle once said, &gt;&gt; "Sometimes keeping it real can go horribly wrong." &gt;&gt; And such was the case when Nate Diaz turned down a massive opportunity to break into films. &gt;&gt; I was supposed to do Conor McGregor's part in uh house. Yeah, that was my part. But I was like, I'm not fighting Jake Gyllenhaal. I ain't going to no movie and listening to no Brokeback Mountain. I'm good. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Oh, Nathan, Nathan, Nathan, Nathan. First of all, it's a movie. Nobody thinks that Jake Gyllenhaal beat up Conor McGregor. Secondly, Brokeback Mountain is also a movie. And even if it wasn't, what a ridiculously middle school reasoning that went into deciding not to do a movie that broke records as the highest watched film on Prime from Amazon MGM with 50 million viewers in the first 2 weeks. And a sequel on the way that will probably be just as successful. Nate has always been on the outskirts of the mainstream. And in this instance, he really did himself no favors by passing on a massive opportunity for one of the silliest reasons I've ever heard. Number nine, double disappointment. Here's a guy that sadly just could not get out of his own way. Jesse Taylor would burn through Tough season 7 on his way to the finale back when tough still mattered. But in the last episode of the season, it was revealed that during a two-day stay in Vegas before all the fighters were to head home prior to the finale, Taylor was seen on CCTV drunkenly busting out a limo window. Then apparently he harassed staff in the casino. one owned by the Fertittas who own the UFC. Good call there. And when confronted, said the worst thing he possibly could. &gt;&gt; You know who I am? I'm a UFC fighter. What you did here the last two days shows me you're not mentally ready to be in UFC. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Taylor was kicked off the show and told to get his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. Just a month later, apparently his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was together because he got a fight against CB Doway, but was cut after getting neck tied. For the next nine years, Taylor would be an MMA nomad until he was brought on for the redemption season of tough in 2017, and he won. Like they say in uh Jim Carrey said in Dumb and Dumber, you know, I I totally redeemed myself. &gt;&gt; What an inspiring journey until he was flagged by USADA before his next fight and cut from the UFC again. Tough times for Jesse Taylor. Number eight, Moano wants money, but not like that. All right, I'm going to handle this entry very carefully so as not to get 15 Mr. Houses in the comments writing a dissertation on libertarianism. &gt;&gt; Yeah, getting political. Hano Moano was a member of the class action antitrust lawsuit against the UFC that settled for $375 million. It was estimated that Moano was going to get around $200,000 of that settlement money, but he rejected it. And as far as we know, he is the only active fighter to have rejected it. &gt;&gt; You're saying you turned down that type of money? &gt;&gt; Of the 700 fighter, only three or four did not accept. I'm telling you &gt;&gt; now, normally I would put Hinato's own words here explaining his justification, but in order to do that properly, you'd really have to just watch the entire 40minute interview he did with Ariel Helwani. And we don't have that kind of time. But his four main arguments are this: Taking the money retroactively implies he was exploited, but he willingly signed his contract and was happy. He's against state intervention, antitrust rulings, and judicial authority determining morality, even if it's legal. Benefiting from the money violates his principles. and he thinks the lawyers benefited more than the fighters and that the reforms they claimed to want were abandoned or never real. Now, I'm not going to call Hinato stupid or anything like that. I'm going to meet him at his own justifications without dismissing them and say that he's applying a moral framework to a situation that didn't need it. A settlement isn't an admission of wrongdoing. It's not a moral judgment. It's not a government intervention. It is a private company voluntarily choosing a cheaper outcome. It is essentially a negotiation in the free market. The UFC didn't have to accept a deal with the fighters. They could have crushed them in court if they wanted to. Market corrections aren't moral judgments, and that's what this was. Turning down the settlement is like turning down a retroactive pay raise because you were happy with your salary when you first signed the contract. There was no principle of his own that Moano would have violated taking the cash. He just left the money on the table, and the UFC even told him to take it. All right, have fun in the comments. Look at me on the comments section. Number seven, Ike Pen. In an elusive Japanese language book by a group called the Campy Pro editorial department in 2008, Pride Secret files, as it's known in the West, is apparently a treasure trove of information about Pride FC. And one nugget I was able to find translated was a brief interview with Shenya Aayoki about how he turned down the UFC prior to Pride. But not just the UFC, he turned down a bout with BJ Penn, who had just returned to the UFC from K1 after he stole the welterweight title from Matt Hughes. This was a massive opportunity and apparently really good pay. According to Aayoki, at the time he was 7 and2 and the Shudo welterweight champ. He fully intended to go, but his manager convinced him that he was not ready for that level of competition. And so instead, he signed with Pride. In his own translated words, without his manager, he might not have appeared in Pride and wouldn't have become who he is now. But I disagree. I think that there's an alternate history where Shina is a UFC champion potentially. Considering who they wanted him to compete against, this was a massive opportunity turned down. And while it did work out for him, it does suck thinking about what could have been. Number six, the consequences. Unless you're an old head, you probably don't remember Paulo, but the former King of the Gates champion once fought for heavyweight gold in the UFC after winning two straight in the first round. But he would get knocked out in just 15 seconds by Andre Arlovski. One win later, Bentella was off to Strikeforce where he would win three straight and fight Alistister Overim for the promotion's inaugural heavyweight title and get finished. Paul then did a bid with Affliction and fought on all two of their events, winning both fights before he was offered what many would consider the holy grail in combat sports. Scott Coker wanted Paul to take on Fedor for six figures in Strikeforce. Had to be the biggest or near the biggest payday of his life, but would turn down this massive opportunity and it would instead go to Brett Rogers. Why? &gt;&gt; The MMA community immediately thought, well, to turn this kind of money down, he must have just been scared of Fedor. Classic MMA fans. But in an email to Shure Dog, when Tel told the publication that to say he turned down Fedor because of his skill level is a slap in the face. He also never really gave an explanation as to why he turned it down, just that he was happy with his career. &gt;&gt; Sure, Dan. &gt;&gt; Number five, GDR. Are you kidding me? Did you know that Germaine Durand was a full-time police officer in Holland when she won the UFC featherweight title? I sure didn't. But I found that out today when looking into this colossal missed opportunity. If you recall, GDR very controversially defeated Holly Holm via decision for the inaugural featherweight strap after twice striking home after the horn and getting no points taken away. &gt;&gt; The guy was stepping in. She threw the shots. It's grounds for disqualification. &gt;&gt; The only reason these two fighters were in this title bout was because Cyborg couldn't do the bout in the time frame the UFC wanted. So, they just made the fight anyway. Classic UFC. But, she was in attendance. They literally made the division for her. So obviously she was next. But GDR wanted none of that smoke. Citing previous peed failure, Durandom refused to fight Cyborg and was stripped of her title. One would think that was just about the most absurd choice ever. I mean, did you not think you'd eventually have to fight Cyborg in the division that they made for Cyborg? But with the knowledge that Germaine was working full-time, sometimes 60 hours a week. With fighting being what she called a hobby, she decided to take a principled stand since she wasn't really making much in the cage. &gt;&gt; I don't have to prove myself. We all are entitled to have an opinion. That's not a message I want to send. &gt;&gt; I definitely look at this situation a bit differently with more context, but she still had to know if she won the title, they would want her to fight Chris Cyborg. That part just kind of makes no sense. &gt;&gt; Basically, Cyborg owns that division. So, when you go into that division, you know who you're going to be fighting. You're going to fight Cyborg. &gt;&gt; Number four, lost bag. I have defeated Francis Enanu many times in his quest to enter the boxing world. And I thought it was hilarious when so many out there were saying that he quote fumbled the bag only to knock down Tyson Fury and probably get paid at least five times more than he ever made in the UFC from a couple boxing matches. But this recent development I cannot defend. And I'm not talking about his alleged strongarming quite literally of Dana White and Hunter Campbell. I'm not even touching that whole thing. I have no idea. No, I'm talking about this baffling admission by Enanu recently when he was called upon about replacing Tank Davis in a boxing match with Jake Paul. The very boxing match that would end up being Paul versus Anthony Joshua. You know, the boxing match that got 33 million viewers and an estimated $90 million purse for AJ. Yeah, they called Francis first. &gt;&gt; Say, we think about you to fight Jake [music] to replace Chante. I'm like, who's Jake? He say, "Yeah, Jake Paul, you know he's fighting." And [music] I'm like, "No, bro. Come on. It's not about the number. I'm not just interested. He make no sense for me. It's not uh what I'm looking at right now. &gt;&gt; I'll be honest, dude. I think you fumbled the bag this time. What prospects do you have in boxing at the moment? Who are you fighting in the PFL? I feel like you got everything you could out of both of those situations, no doubt. But they've also dried up pretty substantially. And I have to think that Jake Paul would have been a very winnable fight in front of the biggest audience possible with a massive payday. I just don't see the downside or disrespect to this at all. This was a slam dunk and it's hard to look at it any other way but as a mistake on Inganu's part. Number three, Michael Jordan miss. You quite literally had one job, Travis Lutter. Many fighters will say it's the only job, the hard part, making weight. Now, how does this entry differ than any other time a fighter has missed weight? Well, this is the only time a fighter missed weight when they were gifted a title shot through a reality show. Tough four should have been an absolute disaster in terms of the premise. Taking two unsuccessful fighters that were cut, having them fight other unsuccessful fighters that were cut, and then having them compete for world titles makes about as much sense as Jake Paul versus Anthony Joshua, but it somehow worked out with Matt Sarah. &gt;&gt; I got the belt. I'm I have no problems. You know, &gt;&gt; that was well after Travis Lutter proved why the premise was only good for TV ratings, though. Not only did Lutter miss weight, thus eliminating the title shot he earned through the show, but they had the fight anyway. He got absolutely dogwalked by Anderson Silva, which I mean, absolutely no shame there. The guy is the goat. But to not even give yourself this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity by missing weight is devastating. Bag fumble re number two. Just don't do it. There are two sponsors that every single athlete has dreamed of since they were kids, and those are Nike and Gatorade because everybody wants to be like Mike. Well, Jon Jones got to actually live that dream, at least very briefly. The Gatorade thing seemed to be just a oneight deal, UFC 165, but the Nike deal was a legitimate one, which began in August of 2012. What upended it a few years later? Well, if you're thinking along your Jon Jones timeline, you're probably guessing some sort of run-in with the law. But no, it was in fact the brawl with Daniel Cormier prior to their fight. [cheering] &gt;&gt; How's he handling this news? Not well. &gt;&gt; Jones made a hilarious little IG video lamenting the loss of Nike. And while he would blame the brawl for the massive sports brand dropping him, later he would say it only accelerated an already fragile relationship. Whatever the case, pretty dumb way to lose a Dream sponsor. But let's be honest, if it wasn't the brawl, something else would have got him dropped not long after. Number one, Rowdy Regret. Arguably the biggest rematch we never got in MMA history was Ronda Rousey versus Holly Holm. At least in terms of box office. Not a lot of fights reaching over a million buys, period. And as they say, the rematch always does even bigger money. So, what exactly happened? Well, what actually happened, of course, is that Hol would fight Misha Tate a few events later before Ronda returned and was defeated. But according to Dana White, it was Holly's camp that convinced her not to wait. &gt;&gt; They turned it down and they said, "We don't want that fight. We'll fight Misha Tate for the same money we have now." And I told them in that meeting, I said, "She's going to lose by by choke. She going to choke her out. &gt;&gt; Just call him Mystic Mack. I guess there is no doubt that waiting for Rousey would have been the better financial decision, but you know, fighters want to fight." White lumps Holly's decision together with Jon Jones's choice to forego UFC 151 against Chail Sunnan as forever reasons why he hates Greg Jackson's camp. &gt;&gt; I don't give a what Greg Jackson thinks. Guy's a weirdo, man. Are you kidding me? &gt;&gt; But Dana does not hate the editor of this video, Max Randall. Dude is a stud. Please follow him on his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. Thank you to our channel members. You guys are awesome and so incredibly helpful. Fight fans, if you hit the join button, you'll get exclusive content. Definitely worth it. Like and subscribe before Greg Jackson ruins your life, too. Leave a comment about which of these fumbles hurt you the most. And thank you kindly for watching. Go ahead and put on another one. You got time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]