Kind: captions Language: en I have shocking news for you. Sometimes promoters will purposely create mismatched fights in order to boost the career of a fighter that makes them money. Surely you can't be serious. We call these gimme fights. They're meant to easily pad the fighter's record and showcase their talents. Like that one guy who was literally just a dude that fought Jack Swagger in Bellator. Well, sometimes these absolute layup fights go horribly wrong and I can't wait to revel in every single one that we talk about. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 gimme fights that backfired spectacularly. Number 10, colossal failure. James Thompson is truly the best possible guy to pair up with your big up-and-coming heavyweight superstar and the reason for that is twofold. One, he looks like the scariest person you can imagine in your mind. If you told a person who doesn't watch MMA to draw the scariest fighter possible, they would just draw James Thompson without even knowing who he is. The second reason he's great for your star is that he loses a lot. I mean, EliteXC used the guy twice for this very reason. First, they put him up against Brett Rogers who would go on to fight Fedor, then they put him in there with Kimbo Slice for the very same purpose in front of a bajillion people on CBS as a main event. This guy would make Al Snow incredibly proud. By the time Thompson finds his way to Poland to compete in KSW, James had lost 12 of his last 16 fights. 11 of those were finishes. And why was Thompson brought to Poland? Because he was going to do the Kimbo Slice fight for five-time five-time five-time world's strongest man champion Mariusz Pudzianowski. Pudz was already a legend in Poland but had in recent years started dabbling in mixed martial arts. While he'd lose to Tim Sylvia in the US, in Poland at KSW shows, Mariusz was unbeaten at three and oh. His most recent victory, a TKO against the biggest version of Butterbean I have ever seen. I'm glad he got his weight down in recent years. And so the stage was set for another star building victory for the Polish strongman. But nobody told James Thompson that he was cannon fodder. And maybe they did, but he didn't listen to them. After gassing himself out hard in the first round throwing the kitchen SINK AT THOMPSON, PUDZ HAD ABSOLUTELY NOTHING left for the Colossus who, while he might have a lot of losses, was absolutely a skilled veteran who knew how not to blow his wad in the first three minutes. [Applause] An exhausted Pudzianowski would succumb to an arm triangle early in the second round. It was basically KSW's Lesnar versus Carwin. Number nine, flip out. Michel Pereira made quite the splash in his UFC debut KO'ing promotional vet Danny Roberts in under two minutes with a flashy flying knee and a straight flattened Roberts and earned a performance bonus. Michel's unorthodox flippy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] style had fans hyped for the 25-year-old sophomore effort against Sergey Handoshko, but Sergey couldn't get into Canada due to visa issues and so four days before the fight, the UFC called on local Vancouver talent Tristan Connelly who would be debuting and fighting up a weight class which, you know, was probably a necessity on zero prep time. But hey, local BC guy, the crowd will cheer him and Pereira gets to do more fun flippy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and put an easy dub under his belt. At least that was what everybody assumed. The first snag, Michel missed weight. Uh-oh, he had more than four days notice on this fight but apparently wouldn't be bothered. So it was a catch weight about 172. And then the greatest thing ever happened. Michel flippy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] himself into a fight of the night decision loss to Canadian hero Tristan Connelly. &gt;&gt; If I try and fight his muscle with my muscle, that's a losing fight and I knew that he liked to start pretty hard and do all this flashy stuff. Sure enough, you know, two minutes in he got tired and I started working and for the rest of the fight it was all me. It was one of those fights where even if you didn't know anything about mixed martial arts, you'd instinctively cheer for Connelly because this other guy was jumping all over the place like a goober which would tire Michel out and eventually lead to his downfall. A very satisfying gimme loss. Number eight, prince of ass. You know who wanted to see former NFL player Greg Hardy in the UFC? Not me. Nobody. Not a single person. But that's what happened after just three pro bouts, two of which were on the Contender Series. AND HE'S OUT! GREG HARDY, ANOTHER KNOCKOUT IN THE FIRST ROUND. HE WAS BEING primed by the UFC for stardom, coached by one of Dana's best friends Dean Thomas. I guess they didn't think that his unsavory reputation outside of sports would matter, but it did and everybody pretty much instantly hated him. &gt;&gt; Considering his checkered past, considering how controversial he is, I think it's fair to say that there's a lot of people out there that would actually root for him to lose. &gt;&gt; Also, he gave himself the nickname The Prince of War. I just have to point that out every single time I talk about him. So the prince was to debut as the co-main event for the first ever ESPN show. That is how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hyped the UFC was about having Greg Hardy in their promotion. His opponent? Why, none other than Allen Crowder. Who is Allen Crowder? Exactly. After earning a contract on the Contender Series three years into his pro career, Crowder would get KO'd in his UFC debut against Justin Willis in half a round making him the perfect cannon fodder low-level talent ever Hardy bout. Greg would enter the cage at minus 500 favorite if that gives you any idea what was expected. Despite struggling with the grappling early, Hardy made it into the second round where he would throw a super illegal knee &gt;&gt; A super illegal? Yes. and get DQ'd while the crowd chanted [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at him. &gt;&gt; Not only is he going to lose the fight, but the public opinion is going to be horrible on this. Not the best start. Three fights later, Hardy would get a win overturned by using an inhaler mid-fight &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you doing? How do you How are you using an inhaler? and eventually go on a three-bout skid and get let go. And that's pretty much the whole story of Greg Hardy IN THE UFC. NUMBER SEVEN, BIG TUNA. BEFORE Christian Edwards had even had a professional bout, he was signed to a five-fight deal with Bellator. And unlike an Aaron Pico, he didn't have some insanely impressive amateur background to warrant his signing. But Christian was the first ever recipient of a scholarship, that is what they were calling it, by Jackson Winklejoh. The gym essentially paid Edwards to train and live at the gym right out of high school. With comparisons to Jon Jones very early, Christian who is 6'5" and a light heavyweight became one of the main sparring partners for JBJ very quickly and was a big part of his camp for the Thiago Santos fight. In Bellator, Edwards was rolling with five straight victories and a top 10 ranking in the division. His next fight would finally be a main card showcase bout and the hype was building and very real. His next opponent, a man who spent a decade on the regional scene in Mississippi and was mercilessly mocked on Fight Week for his physique. Ben "Big Tuna" Parrish finally got a chance to compete in Bellator after a two-year layoff due to an injury all of his boys explained. Same thing as Anderson Silva pretty much. Any of them guys you seen. Dude kind of had his weight on one leg when he went to reposition. Just unlucky. Edwards, the blue-chip prospect, Bellator's future JBJ, was a minus 1,000 favorite going into this fight. And why wouldn't he be? He's competing against someone who had a career-ending injury 10 years into his regional scene run and was for the first time competing in a major promotion. This was the definition of a gimme fight. But if there's anything I've learned in the 15 minutes I've known about Ben Parrish, it's that you can never count OUT BIG TUNA. [Applause] SADLY, THAT WOULD BE THE LAST MAJOR VICTORY OF Ben's career, but you know what? For that one night, he was King Tuna and you can't take it away from him. Look at me, man. People making People making fun of me all this time and I like I've been fighting for 10 years. I've been waiting 10 years for today. Number six, Agapova vanquished. When a fight is such a gimme it ends up being the biggest betting upset in UFC history when you lose. Oops. So here's the setup. After losing to Tracy Cortez on the Contender Series, Mariya Agapova would work her way into the UFC via two first-round victories in Invicta and would score a performance bonus winning submission in her debut in just half a round. So at 9 and 1 with her only loss to another hot prospect, Mariya was rolling and the promotion laid an absolute gift in her lap for her second UFC fight, Shana Dobson. This was as close to a sure thing as you could get. She had lost on Tough but managed to win her fight on the finale. After that, three straight losses in the promotion, her most recent a 40-second KO loss to Priscilla Cachoeira. Her? Really? Honestly, if the division wasn't so shallow, she'd probably have already been given her walking papers. Two fighters on entirely different trajectories. As a result, Vegas made Agapova a minus 1,400 favorite. That is bonkers even given the circumstances and holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did this one go south. Mariya went all gas no brakes from the opening horn and found herself too gassed at the start of the second and a minute in she would get battered on the ground I'm seeing a pattern here. Stop going so hard at the start of your gimme fights. I'm so tired. Everything hurts. Number five, smashed machine. Pride FC wasn't exactly subtle about their matchmaking, particularly in the 2000 open weight GP. They strategically placed monster American UFC tournament winners Mark Coleman and Mark Kerr, played by Dwayne Johnson, in the same bracket, conveniently very far away from Kazushi Sakuraba because they really wanted their home grown star to have a showdown with Royce Gracie. So much so in fact that when Kazushi didn't get a decision victory over Guy Mezger in the opening round of the tourney, they just changed the stipulations of the bout forcing Mezger to quit. &gt;&gt; The referee knew too. And I said, "I know you know. Oh, no speak English." I said, "You speak English." That's convenient. Kerr and Coleman would make for a banger semi-final and it really felt like that whole bracket was set up for it. With the hopes being the final would be Saku versus one of the two beefy American wrestling machines. With the undefeated Kerr a big favorite to win the entire tournament. Kerr and Coleman would earn their way into the quarters, but that is when things fell apart. Kerr's second opponent would be Kaz Fujita, a mid-card wrestling talent turned recent MMA fighter who only had three pro bouts at the time. Kerr was expected to smash, see what I did there, Fujita, and he would certainly try early, but gas himself out on Fujita's Homer Simpson-like skull. &gt;&gt; Is a pattern emerging here? The exhausted Kerr would get stomped for the whole second half of the fight, earning Kaz a massive upset win that would change his whole life, making all iron head an instant J MMA star, a status he would carry over into his pro wrestling career as well. WRESTLING'S NOT FAKE. NUMBER FOUR, PICO GRAHAM. Possibly the hottest prospect debut of all time was Aaron Pico in 2017. This dude was built to be a champion in mixed martial arts. By just 20 years old, Pico had been an alternate for the US Olympic freestyle wrestling team. He was a junior Golden Gloves national champion and a Pancration national champion. When he turned 18, Bellator signed him to this big long-term contract before he'd ever had an MMA bout. The hype for this kid was absolutely insane. One of the few gets that Bellator absolutely had over the UFC. After the 2016 Olympics, Pico would gear up for his Bellator debut and he would be fighting Zach Freeman, who has possibly the funniest nickname in all of MMA, the Alter Boy. I uh I see that. Freeman had competed exactly three times in the four years prior to his bout with Pico and in that time had gone one and two. So, this was the perfect debut opponent for this up-and-coming superstar, a bout that would let him showcase his many talents on the road to actual contendership. And it would take place on the only ever Bellator pay-per-view main card, that huge NYC event. Bellator was not dumb. They knew this was an easy fight until it wasn't, OF COURSE. 24 SECONDS, A disaster of proportions that are hard to even put into words. Freeman would only ever have one more pro bout, a knockout loss to Saiyan Award. Pico would go 13 and four in Bellator before debuting in the UFC earlier this year by getting KO'd by Lorono Murphy, a much harder debut bout. Number three, a prideful mistake. So, what got Sokoudjou into Pride FC? Well, according to the Japanese language book Pride Secret Files and a few corroborating accounts, the promotion wanted a big black guy for their event in Vegas. I'm I'm not kidding. I wish that was not true, but that is exactly what has been said. The rumor was that they wanted Kimbo Slice, but when word got around what they were searching for, Dan Henderson suggested his teammate and apparently after one look at Sokoudjou, they signed him up. An insane story, but it illustrates that the promotion wasn't exactly interested in him performing particularly well, which is also evident when they paired him with the legendary Antonio Rogerio Nogueira. Lil Nog was one of the best in the world at the time to never hold a title and Sokoudjou was just three fights into his professional career. Bunch of blood naked guys in a cage just doing some stupid things, you know? I never had any kind of experience with it. You could hardly even call this an opportunity. This was expected to be a massacre. Nogueira was a minus 2500 favorite, but of course 23 SECONDS IN ONE OF THE BIGGEST UPSETS IN THE ENTIRE history of the sport, the first ever fighter to finish either Nogueira brother. &gt;&gt; I've always been the underdog cuz most people don't know me. They didn't know until yesterday my skills and what I can do in the ring, so Sokoudjou would follow up with a second stunner of a victory, a KO over Ricardo Arona, which would prompt his move to the UFC after the merger, but he struggled greatly from there the rest of his career. He did beat Jan Błachowicz for the KSW light heavyweight title in 2011, but that was really the only other highlight outside of those two early Pride victories. But man, talk about a gimme fight going wrong for Nogueira. Number two, reality TV star. The fourth season of TUF was a gimmick, a very cool gimmick, but a gimmick. You take fighters that weren't successful in the UFC and you give them the ultimate opportunity. Win the season, get a shot at UFC gold, like something straight out of a movie. In reality though, the show would almost certainly produce two really terrible title fights with fighters who had no business competing with champions. Travis Lutter, one of these seasons' two winners, got his opportunity first and proved what a bad idea this was. Not only was his bout with Anderson Silva not even remotely close, but Lutter would miss weight, making it a non-title bout. Defeats the purpose. The other TUF winner, Matt Serra, would get his opportunity a few months later against Georges Pierre. Serra, who had gone four and four in the UFC to get on the show, was a plus 850 underdog and rightly so. This should have been a slam dunk for Saint Pierre, who'd just overcome the greatest welterweight of all time, Matt Hughes. And instead it was one of the biggest upsets and embarrassments this sport has ever had. THE LOSS WOULD CHANGE GSP'S approach to fighting forever and immortalize Serra, who would eventually lose the title back to Saint Pierre in their second encounter. Well, that ruined everything. Number one, Maniac one. Back in 2009, Tim Sylvia really really needed a win. After dropping the UFC heavyweight title to Randy Couture and then the next year losing an interim title fight to Minotauro Nogueira, the maniac would exit the promotion and step into one of the biggest fights of his life, a showdown with Fedor Emelianenko that went horribly wrong with a 36-second submission loss. Sylvia was technically still signed with Affliction MMA at that point, but was allowed to pursue fights elsewhere and oh did he. That's right, Tim Sylvia was getting in on that boxing super fight action way before Conor and Nate and Jorge, all those guys, even before Couture versus Tony. Sylvia was meant to box Olympic gold medalist and WBO champion Ray Mercer at the Trump Taj in Atlantic City. But seeing as Mercer was 48 years old now and Tim having never boxed in his life, the New Jersey State Athletic Control Board was like, "We're not sanctioning this buffoonery because boxing had not yet spiraled into absolute madness." As a result, the fight would get moved to deep south Birmingham, Alabama. The only place to go when you're running from a sanctioning body. At the last minute, Tim would get a huge victory as the fight would now be fought under MMA rules. When he get in there, he can kick and all that. I ain't going to be kicking. I'm 15 years older than this guy, all right? And I got to do his thing, which is no problem. I'm willing to do it. I'm a man. &gt;&gt; Not only was Mercer near 50, he'd never competed in an MMA bout in his life. This was a cakewalk for big Tim. Let's see HOW IT WENT. [Applause] GOD DAMMIT, TIM. YEP, NINE SECONDS IN, Ray Mercer KO'd Sylvia. That is as bad as a gimme FIGHT CAN GO. THE EDITOR OF THIS VIDEO, MAX RANDALL, WOULD HAVE beat Ray Mercer. Please show him some love on his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. The guy is fantastic. A huge thank you to our channel members. We couldn't do it without you guys and we would love to have more of you. Please hit the join button, there's exclusive content, I would highly recommend it. Like and subscribe so you don't gas out in your gimme fight. Leave a comment about which of these losses you reveled in the most and thank you so much for watching. Have a wonderful day. [Music]