Kind: captions Language: en Right before walking out for his massive fight with Kazushi Sakuraba on New Year's Eve in Japan, Yoshihiro Akiyama removed his ghee and his corner proceeded to rub Olay Quench body lotion for extra dry skin all over his body. By some accounts, six entire bottles. Now, why would somebody apply lotion to their body right before walking out for a fight? Obviously, to gain an advantage. But no, Akiyama said it was simply because his skin gets dry. He has a condition called hyperhydrosis. It makes him sweaty more than usual and it dries his skin out. Odd thing to be worried about right before your walk out. But this preparation, despite being caught by cameras backstage, went entirely unnoticed by the referee in charge of doing body checks. Throughout the 5 and 1/2 minute fight, Sakuraba can be heard pleading with the referee to stop the fight because his opponent was slippery. [Applause] The bout would end with an Akiyama TKO and immediately the controversy set in. K1 parent company FEG did an investigation. They found the video footage of his corner rubbing the cream on his body. They even bought the same brand he used and tested it for themselves, noting that it didn't make the body slippery initially, but when the body got wet, you know, like if you had hyperhydrosis and you were in a mixed martial arts bout, the skin became incredibly slippery. K1 had to act quickly and they did, ruling the bout a no contest and suspending Akiyama indefinitely. He would end up fighting there 10 months later, but his reputation was massively tarnished for a while as a result. Say whatever you want about dry skin, but it's pretty clear that Akiyama was trying to gain an advantage in the fight by applying an absurd amount of lotion to his skin. But trust me, that example, which is our number 10 entry, does not even compare to some of the insanity you're going to hear about today with fighters doing anything and everything they can to find some sort of edge in about. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point, and these are the 10 craziest ways fighters tried to gain advantages in fights. Number nine, spy games. It's an accusation you've heard thrown out by fighters many times. Their opponent has put somebody in their camp to monitor what they're doing and report back on any game plans or maybe how their camp is going if they've got an injury nobody knows about. But has it ever really happened? Well, there's certainly been some strong claims. Most recently, Ian Machado Garary claimed before his fight with MVP that Venom had offered 10 grand to Mataus Teha, who trained with Gary to keep an eye on what he was doing in camp. Mat claimed he turned the money down because he's just a good dude, you know. Did you send someone a message and offer thousands for information and you couldn't infiltrate the camp? Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Calm the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down. Perhaps the most infamous story was from Rampage Jackson prior to his title challenge against Jon Jones with Rampage recently claiming on his podcast that he figured out his suspicion was correct by very cleverly faking an injury. I said, "I think Jon Jones is have a spy in my camp, so I faked the injury." People don't understand my my my level of of intelligence. Yeah. Jose Aldo straight up admitted in an interview that on Fight Week for UFC 200, he had spies watching Frankie Edgar train the entire time and claimed he didn't kick or use his left hand as often specifically because of the information his spies had gathered. Now, I think the King of Rio is probably the only fighter I've ever heard of that just straight up said they did it, but the fact that this many fighters have talked about it or thought about it, I guarantee you it's happened. Number eight, frame data IRL. So, in the competitive video game fighting scene, there's a term called frame data that professionals will analyze to determine how long a move will take to start up or how many frames there are afterwards before the fighter resets. That gives a window for them to be punished if they missed. They can get all kinds of stuff from it. I don't know. I suck at fighting games except with Cassie Cage and MKX. I will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wreck your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, what does this have to do with actual fighting? Well, George St. Pierre, the absolute nerd that he is, hired a guy who was measuring frame data on his opponents. Here he is breaking it down on the JRE just last year. I had a guy in Montreal that was measuring frames. Click, click, click, click. And by doing that, he was able to know who has better reaction times than others. He was literally talking about recovery frames. GSP just hired some gaming guy to break down real fights like he was playing Super Smash Brothers. Bonus insane advantage gaining. When GSP trained with Greg Jackson, they would use game theory to create like maps of things that a fighter might do and about. So they would break down the film and they would look for their patterns and make these little trees where they would determine what might lead from one thing to the next. I don't know. It's all super highlevel [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And also hilarious in a sport where you also have fighters that go, I don't watch film at all and I have no game plan. I'm just going to go out there and kick somebody's ass. Number seven. Yes man. In 1986, Tony Robbins, aka Banana Hands, wrote a book called Unlimited Power. Emperor Palpatine loved it. And on page 324, he described a technique that you could use to generate a surge of power and centeredness. All you had to do was pump your fists into the air and scream yes over and over again. Guess who read that book? Yeah. Diego Sanchez didn't come up with his now iconic yes chant. He got it from Robins. According to Diego in a 2018 interview with Bleacher Report, at one point he was so into Robins he did one of those firewalk things where you go across hot coals and it doesn't burn your feet because coal is a poor heat conductor and it doesn't transfer to your skin quickly. But whatever, it's inspiring and stuff. While Diego tried to use the power of yes to his advantage early on, he later ditched Robins for Jesus Christ, thus creating the greatest walk out in MMA history for his bout with Jake Ellenburgger. Did any of this stuff give Sanchez an advantage? I do not know, but I do know that Diego thought it did, and that is all that matters. Number six, Lion's Den madness. What does it take to be a champion? Well, according to Disciples of Kin Shamrock, their distinct edge over their opponents came from the absolute batshit training methods at the legendary Lion's Den. Seriously, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was nuts. For tryyouts just to get in. If you can't stand up and be a man, you're done. Don't be a man. They put fighters through this ridiculous workout that had them doing everything from 500 squats to bear crawls uphill, pull-ups to failure. They were lugging sandbags around, doing stair runs, just a whole ass exhausting workout that even the most in shape of guys would be feeling, but then they'd have to spar for hours afterwards with fresh pros who would beat the ever living [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of them. Not crazy enough. So, Lion's Den fighters stayed at the gym. And there was room and board. And sometimes Ken would wake up new recruits and whisper to them that he was going to kill them. H what? Brother Frank would choke out fighters who weren't expecting it. And then they'd wake up with a shotgun in their face. The lesson apparently being be ready for a rear naked choke at all times or else someone will shoot you. I guess this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was absurd. And while they had some great fighters, going to go ahead and guess they would have been great without pretending to be the 300 Spartans at their monopoly. Number five, fasting against demons. Look, I'm not going to bash anybody for their beliefs. Rampage Jackson felt like he'd had a legitimate religious epiphany right at the start of his camp for the second fight with Vanderlay Silva, which was for the Pride Middleweight Strap, and it changed him considerably. Jackson's sudden religious turn concerned longtime coach Colin Oyama. With both having cited the changes in Paige following his religious experience as to why they drifted apart, believing a fast would fend off devils before the fight. Jackson on fight week didn't consume anything but water for 3 days. I so I fasted like an idiot. I fasted for like 3 or 4 days. And it's true. I got closer to God, but it wasn't a good idea to fast before a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] championship fight. While the fast may have fended off the devil, it didn't really help against Vanderlay Silva. Jackson looked noticeably gassed after the first round and was knocked out in the second. Paige and his coach both cited the fast as the reason he was so low on energy in the bout. Number four, can't hurt Tony. Oh man, I hate talking about the late career of Tony Ferguson. It's a historically difficult period for a beloved fighter. And given his sixight losing streak going into the Patty Pimpblelet fight, I think you could forgive the guy for wanting to try some new things in camp. But there's trying new things and then there's hiring David Gogggins to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you up for no reason. In case you have just ignored social media and Joe Rogan entirely, David Gogggins is a former Navy Seal and absolute lunatic who runs ultramarathons, ties up his hands and feet, goes swimming, and just generally does insane overkill workout [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Tony Ferguson, already known for his insane workout [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] decided that it was in fact more insane workout [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he needed to win. It in fact was not. With Gogggins in corner, Tony would lose a UD to the Batty 3027s across the board. Afterwards, even Joe could see this probably wasn't the best way to go about getting ready for a fight. When it comes to willpower and when it comes to like discipline, there's no one like Gogggins. That doesn't matter if you mount him and strangle him to death. It doesn't matter. You all that I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] never quit. You're going to quit, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Number three, prank calling a Gracie. God, this is just the best story. So, it's 1995 and Henzo Gracie is in a single night tournament called World Combat Championship 1, First Strike, straight up UFC ripoff style. And his first opponent on the night is a guy called Ben Spakers. Looks like Spikers, but apparently that's how it's said. Also, the word means nails in Dutch, so I'm just going to call him Ben Nails for the rest of the video. This dude was a legit judoka and represented Netherlands in the Olympics three times. Got a bronze in 88. The fight goes exactly as you think it would go when someone is taking on a Gracie in a cage fight in ' 95. Nails is a fish out of water. He gets a solid takedown early, but ends up on his belly taking nasty elbows and he gets choked with his own ghee. Classic Gracie stuff. Well, after the ref steps in, Henzo kicks the guy and then steps on his damn head. Now, given that Henzo is a hotthead, you might just assume, hey, the guy lost his cool, right? Well, as it turns out, Ben thought he could get an advantage by allegedly prank calling Graciey's hotel room over and over the night before the fight to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with his sleep. He also apparently told Henzo at the press conference that he had eyes like his girlfriend. What the hell is even that? He was talking trash at the weigh-ins, too. So, basically, dude thought he was hot [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and that he could get Gracie off his game with his Olympic level mind judo. But all that got him was getting stomped on his head after he got choked out. Not the best plan. Number two, Chamber of Solitude. All right, so we had Paige doing religious fasts. You got Diego walking on hot coals and screaming, "Yes." These guys have absolutely nothing on Yuri Prohaskca. when it comes to bizarre lengths gone to in order to get an advantage. Of course, the most obviously absurd was when he asked Alex Pereira to not use his magic shaman in the leadup to their rematch to gain an advantage and admitted afterwards that his own attempts to pull power from other sources distracted him. But that's just the tip of the yuri iceberg. Prohaska does 3-day dark room isolations where he eats nothing and barely drinks water. This isn't your new age buddy laying in bath salts for 30 minutes at a spa in a dark tank talking about being able to smell colors afterwards. This is the real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 500 daily tree punches. Check. Shadow boxing on ice. I have no idea how well that translates to the cage, but sure. Hiring a movement coach to help you mimic animal motions like zebras seems to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] working. The dude is the definition of crazy ways of gaining an advantage for your fight. But believe it or not, I think our number one entries got him beat. The cursed painting. So Jason Deluchia was an absolute lunatic. Listen to what got him out to California. Initially I moved to Los Angeles u to answer a challenge that Steven Seagal made in Black Belt magazine. He said that anybody who wanted to fight him could go to his dojo and challenge him and uh be prepared to fight to the death and he never came. Now a fight to the death with Casey Ryback is one thing but this entry is about the wildest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've ever heard in our sport. So there's two versions of this story. the legend and the reality or at least the reality according to Deluchia. Let me give you the legend first. So if you go anywhere on the internet looking for this story, you'll get some variation of the following. Delucia down two fights to Boss was about to fight him for a third time and decided to create a painting of Boss that he then asked Routin to add a bit of his blood to in this version of the story. For some reason, Boss complies and supposedly Jason then put a curse on the painting in hopes to defeat Routten, resulting in his liver literally being broken. But that is not what really happened. As Deluchia told it on the always excellent Lights Out podcast, it wasn't a hex at all, but a ritual that was meant to help the debuting Frank Shamrock in his bout with Boss. The nature of the Wiccan spell is it has to be done for the benefit of somebody else. That's what it's done for. I took a drop of Frank's blood and a drop of my blood and this picture was for Frank's sake. Now, I'm not saying that magical paintings are the best base for mixed martial arts, but Frank Shamrock would win his debut bout against Boss Rutin via majority decision. So, who's silly now? You know, I am, but not the editor of this video, Max Randall. He's the godamn best. Please follow him on his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. A massive thanks to Noah. Where is he? How's Noah? Huh? Yeah. Show your He's a channel member and he suggested this list idea during one of our live writers meetings. Spike fans, hit the join button to become a member as well, and be awesome like Noah and the rest of the members crew. Like and subscribe for more Batshit stories from our favorite sport. Leave a comment about the advantage attempt that baffled you the most. And thank you so much for watching. You all be good now, you hear.