Kind: captions Language: en The Rolling Stones said, "You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you just might find you eventually get a UFC title shot, even though you definitely should have had one way sooner than you did." Great song and a great topic for today's video. This isn't about career journeys that would take forever just because of their natural ups and downs, like a Michael Bispine, though. Today is all about fighters who were right there, had every reason to compete for gold, and were blocked due to some seriously unfortunate circumstances. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point, and these are 10 fighters who got held back the longest from UFC title fights. Number 10, Bad Luck Bobby. It's pretty insane to think that the first time that Robert Whitaker fought for undisputed middleweight gold was when he lost the title to Israel Adosagna. Here's the story. The count beats Luke Rockhold out of nowhere in a short notice title fight at UFC 199 and everybody assumes that Yoel Romero was next. But instead, for reasons, &gt;&gt; number 13, Dan Henderson was given the opportunity. Next, instead of fighting Romero, Bispine [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off to heal an injury and wait for GSP, who randomly decided after four years to return and fight in a new division. While Yoel languished in title fight purgatory, Bobby Nu showed up and started getting some serious victories. two performance bonus earning finishes of Derrick Brunson and Jacare backto-back to cap off six fights straight in the division. To appease the masses, the UFC made an interim title fight between Whitaker and Romero, which was an absolute war won by the Reaper. Afterwards, Bisping came into the cage and acted like he was going to fight Whitaker at some point, even though he had absolutely no intention of doing so. Mike would finally get his GSP fight later that year, lose, and then St. Pierre would vacate the title due to never planning on fighting in the division anyway. I mean, Kidis with Bispane out, Rockhold in another dimension, and GSP gone. They ran back the Romero fight after upgrading Whitaker to undisputed finally. But get this, Yoel missed weight. And so, the fight wasn't even for Gold. &gt;&gt; Okay, this is a cluster [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] even for us. &gt;&gt; Good god, Whitaker's whole title run was a disaster caused by everyone but him. Number nine, unforgivable draw. You could very much argue that Maggamad Ankollay should have been fighting for the strap again immediately after his vacant light heavyweight title fight with Yan Blhovich that went to a split draw because pretty much every single person thought that Ank should have been given the nod by the judges. &gt;&gt; Bohovich thought he lost the fight right at the end of it. Bohovich said give him the belt. &gt;&gt; It was a big old mess. But Dana thought the fight was just shitacular and he wasn't at all eager to rebook anything with Ank, especially a title fight. I I heard that Uncle is upset and whatever. &gt;&gt; What do you do now? Right. I mean, the vacant title of split. &gt;&gt; You do Glover versus Jamal Hill in uh Brazil for the vacant title. Is &gt;&gt; that done? &gt;&gt; Done. &gt;&gt; That summer after winning, Hill would be forced to vacate after playing basketball with DC. And so naturally, Ank would be next in line, right? No. No. He would be fighting number seven Johnny Walker for some reason twice after this stupid nothing fight ended with an illegal knee the first time. In hisstead, the ultra popular Alex Pereira would be lined up for the vacant gold against former champ Yuri Prohaskca, who also vacated like Hill due to injury. My god, these divisions are a mess. Shortly after Alex won the vacant gold, Ank shored up his series with Walker, lining him up to finally get another shot at gold. I'm just kidding. Next was a returning Jamal Hill and then Yuri again. And then Khalil Roundtree for absolutely no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reason whatsoever. Magamemed would rattle off another victory for his troubles in the meantime. And then after literally nobody else was left, they finally gave him a shot at Pereira and he beat him. &gt;&gt; He did everything he had to do. Now he's the UFC light heavyweight champ of the world against the most devastating champion we've seen in years. &gt;&gt; Number eight, Glover's Odyssey. So Glover Terara didn't get to fight for a UFC title until he was 34 years old. I'm sure absolutely nobody imagined he would be winning gold at 42 years old, but that's another story. The truth is though that at 27, 7 years earlier, he was already primed for a light heavyweight run in the UFC and that was absolutely the plan for him, for the UFC, for his team. He was the main sparring partner of Chuck Liddell during his title reign and considered a top prospect at 205. The UFC couldn't wait to sign him, but he was in the United States illegally. Tashara came to the US illegally in 1999 and never got things squared up. In order to resolve this problem and enter the UFC in 2008, he went back home to Brazil to apply for a waiver, but his visa status was blocked. And instead of hitting the UFC in his physical prime, he would be locked out of the country for four whole years. The years that statistically are your peak if you are an MMA fighter. &gt;&gt; When you wait, my friend, that's not good thing. I'm losing my prime over here. &gt;&gt; While desperately working to get that resolved, Terara would rattle off 10 more victories. In May of 2012, now 32 years old, Glover was finally able to enter the UFC as he was meant to in 2008 as the protege of Chuck Liddell. But the landscape had changed and Tara went from a hot prospect to a guy who had to prove himself, which he did, rattling off five UFC victories before earning a shot at JBJ's light heavyweight title. He would finally gain US citizenship in 2020. Welcome to America. &gt;&gt; Number seven, BFF delay. There is absolutely no reason that Daniel Cormier should not have been fighting for the heavyweight title in the UFC and honestly his first fight in the promotion. You could absolutely make that argument because the man came from Strikeforce where he would be the unlikely winner of the cluster [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that was the heavyweight Grand Prix. We're talking about a period where Bigfoot Silva got his shot after his unlikely victories over Travis Brown and Alistister Overim. So it wasn't as if there was some mandate challenger. Okay, say it was too fast to put 11-0 Cormier in a title fight. Surely after beating former champion Frank Mir in his debut, he would get the shot, right? What about after Roy Nelson? Then of course, we're not addressing the actual reason Cormier was not even considered in the heavyweight title picture. And that is because his best friend and teammate Kane Velasquez was champion. &gt;&gt; No, as far as you know, fighting each other or anything else, no. I mean, that's that's definitely not a possibility, you know. Yeah. So, there was never going to be a right time for DC to hop in at his natural weight, which is why after just two bouts, he decided to move down to 205 somehow and work towards a shot there. His first fight against Rashad Evans would have been a solid start, but Evans was forced out and he fought a literal barista instead. Then, he weirdly fought and destroyed Dan Henderson before the UFC was finally done playing games with this man who was championship caliber from the moment he started in the promotion and gave him a fight with JBJ. &gt;&gt; And it did not go well at all. Number six, Bantamweight Circus. 135's title picture was such a cluster [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] after Dillashaw dropped the strap to EPO. Then flyweight champion Henry Ceudo moved up a class and took the belt. Then for no reason at all, they gave Dominick Cruz a title shot against him after nearly four years away from the sport and he was a replacement for Jose Aldo getting a title shot coming off a loss to Marlon Morice who just also lost in a title fight. I know people were split on who won, but it wasn't a robbery. Then Cejudo up and retires after beating Cruz. And the UFC rightly puts Pota Jan in there for the vacant. But against Jose Aldo, who again was coming off a goddamn loss, close decision or not. And during all this time, literally on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] card that Henry Cejudo won vacant gold, sat one Al Jermaine Sterling at number three. Who would beat number four Pedro Munoz via UD? Not once was he considered in this cluster [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of legends fighting for gold for no reason despite being the obvious choice to take on Jan. especially considering he'd beat Cory Sanhagen as well in the first round before Aldo versus Jan even happened. An absolute joke. But Sterling was seen as boring, seen as not a fan favorite. And so he got sidelined as long as they possibly could before he finally got his chance at Jan's gold and won it in a totally uncontroversial fashion. &gt;&gt; No, that's not how I remember it. &gt;&gt; No, Mac. &gt;&gt; Teammate and best Bud Morab would have a similarly shitty road to the title. 10 wins straight. Nearly cleared out the division. Now, he didn't do himself any favors saying he wouldn't fight Aljo, but he was still long overdue by the time he finally fought Skittles Omali. Number five, the hurt business. There is nobody that I was ever more sure was going to be a champion than Tatiana Suarez. She just seemed like an eater of worlds with a skill set and size that was going to be a major problem at 115 lbs. Tatiana entered the promotion unbeaten by winning tough 23 when she tapped Amanda Cooper in the first round. Over the next few years, she would really start to build up momentum. her run of wins over Alexa Graasso, Carla Esparza, and Nina Nunez had everybody like, "Okay, she's the next big thing." &gt;&gt; Do you do you feel like the female Kabib? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's accurate statement. You know, &gt;&gt; she was ranked number two going into the fight with Nunez. And so getting the UD victory over her pretty much sealed the deal. It was title fight time. That was June of 2019. Suarez wouldn't see a shot at gold until 2025. And even crazier, in that whole time period, she would have just two bouts. So, what in the actual hell happened? Sadly, injuries are what happened. Suarez was dealing with major neck and knee problems that kept her sidelined despite an attempted comeback in 2021 for nearly 4 years. From title contender to really straight up forgotten by most fans. When she finally did return, it would be in a flyweight bout, but she'd follow that up by beating Jessica Andraj at 115. Then, she got sidelined again and missed out on two different bouts with more injuries and health problems. You break your neck, you get thyroid cancer, then you blow your entire knee out. Life is thrown a lot at her. &gt;&gt; A whole year after her victory over Andrage, Tatiana, this killer prospect who looked like a world beater in 2019, finally faced a champion in Jeang Lee and lost via a UD. Man, this sport is brutal. Number four, anybody but Leon. Local man, too boring to be champion. That was the headline about Leon Edwards and Dana White's head for like three years. In mid 2019, Leon Edwards took four of five from number four ranked welterweight Rapael Dos Anjos to cap off an eight-fight win streak in the division and plant himself at the number four spot, primed for a shot at gold. The problem, his fights were boring, of course, but also ahead of him was the former champion Woodley, Colby Coington, and Street Jesus. Coington secured his title shot by beating number 11 Robbie Lawler because that makes sense. And of course, Gamebre would cash in on that insane 2019 and get his title shot. But okay, so Kobe and Jorge got their shots. Time for Leon, right? No, you silly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Gilbert Burns is next because he beat Tyron Woodley. Okay, but then Leon, right? Nope. He had to reearn his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He was supposed to fight the big upandcomer Hamza Chamayv to get another chance at another chance at the title, but that fight got cancelled. And so he went to an eye poke no contest with Bal Muhammad, beat Nate Diaz, but somehow came out of the other end being made fun of. And then Colby and Jorge both got title shots again for some reason. Oh, come on. &gt;&gt; More than a year after his nothing fight with Nate Diaz, the UFC was finally out of more popular people to throw at Camaro Usman and they gave Leon his shot that he blew until the last second KO. It would take another man who was on a 10ight unbeaten streak that the UFC also didn't want to give a title shot because they thought he was boring to dethrone Leon Bal Muhammad who deserves a mention in this entry as he essentially had the same story as Edwards. &gt;&gt; And now I earned my shot. I took my shot. There's no denying me now. &gt;&gt; Number three, about damn time. In one of the craziest rookie years ever, Hamzach may have won back-to-back fights 10 days apart, decimated GM3 in 17 seconds, and was booked with number three Leon Edwards in a title eliminator. You couldn't get any hotter. But the beer flu would hit Hamzot so hard the Edwards fight got cancelled three times. Things got so bad Hamzot would announce his retirement prematurely, but rebounded a year later with big old wins over Leech and Gil Burns, which would have led to a title shot if not for Edwards Usman, too. So, the UFC horrifyingly booked Hamzad against Nate Diaz. &gt;&gt; Someone should start thinking about pressing charges. It's just a shame that they're going to do this assassination attempt on him before he leaves. &gt;&gt; Luckily, he missed weight by I think 73 lbs and fought Kevin Holland instead. unable to be booked in the US due to his biggest fan being a sanctioned Chetchin warlord and having pissed everybody off with the weight miss. A year of nothing would come and go before Chamayv got a number one contender fight with Bobby Whitaker that would be delayed for 3 months because he became violently ill on fight week. Good god, dude. Get it together. When they finally fought, he dejaw the Reaper and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] finally found himself in a title fight after he worked out his visa issues and could come back to the States. Surely that fight in a few weeks will go through no issues whatsoever, right? &gt;&gt; Don't you put that evil on me, Ricky Bobby. Don't you put that on us. &gt;&gt; Unbeaten. And it took five years to get there. Insane. To be fair to him, we've seen other unbeaten guys like Shave Kat Rakmanov languish too long waiting for gold, although not as dramatically. Armen Sarukion not undefeated, but overdue too. That said, both of those guys also had scheduled title fights that fell apart. So that's more than Hamza could say. Number two, the Iceman Wadeth. Charles Liddell was technically number one contender after he beat Vtor Belelffor at UFC 37.5. That fight was specifically to determine the next in line to fight Tito Ortiz for the title. &gt;&gt; I thought I was the number one contender for a long time, but now it's finally guaranteed. Instead, Chuck would finally get his chance to fight for undisputed UFC gold nearly three whole years later, which in early 2000's MMA years might as well have been a decade. At that point, Chuck was on a nine fight win streak. But the UFC had a big-time money grudge match between champion Ortiz and Ken Shamrock &gt;&gt; cuz I'm going to spank your ass, &gt;&gt; which would take place next. Instead of giving Liddell his promised shot, Chuck would fight in the co-main against Hinato Sabraw and destroyed him in 3 minutes, further cementing his contender status. But after beating up Ken, Tito seemed pretty wishy-washy on throwing down with his former buddy and he would end up sitting out for the better part of a year in dispute with Zufa. This forced the first ever UFC intram title fight between Liddell and Randy Couture, which the Iceman unfortunately lost. Further complicating things, Ortiz returned and got beat by Couture, too. Dana decided to send Liddell over to Japan after the debacle to prove himself in the Pride Middleweight GP, but he'd get stomped by Rampage and the semis and came back for a revenge bout against a titleless Tito. Now, surely that would finally earn him a chance at gold, right? &gt;&gt; Nope. Because Randy Couture and Vtor Belelffort had this big messy title fight rematch after a freak eye injury ended their first one. And so Liddell was given another showcase fight when he demolished Vernon White on the undercard. You had to stay busy in the early 2000s, folks. But then finally after all that mess, he got an undisputed shot at Randy and got his revenge and his gold. &gt;&gt; Oh, he is out. Heavyweight champion of the world &gt;&gt; number one. Hi John. I mean, the dude had to defend an interim title for God's sake. How could he not be number one? When did Tom Aspenol deserve a shot at undisputed heavyweight gold? After November 11th, 2023, the night he KO'ed Sergey Pavlovich in 69 seconds to earn the interim title. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; From that point on, the interim champion should have been fighting the champion, but it never happened. That same night, Jon Jones was meant to defend the title in a controversial and unpopular bout with former champion Stipe Mia, who had been gone for over 3 years. But Jon popped a pec and they had to delay it. You'd think that they'd just scrap it all together considering not a soul wanted that fight and we now had an interim champion. But nope, they forced it to happen anyway. After that was a whole ass period of Jon Jones doing completely nothing for nearly a year. All the while tagging everybody along talking about how he would do the Aspenol fight. &gt;&gt; John agreed to fight Tom. Yes. &gt;&gt; And then that he wouldn't. &gt;&gt; He's annoying to me. It was this big long drama show all over social media that just dragged on for what felt like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] years. Tom would of course defend that in title against Curtis Blades. Behind the scenes, Jones apparently asked for big-time cash to fight Tom. The UFC said, "Yeah, dude. Sure." And then Jon said, "Actually, I'm retiring and only ever fighting again if it's at the White House." Aspenol was then upgraded to undisputed, but still hasn't had an actual Undisputed title fight that is still to come as of this writing against forever challenger Sirill Gone. Hope you're excited about a whole another year of Jon Jones teasing an Aspenol fight that's never happening. I know, I can't wait. And neither can the editor of this video, Max Randall. Please follow him on all his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. A big old thanks to our channel members. Thank you so much for all your support. Fight fans, hit the join button, become a member, get exclusive content, like and subscribe to give Bobby Knuckles another title shot. Leave a comment about which of these delays frustrated you the most. And thank you so much for watching. I'm out of here. [Music]