Kind: captions Language: en At the end of 2025, it looked like Dominick Cruz's status as the bantamweight goat might soon be surpassed by Merab "The Machine" if he kept it up for maybe a fight or two more. But of course, he didn't and that got us thinking, did anybody else ever get even closer? Just one fight away from earning that coveted title of the greatest ever. And yeah, it's happened a bunch of times. Let's wallow in these great champions' misery as they saw everything they worked for crumble on a single night. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 fighters who were one away from goat status. Number 10, 30% goat. Now, one would think that with nine title defenses with wins over legends like Matt Hughes and B.J. Penn, that GSP's welterweight goat status was pretty near untouchable. Hell, there are quite a few people that would argue he's the goat, period. But four defenses into Tyron Woodley's run with welterweight gold, there were already rumblings. I'm the best welterweight that's ever fought in the octagon. You know, all I got to do is keep winning to prove it. &gt;&gt; I appreciate the fact that Woodley is putting himself in that conversation because it forces us to actually take a look at where he ranks. Which maybe bolstered the claims about Kamaru Usman by his fifth title defense since he was the one who finished off Woodley's reign. Both of his wins over Colby Covington were impressive. His second win and domination of Masvidal in their first encounter at the peak of his powers, impressive. And of course, a very tough Gilbert Burns at the time. It's a hell of a resume and people were starting to say he might be better than GSP. You might not like Kamaru, but you cannot deny [music] Yeah. That he's the greatest welterweight of all time. Oh, you put you &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; That one more win could solidify it. Leon Edwards looked more than ready to grant Usman potential goat status up to about 24 minutes INTO THAT FIGHT. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; PERHAPS EVEN MORE BRUTAL THAN INCHING HIS way towards GSP's throne, the win over Edwards would have tied Usman with Anderson Silva for the longest UFC win streak. But you know, that's not the cloth from which he's cut. &gt;&gt; That was a nasty line by &gt;&gt; No class. Number nine, outsider goat. With the MMA world essentially revolving around the UFC these days, it might be hard for some fans to imagine a time where other organizations had strong contenders for the best fighter in the world. Strikeforce absolutely had fighters who fit that bill and their strongest candidate was Jake Shields. Jake's run at both welterweight and middleweight would be concurrent to GSP's in the UFC. While St-Pierre was putting together seven straight defenses of his welterweight title going back to 2007, Shields was unbeaten in 15 straight fights going back even further to 2004. In that time, he'd had victories over Carlos Condit, Paul Daley, Robbie Lawler, Dan Henderson, and Martin Kampmann. Jake held gold at 170 for EliteXC and at middleweight for Strikeforce. So, he was a double champ of sorts. When he finally entered the UFC, his victory over Kampmann set up a legitimate duel for the top spot in the sport. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of buzz building up on this fight now and Jake Shields is undefeated in in last 15 fights. I think if Jake Shields can get the ground the fight to the ground and get on top of George, um I think George is in some big trouble. Jake had the rare opportunity on one of the biggest stages the UFC's ever put together to steal GSP's goat status from him. But all he ended up doing was strengthening the argument for St-Pierre who would earn a UD victory in what was at the time arguably the biggest defense of his career outside of B.J. Penn. Number eight, Bendo box. By the time Benson Henderson took the lightweight title from Frankie Edgar, it was pretty well established that B.J. Penn was the greatest lightweight of all time. He had three successful title defenses, more than anyone, and he sort of defined the division, gave it the weight it finally had by 2012. But man, Bendo was making a strong argument for goat status by the time he tied Penn's defense record. He took the title from Frankie Edgar, the man who dethroned B.J., beat him a second time because everybody knows you never fight Frankie Edgar just once, took out fan favorite Nate Diaz with ease, and then had that massive crossover super fight of sorts with Gilbert Melendez who many thought at the time was the best lightweight in the world, possibly ever. More on that in a bit. So, Henderson was primed for that goat status, especially with his upcoming opponent being Anthony Pettis. This would be the rematch of their WEC epic that Pettis had won. And since then, Showtime was seen as the future of the sport. All the stars were aligned perfectly for Bendo. Benson Henderson is standing on the cusp of history. He's tied with B.J. Penn, he's tied with Frankie Edgar for the most title defenses in UFC lightweight history with three. He can get to four with this and stand alone at top that mount. This man wants history. You know what though, sometimes really good fighters get caught and Henderson found himself in an armbar in the first round that he could not escape. ANTHONY PETTIS IS THE UFC LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD. AND THAT WAS THAT. THE RUN was over. Worse yet though, Pettis would not turn out to be the future of the sport and as such, Henderson's loss to him would add even more weight. As would Gilbert Melendez's UFC run being disastrous, B.J. Penn's goat status would be safe for now. Number seven, by any other name. Goat status is one of those things that's kind of tricky to pin down fully. It's obviously subjective and so so are the criteria. For example, head-to-head match-ups don't always convey that one fighter should be considered the goat over another. Holly Holm is not higher up the goat rankings than Ronda Rousey just because she defeated her. Conor's a great example. He has wins over Jose Aldo and Max Holloway, but even before Volk came around, most felt McGregor didn't deserve goat status. The same can't be said for Rose Namajunas. Her head-to-heads were incredibly significant. When she won the title and then confirmed that victory against the division's all-time best at the time in Joanna Champion, that was incredibly significant even if she then lost the title in a weird way to Jessica Andrade. When Zhang Weili emerged as the potential best ever in the division, it was in part because of her victory over Joanna as well. But then she was dethroned by Rose and like Joanna, Namajunas did it twice to leave no doubt. So, with her Andrade loss avenged and two head-to-head victories over the other two goat candidates at 115, Rose was a single victory away from sealing the deal on her being the definitive all-time best. And perfectly, it would be defending her title against her only championship loss she'd not avenged in Carla Esparza. I'm clearly the best. It's just a question of whether I'm the greatest of all time and and I think this is a huge step towards that for me. Unfortunately for Rose, she would have the worst ever weird fight ever. And when the judges tallied the scorecards, they gave the victory to Esparza because somebody had to win and it certainly wasn't Namajunas. Well, I don't think anybody's clamoring for that rematch. We'll have to We'll have to figure something else out. &gt;&gt; was so bad and so baffling that it kind of threw her right back out of the goat discussion for many despite her head-to-head victories. Number six, Chuck gets iced. Absolutely everybody not named Tito Ortiz wanted Chuck Liddell to dethrone the Huntington Beach bad boy as the light heavyweight goat back in 2007. &gt;&gt; I knew he was afraid of me. He's a style of wrestler that I do best against. &gt;&gt; At the time, Ortiz held the record for the most defenses with five in a row and with his victory over Wanderlei Silva to win that vacant title aging like Jurassic Park's CGI, seriously, how does it still look that good? He was very clearly the number one guy, especially with Frank Shamrock having pieced out early. But Chuck had absolutely set himself up to overtake Ortiz by his tying defense against Rampage Jackson. Not only had he defeated Ortiz twice, he'd defeated the man who took the title from him in Randy Couture now twice as well. And with Jackson coming into the UFC as one of the best from Pride, this would have easily sealed the deal. For tough boom, UFC fans unfamiliar with Pride FC or the previous encounter Page and Liddell had, they were in for a rude awakening when Jackson flattened the champion in under two minutes. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [screaming] &gt;&gt; It was truly shocking because it did feel like Liddell had become the best in the world at 205. Don't feel too bad though, JBJ was just around the corner and nobody was beating that resume. Number five, altitude sickness. It is hard to be the best heavyweight champion in UFC history, like really hard. While most of the other divisions have goats with insanely impressive long-term runs, up to Stipe Miocic's defense against Francis Ngannou in 2018, not a single champion had strung together three defenses in a row. Before that point, the easiest argument for the greatest UFC heavyweight champion was Randy Couture. He was a three-time champion. First reign ended because of a contract dispute and in his second reign, he had back-to-back defenses against an incredibly tough Pedro Rizzo, lost his title to a guy who literally popped for steroids after the bout, and then came back as an old man to take out Tim Sylvia and earn another defense against the terrifying Gabriel Gonzaga. Randy Couture was the man. But if there was a champion that looked like he was going to surpass him, it was Cain Velasquez. Unbeaten through his initial title victory against Brock Lesnar, Cain looked completely unstoppable. Unfortunately for him though, a flash KO in his first encounter with JDS would see him have to work his way back up, avenge his loss twice brutally, and then move on from there. With a Bigfoot title defense alongside the JDS wins, Cain was headed for the record most defenses when he came up against Fabricio Werdum. And for many, it wasn't even a question if he was going to reach goat status. You think he's the best heavyweight of all time? I think he's the best. I think he has to do he has to do a little more work. &gt;&gt; he's the best in terms of what he's accomplished. But Mexico City's Jack Skellington thin air had other plans for Cain's career. Velasquez gassed hard, panicked even harder, and found himself in the vise-like grip OF FABRICIO WERDUM. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; ANOTHER SETBACK, BUT ONE THAT COULD HAVE BEEN overcome if he didn't end up plagued with injuries the rest of his career. Well, wasn't that a bummer? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Number four, uncrowned king. We discussed in the Bendo entry that B.J. Penn defined lightweight, but with so much strong talent internationally and in promotions like Strikeforce as well, in 2013, if you said Gilbert Melendez was the greatest lightweight of all time, you'd be what the kids call based. And honestly, there was real weight to the claim. Melendez was unbeaten at 10 and 0 when he won the Strikeforce lightweight title from Clay Guida. He'd earn his first defense before running into the man who would end up his greatest rival, Josh Thomson, who took his title. But like GSP, his second run would be far more impressive. Initially winning interim gold and defending it while avenging his only other career loss against Ishida, Gil would get his rematch with Thomson and regain the unified gold that he would defend four times in a row. His opponents, Shinya Aoki, Kawajiri, Jorge Masvidal, and a trilogy bout with Josh Thomson. So, if we're keeping score, he'd arguably had as strong of competition outside the UFC as any lightweight champion had faced up to that point. And Gil had nine different title victories heading into the UFC with both his only ever losses avenged. This is why his fight with Benson Henderson was such a big deal because Bendo was approaching Penn's status, and Gil was arguably the best lightweight in the world. &gt;&gt; Honestly, I feel like I could have been, you know, challenging for this title in the last, you know, 3-4 years, you know, maybe 6 years, you know what I mean? I've been in top and, you know, top three in in my weight class for a long time. &gt;&gt; But of course, Melendez would lose that fight via split decision, a victory that absolutely would have sealed his position as lightweight goat. Number three, voluntary withdrawal. Okay, so here's one where you can absolutely argue that Islam Makhachev is already the goat at lightweight. And I'm sure his fans would think I'm being unreasonable to say that he's not. But there's definitely an argument for his mentor Khabib Nurmagomedov. While Islam has one more defense than Khabib with four, which is the most in a row in the division's history, let's look at who each Dagestani powerhouse defeated. Khabib ended Conor's prime, beat Dustin Poirier coming off ending that insane run that Max Holloway was on, and then took out Justin Gaethje at the height of his powers, the man who had just defeated Tony Ferguson. And then Nurmagomedov walked away. Would an eventual win over Tony have sealed the deal forever? Probably. But when we compare him to Islam, there's still an argument for Khabib. The wins Islam had over Alexander Volkanovski are impressive as hell, no doubt. But there are a few qualifiers. One, Alex was moving up a class. It's true he's an all-time great, but he was still the undersized guy. Two, Volk arguably won that first fight. And the second fight was clearly a bad decision for him to take. He came in off the couch, he'd been drinking heavily before camp, and yeah, he paid for it hard. So, what's left? He beats late-career Dustin Poirier and Dan Ilima-Lei Macfarlane because they needed a body. Now, Islam's initial title victory is a lot stronger in Charles Oliveira than Khabib in Al Iaquinta. But the point is, you can absolutely make an argument for Khabib. Now, does it end up being Islam? He's well on his way. Well on his way. And I think there's a strong case to be made that he has surpassed Khabib. &gt;&gt; Now, Islam unfortunately took himself out of the running in this discussion though when he left the division. Had he defeated Cejudo next or won a rematch with Moraes, there wouldn't be any kind of question. But because he chose welterweight and perhaps a greater ambition, if we're just talking 155, there's absolutely still a strong argument that Khabib is the goat. And that's ultimately because Islam chose not to seal that status. Number two, Joanna's thorn. It was hard to imagine at her peak that Ronda Rousey was going to be surpassed by any other fighter as the women's all-time goat. She was setting records and absolutely destroying every single opponent that came her way. But of course, her downfall and the backlash that came with it would leave the door open for a future goat if someone could take up the mantle. And Joanna's popularity happily waltzed right through that door. Joanna was just everything that everybody loved about the sport. Gritty, violent, a dominant force, and she had a badass persona that immediately won fans over. She was like the Kobe Bryant of WMMA. She had that mamba mentality thing. And so, when she was just a single victory away from tying Ronda Rousey's six-defense run as champion, that passing of the torch that initially seemed impossible was very much becoming a reality and very much welcome. Well, I mean, I think she's already there. I think she's shown that same dominance. It is right on that level, maybe even uh superior to what Ronda did. &gt;&gt; When someone is that dominant for that long, you just assume that they'll always find a way to beat their opponent. And while Rose Namajunas was tough, it just seemed like Joanna was the one. But Namajunas put her on her ass and shocked the world on a massive stage that was UFC 217. And for those who wanted to think it was a fluke, Rose answered those questions in the immediate rematch. There is still a decent argument that Joanna might be the greatest strawweight of all time, even with the losses to Namajunas and Weili. But her status over Rousey at the time and then later Nunes, unfortunately, does not hold up. Number one, the three goat problem. We have an incredibly unique entry here, and it's why it's number one. At the turn of the century, there were three guys who you could argue were the greatest fighter in the world and all time. Bas Rutten would become a legend in Pancrase, and following his loss to Ken Shamrock in 1995, would never lose again, earning 20 straight victories through his UFC heavyweight championship bout against Kevin Randleman. He'd beaten the best in the world, including Frank Shamrock, before he would make his run in the UFC and enter the argument for goat status. In 1997, Frank would earn UFC gold and defend it a record five times, which was the most ever at that point. Then in Japan, you had Kazushi Sakuraba, who by that time had won a UFC tournament, defeated Vitor Belfort, and more importantly, become the Gracie Hunter, and had easily earned a spot as arguably the greatest in the sport at the time. It was a three-way question in that late '99, early 2000 period. And the thing that's wild is if any one of them had fought again, especially against each other, of course, they could have overtaken the other. There were several attempts to make Shamrock versus Saku that fell apart. Then Bas would retire, Frank semi-retired as well, and while Sakuraba would take the lead for a while, that next year he ran into a freight train known as Wanderlei Silva. So, we never really got a resolution between the three of them, and goat status would move on as it so very often does in this sport. My goat's the editor of this video, Max Randall. Please follow him on his socials, check out his awesome YouTube content. The dude is a stud. Big shout to our channel members. Thank you so much for your support. Guys, hit the join button, become a member, get exclusive content. It's some good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like and subscribe because we've got all sorts of content coming your way at all times. Leave a comment if you think any of these potential goats actually did achieve goat status. And thank you so much for watching. Have a wonderful day. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]