Kind: captions Language: en You ever just really want to cheer for someone? You see everything that they could be and then they just consistently get in their own way. They make it so that it's just impossible to focus on the positives. That's the kind of fighter we're talking about today. All of them do and can have massive upsides, but there's just aspects of who they are and how they act that ruin the ability to consistently root for and enjoy them. YOU MAKE IT SO HARD FOR ME TO DEFEND YOU. I'M TOMMY from MMA on Point. These are 10 fighters who actively make it hard to be a fan of them. Number 10. Come on, man. One of the obvious frustrations about Armen Sarukin's career is that he's not yet fought for the title. And that in part kind of feels like his own doing. In part, the disaster that was his pulling out against Islam the day before the fight has made him no friends with the UFC brass. And they still don't seem to care for him that much. I &gt;&gt; I'm not thrilled with Armen right now, and there's a lot of different reasons. It's not just the stuff that you see publicly. I think a big part of the problem is that the guy just attacks everybody and has for a really long time. Like, why are you fighting Bobby Green at the hotel, dude? Why are you fighting fans on the way to the cage? Why are you headbutting Dan Hooker at weigh-ins? The guy can't help but stir [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up all the time, and he's doing it against people that everybody loves. He's fighting guys at wrestling events, apparently. All this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] affects how the UFC sees it. But, I will say this, lately, he has turned the corner a bit. He still attacks people. Well, not physically except for that wrestler guy. But, I don't know. I think he's kind of won fans over. He's doing more public appearances, showing another side of his personality, and people are coming around to be on his side. But it just seems like his consistent conflict and his bad relationship with the UFC has led to this weird spot where I have no idea when he's competing next or how long it's going to take to see this guy finally fighting for gold. &gt;&gt; He knows what's going on and he's got to he's got to work his way back to that title shot. &gt;&gt; Number nine, bad reputation. Okay, so obviously Ronda Rousey has been pretty well disliked for a pretty long time now. That's not what I'm really talking about here. I'm not talking about it being hard to be a fan of hers from when she was fighting a decade ago. I mean that lately she's actually been kind of based. &gt;&gt; It's just not about putting on the best fights possible anymore. Dana is legally beholden to the shareholders and to maximize shareholder value. It's barely recognizable now. It used to be that UFC was the best place that you could come in combat sports to make a living and be paid fairly. And now it's one of the worst places to go. This company just got $7.7 billion dollar. There's no reason that they can't afford to pay their athletes at least a living wage. &gt;&gt; Like, that's pretty metal of Rhonda. Not a ton of bigname fighters that have the weight that Rhonda has ever been willing to call the UFC out like that. Her recent comments have largely been while promoting her upcoming fight with Gina Carano on Netflix about that despite being well past the sell by date was something both fighters confirmed that the UFC was trying to put together just two years ago. Netflix silliness aside, the thing that's frustrating is that Rhonda can be cool and she could really be good for the sport, but we have been down this road a bunch of times now, we know that eventually Rhonda is going to be Rhonda again. &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz I remember that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] When's the last time you saw me on Aerrolli? I remember people who I thought, you know, were my friends and turns out that they weren't. I thought there was like a mutual respect there before that I realized um was something I that I just imagined. So, I don't really speak to a lot of those people anymore. Ariel was mcing that Netflix presser. I want to like this new Ronda Rousey, but I feel like it's only a matter of time before she ends up right back where she always seems to, which is just very off-putting to the fans. Number eight, turn the page. Another figure that's not really a fighter anymore that I really want to like is Rampage Jackson. The guy is genuinely hilarious and charismatic. Obviously, his fighting career has been over for some time now, but his podcast has been very successful and one that gives a lot of really great interviews where we get fighters deep diving on their own careers. Jackson, like Rhonda, could be a great ambassador for the sport, but he's also got this other side of him that's just not compatible with that. He's doing this IRL streaming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like he's 22 years old. &gt;&gt; Shut the up, man. Quit acting like a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; And it really just seems like it's been nothing but trouble. Then there's all this stuff with his kids, particularly Raja, and Rampage just does not come off that well in any of that. &gt;&gt; People act like I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did it. I'm getting like he like I beat somebody's ass. &gt;&gt; And the thing is, this isn't really new. The same thing was frustrating about him in his prime. He was awesome in the cage, charismatic, funny, but then he'd go on a literal rampage. &gt;&gt; The only thing I thought is he he must have taken drugs or something &gt;&gt; or be off-putting in other ways. He's always had these very distinct sides to him that really make it hard to like the guy for all the bad stuff and makes you wish he'd have just got it together because the good could have really been a positive for the sport. Number seven, American Nightmare. Man, you know, a Chel Sunen was a blast. And truly, it was like somebody injected a movie character into real life. &gt;&gt; Was that camera big enough to take in the largest arm in Westland, Oregon that has found its way to Houston, Texas? Cuz that thing looks a little bit small. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it is. people just didn't act the way that Chale did. And he pulled it off in a way that didn't feel forced and made you, the fan, feel like you were in on the joke. But he also got you really invested in his success, especially with that insane performance against Silva. &gt;&gt; Chel Saunen uh is a stud and put on an incredible performance tonight and uh solidified that he is one of the best in the world and backed up all the smack talk. &gt;&gt; That's when I feel like a lot of people who hadn't yet turned a corner on Shale absolutely did even with the peed fail afterwards. Which kind of brings me to why he was so frustrated. It felt like he should be on top. He clearly had the ability, but he just never quite lived up to the greatness you wanted from him as a fan. HE WAS SO frustratingly close in that first Silva fight. And then he gets the suspension. He has to build himself back up. He gets the rematch only to fail so hard in that second round with that disastrous missed spinning back fist. It was like such an antilimax after all that buildup again. And you know, I don't think anybody thought he would beat Jon Jones, of course, but it felt like he didn't either. And that really cheapened the whole thing. &gt;&gt; I did not think I was going to beat Jon Jones the night that I fought John and he accepted the fight anyway. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that that was just a hard one where I just watched him and go, man, that guy's good. We had this great buildup from Tough and it just felt like he was resigned to lose from the start. That same energy, we saw it in the Rashad Evans fight as well. It was like he was just giving up. And then probably most disappointingly, his cheating caught up with him again and we missed out entirely on a fight with Vandy in the UFC. There was just so much potential in Chale to be even more than he was. And as a fan, it sucked seeing him fall off and then end up in Bellator. I mean, that Ortiz loss was so depressing. The fight with Fedor had the same Evans Jones energy. Being a Chale fan was fun, but disappointing because he never quite got where it felt like he could. Number six, too real. Let me be clear. I am Nick Diaz Army for life. Once you're enlisted, that's it. You're always in it. &gt;&gt; You join this cult willingly. &gt;&gt; Nick and Nate are two of my all-time favorite fighters, and they mean a good deal to me because they were a huge part of the period when I wasn't Tommy Tohold. I was just Tommy Joe Schmo watching MMA with my buddies. And my god, is it frustrating being a fan of those two guys. One, they were just never active enough when they finally got somewhere. Since Nate Dia has his title fight with Vincent Henderson, he's fought 10 times total. That's over the course of 14 years. Nick only ever fought five times when he returned to the UFC once a year from 2011 to 2013. Then he retired and didn't fight for two years. Then he got suspended and didn't end up fighting for 6 years. And by that point, the fans didn't really want him to fight anymore. Then there's all the missed opportunities. The fact that we didn't get Nate in the cage after his bouts with Connor for 3 years is absolutely absurd. I know at that point he didn't feel like he needed to, but what a blown opportunity. Kind of like when he pointed and laughed at Leon Edwards when he could have finished him off. What are you doing? Between the suspensions, the semi-retirements, the refusals to fight, Nick and Nate could have done so much more with their primes, and as a fan, even though when they were around, it was a blast. It's frustrating as hell to watch them both reach the peak and then just kind of let it slip by them. Number five, missing Matador. I never thought I would be on a list like this because it's hard not to be a fan of the Duke, but it's also hard not to be frustrated with how he's handled his time at the top. His rise was awesome. six straight wins in the UFC before he KOs Vulk KO's Max. Nobody's ever done that. Almost instantly in two title fights, it felt like this guy might end up being the featherweight king. A legacy unmatched. But no, just like almost every champion these days, Poria was almost instantly ready to move up a weight class to try for another belt. Oh brother. So really, his legacy at featherweight is kind of shallow beyond the legends he defeated back to back. I mean, don't get me wrong, that's a huge accomplishment, but is he a better champion than Vulk? I don't know. We'll never really find out, I guess. And him leaving kind of leaves The Division in a weird spot because Vulk, yes, got the title back, but he was so soundly defeated by Taporia that it makes it feel a bit hollowower. And then, of course, Lightweight is a cluster [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as well because Islam decided to move up to 170. We'll get to that in a minute. So, Tapora fights Charles Olivivera, wins the vacant title in June of last year, but then suddenly there's this whole situation in his personal life, and he doesn't know when he'll be fighting again. And look, I'm not knocking him for that aspect of it. I mean, life happens. Things are hard, but as a fan, it's still frustrating. Like, you just moved up to this new division and now you're not going to be fighting. At first, he was saying he wasn't going to fight in 2026. Then, it became the first quarter of 2026. Then, I think everything got resolved and now he's on the White House card against Gachi. I hope that after that, we see a pretty regular schedule for him at 155 defending his title. But my hopes are not the highest because so far it seems like there's always something going on with Seaporia besides just, you know, fighting. Number four, choosy champ. I really do miss when champions would be champions in their division and leave it at that. Connor has ruined everything. Even though he wasn't the first, he made it way worse. THE DOUBLE CHAMP DID WHAT THE HE WANTS. &gt;&gt; NOW, INITIALLY things were awesome with Islam Mahache. He finally made it to the top. He beat Charlie for the gold. Defended his title four times. That's the record. Awesome. Now, with Ilia wanting to move up, as frustrating as that was for me, it created a potentially massive matchup between these two. So, okay, that's awesome. I'd be down for that. Except it's not awesome because now Islam wants to go up to 170 because Bal Muhammad lost the title to JDM, clearing the way of any conflicts for Mahache. All right, I guess I'd rather watch you fight Seapora than JDM, but go on. You want to fight at 170? I guess he wins the belt. Very cool. Lots of awesome contender potential at 170, except he doesn't want to fight anybody at 170. &gt;&gt; There's been a lot of talk about the potential fight between you and Dillurya. How do you look at that situation? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I like this idea. I know our MMA fans, MMA fans want this fight. I'm ready. &gt;&gt; He wants to move back down to 155 and fight Ilia. Make up your damn mind. You guys are ruining these divisions by just hopping around. In the most recent development, Saporia is claiming that Islam was offered the White House fight with him and either turned it down or couldn't do it. Pick a division. Pick a fight. Do something. Do anything, but just do it consistently. Who are you, Islamachev? How do you want to define your legacy? Pick a route and just take it. Good lord. If he does go back down to lightweight, I hope he stays there and just keeps building onto that legacy. Number three, Bagman. If you've been around the channel long enough, you know that I was fully teaming Ganu during his whole situation with the UFC. I thought he was making smart business decisions for himself, and you know, I still think that. Now, that said, did it suck to see him leaving the UFC in his prime while champion? Yeah, of course. I did not want that at all. I mean, there's barely a heavyweight division in the UFC itself, let alone outside of it. But I also took it from his perspective and was happy that he made the right move for him, as frustrating as it was. &gt;&gt; They let you pretend that you're negotiating. They pay you whatever they want to pay you. &gt;&gt; And the boxing stuff was great. That was really fun. But after that, things have not been great at all. I mean, even though he was looking out for himself, he seemed to have wanted to pull everyone up with him. You know, he was making sure his PFL opponents got paid. He was going to try to build PFL Africa. It just felt like he was trying to do the best he could for the sport outside of the biggest promotion. And that was cool. It felt like this meant something more to him than himself getting paid. But that's not really what he ended up doing. Now that he's out of the PFL, I would argue he kind of took advantage of them. He sort of abused his position as a star. Now, I know there's two sides to the PFL Africa thing, but either way you look at it, he did not help them build it up. And then he got all that money to do that single fight, and they had to have lost so much on that. It didn't sell anything. And now he's gone. And now he's fighting for Jake Paul against a guy that struggled badly at heavyweight in the UFC and moved down to a more appropriate 205 only to now come back and get sparked by France. Most likely for as much good grace as Ingananu created in his initial leaving of the UFC, he really took the PFL for a ride. And now as a fan, I have to sit here and watch him fight randos instead of where he should be fighting the very best. Number two, Borsing. I got to say at this point, even as champion, Hamza Shamay has been massively disappointing. And I say that truly as a fan. I was so hyped when this dude came into the UFC and won two fights in 10 days. I believed him when he said, "I kill everybody." Okay, I completely bought in. And when things were going bad with his health after co and he was floating retirement, I was still on board. I thought people were being way too harsh. But then he showed up roughly 250 lbs for the Nate Diaz fight and didn't seem like he gave a single [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it. And while I'm truly grateful that he didn't fight Nate, it was still kind of like, what's this dude's problem? Then we didn't see him for a whole year. He's moving all over the world. He can't fight in the US. He goes back to middleweight and fights Camaro Usman. Weird, but not his fault there. Then we don't see him again for another whole year because he becomes violently ill right before fighting Bobby Knucks. And at that point, it was just so frustrating. Seemed like his organs were made of paperier-mâché or something. And if he can only fight in the Middle East, how is he ever going to be a UFC champion? They don't go there anywhere near enough to make that viable. But he finally fought Whitaker. It was one of the nastiest things I've ever seen that finish. But then everybody knew for damn sure we weren't going to see this guy for another year. And of course, we weren't. But then Hamzot finally got his title shot, finally was able to fight in the US, and then proceeded to have this dominant and absolutely shockingly boring victory over DDP. It felt like Hamzot could have finished that fight a bunch of different times and did not. And then this dude's got the G to be like, I want to move up to 205 and fight Poeton. &gt;&gt; Here are the tweets. Let's go, White House. Don't worry, I will finish you fast. Alex Pereira with the coffin. &gt;&gt; What are you? No. Jesus. Can anybody defend their damn title? Beat Shawn Strickland first before you start chasing other belts. My god. Be active. Be the champion of the division you're in and get some vitamin C in your system. &gt;&gt; Drink some cranberry juice. &gt;&gt; Number one, the Lost Emperor. Much like Francis Inganu, I found myself rooting for Fedor and what he thought were his best interests. But at the same time, I found myself massively frustrated with the fact that he would just never end up in the UFC. It didn't matter how much money they threw at him, what matchups, it never seemed to work. All the false starts, all the hope each time whenever the promotion he found himself in fell apart, it always felt like, "Okay, now is finally the time." But truly, the time was 2007, right? If 2007 Fedor ends up in the UFC, we're getting Fedor versus Randy when it would still have mattered. We're getting Fedor versus Brock Lesnar. And depending how things shake out, we were getting Fedor versus Kane Velasquez. I mean, the guy fought up until 2023 off and on. Who knows how many classic matchups we never got to see that were just left on the table even after his career lost steam with his strike force run where he was finally defeated. That still would have been an incredible time to see him in the UFC. But what does he do? More random M1 fights, a risen appearance against a nobody, but then the deepest of hope that we've ever had. Suddenly, it sounds like he's right on the cusp of signing with the UFC finally. Sure, it's 2016, but it's better than nothing. You're closer to signing with the UFC now than before. &gt;&gt; Yesterday, &gt;&gt; we did receive an offer, but there are some uh finer points that we wanted to discuss. &gt;&gt; But of course, as we know, the whole thing fell apart. And then we got the saddest fight of his career, the Fabio Maldonado robbery a few days later. The Bellator run was fine, I guess, but you know, he was well past his prime by then. Was it only the UFC's fault here? I don't think so. And I think that's where a lot of the frustration comes from. I think there were times that this could have worked and Fedor just wasn't interested enough to ever make it happen. Max Randall could have got Fedor signed. He's the amazing editor of this video. Follow his socials, check out his YouTube channel, and send him some V-Bucks. A massive thank you to our channel members. Seriously, your support is hugely, hugely appreciated. Fight fans, hit that join button, and become a member yourself. Like and subscribe because I can vent about these types of fighters all day. Leave a comment about which of them frustrated you the most. And thank you so much for watching. See you next time.