Kind: captions Language: en Oh yes, it's that time again, fight fans, where we look ahead to the year 2020X, this time six, and talk about the fights we absolutely, unequivocally must see in the next 365 days. Now, as per usual, we're not booking magical bouts here. I'm not going to say time traveling Anderson Silva versus light heavyweight Jon Jones. That's pretend fairy tale stuff. And we will not be talking about fights that are essentially already 100% on the books. That's just not fun. We are playing matchmaker here. And if this next year is going to be everything we could possibly want from the sport of mixed martial arts, these are the 10 fights that will be the highlight of it. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point. And these are the 10 fights we need to see in 2026. Number 10, Hooker BSD versus Holloway Olivea. No, not in a tag team match, although I would pay very good money to see that. No, of course, I'm talking about potential matchups for the BMF title. And man, I am so damn excited now to see Max Holloway finally rematch Charles Olivera with that thing on the line. But after that, I already have the next BMF title fight lined up. Now, whether it's Max or Charlie, doesn't matter. But the winner of that fight at some point this year needs to fight the winner of the upcoming Dan Hooker Benois Sanden fight. As far as I'm concerned, both of those guys are already BMF challenge worthy. And you just know whoever comes out of that war they have in February is going to look even more insanely worthy of claiming that title. So, give them a shot at whoever is holding that thing. Now, I know that both Max and Olivea have divisional title aspirations, and that could complicate things. But the division is already crowning an interim champion. Who knows when that gets resolved. We still have Armen waiting in the wings. If the BMF winner wants to keep busy in 2026, let Dan Hooker or BSD try to take the claim of baddest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from them. Number nine, Rico Verhovven versus Sergey Pavlovich. Sometimes worldclass kickboxers come over to the UFC and they become Alex Pereira. Other times, they come to the UFC and become Gokansi. What fate would behold the 13-time defending glory heavyweight champion, the king of kickboxing himself, Rico Beerhovven. My guess is probably something closer to Pereira than Saki, considering heavyweight is about as deep as a kickstreamer. But, you know, one super great way to test that out that would be the most possible fun you could have with a Rico debut. Sergey Pavlovich, baby. Let's start him off strong. Verhobin recently vacated his title from Glory. Word on the streets is he's talking to the UFC. You don't throw a dude like that in with Curtis Blades and sabotage his career because he gets taken down 53 times. Sergey is absolutely a legitimate threat in the division. He's a matchup where Verhovven can showcase his skills and it actually does give Pav a huge opportunity to get a high-profile victory and set him up for a potential title eliminator. If they sign Rico, this is the damn fight. Number eight, Michael Morales versus Carlos Protest. Dude, welterweight right now is on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fire. Islam is the new champ. We got guys like Shavcott and Ian Garry knocking on the door. And holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did Carlos Protest and Michael Morales make massive waves on the undercard of Islam's coronation when they decimated Leon Edwards and Shawn Brady. The new blood is here, man. But the problem is there's way too many damn contenders right now. And I don't know how you can look at Morales and Proz if you were trying to decide between them for a title shot right now. So, let's just solve that problem, shall we? Michael Morales versus Carlos Protest to headline a fight night with an actual crowd or as the co-main event of a pay-per-view that is banger city population the fans. I cannot think of a better more entertaining way to solve this too many contenders problem. Legitimately fight of the year energy just radiating from this very idea or at the least knockout of the year and the winner is going to look like a world beater and worthy title challenger. Number seven, Valentina Shepchenko versus Amanda Nunez. Kayla Harrison. Oh yeah, we're doing this again. I know that for like the last 6 years it's felt like a running joke that we would put Valentina Chevchenko versus Amanda Nunes 3 on this list but yet again it's the most potent potential fight in the women's divisions and how in the world could you not want to see that now this year though we have a very interesting wrinkle added to the mix in Kayla Harrison who of course will be taking on the returning Nunez for the bantamweight title. You really can't go wrong with whoever wins that one. This fight is so good for everybody involved. Valentina's legacy at flyweight is set in stone. She doesn't really need to do anything else, but a double champ status would add to her legacy tremendously. As for Nunez, she finally gets to settle the trilogy and show people that felt that she lost the second fight that she's the better fighter. And for Harrison, I'll be honest, part of me thinks she's just going to retire after she beats Nunez if she wins. But you know what could keep her around? A super fight with one of the other greatest women's fighters ever, an undersized one at that. This is a no-brainer and the biggest possible women's fight you could make this year that's not already in the works. Number six, Joshua Van versus Tatsurro Tyra. All right, look. I know that there's a lot of sour grapes about Van celebrating his essentially accidental title victory over Pantosia. I get it, but you know what? Alisandre is clearly going to need at least a little bit of time to heal up after that. So, in the meantime, why not do a really fun fight since the title is in someone else's hands anyway? And that really fun fight is Tetssuro Tyra. His big TKO stoppage on the undercard of the night Van banana peeled his way into holding a title was spectacular. And he was very likely going to be next man up. So, let's give him his shot. Don't sit here and act like Van versus Tyra isn't a banger just because you're mad about Pantosia. He'll get an immediate title shot the second he's healthy. And if you're still not sold, how about we throw in the UFC's return to Japan? Saitama Super Arena. A Japanese fighter going for UFC gold in Japan. The atmosphere on that one would be off the charts, dude. This division almost went extinct not that long ago. Let's just have some damn fun. Number five, Yuri Prohaskca versus Carlos Olberg. Okay, so here's the beautiful thing about this matchup. To steal a line from Todd Howard, it just works. It works no matter what the outcome of Berg's title challenge against Alex Pereira is whenever that might be since Pereira is now claiming that the White House is off. Whenever it happens, the next fight for Olberg can still be Yuri. And here is why it works. If Carlos wins, that actually opens up a much wider door for Yuri to get another title shot than if Pereira wins since he already beat him twice. Yuri can cry tears of joy all he wants, but that fight a third time doesn't feel necessary or like the outcome will be any different than the other two second round knockouts, but with his wins over Hill and Roundree, now he's the perfect first fight for the new champion, Olberg. Love that title fight a ton. And if Carlos loses to Pereira, now Yuri has a chance to beat a recent title contender who was white hot, who nobody is going to lose much stock in for having lost to freaking Poeton. And then maybe he could make an undeniable case for a third shot at Alex, even though I think it ends with a second round knockout. And for Berg, if he is coming off that loss, there is no better rebound than one of the most fan- favorite fighters in the division who is on a little bit of a hot streak. Not to mention, you know, that fight is guaranteed to be a blast. Has to happen next year. Number four, Fluffy Hernandez versus Hamza Chamayv. You guys remember that rant I went on about Shawn Strickland being [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boring after the DDP fight? I swear to God, if he ruins this for me, I am never going to forgive him. We're not friends. I'm not inviting him to my birthday party. Given the circumstances, I have zero interest in Strickland versus Hamza. I don't care how stupid the press conference would be. The fight would probably be as boring, if not more boring, than DDP versus both Shawn and Hamza combined. No. For the love of God, no. If we're being for real, he shouldn't even be in this fight with Fluffy right now, but he is. Okay, so let's just pray to the MMA gods that Hernandez comes out on top. And if he does, absolutely give us Fluffy versus Chamaya. That fight is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome for so many reasons. Hernandez is one of the most exciting fighters that the division has right now on a legitimately impressive streak. This isn't someone who's been in two title fights already. There would be way more hype for a fight with him for Hamzot than any other middleweight opponent right now. And the dude has a tank like Morab. That style matchup is interesting. his ground game, his lungs. How does Chamaya deal with it if he can't just bully someone all fight long and has to work? Has to tire himself because Fluffy won't just go away. That's a real challenge and a real exciting dynamic matchup. It's not going to be like DDP where Hamzot is able to just hold Fluffy down the whole time with seemingly no resistance. Everybody loves Hernandez and it would be an interesting test for Hamzot. This one checks all the boxes. Let's hope we see it next year. Number three, Islam Mahache versus Shavekat Rakmanov. Okay, yeah, it's time that Shavat finally fights for the welterweight title. I mean, there's just no denying it. He's clearly the number one guy. He should have fought for it at UFC 315. We have to make this happen. And you know what? It actually feels way bigger now than it would have been against Bal Muhammad with all due respect to him. So, I'm kind of glad this played out the way it did. Bal had just captured the gold. JDM after him had just captured the gold when he lost it to Islam. And while yes, Mahachev is a new champion at welterweight, he's a new champion period. and he's the pound-for-pound top guy in the sport. Now, that feels like a worthy accomplishment for Shavek. Truly, Bal and JDM feel like peers. Islam feels like overcoming an all-time great because he would be. And for Mahachev, this is a chance to take out an absolute beast of a contender. This is your Shane Carwin type, your Francis Andu. I don't know why I can only think of heavyweights right now, but you get the point. The type of contender that comes around and you say, "Well, this guy is an eater of worlds. Who is ever going to stop him?" It just works for both of them. And with everything with Ilia up in the air right now for who knows how long, this would be such an awesome title fight. That said, speaking of, if we're being so for real right now, and of course we are, there is another title fight that we want to see from the top guy in the sport right now, and that is, of course, number two, Ilia Tapora versus Islam Mahache. Now, like I was saying, yes, there are some potential pitfalls here, right? We have absolutely no clue when Ilia will be fighting again. He said it won't be in the first quarter of 2026. He's dealing with that whole situation in his personal life. They're making an interim championship fight between Patty and Gachi. So things are messy right now at 155. And as a result, we know that Islam will probably be defending his title at welterweight hopefully against Shavcott before anything like this could take place. So the question becomes, what if he loses his title? Well, the good thing about that is that it doesn't matter at all. Truly, just like when Israel Adosana bumped up to light heavyweight and came up spectacularly short against Yan Lhovich, there was no shame there. He tried to do an extraordinary thing, a weight class up, and came up short. his move back down to middleweight didn't feel any lesser for it. And the same would apply to Islam in this case if he were to lose that title. There is no shame at all and he's still arguably the greatest lightweight champion in UFC history. That would still hold massive weight in a match up with Ilia. And I know that guys like DC are saying that Mahachev will never make that cut again. But I think he absolutely would and absolutely should if it's to take on Taporia. Best case scenario for me in 2026 is this. Patty beats Gachi. Ilia returns and unifies against Patty. Islam defeats Shavcott. And we let these two have one of the biggest title fights in UFC history. Number one, Tom Aspenol serial gone versus Alex Pereira. Yep, this is the one. If we're not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around in 2026, it would be an absolute shame if the UFC did not see Poeton compete for a third title in a third division. The man is not getting any younger. He does not have that many fights left in him. It is historic in a way that we're probably not ever going to see again, or at least for a very long time. And you're talking about the most popular fighter in the promotion right now going for what would absolutely be the most important fight he could possibly be booked in in 2026. And the great thing about it is that it doesn't really matter who wins between Tom Aspenol and Sirill Gone. If Tom comes back and wins big, that's huge, right? He's asserted his position again at the top of the division. Now you have two of the best in the world right now going at it with the stakes for both of them being absolutely massive. And if Ganon comes out and finishes the job, his fingernails started in the first fight, it is still absolutely a massive deal because the aside of this bout is can Alex Pereira win a third world title in a third division. That is the key narrative. That is why it still works. Not to mention with both of their pedigrees, that has the potential to be a really fun fight, too. There's no bigger fight in 2026 to make, and if the UFC aren't cowards, they'll ensure this happens no matter what. The thing I'm looking most forward to in 2026 though is the editor of this video, Luke Taylor. Guys, he edits banger after banger. Follow his socials. Check out his YouTube channel. Put some respect on his name. And massive thanks to our channel members for 2025. You guys made this year amazing. Give yourself a round of applause and a pat on the back. Beers on me if you ever run into me in public. Guys, if you hit the join button, you can also become a member. We got exclusive content and videos up early. Like and subscribe because we got plenty more coming your way in 2026. Leave a comment about which of these fights absolutely has to happen or you're done watching mixed martial arts. And thank you so much for watching in 2025. Happy New Year. I'll see you on the other side.