Kind: captions Language: en So much of the fun of Fight Night goes beyond the action in the cage itself. It's the reactions to the action. It's the social media posts. It's people losing their minds over a finish. It's the memes. My god, the memes are what makes slogging through the worst Apex cards [music] somewhat worth it. And while so many of the sport's most terrible moments happen outside of the cage, &gt;&gt; sometimes we get hilarity that happens right in the middle of a fight. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 fight moments that immediately became memes. Number 10, jump the Gilly. The narrative of the moment by moment in the Dustin Porier versus Benois Sanden fight created one of my favorite recent memes. Within seconds of the fight starting, Porier would jump a guillotine and end up going for four more over the course of the 9 and 1/2 minute fight. After trying for three in the first round, coach Mike Brown hilariously asked him to stop. &gt;&gt; Hey, no more guillotines. No more guillotines. Despite his coach's warning, he almost immediately did another ghillie jump in the second round. &gt;&gt; Well, and it may be his go-to submission, but the record shows Dustin Porier has never won a fight by guillotine. &gt;&gt; Afterwards, Joe asked Dustin about the guillotines and we got gold. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll do it and I'll never stop doing it. I'm telling you in the corner, stop with the guillotines. I ain't stopping. After the fight, the community and Dustin completely embraced his love for the ghillie. And now he sells merch related to it, like his don't be silly, jump the gillie t-shirt and his line of silly goose shirts. Sadly, Dustin would not jump any ghillies in the final title fight of his career against Islam Mahachev, but he did go for one against Holloway in his retirement fight. Sadly though, he would not get to finish with it, but it wasn't for lack of trying. That dude really, really liked jumping Gillies. Number nine, Icari Guard. A huge reason that nobody thought Shawn Strickland was going to beat Israel Adosagna is because of the perception of him as a fighter after his loss to Alex Pereira. Not only was he viciously finished, but fans were both baffled by his decision to stand with such a dangerous kickboxer and his choice of guard during the bout. &gt;&gt; So you need to focus on the work you're doing cuz trust me, he will sleep you. &gt;&gt; Izzy, why don't YOU TELL ME WHAT NOT TO DO? &gt;&gt; There's not one glory [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kickboxer in any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weight class I couldn't stand and bang with. Strickland's stiff stance and interesting hand positioning is something we're used to now from him. But with that being his most high-profile fight to date at that point, fans had a field day with the failed strategy and mocked him relentlessly. The most devastating of it becoming a meme in the form of IC Carly comparisons. It's the type of internet smoke that there's truly no recovering from if that had been the last high-profile fight of his career. But since the guy turned into a world champion, since being compared to Miranda Cosgrove, it's still something people joke about, especially with how uninteresting his style can be at times. But there's no denying that it's been effective enough for the memes to not really haunt him too much. Number eight, break dancing Brock. There are few human beings on the planet scarier than Brock Lesnar. One of Joe Rogan's greatest commentary lines ever compared him to a marauder coming to burn down a village. And that is pretty damn fitting. Up to Brock's fight with Kane Velasquez, he'd only shown a few small moments of vulnerability. There was of course the tab to Frank Mir in his UFC debut, but no shame there. The dude was going to tear his leg off. Randy Couture landed a few good shots, but nothing too substantial. So, the Viking Raider unstoppable monster persona was still very much intact heading into that loss against Velasquez, now with a scary beard on top of it. But when these shots started coming hard from Kane in the first round, Rock did something nobody expected. In part because his equilibrium was thrown off and he was hurt, in part to escape, Lesnar did some spinning to get away from his opponent. spinning that looked a whole lot like break dancing. Doing anything silly mid-fight in reaction to damage will get you made fun of. But doing it as one of the scariest people ever, it was bound to turn into a meme. And yeah, I mean, I still reference this regularly. Hell, they even put it into EA UFC 5, which I wonder if Brock knows that and how he feels about it. He seems like he doesn't like most things, so I'm going to go ahead and guess a video game recreating one of the worst moments of his life wouldn't be appreciated. Number seven, Hello Japan. There are very few memes from the late 2000s era of the sport that have survived to modern day. But one of them is David Gardner's infamous mistake. You literally only know David Gardner for this. In fact, I know you don't even know the guy's name. You just know this meme. Gardner had absolutely no business in a fight with Shenya Aayoki in 2009. He was 15 and 10 with no notable victories. This was a showcase for Aayoki who had committed to trying to be on every Dream card. two weeks before Dream 7. They put this one together. And Dream 8 would be the start of the welterweight GP that Shina was going to participate in, so he needed some light work and he got it. David didn't have a prayer, but nobody expected him to do the dumbest thing possible to lose the fight. &gt;&gt; HELLO. &gt;&gt; Said something. Oh, he is. Oh my god. So, &gt;&gt; so dumb. Gardner, why can he hang on? &gt;&gt; No. This is over. Hello Japan spread like wildfire in the late 2000s forums and early social media and has endured to this day. If you go to the gardener tapology page, his nickname is listed as Hello Japan and the image of him is the infamous moment. Hello Japan is forever shortorthhand for doing the absolute dumbest possible thing to lose a fight. But you know what? The dude has been immortalized which is a lot more than most could say about their MMA career. So props to David. Number six, Stipe Tapped. The title fight between Stipe Mia and Alistar Overim was a wild one. It only lasted a round, but Rem would score a knockdown before the champ rallied back and got the finish. Or at least that was what you were led to believe. During the post fight, as is custom was asked his thoughts by Joseph Rogan minutes after being knocked unconscious on why he was just knocked unconscious. To the surprise of everyone though, the recently concussed Ree uncovered a true scandal. &gt;&gt; I got him in a guilty joke and I clearly felt a tap. Joe, ever the questioner of official narratives, decided to watch the replay of the moment in question live with Alistister and the audience. An audience full of Stipe's hometown fans. &gt;&gt; You didn't see it there, but you felt it. We'll take a look at it one more time from another net angle. Well, it it didn't look like a tap to us, &gt;&gt; humiliating Overim further after the last opportunity he would ever have to win UFC gold came up short. I clearly felt the tap and/or steep tapped spread like wildfire. It's perfect for situations where you were just entirely wrong about something or if you really don't like Stipe Mia. Like steeped.com, a site that popped up shortly after the infamous moment. Everybody loves when someone is hilariously wrong about something. Number five, a revolutionary meme. So many photoshops have been done of fight moments, and most of them get a chuckle, maybe a like. If you're really tickled, you might even share it on your social media platform of choice. But then after a day or two, they sort of fade from relevance as the fight does. But what about one of the most infamous knockouts in the history of the sport? And a photoshop that just hit people exactly right to stand the test of time. I'm talking about the brilliant red coat Michael Bispine Photoshop from the UFC 100 Dan Henderson knockout. This image will never go away. It's still regularly shared. It just has everything. an absurd KO face, two instantly recognizable fighters in an iconic moment, and for US fans, a reminder of their great victory over the English in the Revolution, one of the few pieces of American history that Americans are actually aware of. Jason told me while we were making this that a friend of his has this meme hanging up on his wall. The follow-up shot by Hindo was also memorable. Henderson made his midair super necessary extra shot on the shadow realmed bispan his damn logo, ice cold. Number four, Nick being Nick. Nick Diaz is one of the most memeable people that's ever existed. I wouldn't be here talking to you today if I didn't spend like six years shouting Stockton 209 what and don't be scared homie. There are so many Diaz classics, but he even managed to create some fight moment memes. The best and honestly coolest is without a doubt laying down midfight against Anderson Silva. It was this legendary matchup. Both guys are known for taunting and when things got slow and weird, Diaz took a moment to express how little Anderson was engaging in the craziest and most disrespectful way possible. It's such a brief moment in the live fight, but in a freeze frame image, it really looks like Nick's just chilling while one of the scariest fighters ever is right there in the cage with him. The image has become shorthand for all sorts of disrespect, and I doubt we'll ever fall out of usage. Bonus points to Nick for another fantastic mid-fight meme that has lived for so long outside of its original context, many use it without even knowing its origin. And that would of course be Diaz's infamous incage reply to Carlos Condet throwing a spinning back fist during their bout. I mean, so we're we're throwing spinning [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now. &gt;&gt; Spinning [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] has become ubiquitous in the sport and will probably be used until the heat death of the universe. Number three, super necessary. When Jorge Mazvdoll absolutely decimated Ben Ascrin, you knew that it was going to be viral beyond the mixed martial arts world. Mazvdal and Ascrin were in such a high-profile spot on a huge card. And when you can share the entirety of a fight with a knockout that devastating in a single social media post, it was the perfect storm for a ton of attention. While the knockout itself would go viral, the extra shots that Mazvidal landed, as Luke Thomas put it, like he was slamming a screen door, were a huge part of the discussion, especially after Jorge addressed them during the post-fight press conference. &gt;&gt; I saw some criticism. People say the punches weren't really necessary. Maybe they were super necessary. And thus, a meme was born that is now so ingrained in so many aspects of discourse, usually in situations where something absolutely wasn't super necessary, like those extra shots, that people forget that its origin came from this moment. Mazvidal ran with the viral phrase and used it in every way possible he could to make some cash. And I can't blame him. A super necessary decision in a sport where you're one fight away from never getting paid again. Number two, Shodface. Fight fans have a long storyried history of being huge jerks when it comes to making fun of fighters who have been knocked out. As it turns out, when consciousness is ripped from your body via traumatic brain damage, you sometimes do funny things and fans cannot let it go. One of the most ever messes that kind of built up this trend of making fun of knocked out fighters came at the expense of poor Rashad Evans. His brutal KO loss to Leo Machita would see him lose his light heavyweight title and end up memed for the rest of time. While the way his leg bent would be mocked, particularly by Rampage Jackson at the height of their rivalry. &gt;&gt; Hey, Rashad, last fight. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Rashad's last fight. He did the stinky leg in the fight. &gt;&gt; The real meme from this knockout would come courtesy of an incredible picture by Al Bellow of Evans mid knockout. Unfortunately for Rashad, his face is doing some wild stuff in this freeze frame moment. And I mean, even if you've never seen that fight, you have seen that face floating around the internet. A jerk of a fan once walked up to Evans and asked him to sign an image of the infamous meme, and it went about as well as you would think. The fact that Shodface has stood the test of time when KO memes last about a week is a testament to just how insane that picture is. Number one, head movement. Ronda Rousey's head coach, Edmund Tarbardian of Glendale Fighting Club, was always a bit of a meme character in the sport. Even before Rousey's downfall, people were questioning what exactly his qualifications for being Ronda's head coach were. We'd all seen these shadow boxing clips of Rousey, a meme in and of itself. But it was a weird time. Ronda was winning fights you could put on YouTube shorts. She would get a knockout win over Betch Coa and the insane hype around her from every possible source was overwhelming and made it easy to ignore just about everything until Ronda Mania crashed and burned following her loss to Holly Holm. Then suddenly Edmund was back under the scrutiny of the community. And after Rousey's disastrous return bowed against Amanda Nunez, some jokester at the UFC released Edmmond's corner audio and birthed a meme that MMA fans will be shouting until the end of time. &gt;&gt; Head movement. Ed, [screaming] please. &gt;&gt; I mean, it just had everything you want from a meme. Characters you feel okay having a go at a comical lack of head movement despite the screams. It's easily quotable. You just yell head movement desperately and people immediately get the reference. And it's timeless. People have been unable to avoid punches since the start of the sport. And forever now will have a simple phrase to mock them. But you know who I would never mock? The editor of this video, Luke Taylor. Please follow this man on his socials. Go check out his awesome YouTube channel and buy him around if you ever run into him. A massive thanks to our channel members. Your support is greatly appreciated. Thanks for kicking ass. You watching this, hit the join button and become a member yourself. Like and subscribe if you think Stipe tapped. Leave a comment about which of these memes you still regularly use. And thank you for watching. Go ahead and watch another one. I know your lunch break isn't over yet. [music] OH MY GOD. OH, DICK TWIST.