Kind: captions Language: en [music] It's pretty rare, but every once in a while, a fighter builds up enough cache outside the UFC to have fans insanely hyped about them entering the octagon. And while there are great examples of fighters meeting those big expectations and doing big things, like Rampage Jackson and Luke Rockold, who both became champions, there have been quite a few that came in with expectations through the roof and just never delivered. These weren't your CM punks or Kimbo slices who came in with minimal belief they would do that well. And these aren't your overim types who faltered early but made things respectable in time. These are massive talents expected to do massive things and simply never did when they finally reached the octagon. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are the 10 most hyped failures from outside the UFC. Number 10, latestage Pride hype. Absolutely nobody had a single clue who SOAU was when he showed up in Pride and knocked out the legendary Antonio Hogerio Noggera in just 23 seconds. [screaming] A! WHO WOULD HAVE BELIEVED IT? OH MY GOD. A MAN WHO HAD never been KO'ed. It's still arguably the biggest upset in MMA history. When he followed that up with a first round KO of Ricardo Arona at the next and final Pride event ever, he cemented himself as official hotness and everybody was jacked to see what he could do in the UFC. He made such an impact in just two Pride fights that he was featured as part of the Pride roster in UFC Undisputed 3. That is crazy. &gt;&gt; So, could you a lot of hype on him right now? One day you're nothing, now you're like the baddest dude out there. How's that feel? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know if I'm the baddest dude out there, but I'm all right. &gt;&gt; He would debut against a monster in Leo Machita, who was only three fights into his own UFC tenure and seen as a prospect, but not yet what he would become. The dragon would submit Soo in the second round, an underwhelming debut after such massive hype. And while he would rebound with a pretty vicious beating of Kazahiro Nakamura, he'd get leveled by Luis Kane in his third promotional outing and that was it. As best as I could find from information about the release at the time, the UFC saw SOCU as a hype job that underwhelmed and saw no reason to keep him and they kind of nailed it because the French Cameroonian would never quite put it together the rest of his career. Number nine, Apache Start. &gt;&gt; I'm one of the most hyped prospects that ever had come over. I truly fullheartedly believe I'm the best man in weight in the world and I need to be in the UFC to prove that. &gt;&gt; When you come into the UFC as hot as Patchy Mix did last year, the expectations are way higher than some guy off the Contender Series. Patchy entered the promotion 20 and one. His only ever loss a decision to Juan Archeletta 5 years earlier. He had wins over Kioji Horiguchi, Sergio Pettis, Magabed Magamemedov, Superstats. Dude was a stud and left Bellator the reigning defending at bantamweight. Sitting on the shelf over a year, Mix would finally part with now Bellator owners PFL in early 2025 and immediately get picked up for a short notice debut against Mario Bautista. A very tough thrown into the frying pan debut, no doubt, and one that really couldn't have gone worse for Mix as he'd lose all three rounds soundly. I guess he could have been knocked out, but yeah, not an ideal start. And while many thought the judges got it wrong in his follow-up fight against Yakab Vicwatch, &gt;&gt; I want to know how you get Vic Watch out of those letters. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. I know. That's still backto-back losses coming in as the hottest bantamweight from Bellator probably ever. And so while there's still a chance for him to turn it around, things were rough enough to warrant a spot on this list. &gt;&gt; He needs to figure something out. I would be surprised if they kept him. &gt;&gt; Number eight, no ill will. Man, I was so high on Will Brooks coming into the UFC and I don't know how anybody could not have been. 17-1, his only loss, a flash KO in the first round eight fights and two years previous. He wins the Bellator Lightweight Tournament for season 9. turns that into back-to-back wins over Mikey Chandler, then defends the lightweight strap twice before Scott Coker lets his contract expire out of nowhere. Looks like a genius move now in hindsight, but at the time it seemed like Bellator had just laid one of their hottest fighters on a platter for the UFC. The promotion instantly signed him to a six-fight deal and we were off to the races. &gt;&gt; I am ready for this. This is I feel it in my bones. I feel it in my spirit. My mind, body, and soul are on the same page. So, I am ready for all of it. &gt;&gt; But they wouldn't last long. Brooks would win his debut against Ross Pearson, but it was no easy task. Pearson took it to him. Not a great sign considering Pearson was firmly in journeyman territory at that point. And then after that, he'd get finished three times in a row against Alex Olivera, Charles Olivera, and Nick Lince. And the UFC didn't even bother to give him his last two fights on his contract. They cut him and that was that. He'd have a brief stint in the PFL, but at 39, even though he's still semi-active, the prospect of him ever getting to the UFC again looks pretty bleak. I just didn't go out there and get the job done that was expected of me. I wasn't locked in. I wasn't dedicated. And it it came back to bite me in the butt. And you know, I accept that. &gt;&gt; Number seven, another guy. There are several fighters we're going to talk about today that it was debated whether or not they were better than GSP simply because they were on the outside looking in. And we couldn't find anybody that could compete with Rush by the time his championship reign really got rolling. Jake Shields was one such fighter. He entered the UFC on a stupid 14-ight win streak with victories over guys like Carlos Condid, Eusan Okami, Paul Daly, Robbie Lawler, and Dan Henderson. Not only was he an elite welterweight, he would enter the UFC as the defending Strikeforce Middleweight Champion. With his wrestling background and highlevel jiu-jitsu pedigree, he seemed like a legitimate threat to St. Pierre's reign. &gt;&gt; He has small weaknesses here and there. You know, he has small weaknesses of stand up, small weaknesses on his jiu-jitsu. You know, his wrestling has been looking pretty amazing, but been watching tapes, sees some small things here and there, and I plan on going out and exploiting them. His debut would be no cakewalk, though, as Shield struggled through a razor thin split decision victory over Martin Campman to secure an opportunity at GSP. The event was huge. Skydome filled with 55,000 plus, but it wasn't even close. I give all five rounds to St. Pierre, and so did many others. Shield's follow-up would be a 53 second knockout loss to Jake Ellenburgger. And while he rebounded with a win over Sexyama, by that point, Yoshihiro was already on a three-fight skid, so it wasn't exactly a huge victory. Then Jake did himself no favors when he popped for peeds following his next win and got a six-month vacation. &gt;&gt; Awkward. &gt;&gt; It is awkward. &gt;&gt; He had an abysmal stand-up fight with Tyron Woodley that he technically won simply because by default the judges had to score the fight for someone. His split decision win over Damen Maya was impressive but also underwhelming. And then he followed that up getting worked over for three rounds by Hector Lombard in one of his only wins in the promotion period. Dana White told Kevin Ioli that Jake was just another guy at that point when asked why he was let go. harsh but fair. &gt;&gt; Number six, Bellator's biggest bust. Hey, speaking of Hector Lombard, to be seen as a big free agency get in 2011 from Bellator of all places tells you just how high expectations were for Hector Lumbard in the UFC. The promotion threw huge stacks of cash at the middleweight champion to steal him away from Bellator's matching rights clause. A 400k signing bonus and 300K per bout after that. Hector was the guy at Bellator, undefeated with eight wins, seven knockouts in the promotion. the reigning defending middleweight champ. He jumped around to other promotions during his reign as well and amassed 25 straight without a loss. He was the hottest possible outside talent the UFC could bring into the middleweight division at the time. And man, his run did not go great. It started off well enough. He lost a couple fights on the cards to Tim Bos and Yuskami. Got a win over Husamar Paul Harris, Nate Marquort, and Jake Shields as I mentioned, but none of those wins elevated him beyond the middle of the pack really. And things would go horribly after that. First, he popped for being roided out following a victory over Josh Burkeman. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a shock. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Then proceeded to lose six fights in a row. Three of them by knockout and won a DQ against CB Doway for strikes after the horn. Every dollar they paid that man was a loss in terms of return. Absolute disaster run. Number five, Gibl's fall. There are only a few periods and a few promotions where being the champion of them could put you in contention for the best fighter in the world in that weight class without being in the UFC. And there was a very strong argument that Gilbert Melendez, Strikeforce's lightweight champion, was the best 155 pounder on the planet when he entered the UFC. &gt;&gt; We're looking at bringing Gilbert Melendez over ASAP. &gt;&gt; 21 victories, his only two career losses to Josh Thompson and Mitsahiro Ishida Heed avenged victories in eight Strikeforce lightweight title fights. And so entering the UFC against Benson Henderson, who' squared away his title in a rematch with Frankie Edgar and had one defense against Nate Diaz, there was absolutely an argument to be made that Gil was the division's top dog. So the bout was presented as a superfight of sorts. And man, it was a close one. The media and fans were split on who should have been given the judges nod. It was a strong debut despite coming up short. And he followed that up with an all-time classic against a wild Diego Sanchez that he would get the victory on. But after that, good god. Melendez's second title shot against Anthony Pettis would see him choked in the second round and then he would literally never win again. Five straight losses in the UFC. After one of those to Eddie Alvarez, he'd serve a year suspension for getting too juicy. Just an abysmal run despite so much promise entering the promotion. &gt;&gt; And unfortunately, it didn't work out, but you know, I wish I could have done more. &gt;&gt; Number four, a dulled axe. The level of destruction that Vanderlay Silva left in his wake in pride is hard to imagine in modern mixed martial arts. 20 straight victories in their middleweight division. 15 of those with finishes. Imagine someone today going 20 straight with almost all finishes. They'd be considered the best fighter in the world, just like Vandy was. And I'm not even mentioning that this lunatic competed in several openweight bouts against heavyweights. &gt;&gt; He seemed like he was mad I was breathing his same air in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] elevator. [laughter] &gt;&gt; The first time he would be finished in pride would be eight whole years after he was famously KO'ed at UFC Brazil by Vtor Belffort. And that knockout would come in a heavyweight bout against Miro Crocop. The first middleweight to finish him would come in the very next fight though when he would lose his title to Dan Henderson in his final pride bout. During his epic run, he was meant to do a crossover bout with Chuck Liddell, the two best 205ers in the world in their primes going at it. However, instead, we would get Vandy in the UFC just after his sellby date. Was his throwown with Chuck epic? Absolutely. But it lost considerable steam with both of them having fallen off the top right before it happened. And as for the rest of Vandy's run, there's definitely a few highlights. The Keith Jardine KO, a couple epic throwdowns with Kung Lee and Brian Stan, but overall, this was not the axe murderer anymore. And it showed in his five promotional losses. We didn't even get to see him fight Cha Sunen after their great tough season together because they both ran into some regulatory issues. Let's just SAY DRUGS. SO YEAH, IT'S NOT HARD to call Vandy's UFC run massively disappointing and just a bit too late. Number three, funked up. For as long as Ben Ascrin was active, whether it was in Bellator where he'd win nine straight and defend the welterweight title four times, or his time in one championship, where he'd win six and defend his welterweight title in the promotion three times, the undefeated fighter was compared to whoever was the best in the UFC at welterweight at the time. For the peak of his run, it was GSP. But the question always remained, &gt;&gt; I never lost. You can't say I'm not the best. That leaves a lot of intrigue to the matchup. So, I think uh I think that's a matchup that sells huge. &gt;&gt; Funky had never lost. He had elite wrestling and would surely be a problem for anybody in the UFC. But the promotion would just never sign him. &gt;&gt; I think he [music] didn't like me. D he being Dan didn't like me. I never really got to fight those top guys and it was for reasons beyond my control. &gt;&gt; Well, hell froze over a year into Askrin's retirement and the UFC did sign him. With Ben's social media presence, hype had only increased in his absence, not waned. To the point where his debut as the feature bout of 235 against Robbie Lawler was one of the main draws of that pay-per-view. Askin would win, but only after getting battered to the point of arguably the ref needing to jump in and then getting a choke that Lawler immediately disputed. So, okay, not the most ideal start, but a win's a win. He still had momentum going into the next fight and had a really fun build up to a big time match up with Jorge Mazvdal, who was white hot at the time as well. So long as nothing historically viral happened to him, he was fairing pretty well. [cheering] Oh no, something historically viral happened to him. might be the most watched knockout ever. And with Jorge at the time seeming like the coolest person on the planet, Ben's humiliation was only compounded. His follow-up loss to Damen Maya and subsequent retirement would turn his single-year UFC run into a legacy defining disaster. &gt;&gt; Well, that didn't go so well. &gt;&gt; Number two, NBA 4L. Nick Diaz's first tenure in the UFC left some things to be desired. He had good moments like his knockout of Robbie Lawler and his submission of Josh Near. But where Stockton's finest really made his name was when he left and started tearing it up elsewhere. Despite the victory being overturned for Devil's Lettuce, Nick's win over Takanori Gomei in Pride was amazing. And his subsequent run in Elite XC and Strikeforce that would see him become the latter's welterweight champion is where Diaz became the underground cult personality that fans couldn't get enough of. Even if you only watched the UFC, you'd heard of Nick Diaz. This wild man who had these wild fights and would go off like real world stone cold Steve Austin or something. I talked to Nick two days ago for an hour on the phone. If I can work with Nick Diaz and we can make this happen. &gt;&gt; The three-time defending Strikeforce welterweight champ rightly came into the promotion with an immediate title shot against GSP. One he would squander by not showing up for a presser. &gt;&gt; He's not a big fan of of the of the pre-fight promotion, but you have to do it. &gt;&gt; And eventually instead he would fight BJ Penn in an instant classic. And that is really the end of the good times in the UFC for Nick. He would lose to Carlos Condict and then get suspended for pot again. Finally get the GSP fight and get completely dominated. Come back nearly 2 years later. Have that weird fight with Anderson Silva. Fail again for Weed. Nearly get a career ender from Insac as a result. Disappeared for 6 years and then reluctantly returned for that sad Robbie Lawler fight. As much of a legend as he is with the fans, his second UFC run was nothing but bad times. While it's not entirely clear we've seen the last of Nick in the cage, as a huge fan, I truly hope so. Number one, left leg sedentary. The UFC would never be able to get Fedor, and that really is a shame. But truly, in 2007, the next best thing was Mirro Crowop, and they did get him. This absolute monster was arguably the second best heavyweight in the world, and he would enter the UFC having just won the 2006 Pride Openweight GP. 17 career knockouts by that point, 12 more in kickboxing. Surely, just like Nick, he would get an instant title fight, right? &gt;&gt; Don't call me Shirley. &gt;&gt; Nope. We need to establish him in the UFC apparently. So, he gets a first round KO over Eddie Sanchez. Whatever. That's cool. Let's give him that title shot now, right? No. Okay, then I guess we'll just have him fight Gabriel Gonzaga. What could go wrong? [screaming] I am so upset that the UFC allowed that to happen. Man, things never really got any better from there. He loses to Czech Congo next via decision. He gets kicked in the nuts like six times. Then he went back to Japan for a cup of coffee and returned to the UFC for a sixth fighter where he'd go two and four. His best victory, Pat Barry. His last three losses, all KOs. Many have said that Krov just was unable to adjust to the cage from the ring. And yeah, really no significant wins at all in the UFC. So the theory is pretty sound. Four years later, he'd return for one last fight and take his win back from Gabriel Gonzaga. But the level of disappointment compared to what we thought we were going to get is beyond measure. as is my respect for the editor of this video, Max Randall. Please follow him on his socials. Go check out his awesome YouTube channel and write him a song, something really nice. A massive thank you to our channel members. You guys help out with amazing suggestions. You are the glue that holds this thing together. Fight fans, become the glue, hit the join button, get exclusive content, live writers meetings. You can't go wrong. Like and subscribe because what else are you going to do on your lunch break? Leave a comment about which of these fighters you were the most hyped for and the most disappointed about. And thank you so much for watching. I'll see you guys later. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]