Kind: captions Language: en It is rare in sports. Hell, it's rare in life for you to lose but somehow gain in the process. But in mixed martial arts, occasionally losses are not only of benefit, but they're massive boons. There are moments that boost your status as much as any victory ever could and set you on a trajectory towards bigger and better things and all because you came up short in spectacular fashion. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 losses that were actually amazing for fighters careers. Number 10, Clay Lays Wood. We were two years into the tough boom and Roger Huerta had just done the cover of SI. He'd be showcasing his talents as the main event of the Tough Six finale. Things were hot. His opponent that night would be a very game but not exactly popular yet. Klay Guida, who was 2 and two in the UFC thus far. Now, Smart Money knew that this was actually the toughest fight that Huerta had up to that point in his career given Guida's experience and strength of opponents. But the casual Spike TV watcher didn't know that until the horn sounded. Klay did his absolutely unhinged thing and for two rounds was just relentlessly going after Huerta. Roger would barely survive the second round, but incredibly come back in the first minute of the third to secure a choke and get the win. What a comeback for Roger Werta. Wow. The bout ended up being the fight of the year 2007 and in large part because of the incredible performance by Guida Werta's ability to endure and the dramatic finish. And while Roger's stock went up temporarily, it would be Clay who would turn into a fan favorite, cementing that status a few fights later against Nate Diaz. Then of course having the Hall of Fame throwdown with Diego Sanchez. Two fight of the year fights, both losses, are still an insane feat, especially about a year apart. And they had everyone hyped anytime Guido was booked. &gt;&gt; Clay Guid's been fighting the same way for 15 years. Klay Guida is going to come out there and bludgeon you. Number nine, Lopez tonight. In the pre-fight interview package before taking on Mopar Evoyv, Diego Lopez said, "You might not know me now, but you'll remember me after this fight." And the son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasn't telling lies. Lopez was in a position so impossible, it actually worked to his benefit. On just 5 days notice, he would make his UFC debut against the number 10 featherweight in the world. Two years earlier, he'd lost his chance for the UFC on the Contender Series. And now he was hand chosen by Iloyv from a lineup of cannon fodder fighters to fill the slot of meetat with name for his bout at UFC 288. He was meant to fight Kid Rock, but he drilled his balls or something. &gt;&gt; And that don't look like much, but you're not going to be able to resist that spin. &gt;&gt; And so Mopar would get a showcase bout. The Russian was unbeaten and rightly a 9 to1 favorite. But despite his impressive performance, as expected, he was in some serious trouble with submissions from the absolutely game Lopez about three separate times with the fight ending while Diego was trying to pull the guy's leg off. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Survives a huge challenge from the short notice newcomer Diego Lopez tonight. &gt;&gt; The fight of the night instantly elevated Lopez from someone entirely unknown to someone to look out for. and back-to-back performance of the night finishes after that pretty much sealed the deal on his new hotness status. He'd actually find himself in a title fight less than 2 years after that Eloyv debut with the unbeaten Russians still unable to get himself quite there yet. Number eight, a groovy debut. Quick, what do you know about Lando Vanetta? Bet your first answer was that he gave Tony Ferguson a really good fight near his peak. And yeah, that's right. Tony was number three in the lightweight division. He'd be intram champion in a year's time. Everybody thought beating Mike Kiesa like he was scheduled to would mean gold next. But two weeks out, Kiesta dropped and Lando got the call up. Was he meant to debut? Nope. He was just an 8 and0 fighter out of Jackson Wink. Honestly, they probably picked him because the team was already going to be there that night anyway. Lando came out cool as a cucumber, dropped Tony like four times, nearly finished him, then got choked in the second round. Tony Ferguson rallies for his eighth consecutive UFC win. &gt;&gt; Didn't matter. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This guy beat up Tony Ferguson. Fight of the night. Talk of the town. You couldn't ask for a better debut fight. A victory against anybody else. Some other low-level guy would have meant nothing compared to this loss. Lando was on the map now. And after an insane KO in his sophomore effort, Banana went from debuting to co-main eventing a pay-per-view. Every one of his first four fights would earn him a bonus of some type. And the guy rode that wave of hype over his unexpected Tony Ferguson debut into a 13 fight UFC career where the expectation any time he stepped into the cage was that we'd see the groovy guy who took it to El Coui one time. Number seven, big mouth, big heart. &gt;&gt; Yeah, boy. &gt;&gt; The UFC debut of Kevin Holland could have truly been the end of his whole career. Rejected from the Contender Series after a victory because Dana thought he talked too much. &gt;&gt; The entire fight he was talking to me, so I said, I'm I'm not signing this guy. I I don't want him. I'm not interested in him. &gt;&gt; He was essentially thrown to the wolves when the promotion was in need of someone to step in on two weeks notice against MC Hammer. When everybody else turned it down, Dana called on Big Mouth in a sink or swim situation against a big scary ranked guy on a pay-per-view, no less. But the debut was a tentative chance. And if he went out and got dogwalked, there wasn't going to be another fight. Despite losing two of three rounds and getting 108ed in the third, Kevin Holland did what Kevin Holland does. Had a blast out there. had exciting moments and talked all sorts of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the whole time. It was the Kevin Holland everybody has come to love and that love affair really kicked off on that night. The most smitten of all, Dana himself. &gt;&gt; Much respect to to Holland. He was very impressive tonight. We will give him the proper time to train, get ready for a fight, and we'll give him another fight. &gt;&gt; With the high-profile and interesting debut, Kevin was off to the races and would start rattling off wins and building a fandom. All the elements that have made him a fan favorite were present that night. It's why they'll keep booking the guy no matter how many times he loses. Number six, a goldless opportunity. Now, I'm not a conspiracist, but if I was, I might be so inclined to think that Demetrius Johnson was totally fine, if not happy, that he lost the longest defended title in UFC history to Henry Cejudo in a razor thin decision because he knew that no longer being champion freed him up to go play in Singapore with his best friend, head coach VP of One Championship and that his life would be infinitely better, which it was. At the time, DJ was going through it in the UFC. He wasn't drawing. Fans were starting to hate him for dumb reasons. You had Dana out there talking crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about him. &gt;&gt; He has the lowest selling pay-per-view in the history of the UFC. It's not me. I'm I'm bullying you. How do you bully the pound-for-pound best fighter in the world? &gt;&gt; It was just not a tenable situation for Mighty Mouse. And losing that strap could not have been better for him. From it, he got the bunny ears trade with Ben Ascrin, headed over to one, and really became a star attraction for the promotion. People who do not watch one like me, but watch mixed martial arts probably saw some of DJ's fights, particularly his Adriana trilogy. And not only did he get this awesome deal where his head coach was an exec for the promotion he fought for, he got to add to his legacy legitimately elsewhere and the framing of his career changed considerably with fans after he left. It's like they suddenly remembered that he was amazing. Best possible outcome from that Cejudo loss. Number five, the other half. I mean, the benefits of losing one of the most seminal fights in UFC history were immediate when despite the loss in the tough finale on the spot, Stefan Bonner was granted a UFC contract as well as the winner Forest Griffin. And while nearly everybody from the show would end up in the UFC, Bonner got slightly more money than the rest of the season's runners up. So, that's something. Did you know that six-f figureure contract was paid over three years? Doesn't sound anywhere near as cool when you frame it that way, though. Anyway, losing to Forest Griffin could not have gone better for Bonner. It was an all-time moment that pretty much gave him fan favorite status for the lifetime of his career. His tooth and nail style and enjoyable Wildman persona, both of which were cultivated on tough and more specifically in that loss, meant that no matter who Bonner was fighting, fans were tuning in. By Fight Night 4, Bonner was a headliner when he took on Keith Jardine, setting him up for major back-to-back fights with Rashad Evans and a rematch with Griffin. He was a part of that UFC 100 card when a lot of fighters were not. When they needed someone on short notice for Anderson Silva in 2012, they called on a super tan, superjacked Bonner. &gt;&gt; Steroids, Brian. &gt;&gt; The loss to Griffin immediately defined who Stefan was, and that carried through to the very end of his career and kept him in the UFC despite never really making it to the top of the division for nearly a decade. &gt;&gt; Oh crap, I guess I have to do this for a living. Number four, Hall of Fame loss. How great was losing to Jon Jones for undisputed 205 gold for Alexander Gus? He ended up on the cover of EA UFC's first game. Do you know how many other losers of fights ended up on the cover of a video game for losing a fight? Literally nobody. When Jones and Gus fought, absolutely nobody cared who Alex was and assumed he had absolutely no chance. The big draw, the big hook for the fight. He's tall. He's marginally taller than Jon Jones. Look out, champ. You're in big trouble now. It was a nothing burger of a headliner beyond that JBJ was shaping up to be the greatest light heavyweight ever and was going to defend his title again. But of course, the fight would be an absolute banger. So much so that it ended up in the UFC Hall of Fame for being a banger. And even though there was a ton of outcry at the time that Gus won, retrospect has proven that point less impactful. But he's still very much one of the only people to ever bring a fight to JBJ. And it skyrocketed the Mer's career. It massively boosted Swedish MMA. They ended up having shows there. Alex was pretty much main event status going forward, even though we would have to wait a stupid amount of time for a second fight. And by that point, Gus just didn't have it left in him. But he had a huge boom period off the momentum of almost beating Jon Jones. Shout out to Dominic Reyes, who to a lesser extent got a similar rub after his very close fight with Bones. Number three, the Rumble Renaissance. The best thing that ever happened to Rumble Johnson was losing to Vtor Belffor. Not just losing to Vtor, which is exactly what he did in less than 5 minutes via rear naked choke, but doing so after missing weight by 11 whole pounds. His third such weight miss that would result in him being fired from the UFC. Despite tremendous promise, Rumble simply could not get his weight under control in large part because he was insanely trying to fight at both welterweight initially and then middleweight. &gt;&gt; I'm glad I didn't take any serious damage from losing so much weight cuz I was dropping from 210 down to 170, which is, you know, 40 lb right there. It just wasn't going to happen. The dude was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] huge. He'd go to the regional scene and miss weight yet again against David Branch before finally realizing maybe I should just fight at light heavyweight. Maybe that would be a good thing for me to do, fight at a weight I can make. And so he did. Johnson would go on a fiveight tear at his new weight, even make a pit stop at heavyweight to break Andre Arlosky's jaw in World Series of Fighting. And with his weight issues resolved and his incredible run, he was back in the UFC where he would score three straight victories to earn himself a shot at the light heavyweight title. &gt;&gt; I feel amazing at at 205. I'm I'm happy. Like I said, I can eat. I can enjoy myself now. Life is just is just beautiful. &gt;&gt; And none of this would have happened if the guy didn't miss weight, get choked by Vtor, and then get fired for his troubles. The ultimate silver lining to a complete disaster. Number two, gangsters don't dance. Cha Sonnen is so undefeated and so undisputed that his losses are better for him than the guy who beat him. And he was doing this before he even made it into the UFC. When Chale cried out in pain against Pauloilio, who had him dead to rights in an arm bar in their WEC title bout, which was then stopped by the referee, the bad guy was able to leverage that moment into a rematch by saying that the fight was unfairly stopped. &gt;&gt; But I proclaimed no. I proclaimed it over and over. No, no, no. And they stopped the fight. I'm very disappointed. Cut to three years later, JLP at the peak of his powers going into a fight with Anderson Silva for UFC middleweight gold that he completely carried on the back of his unprecedented for the time period shit-talking campaign against the Spider. &gt;&gt; He's not qualified to make Frank Mirror a sandwich. &gt;&gt; I'm sore, tired, under the weather, overtrained, under motivated, and still tough enough to beat this guy. &gt;&gt; Sunen wrote a whole check that his ass would have to cash in the cage. And son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he did it for about 23 minutes. The seemingly invincible Silva was down five rounds going to the cards and pulled off a miracle triangle armbbar to rip the title back from Westland's finest. It was a devastating blow for Chale that would get even worse when he pissed hotter than Salahek afterwards and got himself a year of timeout. You would think that being a big old cheater would have devastated Sun's career, but you clearly don't know the bad guy because he was more popular than ever after that performance. steroids. Never heard of him. Chel Sunonnen's fan base grew exponentially after that loss and shot him to the very top of drawing power in the UFC. The rematch with Anderson was a cultural moment. Everybody wanted to see if he could do it again and everything he built after that was all on that one incredible loss to Silva. Number one, Rockhold redemption. All my homies hated Luke Rockold and so did pretty much everybody else. Coming into the UFC, the man had the momentum of a runaway freight train as the reigning defending Strikeforce Middleweight Champion. And so his arrogant sort of aloof seesian point break persona was fine. I guess it wasn't anything people cared too much about yet. People were excited to see him debut. Then he got a big heaping helping of Shod and Freuda when TRTO spinning heel kicked his head off. After that, Rock Hold started winning as expected, though, burning through contenders all the way to the middleweight title, where he gained some serious respect for his gritty performance in taking it from Chris Weidman. But then things took a turn because there's nothing people love more than seeing a good-looking, arrogant person who underestimated their opponent get shown up. And that's exactly what happened when Bispine took his gold in a massive upset. &gt;&gt; God, that guy's such a dick. &gt;&gt; Despite Mike's dickish behavior towards Luke, everybody was like, "Yeah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this guy." And so started the weird lol cow period of Rockhold's career. Well, after he beat David Branch a year later, but then he would lose to Yoel Romero, who would get all kissy kissy after the fight, humiliating Rockhold even further, and then he would move to 205, where he would be hilariously KO'ed by Yan Blahhovich. &gt;&gt; He broke his jaw tonight. I'd like to I'd like to see him hang it up. &gt;&gt; His career had become a punchline. And the sentiment going into the last bout of his MMA career was that this guy was a cocky underachiever who probably could have been an all-time great but couldn't get out of his own stupid way. And I explain all of that to say that so much of it wiped away in that Paulo Costa fight. You have to remember this was years after the 205 debacle. We hadn't seen this man in the cage, but all those old feelings about him were right there on the surface again when he walked out to fight Paulo. But in a gritty performance where we would absolutely see him lose but go full you don't know where I've been Lou on Paulo. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Fans suddenly had a massive change of heart about the former champion. &gt;&gt; What a fight. &gt;&gt; That crowd was going absolutely ballistic. his passion for the sport really got to shine through and a lot of people felt like they maybe misunderstood the guy. It's honestly amazing how a single fight where he showed heart even though he didn't win a single round really redefined the perception and respect towards him after a pretty long period where fans just didn't really want anything to do with the guy. But you know who wouldn't make this list because they've never lost? The editor of this video, Max Randall. Follow him on all his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. A massive thanks to our channel members. Seriously, you guys are amazing. Thank you for the support. Fight fans, if you hit the join button, you become a member. You get exclusive content. There's one low price. You can't beat it. Like and subscribe to lose your way onto the cover of a video game. Leave a comment about other fighters who lost and somehow gained your respect. And thank you guys so much for watching. Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown. [Music]