Kind: captions Language: en Every once in a while, fighters enter the sport like marauding invaders from an ancient time where you had to worry about strange boats showing up at your shore. Dominators in every sense of the word. Stopppages left and right. All the momentum, real Avengers level threats that usually barrel their way through a division. But every once in a while, these absolute slaughterers come up against just one loss, one bad moment that completely undoes their career despite it looking like they'd never be stopped. And today we're going to talk about them. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 MMA destroyers pacified with a single loss. Number 10, violent delights. There's this barrier that fighters and fans put around mixed martial arts that a lot of times dulls the effects of the violence itself. It's a sport. It's agreed upon. There are safety precautions taken. But at the end of the day, it's still two people hurting each other. And that fact isn't lost on everybody, and it wasn't lost on Jaylen Turner. Going into his fight with Hinato Mo, Turner seemingly had everything you could want from this sport. He was just 28 years old in the top 10 at lightweight. All seven of his UFC victories were finishes. He was kicking ass. and on his way to the top. But a few key moments would take place in 2023 that really changed Jaylen's whole perspective on the sport. One of them was the aftermath of his bout with Dan Hooker. &gt;&gt; That fight taught me a lot about myself. You know, I fought some tough fools. I didn't think he was going to be that tough. &gt;&gt; The 100 significant strikes Turner landed in that loss did serious damage to Hooker, who would be transported after the fight. &gt;&gt; I was like, dude, like I just took time away from this man spending time with his family. &gt;&gt; You know, he had to get surgery. like it really weigh it weighed heavy on me. It weighed a lot on them. &gt;&gt; Next, Jaylen would brutally finish Bobby Green. A stoppage that was long overdue by the referee. &gt;&gt; One of the worst I've ever seen. &gt;&gt; And another that made Turner start to wonder about what it is he was even doing in the sport. &gt;&gt; You know, after I watched it, I was like, I was like, dang, that was that was pretty bad. Like, I said it in interviews like I didn't want to fight Bobby. We're from the same area, you know, show him a lot of respect. It plays with the mental. Plays with the mental a lot. &gt;&gt; And then came that Moano fight. Near the end of the first round, Turner would score a huge knockdown, but to the surprise of everyone, not follow up. He would walk away and he was walking off, which is very interesting that he did that. Like, &gt;&gt; I didn't want to hit him. I didn't want to I don't know what it was. My consciousness turned on. &gt;&gt; Hano would score a TKO victory that very next round. And the whole fight along with his hesitancy after the Green and Hooker bouts had him contemplating retirement well before his next bout. I would have been okay calling it a career is in. &gt;&gt; After nearly a year away and uncertainty about whether he even wanted to do this anymore, Turner would lose to Ignasio Bahamed in half a round and retire from the sport immediately afterwards. A move that shocked fans of course, but once you know the story and what was happening after that Moano fight, it seemed inevitable. Number nine, gone fishing. When you think about all the qualities that make for a top fighter, dude, Gregor Gillespie had every bit of it. D1 national champion wrestler, a real finishing instinct on the ground and on the feet. Going into the UFC, he'd stopped six of his seven opponents. And after making it to the big leagues, he would finish five of his next six UFC fights with subs and KOs of plenty. Dude was unbeaten and on fire. But how does Kevin Lee fit into all this? Well, Lee was Gregor's big jump to a top 10 opponent. After losing to Tony Ferguson in that interim gold bout, Kevin had struggled, missing weight in a win over Edson Barbosa and then dropping two in a row. Both fight night main events. As such, he slipped down to number 10 at lightweight. But if Gillespie was the real deal, this was the perfect fight for him to prove it against a guy who was right there on the cusp at the top of the division somewhat recently. Instead, Greor would really be the final highlight of Lee's career when he scored one of the nastiest headkick knockouts I have ever seen in my entire life. &gt;&gt; Oh, he dead. That's a dead man. &gt;&gt; Like, Gillespie was d o ne [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And it came in the first few minutes of the fight. I mean, it was just devastating for such a hot upandcomer. And yeah, that was kind of really the end of Greor's story. Despite all the promise having all the intangibles, we wouldn't see him fight for nearly 2 years after that. partially because of COVID. And then he beat Carlos Diego FA in his return and literally never fought again. He just refused every fight offer he got. Unwilling to fight anybody of lower rank than him or on short notice. And well, now he's 37 and hasn't fought in almost 5 years. So, not sure that strategy is working out for him. Number eight, the truth hurts. People completely forget that Brandon Barrow was absolutely destroying the heavyweight division when he first got to the UFC. And he got there fast. After just four pro bouts, two of which came via a single night WEC tournament. The unbeaten Vera won his debut easily and called out Chuck Liddell for some reason. What? Two wins later, including a firstround KO of title contender Justin Eers. Vera was up against former champ Frank Mir, who he destroyed in 69 seconds, earning him a title fight. Brandon Fury has defeated Premier, &gt;&gt; but a contract dispute would sideline Vera for a year and old man Randy Couture would get the opportunity to fight Tim Sylvia instead, beating the maniac despite being 73 years old. I mean, he's so old. Once Brandon got back, the UFC threw him into Sylvia's comeback fight after dropping the strap instead of giving him his shot at gold. That'll teach you to want more money. &gt;&gt; I'm going out there and putting online and trying to knock this little kid out. &gt;&gt; And it just went terribly. Tim smothered Vera for most of the fight and in the third was just piecing him up. After a controversial stoppage in his next loss to Fabricio over Doom, Brandon, who was always small for the division, moved down to 205, but his best win there would be Kristoff Shosinsky and his run of losses to Couture, who was now 94. &gt;&gt; He could end up the oldest man alive. &gt;&gt; JBJ and Thiago Silva playing the drums on his back were particularly brutal. After his fifth loss in six fights, Vera was released and ended up in one championship where he would win heavyweight gold. But if the division was thin in the UFC, you can almost guarantee it was one ply anywhere else. Number seven, All-American Blues. Have you ever seen the horror movie It Follows? It's about this invisible monster that gets passed from one person to another, and once you give it to someone else, it just hunts that person down forever unless they pass it along. I think the same thing happened via losing the middleweight title around the mid2010s. The first victim was Anderson Silva, who kept the monster at bay by going unbeaten for nearly seven years, but the monster caught up with him via Chris Weidman. The Chris earned his shot at Anderson by going unbeaten in nine fights and doing Mark Munoz about as bad as I've ever seen anybody done. Next, of course, Weidman would dethrone Silva in spectacular fashion and then horrifyingly break his leg in their rematch, a moment Silva would never recover from. Now Chris would go on to beat Machita and a deflated Vtor before the monster finally caught up with him, but it did catch up with him via Luke Rockhole. A brutal fight with a brutal finish started by a brutal mistake. Weidman would never really recover from the loss either. He followed it up with a horrifying flying knee KO loss to Romero, then that disaster fight with Masasi. That's legal. &gt;&gt; Yes, I would agree. &gt;&gt; They're both legal. &gt;&gt; The fight should be over. &gt;&gt; The fight should be stopped. Gage Mousasi, not without controversy, will get the TKO win here. &gt;&gt; After getting KO'ed by Jacare, he'd take a brief detour to 205 and get KO'ed by Reyes. Then came his horrific Silva mirror leg injury. And yeah, the dude just never ever recovered after his loss of that title. Don't forget though, the monster got passed along to fellow destroyer Rockold and would curse him in his very next fight, losing to Bispine via KO and never recovering eye diamond. Luckily, after Mike lost to GSP, St. Pierre retired. The only real way to kill the monster. The guy's a hero. Number six, hype train head-on collision. A single year in this sport can take you from obscurity to superstardom. Jorge Mazvdoll's 2019, Cody Garbrandt 2016, BJ Penn's 2001. Thomas Almeida was having that kind of run in his first year in the UFC, debuting at 17-0 with 17 finishes, 15 of those in the first round. Almeida kicked things off with a fight of the night victory followed by three KO finishes that all earned him performance bonuses, pushing him to 21 and 0. A streak that the Undertaker would be proud of and one that had everybody so damn hyped about this dude. In a year, he went from largely unknown, unless you were a hardcore, to one of the hottest prospects in the entire sport. &gt;&gt; Thomas, the volume that he has, the the variation of attacks that he has, the things that he can do non-stop from all angles with relentless pressure. This lined him up with another undefeated guy who was white hot, Cody Garbrandt. This was a fight night headlining bout. Cody wasn't even ranked and Thomas was outside the top five. That is how much hype there was for this one. But it did not last long. 2 minutes and 53 seconds in, Almeida was lying on the canvas and Cody was headed towards an eventual title victory later that year. &gt;&gt; Undefeated no more. Cody goes to 9 and0. &gt;&gt; As for Thomas after that, while he'd bounce back with another performance bonus earning finish immediately after, he'd never have a significant win again, losing four straight in the UFC. His farewell, a KO loss to Sugar Shaun O Rainbow. He actually fought again in April though, believe it or not. A UD victory over Taylor Moore at Art of Scrap 10 in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Thomas Almeida. Number five, No Love Lost. Who else could go after Thomas Almeida on this list than the destroyer who destroyed him? Yes, Cody Arbrand's victory over Almeida was the second fight in his incredible 2016 that would end up seeing him go from unranked to bantamweight champion in just four fights. nine finishes in his 10-0 career skyrocketed no love to contention with the goat Dominic Cruz. An all-time performance and victory that would seal Cody's place in history. And it's a good thing he did it when he did because oh man, things wouldn't be super great after that. &gt;&gt; The shit's about to get real sad. &gt;&gt; Following the title win, Garbrandt would get a chance to defend his gym's honor against the coward traitor snake TJ Dillashaw. The buildup was intense and the blowoff even more so. Despite nearly getting a finish in the first round, Cody would get decimated in the second and finished violently. &gt;&gt; Wow. TJ Dillashaw has done it. &gt;&gt; It was a stunning result, but there was no guarantee he'd lose in their rematch. After all, he had Dillashaw in serious trouble in the first, but the second fight would go even worse for Cody as he wouldn't even make it out of the first round. Garbrandt followed that up by getting KO'ed again, wildly brawling with Pedro Munoz. And as quickly as he'd risen to the top, he'd fallen right off the other side. A return to action over a year later, and a sick KO of Halfella Sunso had everyone hoping that the old Cody was back, but he'd lose four of his next six and never get any real wins of note. He just never got it back after that loss to TJ. Number four, Lost Magic. Do you remember how good Marlon Morice looked up to like 2019? Dude came in from WSOF where he wrecked shop five times. &gt;&gt; Five time. five time five-time defending bantamweight champion with seven finishes in the promotion and mind you this is at 135 the dude was a hitter comes to the UFC gets robbed by the judges in his debut against Raphaela Sunso then goes on a nasty four-fight run Dodson Aljain Sterling Jimmy Rivera revenge against the Sunso three finishes backto back all performance bonus winners all in the first round &gt;&gt; all he has done is win knockout of the year contenders he is knocking on that title shot door. &gt;&gt; The dude was a bantamweight wrecking ball and it didn't look like anything was going to stop him. After EPO CEO Dillashaw had to vacate his gold, the Magic Man was lined up with Triple C to crown a new divisional champion. But of course, they don't call him Triple C for no reason. In fact, this is the fight that earned him the nickname. Morice looked fantastic through a round and a half, but would get absolutely destroyed over the next 7 and 1/2 minutes or so until he lost via TKO late in the third. That's it. on the second belt. Henry Ceuno is the UFC bantamweight champion. &gt;&gt; Henry Cahuno did. &gt;&gt; Despite the loss, there was every reason to think that Marlin would bounce back. But man, oh man, did he not. Despite a decision win over Jose Aldo, that fans were pretty split on the judging. The rest of Barry's entire career would be a disaster. &gt;&gt; Oh, that just chopped his leg off, Natalie. That's it. &gt;&gt; Seven straight losses, all knockouts. Holy yikes balls. Four of those would come in the UFC, the rest in the PFL before he would retire and become a cop. Morice was scheduled to come back to the sport in the GFL, but luckily they never really existed in the first place. Number three, the Baron of Nothing now. Henra would lose via decision in his professional debut and would not see defeat again for 3,327 days. That is 9 years and some change. In that time, he would win 32 fights and finish 22 of those victories. His run encompassed a nine-fight win streak in the WEC UFC that saw him earn in gold, defend it, get promoted to undisputed gold, and defend that as well. Say what you will about Dominick Cruz, and I have and will continue to do so. But the absolute vice grip that Barau had on 135 cannot be understated. He really looked like he was going to be the greatest of all time. He was one of those fighters that you watched and just thought, I really don't know how anybody is going to beat this guy. And let me tell you, not a damn soul thought it would be TJ Dillashaw. &gt;&gt; How old are you? I'm old. &gt;&gt; You're not old. &gt;&gt; Who got thrown into a title challenge because they needed a body essentially. But he would proceed to beat the everliving breaks off that man in a five round pummeling that ended with a flourish of a headkick to cap off what was essentially a perfect performance by young Tyler. Now, you would think that a single loss in nearly a decade would be something that someone that dominant could brush off, but brush off Barrow could not. The rest of his career would be an unmitigated disaster. He botched his immediate rematch via weight cut hospitalization and got roasted by Rogan for it. &gt;&gt; This is very disappointing and and very embarrassing not just for you but for the UFC. &gt;&gt; Turned around and subbed Mitch Ganon to get a second chance at Dillashaw who would beat him even worse than the first time and from there proceed to lose seven of his last eight career bouts having two missed weight issues along the way. The drop off from his peak was staggering and he just never recovered once Dillashaw opened the floodgates. Number two, till the last hype can really blind us into thinking that we're pushing someone to greatness when in fact we're pushing them off a cliff. And that is exactly what happened to the career of Darren Till. We so badly wanted a new Connor. And it really looked like this dude was it. Straight out of Liverpool, Till entered the UFC unbeaten with 11 finishes in 13 fights and after just four bouts, headlined his own fight night card where he destroyed Donald Cerrone and looked every bit the next big thing. He followed that up with a massive show in Liverpool where he really did look like the second coming of Connor. The atmosphere was insane and he scored a main event UD over perennial contender Steven Thompson. Now, was Till ready for gold? It certainly felt like it at the time and Dana certainly seemed to think so because the moment Kobe Cington had to pass on a September date against welterweight champion Tyron Woodley, the spot was given to Darren. And it could not have been more of a disaster. attacks the world. &gt;&gt; Things would go from bad to worse though when Jorge Masbodol would resurrect his career by flatlining Till in front of a London crowd. Later that year, a split decision over Kelvin Gastelum would mark the final victory in MMA for Till, who would lose three straight on his way to the boxing ring. Number one, Nitro Cellulose. The only thing that Shane Carwin brought to MMA was decimation. A talking gorilla links no longer missing. Evolution right here. Take a picture. This absolute monster of a human started his pro career in 2005. And by 2010, he was 12-0 and had finished every single opponent in the first round. Not even just the first round. That doesn't do Carwin's destruction justice. Going into his interim title fight with Frank Mir, his fights lasted on average 67 seconds. Mir actually lasted the longest. 348 into the first before one of the most brutal heavyweight KOs I've ever seen. That's a scary, scary man. &gt;&gt; That was the man that was headed for Brock Lesnar's world. And good god, that fight could not have been any bigger. I mean, it felt like the biggest fight in the world. Carwin felt like the biggest threat. This is the biggest fight in the history of the heavyweight division. And in that first round, just as he'd done 12 times before, Shane would batter Lesnar to the ground and land essentially 60 unanswered punches with Brock somehow surviving the barrage. Carwin's entire tank was empty and he'd completely crumble in the second, cementing Lesnar's legacy in an all-time great comeback. &gt;&gt; Brock Lesnar has done it. Welcome back, Brock. But after that loss, this absolute terror of a heavyweight who, despite being in his mid30s, was still relatively fresh to the sport. But his body was broken down badly from a lifetime of wrestling and football. injuries would see his follow-up to the Lesnar bout take place nearly a year later in a title eliminator with Junior Dos Santos where Shane would finally see a judge's scorecards, but they were not pretty as he'd lost every single round. Yeah, it's hard to look at Shane like this. And that was the end of this beast. Injuries would keep him sidelined permanently despite several attempts at a comeback. One of the scariest and most dominant heavyweights we've ever seen never fought again. But you know who's still fighting every single day? The editor of this video, Max Randall. Please show him all the love on his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. A massive thank you to our channel members. Your support means everything, guys. If you want to become a member, hit the join button and get yourself some exclusive content. Like and subscribe if I made you laugh at least once today. Leave a comment about which of these destroyers just falling apart shocked you the most. And thank you so much for watching. Have a wonderful day, guys. [Music]