Kind: captions Language: en MMA is absurd in about a hundred different ways if you really stop and think about it. But there's nothing more absurd than weight cutting because it requires you to take your body to near permanent shutdown mode to achieve it. Quite a few fighters over the years have showed up on the scale the night before the fight in states that are terrifying. And today we're going to look at the most staggering of those weigh-in moments. No pun intended. It's &gt;&gt; not hard, is it? &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are the 10 most dramatic weight cut fails. Okay, quick serious note before we start. We're focusing on fighters that looked so bad on the scale someone probably should have stopped the fight from happening and in many cases they do. So, this video is not going to be about weight cuts that went tragically before the fighter even made it to the weigh-ins like the terrible loss of Gian being prior to a bout in one championship. If you'd like a more serious look at why one's alleged solution to weight cutting has not worked, Jason did an unbelievable video about it. All right, let's hit the scales for the first time with number 10. No free shows. If you look up scariest weigh-in moments, Cynthia Calvio's before her bout with Paulina Bautellio will almost certainly pop up in video compilations, lists, and on Reddit threads. And rightly so. I mean, this is a pretty scary moment. The thing is, the weight miss is a bit misremembered. Kind of like how people think the Showtime kick was a knockout. I think because people saw that it was so scary, they assume, oh, that was one of her fights that got cancelled. But the only fight that even got cancelled because Calvo missed weight was actually her final UFC bout in 2024. It's probably because she missed weight three times that people are getting them mixed up. &gt;&gt; She's a great fighter. She came in at 120.5, supposed to be 115. You got that responsibility as a pro. And I know it's not nice to say, but it's just the damn truth. &gt;&gt; But after weighing in a whole 2 lb over and looking very much as bad as many fighters that have had their bouts canled, Calvo was allowed to compete. And of all the fighters on this entire list, she's the only one that actually won. First round rear naked choke. that unsettling weigh-in moment. She was totally fine, guys. &gt;&gt; The towel itself was too low and they told me to put my hands up and I would have showed my my whole top. So, that's why I went down and it would looked like I was going to faint, but that was not the case. I It was just I didn't want to give everybody a free show. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen a ton of weigh-ins and definitely very normal behavior. Everybody looks like they're on the verge of passing out on the scales. I'm sure the weight count wasn't affecting you at all. Number nine, Phantom Pain. Early weigh-ins for yet another card at the Mighty Apex were going about as routinely as possible until an hour in when Dylan Budka arrived. It was clear from the moment he stepped into the weigh-in area that something was off. &gt;&gt; 188 and A2. &gt;&gt; All right. 5 4 3 2 1 Get him. Get him. I don't care. &gt;&gt; Dylan managed to survive but was hit with some bad news. 2.5 lb over. Yikes. That is a big miss. one that is not taken lightly by the UFC when you're not exactly a star. But clearly the man had been through it. People were deeply concerned of what they saw of him at the weigh-ins. But to everyone's surprise, doctors cleared BudKa to fight. To everyone's surprise, but his opponent, Andre Petroski. Anyone could tell it was an act. He had weight to lose. You can't say you're sucked out and you're dying and your face is full. You know what I mean? Like I know when someone sucked out. I know the face of someone who just quit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Petroski thought it was just a big drama show. And good luck getting any sympathy from someone who hasn't missed weight since middle school wrestling. I'm not a doctor, so I don't know if Dylan is a faker or not, but if I missed weight by 2.5 lbs, I know I'd probably act like I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up, too. Kind of like when you fake sick to get out of school back in the day. You got to sell it. I do not know, but BudKa would make the walk and get you. Number eight, ironic. Following her brutal loss to Valentina Shvchenko in her only ever title challenge, Jessica I would miss weight against Vivani Adujo by five whole pounds. But after her victory, Jessica vowed that that was the first and only time she would ever miss weight. &gt;&gt; It won't happen again. It's not like this is something that, you know, is a continuous problem with me, but I don't want it to happen again. I have never miss a weight in my life. &gt;&gt; As a reward for the miss, I was given a fight night main event against our number 10 entry, Cynthia Calvo. Despite her vow, I looked noticeably vacant and almost terrified on the scale as she missed by 2 lbs. &gt;&gt; 126 and a quarter. Sounds like I can stand, guys. I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; When I took to Twitter to say she was extremely proud of only missing by 0.25 lbs, people were not having it. People like Paul Felder on the pre-show. &gt;&gt; You know, and I like Jessica and I think she's a great fighter and uh I'll probably hear about this later, but you can't be proud of missing weight. That that's that's BS. &gt;&gt; Her opponent wasn't having any of I's positivity either. &gt;&gt; When I miss weight, I lock myself in the hotel. and I freaking cried for hours. But then she goes online, you know, and then she's like, "Oh, you know, guys, I only missed by 2. I should have peed and you know, blah, blah, blah." Man, if it was that easy, then maybe you would have peed. Maybe you would have cut your hair to like really if it was only 02. It was just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and and it wasn't cool. Like just the way she handled the whole weight cut was not cool. &gt;&gt; Well, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you then, Jessica. I I guess. Yeah. Word around the campfire apparently from Calvio's manager is that I was actually 2 lb over, but that was never confirmed. I did find a little snippet of an interview she did about the miss that next Monday though. Listen to this. &gt;&gt; We we did a really good job. It was a couple pounds off and it's really it. &gt;&gt; Not sure if she meant to say a couple pounds off like coming into that Friday or if she just confirmed the theory. I don't know. Didn't look like she was grabbing any towels to me. I'm not sure how she could have cheated. Either way, I would lose and everybody was mad at her. Number seven, shaky ground. By the time Aspen Lad was five bouts into her UFC career, she'd already had three canceled fights and would have three more in a row backto back following her 2018 win over Jana Santos. One of those six was due to her missing weight before a fight with Leslie Smith by 2 lbs. She'd missed weight in Invicta once as well. So making 135 was a concern, but it became more than that prior to a second attempt at fighting Macy Shaison. Now, if you've ever watched weigh-ins, they generally take about 90 seconds tops per fighter. The video of Aspen Lad trying to make weight before Vegas 38 is 11 minutes long. It is the weirdest thing I've ever seen. First, she weighs in wearing more clothes than you'd have on going to a bonfire in October for some reason and is at 141 lbs. Well, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You got a bunch of clothes on. They bring out the black curtain. She steps on again. They don't weigh her. They make her stand there for nearly 5 minutes. Then she gets on and is shaking so hard you can hear the scale clanging around. They can't get the weight because she's shaking so much. They're worried she's going to fall off. She shakes more. A full minute after getting back on the scale. They finally announced 137 a pound over. The fight would be cancelled. So, what the hell happened here? Well, according to Aspen herself, the cut was absolutely miserable and she did the best that she could, ending her statement on IG with, "I'm going to get slammed regardless, so let it begin." Aspen would miss weight again two fights later and get her UFC walking papers. Physically, I just I can't do it. Like, it's no more. After this last cut, I'm not trying again. &gt;&gt; Number six, deep trouble. You probably remember former Singoku and deep champion Mazudo Herodto best for being the guy that Shina Aayoki flipped off after breaking his arm. &gt;&gt; That is disgusting. &gt;&gt; Heroda also had a couple runs in the UFC where he would be Vulk's first ever featherweight bout in the promotion. His follow-up fight was meant to be against Charles Rosa a few months later, but an unsettling weigh-in would put an end to that. Not only was Mizutoo's behavior concerning, the dude missed by 4 lbs. There wasn't a ton of follow-up on this one, as it wasn't like the guy was in the main event, but an official statement from the UFC said that Herod was deemed medically unfit for the bout, and so it was scrapped. When asked for comment, Shinaoki said, "Fuck Herod." I'm kidding. He never made a statement on it. Mizuno would have a pair of losses more in the UFC before the end of his second run with the promotion. Number five, scale surfing. Yeah, this one is not good at all. So, Ryan Benoy was set for a flyweight showdown with Zeruk Adosev in 2021, and Ryan needed this one bad. He'd lost three of his last four, the only one he'd won in that period he missed weight by 3 lbs. So, this was a big deal for Benoy. And you know when they are holding your arm as you walk up to weigh in that things aren't good. Ryan was so wobbly that they couldn't get a weight on his first try. They had to sit him down, take him to the back to see the doctor, and then he was brought out again, and similarly could barely keep himself upright for the entirety of their attempt to weigh him in. When the number finally came, Bonoy was 3 lb over again. Unlike some of the previous entries, Ryan was taken to the hospital immediately afterwards, and the fight was cancelled. Not much was offered in the way of explanations from Ryan other than that the weight cut went really bad towards the end. He did mention how devastated he was to not compete and earn a paycheck and apologize to his opponent. A reminder that these stakes are higher than some ridicule from fans when you can't make the walk. Number four, 90 g. Everything is possible in your life when you believe except for making weight if you're Yoel Romero. Following his loss to Robert Whitaker for interim middleweight gold, Yoel Romero would fight Luke Rockold for inter middleweight gold. Or rather would have, but he missed championship weight by nearly 4 lbs. So when he knocked out Luke Rockold, remember the party? He won absolutely nothing. But of course, inram titles are make believe anyway. So Yoel was still granted a title opportunity against Bobby Knucks at UFC 225 later that year. Come Friday though, the Cuban was a pound over on his first attempt at the scales. And so he would get a couple hours to resolve the problem. A zombie like Romero. See what I did there? Would return to the scale though and missed by2 lb. The weight of a lime. Godamn. That is crazy. Just lean on the towel like DC did. Dude, backstage afterwards. as a depleted soldier of God was seen essentially being carried by his team. That is scary stuff. Romero competed in his second straight title bout that wasn't a title bout and lost a narrow split decision that a lot of people gave to Yoel. Not that it would have ended up with him getting any gold, though. Number three, triple miss. We are headed to Japan for possibly the most messed up weigh-in video to ever result in a fight still happening. Daniel Pac-Man Lima was all set for a meaningless preliminary bout at Pancra 290 against Daiicata when his weigh-in would go not super great. Waiting to take the scale on a milk crate. Lima, despite three different attempts to weigh him in, all within a few minutes of each other, missed weight for his straw weight bout by 2 lbs. Far more concerning though, was the fact that Lima nearly fell over three different times. Had to be essentially carried by his team. Here he is the next day raring to go. &gt;&gt; Bit of a rough rough weight cut yesterday. Yeah. Somehow Pancra saw that way in display and thought, "Ah, this dude's good to have a cage fight." Lima would lose via unanimous decision. Probably just an off night. Number two, no sympathy. Yeah, it's the latest and greatest way in debacle. Fightw week attention for the UFC's debut on Paramount was somewhat redirected from Patty's posture, Silva screaming at the belt, and Gachi's staff when a prelim fighter most fans had never heard of in Cameron Smotherman had possibly the scariest weigh-in moment in UFC history. Jesus Christ. Great times. really really fun thing to watch. Can't wait for Saturday night. Even more insane is that Michael Bispine probably had the most cosmically poorly timed tough guy sentiment that's ever been broadcast. &gt;&gt; I never have any uh sympathy for these guys. &gt;&gt; You're a professional fighter. It's not hard, is it? &gt;&gt; You have months. Oh. Oh man. Brutal irony aside, luckily Cameron was okay after his fall. The fight was of course canceled despite him technically making weight and he was given medical attention. When asked to speculate on what happened, Dana was perplexed. &gt;&gt; Could be nerves, could be I I mean, it could be a million things. I mean, people faint at weddings, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, groomsmen at weddings got to stop doing salt baths and sitting in saunas wearing trash bags. They're passing out too much. To be fair to Dana, Smotherman claims that the weight cut was actually pretty chill. I know my tone has been cynical in this video with some gallows humor, but I hope his doctors, after testing him, give him a clean bill of health. That was definitely some scary stuff. Number one, Double Trouble. Man, this one is both scary and baffling at the same time. For as dramatic as Smotherman's fall was, it is hard to say that there's been a weigh-in disaster worse than Julia Stolia's from a number of perspectives. Julia stepped up to the scales in Las Vegas for a scheduled bantamweight bout with Julia Aila before her first attempt at weigh-in took her off her feet, literally. Now, you would think, okay, a fighter passes out on the scale. Let's get them some medical attention. They're probably in a state that needs to be figured out before we can go ahead. or you just have her sit on a chair for a few minutes before getting back up there. Stolarinko would end up making weight now that she could stand on the scale long enough before immediately passing out again. &gt;&gt; What are we doing here? This was the dumbest thing ever. Eventually, Julia would be carried out on a stretcher and her fight was cancelled despite making weight. Good call. Stolia Reno took to IG later that day to explain what happened. And you're not going to believe this, but it was a great cut. Just like many of these other fighters have said, &gt;&gt; it was one of the easiest weight cuts in my career. I'm totally fine. I'm totally healthy. &gt;&gt; Stolen Reno and Aila would eventually throw down and Julio would lose via submission. Max Randle's never missed weight, not once. He is the editor of this video. Please show him some love on his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. A big big thanks to our channel members. Your support directly leads to awesome videos like this. My fans, hit the join button. If you become a member, you get exclusive content. Like and subscribe because I'm here every week. Leave a comment about which of these unsettled you the most. And thank you so much for watching. Have a good one, guys.