Kind: captions Language: en Rematches could be some of all the fighting. They give us narrative through lines, they give us the potential for another outcome, and like all storytelling mediums, sequels are popular. Except for the ones we're talking about today. &gt;&gt; Whoever set this up is an idiot. I don't know why I'm doing this. &gt;&gt; These rematches are so entirely pointless for a whole host of reasons, be it how uncompetitive it was the first time, or that it was just forced to happen instead of other obvious match-ups, or a combination of both. &gt;&gt; Last time I asked you about Dana White privilege, do you think that concept still plays a role in how fighters get opportunities in the UFC? Um Every one of these is a fight that fans immediately asked, "Why? Why would you do this?" I'm Tommy from MMA on Point, and these are 10 rematches that absolutely nobody asked for. Number 10, stop hammer time. The first time Fedor Emelianenko and Mark Coleman met was certainly a big deal. Coleman was the winner of the 2000 Open Weight GP, a feat that alongside his UFC credentials made him a living legend. And it was exciting that he would be up against Fedor, who was the Pride Heavyweight champ in the opening round of the 2004 Heavyweight GP. But the match-up ended up being anything but competitive, with Fedor making quick work of Coleman via a nasty belly-down armbar in the opening minutes after a few grappling exchanges. MARK TOOK IT GREAT. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; BY THE TIME THEIR SECOND ENCOUNTER HAD COME AROUND, Emelianenko had won the GP, defeating Nogueira in a rematch, and had one of the most anticipated heavyweight fights ever against Mirko CroCop. Coleman had defeated Shogun Rua Joshua "The Warmaster" Barnett style when he hurt himself in the opening seconds. So, why did this fight happen? Well, Pride's big on spectacle, of course, and this would be their first ever show in the United States. So, what better way to appeal to the US audience than headline with their heavyweight crown jewel, Fedor, against arguably the most high-profile American heavyweight that was available to them at the time? The second go-round, Fedor battered Mark's face for arm-barring him in an almost identical sequence. We really didn't need to see this one twice, nor did Coleman's poor daughters. &gt;&gt; I love you, okay? Daddy's fine, okay? Number nine, Apex Center Blues. Remember when ESPN cards were a big deal? Well, that was back closer to 2019 when the deal first started. We had cards like Ngannou versus Velasquez that saw 1.5 million viewers, and who knows how many more on ESPN Plus. By 2024, though, as the relationship between the UFC and ESPN was winding down, we got events like Sergey Spivak and Marcin Tybura 2 at the Apex with a peak viewership of 590,000 people. People I strongly suggest maybe take a break from MMA for a bit. Honestly, even that abysmal number is higher than I expected. Having Sergey Spivak and Marcin Tybura rematch each other in general felt unnecessary. Who even remembered their first fight 4 years earlier on the prelims of Fight Night Norfolk? So, to have them headlining a Fight Night together with a big two on the poster, like we're about to watch Tyson Holyfield again or something, is just kind of hilarious. I mean, I get that by default we're going to number fights in sequence regardless of how important they are, but when a fight this underwhelming ends up headlining an event, maybe make the two as inconspicuous as possible. Is it unusual that these two would meet again in a shallow heavyweight division? No. Is it a testament to how little the UFC cares about Apex cards that they headlined one together? It is. Luckily, Spivak had the decency to end the fight in under 2 minutes with a slick armbar. Number eight, Sasquashed. Cain Velasquez versus Bigfoot Silva 2 is one of those ones that just kind of sucked to see because even with the insane two-fight run that Bigfoot went on to get to the title, the outcome felt so incredibly inevitable. I mean, these two fights happened just a year from each other, you know? So, here's how it all went down. Cain just lost his title to JDS via a flash KO, and to rebound he decimates a debuting Bigfoot in a single round, making him go full shining elevator in the process. Quick, decisive, felt like Silva had nothing for Velasquez. Afterwards, Dana couldn't have been happier about the state of the heavyweight division, and he made a prediction that's aged like goat cheese pizza sitting on your counter for a year. &gt;&gt; Are you going to see bigger, athletic guys that would have played other sports getting into mixed martial arts? Like I always say, hitting home runs and kicking soccer balls and all that shit's fun, but everybody wants to be the heavyweight champion of the world. &gt;&gt; Turns out nobody wants to be, apparently, but back to Cain. He wins the title back in brutal fashion. Bigfoot beats White Trash Travis Browne when he pulls a hamstring doing out-of-range spinning [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the first round and gets bodied. And then the best one of Silva's career, he puts away a cocky Overeem following his big return after a year off for too much horse meat. Cain's next opponent was going to be Mir initially, but that fight got scrapped when Frank was needed for a date with JDS. So, Bigfoot would get a second shot at Cain in just a year and get beat in half the time it took the first time. Number seven, Diego Diego. There's literally not a single reason this fight should have happened again when it did. So, Diego Lopes goes on quite a run to earn a title shot. Five straight victories, fighting Dan Ige on 10 seconds notice, and finally capping things off by beating Brian Ortega at the Sphere. The day that Ilia Topuria vacated the title, Lopes was number three under Holloway and Volk, two opponents that Topuria had already defeated. So, naturally, when Ilia left, giving Lopes a chance at the vacant title made sense. And the UFC chose Volk because, well, he's Volk. He's popular, he's the greatest featherweight ever, so yeah. Lots of questions going in about how old Alex was, though, but they were answered emphatically with a stellar performance against the young gun. Not total domination, but a definitive victory on the cards. So, what could happen in the intervening 9 months between Volk versus Lopes 1 and Volk versus Lopes 2 to warrant the rematch? Diego did defeat Jean Silva via knockout, a huge win on a guy who hadn't lost in the UFC yet, but what about I need Kay Evloev, the dude who was undefeated with a win over Lopes? Well, Dana wasn't exactly hot on him around that time period. &gt;&gt; That was the least fun fight anybody's ever seen. I think he doesn't have much to complain about. You know who lost that fight? The fans. &gt;&gt; Okay, fair enough. How about unbeaten at the time Lerone Murphy, who had 10 straight wins in the UFC, had a huge KO finish of Aaron Pico, and was ranked number four at the time? Anybody but somebody Volk just beat 9 months ago, you know? This felt like the UFC needing to fill a date for Paramount on an Aussie card, and this was the easiest option. Volk would win again, this time only losing a single round on two judges' cards. Number six, all talk. The middleweight division was a circus in 2024. Izzy had been heading towards Anderson Silva status, got stopped by Poatan, gets the gold back with imaginary arrows, then goes and loses the title to Sean Strickland in a fight that not a single soul thought would go the way it did. Adesanya got completely dominated, and then Strickland coughed the title up to DDP in his first defense. Now, it was a banger of a fight, and it was close. Everybody was split on who got the victory, but that's mixed martial arts. That's close fights. If we ran back every fight that was close, we'd have 5200 rematches a year. So, the fight went down how it does, and sets up Plessis versus Izzy finally after their long-standing beef with DDP retaining. Meanwhile, Sean Strickland was paired with Paulo Costa and promised something special. We're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bleed for you guys. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; I appreciate you guys. I'M GOING TO SACRIFICE SOME [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] BRAIN CELLS FOR YOU GUYS. For America. The fight would end up being a boring slog for America, but one that Sean got the split decision on. That was two losses in a row for Costa. He'd lost four of his last five. And then somehow out of the scenario, we got Strickland-DDP 2. I mean, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It truly makes no sense, especially since it was clearly Khamzat next in line. Like, it wasn't even a question, but okay, we can't book it for this reason or that, he gets sick a lot, he can't come to the US. I guess we'll give Strickland a second title fight off a lackluster win against one and four in his last five, Paulo Costa. And then, of course, the rematch ended up sucking beyond suckage. Just the most boring fight imaginable, and hey, look, Sean's in a fourth title fight in six bouts. Chimaev laid an egg beating DDP. Maybe he and Sean will surpass Severn versus Shamrock for the most boring fight in history. Number five, sour Skittles. [music] When Sugar Sean O'Malley very impressively took the bantamweight title from Aljamain Sterling, there was only one match-up to make, and that was, of course, number six Chito Vera coming off his one-fight win streak over number 10 Pedro Munhoz. I'm just kidding, that's stupid and a stupid thing that would be done. It should have been number two Merab Dvalishvili coming off his 10-fight win streak over number three and former champion Henry Cejudo, because, you know, that's what makes sense. But that's not what the UFC did, and it wasn't a scheduling problem. It wasn't a late replacement bout. They'll never say it, but I'll tell you exactly what it was. The UFC wanted to maximize what they thought would be a short reign by O'Malley. They'd spent all this time and money building him up to just have him dog-walked by Merab right out of the gate? Nah. But a revenge bout, one of the great MMA narratives, against the guy he could absolutely beat in Vera? Now we're cooking. Their first encounter famously went bad when O'Malley got hurt, very likely because of the kicks from Vera, and then got TKO'd. That's how fights work sometimes. But Sean has always refused to call it a loss. If Chito wins you this Saturday, would you recognize the 2-0? The syrup? 2-0? Oh, 2-0. No, if you were to beat me, you would have beat me once. Simple. The narrative served its purpose, and the UFC made this pointless rematch. They even gave Sean a performance bonus even though the bout went to a decision because it was such a decision. It was very decided. Number four, sugar coma. Oh, look at Sean O'Malley getting another rematch that didn't need to happen in the very next entry. Leave him alone, poor guy. Yeah, so after Sukurath Sean made Chito taste the rainbow, the UFC was kind of without an option but to have him face Merab, who very clearly deserved his opportunity. But at least they could make it the headliner of the most expensive event in the UFC history, at least at that time. Soon it'll be Trump's birthday card. Good thing there was a spectacle outside the fights themselves because neither main event really delivered. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the Sphere. Sean had a few good moments, he definitely won the last round, but otherwise, it was a stellar and clear-cut victory for Merab. And to me, it absolutely felt like if they paired up again, we'd see the same or a similar outcome. Next up, the machine would have an awesome fight and an incredible performance in a UD victory over Umar Nurmagomedov, and then the UFC just ran back O'Malley. Who had Sean defeated in the meantime? Nobody. He hadn't fought again in almost a year. Even though he was a single-defense champion, beat soundly, he got an immediate rematch. What's that called again? &gt;&gt; Last time I asked you about Dana White privilege, do you think that concept still plays a role in how fighters get opportunities in the UFC. Um Now, were there many great options at the time? Not really. It probably could have gone to Petr Yan, which it eventually did, but still, giving Sean a second chance for no reason back-to-back just felt like the laziest booking. O'Malley would get subbed in the third round. Number three, nostalgia bait. One of the most anticipated matchups of UFC 100 was Michael Bisping versus Dan Henderson. They'd coached a season of tough against each other, the bout was a title eliminator, and frankly at that point fans really wanted to see the count shut up hard, and boy did Danno deliver on that. His iconic KO of Bisping is still an all-time highlight reel moment, and one that largely defined Mike's career until he finally found himself with UFC gold. A completely unexpected outcome, of course. And so the stars just perfectly aligned for one massively [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rematch. With Mike having won the title and Henderson in a bout he was considering retiring after having brutally KO'd Hector Lombard on the same card, and with the UFC heading to Manchester, the promotion completely bypassed obvious title contenders Yoel Romero and Robert Whittaker, or even a rematch with Brad Riddell. &gt;&gt; There's a storyline there. Of course, there's some other idiots that claim to be in front of him, but that's history. &gt;&gt; Some idiots, as in 12 of them. Hendo wasn't even ranked in the top 10, but the nostalgia rush of Bisping versus Hendo 2 was too strong, and the UFC didn't care at all about it making sense. Now, the fight did turn out to be pretty cool, to be fair, but it doesn't matter. It never should have happened, regardless of it being an interesting fight. Bisping would get the victory on the cards in a fight that nobody asked for. Number two, pointless vengeance. This one was classic carny MMA booking. Frank Shamrock had very well established himself by 1998. He'd been the interim Pancrase Open Weight champ, and he was the reigning defending UFC Light Heavyweight champion with two defenses under his belt. Two of his title fights had ended in under 30 seconds. Now, Dark Ages UFC was scraping the bottom of the barrel for talent, and so they leaned hard into a narrative that just keeps working in mixed martial arts, as we talked about earlier with O'Malley and Vera, the revenge bout. Booked as the only man to have defeated Frank Shamrock in his entire career, even though he'd lost plenty in Pancrase, was John Lober, Frank's first ever opponent in the US. Shamrock's reason for the loss, he didn't like hurting people yet. &gt;&gt; I could have broken his arm, I could have broken his leg, I could have broken his shoulder, and I hadn't experienced that yet, and I also wasn't ready to break someone's arm or break someone's leg. So, the rematch, this time for UFC Gold, was booked. Oh, did I mention that Lober hadn't won a single fight since beating Shamrock? Yeah, he'd lost five of his next six and went to a draw with Osami Shibuya. This was a fight that nobody needed, booked on the premise that Lober was some boogeyman from Shamrock's past, there to end his current reign. Frank forced John to tap to strikes about eight minutes in. Number one, no hitter. The rematch between Nick Diaz and Robbie Lawler was such a bad idea that even Nick didn't really seem to understand why it was taking place. &gt;&gt; This is This doesn't make sense to me to go in there and fight Robbie Lawler again. I don't know why this why [music] I'm doing this. I don't know why I'm doing this. This should not happen. Diaz hadn't been in the cage for nearly seven years. Seven years. His last victory nearly two years earlier than that. Now, if you were going to book a Diaz return bout, Robbie specifically wasn't a horrible idea at that point, especially because Nick wanted Kamaru Usman. The pair had met near the start of their MMA journeys almost 20 years prior, with Diaz scoring a KO victory. And in 2023, Robbie had lost four in a row going back three years, so it wasn't like he was in his prime. But 38-year-old Nick Diaz, after a seven-year layoff, probably just shouldn't be fighting, period. And for as bad as things have been going for Robbie, he was still dangerous enough for this to get really bad, really fast. Surprisingly, both guys threw some insane volume. 526 total strikes going into the third, but most of that was missing, and none of it was doing substantial damage, luckily. Early in the third, Nick just kind of said he was done and had enough, and the fight was stopped before it could get truly bad. Robbie was all class afterwards. But yeah, this thing never should have happened. But what should happen all the time is showing love to the editor of this video, Luke Taylor. Please follow his socials, check out his YouTube channel, and recommend some books for him to read this summer. Channel members, thank you so much for your support. We appreciate you dearly. Fight fans, hit the join button, become a member, get exclusive content, you know you want it. Like and subscribe, because we always got something new for you. Comment about how much these pointless rematches pissed you off as well, and thank you kindly for watching. Have a great [music] day.