Kind: captions Language: en They say rules are meant to be broken. If you're not cheating, you're not trying. But what happens if your solution to those rule breaks has the opposite effect? You've created a time paradox. And one of the best examples of this is called the Stryand effect. If you've never heard about it, it's basically when a photographer was documenting the coastal erosion alongside the coastlines of California. Well, this meant he was going to be taking photos all along the well coast of California. Barbara Strean's mansion was in one of those photos because yeah, it was along the coast. So, she sued for $50 million citing privacy concerns. I like simplicity and monochromatic frames. And what's interesting is to this point the photo had been seen only a total of six times with two of them supposedly being from her own lawyers. you know, was being downloaded from the internet. You can track that sort of thing. And guess what? Not only did she lose the lawsuit, but had to pay hundreds of thousands in legal fees. And of course, that $50 million lawsuit naturally attracted a ton of attention. And it went from six viewers all the way to tens of millions. That, ladies and gentlemen, is called the Striand Effect. So, consider that a metaphor for today's video. I'm Jason from MMA on Point and these are the top 10 times MMA regulations had the exact opposite effect. So, let's start with number 10. No punching. So, let's start off with a fun one. If you look at Chuck Liddell's record, he officially fought MMA the first time directly inside the UFC. They were okay with him debuting in such a new sport, as many did back in those days. And while it turns out there is a fight before that first UFC fight officially on his record that happened in Las Vegas. This being the dark ages of the sport and so much pressure being put on it, MMA was not sanctioned by the Nevada State Athletic Commission, which means if you wanted to fight there, you had to modify the rules so it wasn't outright illegal. Either way, one of the ideas to prevent any of these issues was the concept that well, punching was too violent. No holds barred as it was called back then or NHB was simply too brutal to let go on the way the UFC was promoting it. So this was a compromise. The barbaric way of their fighting trying to uh to knee drop on a guy's face or trying to uh to to really maim somebody uh offends most of the uh people that I've certainly talked to in our state. Oh, here's a quote from Ron Kosakowski who would go on to fight Chuck Liddell in this mysteriously lost fight who breaks it all down. quote, "Don't forget back then they were actually fighting the laws of ethics to keep NHB out there. So in Las Vegas the rules were you could only slap the face. No direct shots, no punching, palming, elbows, nothing." End quote. So the two agreed and this was the result. [Applause] Now I ask you, is this what they had in mind? A headkick is far more devastating than the vast majority of punches or palm strikes, anything else you can think of. And this demonstrates how ironic it was to ban punches, but not head kicks. By the way, this fight has somehow been shared around as Steve Heath rather than Ron Kosakowski, but this is not Steve Heath. The guy in the video was Ron Kosakowski. Moving on to number nine, all finishes. If you take a journey into the past and look at all the early UFC events, you might start to notice something a little interesting. Literally every fight had a finish and they happened surprisingly quickly. No fight even went past 5 minutes at UFC 1. And by UFC 4, the longest fight ever was 15 minutes and 49 seconds. That was when Hoist Gracie memorably tapped out Dan Severn after a really long ground struggle. Well, at UFC 5, they infamously tried something new, a super fight. They'd been trying to get a rematch between Hoist and Ken, but they kept having injuries and all sorts of things that were sabotaging their rematch from happening organically in their tournament brackets. And so, the super fight was booked to get the two together, and they decided to set a 30inut time limit on the match. After all, literally every fight had been finished under 16 minutes, so maybe this would force some action. The reality is though, it just gave both fighters a finish line to aim at. Ken was happy to avoid submissions inside of Hoist's guard and it went unsatisfyingly to the first draw ever and the crowd does not like it at all. But the next tournament at UFC 6, every fight had a finished so all seemed to be right back on track. Well, at UFC 7, Ken Shamrock was back for that ill- fated superfight championship belt. And guess what? Another draw with Oleg Takarov. So, sure enough, at UFC 7.5 or UFC Ultimate Ultimate 1995, which literally stands for Ultimate Fighting Championship Ultimate Ultimate 1995, don't ask me how you could possibly come up with a worse name than that, but they began instituting a time limit with just one 3minute overtime. The last three fights on that card all went to decisions, the first decisions in UFC history, by the way. And yeah, it's kind of obvious. Why kill yourself going for a finish if you can just ride it out to a decision? So yeah, basically trying to force action with time limits had the opposite effect. And there's no coincidence it was the last fights of the night. Number eight, early weigh-ins. Those of you who have been longtime MMA fans may remember how the evening weigh-ins that still happen in front of a live crowd actually used to be the real weigh-ins since June of 2016 at UFC 199. That has since been changed to morning weigh-ins. I love that. Is that what they're doing for this fight? Mhm. You'll have the option starting at 10:00 a.m. to do that. We have the option. Oh, and then they're going to do a lateral announce bulked up, right? Yeah, I like that. This was of course done in the name of safety. Fighters obviously cut weight to try and be as big as possible on fight night so they can have a strength and size advantage over their opponent with a few major downsides, including death. This has never happened in the UFC, but it has happened outside of it, and that was just from the weight cut itself. But also there are many effects on the fight and one of those issues certainly leads to more concussions. Less water in the body means less water in the brain and that means a KO shot to your brain reverberating in a dry skull can lead to bigger issues with CTE as well. So this was a sensible solution to solve that. Without a doubt it is safer on that regard. But there is one problem that the data has borne out that was an unintended consequence. It went so far as to Dana White saying this. We, believe me, we've studied it. The numbers don't lie. We've talked to fighters. A ton of fighters want to go back to 4:00. The numbers don't lie. The percentages are way off. I know a lot of fighters and and most of them are not morning people. They sleep all day and they're usually up late at night cutting weight and then they go to bed and they can't sleep much. It just it just isn't working. No matter what this there there's no debate about this. There's no debate. We're going to 4:00. And for this one, let me just refer you to an old video which broke down the numbers. Shout out to Mike Bond for putting out an article discussing this on MMA junkucky.com. I highly recommend it. It involves comparing the two previous years from now to 2016 with the new weight cut system versus the two years before that with the old weight cut system from 2014 to 2016. So with the old system, we saw 950 fights in 83 events with 82 events and 962 fights on the new system. So effectively, we've got an applesto apples comparison here. Of those fights, 32 missed weight in the years prior to the new system, and it's jumped up to nearly double now with 62 fighters since this new system has been in place. Furthermore, there's much more alarming data about who's winning as a result. What's really interesting to look at is the win- loss ratio. Either way, I got a 41.4% win ratio. So, most of the time, a fighter who missed weight lost. Conversely, with a new system, there have been 27 people that won and 20 who lost. Jesus, I sound so young there. This is like 7 years old. Anyhow, despite having nearly double the amount of weight misses with early weigh-ins, it turns out that Dana's campaign to return to 4:00 or evening weigh-ins did not work. Turns out the fighters really like it almost unanimously. So, it's not going back anytime soon. He's going to punish all the fighters that have been making weight and then reward the fighters that have not been making weight. That's how I feel about that situation. I don't really think that it's it makes that much sense to do this so late in the day cuz that's less time for recovery and what we're really trying to do is be ready for the fight. Yeah, please keep the morning weighins. I hope it doesn't go back to the old weigh-ins. Number seven, hydration test. I just got done talking about how the UFC instituted earlier weigh-ins to give more fighters more time to rehydrate before a fight and hopefully prevent serious injuries. But I also mentioned how a fighter died as a result of a weigh- in outside of the UFC. Well, that fighter's name was Yon Jang Bing, and he fought for one championship at the time. So, one decided to put an end to weight cutting once and for all by instituting something called hydration tests. Makes sense, right? If you can just somehow test how much water is in somebody's system, then yeah, that's perfect. The solution to weight cutting. Not so fast. I made a big expose on this. And although this all sounds great, it doesn't work really at all. First off, hydration tests were developed for hospital patients in a stable and carefully controlled environment. The exact opposite of what a weight cut is doing. In fact, just for the average person walking on the street, it's considered pretty inaccurate. So, I spoke to a doctor, his name is Oliver Barley about this, and he quickly revealed how easy it was to cheat these tests. Tricking the test. Super easy. So, basically, let's start urine. So your body actually doesn't have a direct way to measure all the fluid in your body. What it does is it goes off concentration of key solutes and let's just say electrolytes. When you sweat, you sweat out fluid and electrolytes. As you sweat out fluid and electrolytes, your blood becomes more concentrated. So a greater amount of electrolytes per unit of blood. Now, as that concentration goes up, your kidneys go, we're dehydrated. Let's start conserving fluid. Happy days. And then the urine becomes more concentrated and you're testing that urine. Now, the thing is if when you rehydrate, if you rehydrate with distilled water to make it even even less things inside it, you put the fluid back in but not the electrolytes. So then the concentration of your blood really plummets and the kidneys actually think you're overhydrated and they start emptying urine out and the fluid come and the urine comes out clear. So you could take advantage of that in two ways with a urine test and then they re let's use an example and just say 600 g and then they would drink 600 ml of distilled water. If you've just peed before the water will then your kidneys go oh look we're actually overhydrated. It will then filter out more clear urine and you'll pass the test. Simply overcut just a bit, then drink pure water. And this makes the outcome way less healthy because doing this can lead to something called water toxicity, which also can literally mean death. I'm not doing this to be able to say, "Hey, this is what people should do." No, this is what people are doing. And there's a big difference between the two. And to be honest, necking that water before and when I take a bit of the water mid next round, that that increases my chances of something going wrong. I'm messing with my electrolyte levels and I'm at risk of hyponetriia. Like it's a serious problem, but ultimately this is what people are doing. People often try to throw out simple solutions to this, like why don't you just do the weight cut the day of the fight? But fighters will still cut weight and they even used to do it in MMA. Pat Militic has a crazy story about this. I had a weight cut where it was in New Jersey. The weigh-ins were the day of the fight. Which fight was this? Shy Carter. I had a new gym, building a brand new house, had a brand new baby, and I had to win the fight to have enough money for the down payment on the house. So, I'm cutting weight and I've been so busy that I wasn't paying enough attention to my weight and I was struggling. So, I did that all night and then I made weight and then I went back to my hotel room and I started cramping. Everything cramped. I had to tie my wrestling shoes on as tight as I could possibly tie them so my feet wouldn't bend like this. And I knew I had to fight that night. So, I called up Monty Cox in his room and I go, "You got to get somebody to take me to the hospital to get IVs or this shit's not happening." So, they gave me three lers of saline, revived me enough. Think of like a 2 L Pepsi. That was three of those. Another one. It is actually unbelievable the amount of comments that we had from people on the hydration video who thought day of weigh-ins would mean people would just all of a sudden stop weight cutting. Like no, that's not how that works. And this is a perfect example. Day of weigh-ins are a terrible idea. Oh, and less than 2 weeks after Yanjang Bing's death was when one instituted this testing plan. It's definitely a bad idea and needs to go away. I've made a massive video on this that I highly recommend if you're at all interested. Number six, got to have permission. Two of the things that I think fans probably wish were legal more than anything else, especially Ryzen or Pride fans, is well, knees on the ground and soccer kicks to the head of a grounded opponent. And one of the things I've enjoyed about One Championship is they actually do stand out from the UFC's list of other competitors with a different rule set. And considering they're outside of the United States for the majority of their events, well, they've been able to institute these rules as they please. They don't have to go through any legal entity to do it. And the reason for banning soccer kicks under safety concerns is pretty obvious, which one no longer does allow for, although they do still allow grounded knees. But yeah, at one point they had an extremely bizarre rule to try and regulate soccer kicks in a safer manner. You could do them, but the ref has to tell you you can first. What? Bad idea. Bad idea. Jeans. This is one of the most obvious rules to Backfire versus almost anything else I'll talk about today. Memorably for Tim Sylvia versus Andre Arloski 4. Yeah, they actually did put on this fight back in 2012. What's What's your opinion of Tim Silva? What do you think of Tim Silva? Uh, he's a dick face. Anyhow, that rule was in effect for this fight and this is what happens. Oh, that was a good Oh, that's better punch. And down goes Silia. Here comes the linkage and in comes. So yeah, Arloski won, right? No, he didn't wait for the ref to give him permission. Uh-oh. Wait a minute. What's going on? I don't think that he said it was okay to do an open attack due to an illegal kick to the head of Tim Sier. This fight has been ruled a no contest. Literally nothing about this rule made sense. Either way, it was meant to make the soccer kick safer, but all it did was just expose how dumb the rule was. And yeah, the soccer kick happened anyway. Number five, we still have no idea how to score wrestling. One thing that always stood out to me shortly after the disillusion of Pride and a lot of its stars coming over, was when Lil Nog took on Ryan Bader in 2010, just a couple of years after Pride merged into the UFC. It's definitely not a fight worth watching back, but Vader being Vader, he went to his typical game plan and took down Little Nog over and over in the fight. There were some decent ground and pound moments, especially in round one, but there really wasn't much else Vader could get going the entirety of the rest of the fight. Only a couple fleeting takedowns here and there in rounds two and three. Right back to his feet. He took him down, but for a second. Meanwhile, Noggera was dominating the striking. You know, the whole damage part of fighting. Pretty easy decision for Noggera, right? wrong. Vader got the win. Even for the time, that was a ludicrous decision. But Vader was given the win solely based on those one or two 10-second takedowns in the last two rounds of the fight. It led to this translated quote from Little Nog. The way I see it, I won the second and third rounds, and Ryan Bader won the first. When it comes to scoring, who did more damage than the opponent? It was me. Actually, the UFC is different from Pride. They worship a lot of the takedowns. [Music] And what it feels like to me is an overreaction from some of those really infamous fights like Routten versus Randleman where Randleman lost despite controlling the entire fight on the ground. Rulemakers wanted the takedowns to mean more than they did in fights like that. And don't get me wrong, I actually don't necessarily agree with that, but there definitely was an outcry at the time to give wrestling a little bit more weight in the rules. So, finally, fast forward to present day, and this rule has long been changed around to favor damage much more, which means Lil Nog definitely would have won this fight if it was under the current system. But I personally do commentary for a UK promotion called FCC and Liverpool where they had an amateur title fight with Tamas Yaka versus Brennan Gate who fought for the amateur bantamweight title. And the truth is, basically nothing happened for the majority of the fight and Gate just got controlled for almost all of it. So the judges scored the fight for Gate who was on bottom. Ren Gate, it's really hard to argue with all the control time that Jack had accumulated and the ground pound as well. Are we really saying that wrestling and grappling matters that little like they were we're going too far the other way. That's crazy. He had a few little pitterpatter shots, one or two submission attempts, but that started to fade in the later rounds and that was about it. the finish. That was a left hand as well. Yakob landed on the way down. And this is exactly what I mean. We still don't know how to score wrestling cuz this is just going the exact opposite route. And I don't actually fault the judges for scoring it for Gate. I don't fault Gate either. I think Gate followed the rules to win. The judges and Gate were actually following the criteria as it's written. You can't blame either of them. Honestly, the only person I really fault here is the ref for not having more standups. I don't know why you leave it on the ground when there's nothing happening for that long. And my point is with both of these examples is it feels like being in a car where the driver keeps turning the air conditioning either all the way up or all the way down. There's obviously a middle ground that feels like more comfortable air inside the car. And that's what's happening in MMA. It's either literally worth everything like Little Nog versus Bader or now being worth absolutely nothing is just two sides of the same extremes. Let's just think a little bit more about how we want scoring criteria to be. You shouldn't be able to win by doing nothing, whether it's on the top or it's on the bottom. Number four, regulating the juice. Believe it or not, some of the most egregious cheating in MMA has come off the backs of some of the most well-intentioned ideas. In the case of Vtor Belelffort, he took full advantage of that goodwill. Basically, for a few years inside of the sport, something called TRT or testosterone replacement therapy was a legal remedy that was being supplied to fighters who actually had low levels of testosterone. It's really easy to get for somebody outside of the sport these days, and many are well aware of it. But yeah, the rationale here makes sense, especially when you had guys like Bigfoot Silva who notably had acromegaly and a well-known issue that comes along with it is low testosterone. So, there were athletes that actually needed TRT and it was meant to help them level the playing field just a bit. The problem with that all well though is if you abuse steroids, it can shut down your body's own ability to produce testosterone. And so, going into a clinic, which is what Vtor Belffor did, and he obviously abused the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of that. Is he the only one? Absolutely not. But he's the most obvious one whose physique wildly changed before and after using it, which of course led to horrible outcomes for some of his opponents. Uh Veto, when I fought him, he looked like a cross between a powerlifting champion and the Incredible Hulk. I have no respect for that guy whatsoever. I think he's a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is what I think. Number three, protect the head. I'm sure you guys have seen how the early UFC's didn't actually use gloves and people were condemning it as barbaric back then and how it was unsafe to fight with unprotected hands. If we can't ban it, we're certainly going to put in place the most stringent regulations possible. Well, it definitely is true as we see in bare knuckle events that it makes things a bit more well gory to be quite honest with you. Believe it or not, most of what you are seeing is superficial stuff. It definitely means more scars, more blood, but it definitely does not mean more long-term health risks, like let's say brain damage. And why would that be? Don't gloves cushion a blow? To a certain extent, they do. Absolutely. But they aren't protecting what you think they're protecting. They're protecting hands so that fights can go longer and you have more of a likelihood of a knockdown. One of the old founders, the old SCG partnered UFC, Campbell McLaren, has one of my favorite quotes about this subject matter. If hands were stronger than heads, humans would have wiped themselves out many, many, many thousands of years ago. A boxing glove is not made to protect your face. It's made to protect a fighter's hand. What politicians focused on was what looked like a breakdown of the rules that they had known from boxing. And then we would explain, well, actually, gloves make it more dangerous, but they couldn't, they weren't listening to that. And so, your first thought might well be, this is just a handme-down rule from boxing, not really a regulation that's exclusive to MMA. You're absolutely right about that. But the difference here is in the no rules era, politicians like John McCain asserted that gloves were absolutely necessary to regulate MMA for the safety of fighters. 36 states have already outlawed them. It won't be long before all 50 do. I would like to see it uh acceptable to those commissions, those athletic commissions that are appointed. It's very violent boxing. We have regulations. They wear gloves. a glove. Glove is an interesting point because if you want to protect a man's head, you put a helmet on him. If you want to protect a man's hand, you put a glove on the hand. This was a regulation pushed upon MMA in its early days. And don't get me wrong, I definitely like gloves. I get the point. I selfishly do prefer a fight to continue on longer and having more fun exchanges where the first punch the head doesn't immediately break their hand. That can still happen with gloves, don't get me wrong, but it's way more likely without them. And many of you will disagree with me on that. But for those that do like it, like myself, the truth is it does lead to more serious brain injury down the line because you can simply hit the head more often. Number two, getting fouled means you lose. Man, this is a super niche one. It dates back to the early days of legalization, and it's no better epitomized than one single fight. And it was centered around what was a very good intention. You don't want people throwing fouls, but accidents do happen, namely with groin shots. I think straight to the I'm sorry to laugh, but yeah, I'm pretty sure that landed perfectly there. Um, it was just Oh my god. Oh my. That might have to also be a highlight and I'll cut to the jump. Either way, accidents happen and you want to outlaw fouls like this, but hopefully not over penalize what is a real genuine mistake. The solution, if it's unintentional, there simply is no penalty. At least not for the first infraction. Very similar to what we see today in most fouls. But there is a small twist with this one. Watch this. Wait right here. Trig smashed. Yeah, it's not intentional, but you know, those things happen. Yeah, that's a pretty bad kick, but it is just the worst timing. Clearly unintentional. But check out what happens next. That was not intentional. I'm giving it time. I'm getting the time to recover. That was not intentional shot. You threw a high kick, you threw it back. If you don't make a decision in the next 40 seconds, my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ball. If I were you, I'd stand up and kind of bounce a little. If you don't get on your feet within 10, I'm ending it up now. I got to stop it. Let's go. Come on. I'm ending it. I got to end it. Okay. Winner of my abandonment. Quick free. Okay. Yeah, this is insane. If you cannot continue even though it's from a foul because it's ruled unintentional. Well, yeah, like Dennis Hullman, you actually lose somehow. This might be one of the least thought out rules I've ever seen. I get not wanting to punish an unintentional foul, but that wasn't Dennis Hullman's responsibility. He was the one that got kicked. Just call the no contest or do what sometimes happens by having the judges score the fight up until the foul occurred. But that's the problem. If you want to make a foul look questionable enough, yeah, you could probably win that way, too, under this rule set where the person doing the foul can win. Basically, a loophole for cheating. Either way, one of the most ridiculous rules to ever exist. And it's no wonder why this one didn't last. That is so lame. I know. It's the lamest thing I've ever heard of. And so, finally, number one, just missing the obvious, man. I've talked about this one in several videos, but it's always going to be number one anytime it enters into the discussion because it's just so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. So, what is so bad about this one then? Well, imagine you've just seen egregious levels of cheating in 4K slow motion right in front of your face, but you can't do anything about it. Well, that's exactly what happened when Ed Herman infamously took on Mike Rodriguez. Ed Herman was basically getting battered alongside the cage when a low blow landed. Pretty similar to the Dennis Hullman example. It looked to be unintentional, so no big deal. Give Herman some time to get his bearings back and we'll jump right back into the fight. Well, at least that's what you thought until you saw the replay. Ed Herman, you're my guy. I love you. Tough three in the house. But hey, listen. You got to do what you got to do. That was nowhere close. Okay. Yeah, this is a full-on flop. He basically just crumpled to a body shot and claimed it was a ball shot. This fight should be over right then and there. But the problem is at the time in Nevada, the rule was you could not review the replay unless it was fight ending. And that should be fine, right? Ed Herman just got stopped, so this should be the end of the fight, right? No, because this rule gave the referee so little latitude that the moment he looked up at that replay and imagine it was a genuine lowb blow. He would actually have to stop the fight if it was a real lowb blow. That would be a horrible way to end the fight. So, ironically, this rule basically just let a guy flop on national television with a referee too afraid to actually just look up at the screen. My personal opinion, if I were the one refing the fight, I'd be willing to get fired over making a call like that. Maybe just glance up. People were telling him it was not a low blow. I He should have just done it, frankly. So, yeah, Ed Herman was allowed to get his second win back and rest up from a fight. He basically just lost and wouldn't you know it, ended up subbing a clearly frustrated and tired Mike Rodriguez. Obviously, this rule ended up being amended to fix what this fight exposed. It's just mind-numbing levels of stupid that a guy who milked a fake foul got the win. If her rules are in large part meant to prevent cheating, but instead end up allowing it, yeah, that's a massive fail. All you got to do is look at the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] replay that's playing 6,000 times while while Herman's on the ground. on sale. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I made a mistake.