Kind: captions Language: en Five whole years ago, I talked about 10 fights that flat out embarrassed the UFC. And so, I thought, you know what? We could do another one of these. A lot of embarrassing things have happened since 2020. Hell, a lot of embarrassing things from the past we didn't get to go through the first time around. So, let's wallow in some bouts the UFC truly wishes they could take back. &gt;&gt; I was horrified. I was disgusted. Super duper, really, super bad. I'm done with it. I'm done. Don't make me leave. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 more fights that embarrassed the UFC. Number 10, shorts. Let's start with by far the silliest entry on this list. The night Dennis Hullman decided to wear a Speedo into the cage for his fight with Brian Eversaw. &gt;&gt; What an unfortunate choice in shorts. [laughter] I guess he's actually going to fight like that. Whatever. After hamming up his stretches in the speedo, Halman proceeded to get finished in the first round. Hilarious. Awkward. I'll let you be the judge. But there was one person who absolutely was not amused by it. And that was a gray suited Dana White. &gt;&gt; I was horrified. I was disgusted. I don't know, man. It was It was as bad as bag can get. Nobody will ever ever fight in something like that again in the UFC. That I guarantee you. For the first time ever, I'm giving out a [snorts] thanks for getting those horrifying shorts off TV as soon as possible bonus. Brian Eversaw get $70,000, too. &gt;&gt; Dana told print media that he'd never been more embarrassed being in the UFC as a result of the tiny blue fight gear. to which I would reply, "Never been more embarrassed yet." Plenty of embarrassment lied ahead, I assure you. Number nine, Greg takes a breather. It is shocking how badly the UFC handled Greg Hardy's entire existence in their promotion. A massively controversial figure already from the NFL after his DB incident. The UFC caught backlash right out of the gate with his debut by placing him on a card with Rachel Ostvich, who had recently been assaulted. &gt;&gt; I [music] found this decision to be incredibly tonedeaf, to put it mildly. I didn't think it was fair to Rachel Ostvich. If you guys want to keep bringing this up and making it an issue, you can. And I get it. It probably gets hits. I'm done with it. I'm done with it. I'm done with it. I'm done with it. I'm done. Don't make me leave. &gt;&gt; Hardy would lose his debut via an illegal knee. And afterwards, Dana was glowing for some reason. &gt;&gt; One thing that I did learn about Hardy tonight, he can fight. He can fight. He's an athlete and uh he learned a lot tonight. So, &gt;&gt; sure. I guess that could be your takeaway from that. But this walking embarrassment machine wasn't done because three fights later, he'd infamously use his inhaler between rounds and get his victory overturned. &gt;&gt; I don't even know what to say. They they got to know you can't use an inhaler in the corner. They should know that. Shouldn't even be a question. You can drink water. Four losses later, the hearty experiment was thankfully complete. Number eight, tanking Abbott. In 2003, the UFC was in the most fragile of states. The Fertitas had just purchased the promotion two years previous. The tough boom had not yet hit. They were just burning through millions trying to make this thing work and most importantly present the UFC as a mainstream product. This wasn't no rules, somebody might die. This was a sport. That's how the UFC was hoping to present it in 2003 when regulators and potential partners were still very much not convinced. So with that background in mind, you get a better sense as to why the post-fight brawl between Tank Abbott and Wes Cabbage was a potential disaster. Oh, this is just stupid. We don't need this. THIS [cheering] IS STUPID. BOTH fighters were of the barb brawling variety, so on paper, a good time was to be had. This wasn't going to be a technical masterpiece. It was two big dudes beating the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of each other. But unfortunately, a nasty cut opened up early on tank and would cause the fight to be stopped by the doctor when it was just starting to get good. The TKO victory sent Cabbage into his signature dance, which rubbed Abbott's team the wrong way, and then a mini 229 erupted in the cage with Joe Rogan on commentary absolutely livid. This is why THE SPORT IS TRYING TO GAIN mainstream acceptance. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is the last stuff we need. &gt;&gt; Ultimately, the brawl wouldn't prevent the UFC from moving forward, but it would mark the end of Tank, who was cut from the promotion and would never return. Number seven, Hazardous Vtor. In the wake of the embarrassing disaster cancellation of UFC 151, the UFC very quickly booked Jon Jones against the first available warm body that he would agree to fight, and that would be middleweight Vtor Belelffort. The bout took place 3 weeks after the promotion's first ever cancelled event. And Belffort nearly finished Jones with an arm bar before getting subbed himself in THE FOURTH ROUND. &gt;&gt; IT'S ALL OVER. IT JONES REMAINS THE UFC LIGHT HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION. BUSINESS AS usual really until 2015 when this whole bout became a massive pie in the face for the UFC. The promotion's favorite journalist, Josh Gross, released a bombshell article for Dead Spin, chronicling an adverse test result that Belffort was flagged for prior to 152 that the UFC seemingly did nothing about. The only reason this result became public was that the UFC accidentally emailed the results to a bunch of people and then said, "If you tell anybody about this, we'll sue you. I'm not kidding." Now, the results weren't conclusive that Belffort was cheating. But boy, did Vtor not cheating age like cheese in the sauna. The gross article even had super clean fighter Jon Jones, who was estranged from the UFC at the time, calling out the promotion. &gt;&gt; Vtor Belelffort was on steroids when I fought him. The UFC was very well aware. They did nothing to to penalize him. They uh let the fight go on knowing that I was fighting a guy on steroids, which is a hazard to my life. &gt;&gt; Kind of funny now, in hindsight, given well, you know, yeah, this one was a healed program all around. Number six, Shell Game. The UFC's women's bantamweight division went from what looked to be an impossibility of even existing &gt;&gt; never &gt;&gt; to the vehicle that drove Ronda Rousey's mega stardom to the division that sewed the seeds of Amanda Nunez's future greatness. And it was those two women that would define the division almost entirely. And that fact would never be more apparent than when Nunez vacated her title and a new champion needed to be crowned. In June of 2023, Amanda retired and the belt would remain dormant for the rest of the year all the way through to January of 2024. So, plenty of time to come up with a huge fight and the matchup that was booked to carry 135's torch. What was the premier division with the most defining stars in WMA history for a good chunk of its existence was Raquel Pennington versus Myra Bueno Silva. Wow. Well, that's a bummer. Now, don't get me wrong, Rocky old school vet and she'd put together a sneaky fiveight win streak. Probably sneaky because it was over the course of four years. And as for Bueno Silva, well, she'd beat Holly Holm the previous summer, but it got overturned because of her ADHD medicine. So, I guess title shot, &gt;&gt; sure, why not? &gt;&gt; When you factor in as well how badly Pennington was beaten by Amanda Nunez in her title challenge previous, the fight just felt like, wow, this division is a wasteland now, which does happen when champions dominate so thoroughly. But this was one of the most obvious and egregious examples of the UFC allowing a division to turn to dust outside a single fighter. Number five, shady lines. You know what's more embarrassing than having a federally investigated betting scandal in your sports organization? Having two of them within just a few years of each other. Back in 2022, during a lowly Apex card, major suspicious cash started getting bet that Dererick Miner would lose in the first round, which is exactly what he did. Turns out Miner had an undisclosed knee injury going into the fight that apparently got pretty disclosed, just not to regulators. The fight fixing scandal ended up snaring in Men's coach, James Krauss, and some associates who, it should be noted, have never been charged with anything, but they did get suspended by Nevada and booted from the UFC. &gt;&gt; They're going to go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] federal prison. federal [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] prison. If you're that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid and somebody else wants to do it, knock yourself out. &gt;&gt; And someone did knock themselves out allegedly in late 2025 on another lowly Apex card, the same song and dance. Really, Isaac Dolgaren suddenly had a ton of money being bet on him losing in the first round, which he totally did. Federal investigators got involved and Dana has yet again been asked to comment on the whole thing. &gt;&gt; If you try to do this, we will be your worst enemy immediately. guns ablazing with the FBI and whoever else we need to get. We will do everything we can to make sure you go to prison. &gt;&gt; It should be noted that in this situation as well, nobody's been charged with anything, but yeah, just sport integrity destroying potential issues. No big deal. Number four, predatory practices. Francis Inganu was in an all-time stinker with Derrick Lewis, which was certainly embarrassing for the UFC, but I mean, bad fights happen. What was way worse was pretty much everything that led up to Inganu versus Gone being more about Inganu versus the UFC. Now, we could talk at length about this situation. In fact, I did when it happened. Go check it out if you want to. But the short of it was this. In Ganu becomes champ without renewing his contract. They want him to fight Derrick Lewis right away. He can't make the date. They immediately throw together an entrum title fight between Lewis and Sirill Gone. They bash and Ganu in the hype package before the event. And the whole thing culminates both the contract discourse and the final fight on Inganu's contract with his defense against now interim champion Gan with Francis going to ESPN to lay it all out on the table. Would you be willing to fight again under [music] that contract? It it extends for a year. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; So if you win on January and you do not get a new contract, you &gt;&gt; No, I will not fight for 5600,000 anymore. I mean, it's over. &gt;&gt; The contract dispute with the heavyweight champion of the world took center stage and highlighted the issues fighters were having with the promotion. Even more embarrassingly, Inganu would win and leave as champion essentially, then go make a stupid amount of money in boxing, the thing they wouldn't let him do on his contract. While the saga has taken more twists and turns recently, &gt;&gt; and he grabs me by my shirt. &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; And and like pushes me back in my office and I said, "Dude, get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands off me." &gt;&gt; There's no doubt in Ganugan was a pie in the face moment for the UFC. Number three, Intram goat. An interim champion should never have to defend their intram title. If so much time has passed that the interim champion needs to prove themselves again, then one of two things should happen. Either the actual champ needs to be stripped or you should build a time machine and never have made an interim title in the first place because that is exactly what the UFC did win Jon Jones Cody Rhodess to his pec right before the fight with Stipe that nobody wanted. But hey, that fight was supposed to headline in NYC. We got to sell those tickets. So here's Aspenol versus Pavlovich. Please buy our event. That's not even the embarrassing part. I mean, it is embarrassing, but the real embarrassing part is that Aspenol had to defend his pretend title 259 days later because the UFC refused to give up on the stupid fight with Stipe that nobody wanted. So, I should just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on Stipe because Jon got hurt and not make the fight that he was already supposed to fight. &gt;&gt; No, the Stipe fight never should have been booked in the first place. See, that's where the embarrassment all comes from, Dana. Luckily, everything's going super smooth at heavyweight now, though. So, thank God we got through that, huh? &gt;&gt; This is fine. I'm okay with the events that are unfolding currently. &gt;&gt; Number two, Heavy Olives. Whenever the UFC travels somewhere they don't often go, I swear we get some kind of fiasco. And one such occasion was Charles Olivera getting stripped of his title right before defending it against Justin Gachi for missing weight in Arizona on a scale that apparently was consistently off for every fighter that weighed in. &gt;&gt; I made weight in the UFC scale on Thursday night. Go up to my room. I went to bed. Wake up the following day. UFC scale. It's a It's a pound over. Other fighters started talking about it as well. &gt;&gt; It's a nightmare. I mean, it's a nightmare. We got to have a security guard in there where the scale is now. And you know, it's just it's something we're going to have to do. &gt;&gt; This stupid situation led to an even stupider one where Gachi would be fighting for the vacant title himself only. And if Olive won, the title would remain vacant even though he just won a title fight. Wasn't a title fight. So, we had a champion lose their title to a faulty scale, win the fight that should have been their defense, and then he had to go on as not the champion in his next bout for the vacant title against Islam Mahache. For God's sake, just use digital scales and let them test their weight on the scale they're going to officially weigh in on. How is this hard? Number one, Eagle Fly. It's funny looking back now. The brawl that ended UFC 229 is barely even a footnote anymore. In the moment, like the immediate moment, it felt like this landmark scandal in the sports history on what would be the UFC's biggest ever stage. At least initially, that embarrassment was there. &gt;&gt; Nothing like this has ever happened. The biggest night ever. And I couldn't be more disappointed. You know, you know me, I'm usually mad at everything, you know, but I'm not even mad. I'm I'm just really disappointed. &gt;&gt; But wow, the contrast between the consequences of that brawl and previous moments in the sports history is so stark. We already talked Tank and Cabbage. That was in 2003. The Diaz brawl after the Nashville Strikeforce card in 2010 pretty much scared CBS off MMA until well literally just starting again in 2026. And look at how the UFC handled Paul Daly throwing a single punch after that Josh Costchek fight. Banned for life and it actually stuck. So that's what makes the 229 Brawl such a great entry for this list. It greatly embarrassed the UFC initially. &gt;&gt; Is this a bad night for the UFC for the sport? It's &gt;&gt; a very bad night. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How bad? We're super duper [music] really super bad. I mean, the worst. &gt;&gt; The governor was here tonight. The governor went running out of the building. That's not good. &gt;&gt; But the thing is, something had happened. Society had shifted. MMA's place in it was different. And this brawl would mark a turning point for the UFC, just not one I think anybody imagined. From what seemed to be the most embarrassing moment in UFC history was born the realization that pretty much nothing mattered anymore and that they could do whatever they wanted and pretty much just let everything play out as it did with zero consequences. &gt;&gt; Yes. 229 was the death of embarrassment. And the birth of excellence is the editor of this video, Max Randall. Please follow him on his socials. Go check out his YouTube channel. Do it. Do it right now. A massive thank you to our channel members. That's all their names there. Great bunch of folks. Your support is incredible. Fight fans, hit the join button. Treat yourself this holiday. Get exclusive content videos before they come out. All that good stuff. Like and subscribe because I could do this all day, baby. Leave a comment about any more fights you thought were embarrassing for the UFC. And thank you kindly for watching. You enjoy your day now. &gt;&gt; [music]