Kind: captions Language: en If there was justice in this world, then the fights we talk about today wouldn't have stood because they absolutely unequivocally should have been turned into no contests. And not a single one of them did. These are insane. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point. And these are 10 fights that should have been overturned. Number 10, Detective Rogan. Just a fight into his UFC career, Eric Silva was a massively hot Brazilian prospect. He was 13-1. He'd won his debut bout in just 40 seconds. and he looked like the werewolf kid from Twilight. Everything was going great and in his second fight in the promotion, he would win even faster. Mario Yamasaki stepped in just 29 seconds into his bout with Carlo Prader. What a stud. But wait a tick, not so fast. Yamasaki said that the knockout was because of illegal strikes to the back of the head. This wasn't a TKO stoppage. This was a DQ loss for Silva. But when the replay showed that Eric's strikes were on the up and up, Joe Rogan absolutely lost his mind and did a full-on interrogation of Yamasaki live in the cage after THE FIGHT. &gt;&gt; THESE LOOK LIKE LEGAL SHOTS TO ME, MARIO. WHAT WAS IT ABOUT THIS THAT MADE YOU WANT TO MAKE THIS A DISQUALIFICATION? IT LOOKS FINE FOR ME. THAT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE THE BACK OF THE HEAD to me, man. &gt;&gt; Now, when the UFC would go to Brazil, they were their own regulators. So, this really came down to the UFC. But Mark Ratner, who was in charge of such things, was a former regulator himself at that time in Nevada. That type of call from a referee wasn't appealable, and so the ruling couldn't be challenged by Silva and just stood as a loss forever. He took it in stride, though. Here he is joking with Yamasaki some years later. Now, I don't speak the Portuguesea, but as best as I could find translated after Mario explains the rule, Silva jokes that, well, now he knows. Everybody was having a good time. Hard hands. Number nine, footsies. Yep. It was business as usual for 17 fight UFC veteran Jake Ellenburgger going into his fight with Jorge Mazvidal at the tough 24 finale &gt;&gt; is is one really, you know, you could you could uh sum up my my strategy in in just pressure. That's all it everywhere we're at. It's pressure. Like I said, there'll be no surprises on Saturday. &gt;&gt; Oh, was Jake ever wrong about there being no surprises? Late in the first round of an exciting fight, Ellenburgger went for a flying something and somehow managed to get his foot trapped between the canvas edge and the cage, giving gamebred unimpeded access to kicking his ass. Herb Dean in this moment actually made a great call, stopping the action. I mean, the dude's got his foot trapped, but here's where things got wonky. Herb leaves the cage, talks to other officials, says he wanted to just call a timeout, then comes in and says the fight is over. TKO win for Asvidol. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So now the cage can beat you? Well, Jake planned to appeal, but apparently never did. He probably should have. The same thing happened to Aaron Brink in a bout with Rich Franklin in California 15 years earlier, and it got turned into an NC. But as far as I could tell, like so many of these entries today, the fighter intended to appeal and then just never followed up for some reason. Number eight, TR cheating. The absolute loosiest, gooseiest era of the sport has to be when all the major commissions were allowing fighters to take TRT so long as they had a doctor's note. It was essentially sanctioned cheating and a ton of fighters took advantage. But here's the thing, you had to stay in normal testosterone ranges on fight night. Now, I don't have time to get into why that doesn't even remotely resolve this problem, but at least that very small safeguard was there, and it did trip up a few fighters. Bigfoot Silva had elevated testosterone when he got suspended and lost all kinds of cash after a bout with Mark Hunt, but that fight was a draw. Arguably, it should have been a no contest, but at least there was no winner. The same can't be said for poor Brandon Vera. He got knocked out by Ben Rothell, who was allowed to be on TRT and afterwards tested for elevated levels. Here's where things get wild. Wisconsin didn't even suspend him. The UFC did. Wisconsin gave him a warning. Rockwell claimed he did the process completely right, but Dana wasn't having it. &gt;&gt; You be as shocked as you want to be. Now you're sitting on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sidelines for 9 months. You know, uh, when you're a professional athlete, you better be, you know, this stuff is serious [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You better be, you better know what's going on with your own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] body and what's going in it and when it's going in it and how much of it's going in it. &gt;&gt; Barrett did not appeal because [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if Wisconsin's not going to suspend the guy, they're certainly not going to take his victory away. And that would be the last fight of Brandon's UFC run. He would never get another bout after two straight losses. Because of Vtor Belelffort's rampage through 185, TRT would be banned not even a year after Rothwell's victory. Number seven, crafty vet. By the time Ed Herman fought Mike Rodriguez in 2020, he'd been in the UFC since 2006 and had just about seen everything. More than enough to know that when you get a liver shot that buckles you so hard that you go down and the referee thinks it's a groin shot, you pretend your junk is hurt. Take three full minutes to recover. &gt;&gt; That was the one we just saw that halted the action and that was nowhere close. &gt;&gt; These to the midsection do hurt, you know. So, he's called it as a as a nutshot and and Ed's taking advantage. &gt;&gt; Herman would survive the round and then get the victory in the third via submission. Eddie, you slick some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Even more baffling though, nobody told the ref to utilize the replay, which he could in Nevada at that time. Despite all of this, despite this being clearly wrong and the state failing Rodriguez at every turn, this has somehow stood as a victory for Herman to this day as Insac denied the appeal. Luckily, the UFC knew the score. And all of a sudden, I look up. Dana White was standing right there and he was not happy. So, I thought I did something wrong. He was like, "Nah, you know that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's one of the worst things I've ever seen. You definitely won. You finished him in that second round. [music] Like you you took him out in that second round. So according to the UFC, I won. &gt;&gt; I guess at the end of the day, if DFW knows you won, who cares about the state? Number six, Chicago Fire. Jason has highlighted in the past how insane it was that Frank Trigg was able to earn a WFA championship over Dennis Hallman because he kicked him in the balls and he couldn't continue. &gt;&gt; This might be one of the least thought out rules I've ever seen. Basically a loophole for cheating. &gt;&gt; That was 2002 logic. The sport was still trying to work this whole if the fight ends in a foul thing out still. That is why Robert Watley's victory over Thiago Tvaris made our list because the same thing happened in their bout in 2018. Yeah, how absolutely absurd is that? So, it's the same song and dance we have seen before. Tvaris gets hit with a nasty cup shot and he can't continue. So, no contest, right? Not in the state of Illinois. Nope. Even in 2018, the rule stated clearly, "A fighter who is hit with a low blow must continue or he or she may lose the bout by technical knockout." Also, all groin shots in Illinois are unintentional, and the victory stands to this day. Tvaris was surprisingly chill about it, though, picking up the spirits of the guy who got a victory for kicking you in the nuts. Good guy, Thiago. Number five, Tupac. There's a lot of reasons to take steroids, and for athletes, the advantages are wildly apparent. But according to Tim Sylvia, his logic for taking them had absolutely nothing to do with any of that. &gt;&gt; After I beat Rico, I've always had a self-cons I wanted a six-pack abs. I never had a six-pack. I had Tupac. &gt;&gt; He was with Tupac. [laughter] &gt;&gt; And I talked to some guys in the gym and they're like, "Oh, you need to get on um get on this, get on that." And &gt;&gt; be fair to Big Tim, he did look his best on the juice. There's no denying it. It's just that unfortunately it would also see him lose his heavyweight title after a first round knockout victory in its defense against Gan McGee. Sylvia had defeated Rico Rodriguez for the strap earlier that year and according to him got on the gear to look good, but quit well before the McGee fight, not realizing that the stuff would linger in his system well after. He also claims that he wasn't stripped. The UFC told him he was getting stripped, so he chose to vacate. Sort of a Nixon type deal. He didn't kick me out. I'm leaving. Despite the disgracing though and the loss of his title, the victory was never overturned and sits on poor Gan's record to this day. Number four, Sharkbait. Shawn Sher versus Hermes Franka is of course one of the most disgraced title fights in UFC history and it was at like the worst possible time right in the middle of the tough boom. We got a good thing going Shark Boy. Don't ruin this for everybody. Shawn was the champ coming in looking every bit of his muscle shark nickname and scored a UD over Hermes Franca who was also looking particularly juicy that night. Both fighters would pop after the bout and the lightweight division which was just getting on its feet was dealt another really stupid and embarrassing blow. According to Sherk, the fail was nonsense. He's got the receipts. &gt;&gt; No, I don't I know. I didn't take anything, you know. I've done I did everything I could possibly do to prove my innocence, you know, with with blood work, which is more accurate for testing for steroids than your analysis. Three polygraph lie detector tests, passed all three of them, plus all the all the stuff that we found on how how my how my samples were handled and all that stuff, too. I mean, I've got a lot of proof that shows I didn't take anything. And &gt;&gt; despite his thorough denials, the fight would lose him the title and see him suspended. But in the old days, they didn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about overturning these fights. So the victory stands truly a bout that deserved no winners. Number three, Mr. Glass. I have truly never seen anything like this one. PFL in Paris. Cedric Dumbbe was taking on Baky Chamsudenov. Big- time welterweight main event. Big- time fight for France. The crowd was absolutely mental. They were going back and forth for two rounds. And then a minute into the third, Dumbbe appears to be having an issue with his toe. Goddard dismisses it. He and Baky stand there like two fighting game characters in their idol animations. And then he pleads with Goddard again who stops the fight. TKO victory for Baky. So what the hell happened here? Well, somehow a shard of glass ended up on the canvas, which is, you know, super dangerous and ended up in Dumbbee's foot. Now, all he wanted to do is have it removed so he could continue. But according to Big John McCarthy, who to be fair to him, didn't know the circumstances at the time, that didn't matter. When Cedric Dubet says, "Oh, my foot." He tells him, "No, fight on." And then he again goes back to he's got a problem with his foot. That's a self-inflicted injury or an injury that was caused by something fair in the fight. Mark Goddard is completely right in this. It is a TKO victory for Hut. Bay said he intended to appeal the loss since you know you're tokating glass and it is absolutely grounds for a no contest, but the loss stands to this day two years later. Number two, the unnatural. You know, I know that the early 2000s were a different time, and I know the heavyweight division was thin and needed talent in the UFC. And I know as well that they asked Josh Barnett to take this fight on relatively short notice. But what did they think was going to happen when just a few months prior to his title challenge against Randy Couture, Josh Barnett was flagged by Nevada for banned substances after his win over Bobby Hoffman. Another fight that was not overturned, justice for Bobby. The Couture victory is more egregious, though, because it was for the UFC's heavyweight crown. After TKOing Randy in impressive fashion, the rising heavyweight star that was Barnett was flagged a second time for a failed postfight test. And this time, instead of just being warned by Nevada, they took his goal. Something Josh claims was actually more personal than anything. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do believe that they wanted to damage me and get rid of me uh because I'd pissed him off so much. &gt;&gt; Well, if they really hated him that much, they didn't hate him enough to turn that victory into a no contest. the bad blood with Nevada and the title stripping would see Barnett head to Japan and not return to the state for over a decade. Number one, Rumbling Blind. You know, there's been a lot of fights that have had eye pokes contribute to the outcome. And they're always controversial and it's always something that gets brought up. Even if everybody knows that outside of foul calls or a DQ in the moment, there's really nothing we can do about it. We just got to eat it. But Rumble Johnson versus Kevin Burns is one of those rare times that if there was ever an eye poke related loss to be overturned, it was this one. So, as the fight is going along, there's a bunch of eye pokes that get stern warnings from the mods. But a third round eye poke would literally end the [music] fight. Johnson takes it and then he just falls to the canvas to protect his now cracked retina. And for some reason, this was counted as a TKO victory on the night because Rumble couldn't continue. No, Shitty couldn't continue. His eyes were being poked out. Even more insane, Johnson did appeal this one. The explanation by Keith Kaiser, head of the commission at the time, the appeal was rejected due to a lack of remedy. Uh, I'll tell you the remedy, Keith. You turn the fight into a no contest. Listen to this terrifying snippet of Rumble prior to the rematch with Burn. &gt;&gt; You know, but if he does it this time, it's going to be hell in the cage. I tell you that. He won't make it out alive if you pull me out this time. So, &gt;&gt; Johnson would KO Burns in the third round with a nasty headkick. Not as nasty as the editing of this video by Luke Taylor. Please follow him on his socials. Go check out his awesome YouTube channel. The man is an absolute stud. Big ups to our channel members. Thank you guys so much for your support. Hit the join button and become one yourself. You get exclusive content. That's pretty damn cool. Liking and subscribing is the remedy for your eye pokes. Leave a comment about which of these needs to be overturned still. And thank you so much for watching. Have a good one.