Kind: captions Language: en Is there anything better than watching a fighter you really don't like losing? It is the best possible thing in MMA. Better than someone you like winning even a lot of times. And while usually fans are split on any given fighter, every once in a while, something happens where we just universally wanted to see someone get beat. These brief magical moments where we were all united in our status as haters. It's so satisfying and exceptionally rare. But for the instances we're about to talk about, I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 MMA losses the community took pleasure in. Number 10, Teimu Conor Humble. Imitation might be the sincerest form of flattery, but that's for the person being imitated. For observers, it can be beyond eye rolling, especially when it's a personality like Conor McGregor's. It was impossible to not see the influence that McGregor had on Bellator's James Gallagher. He reached the promotion in 2016, the height of Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s powers, and given that he was from the same gym, it was like a bit too on the nose there, buddy. I'm sure there are plenty of Connor's teammates that don't act like a great value version of him. The only reason Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s stick worked is because it was paired with what he was doing in the cage at the highest level, and it felt like it was genuinely who he was. As we've seen, that charm did not last forever, and no grace was given to James, who immediately felt like a ripoff. And he hadn't beat anybody yet. He was working his way through the bottom rungs of Bellator, but that is when he ran into Ricky Bendas and couldn't have been any more annoying in the leadup to the actual fight itself. For 2 years, fans had been forced to watch dollar store Conor McGregor strut around cosplaying like a world champion when he was just getting started. And so when Bendas wrecked his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the very first round, it was just what every fan needed that night. &gt;&gt; Oh, big shot. He's a shot over the finish. &gt;&gt; Number nine, shut up hard. Remember that time everybody just collectively said, "Fuck Tony Kelly." In fact, you probably only remember Tony Kelly because everybody wanted him to lose so badly to Adrien Janes. This nothing burger of a fight really heated up a month before the bout after Kelly was overheard saying the following while cornering his then girlfriend Andrea Lee against Vivana Adujo in a very quiet Apex Center. They're dirty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Brazilians. They're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cheat like that. &gt;&gt; The backlash online was swift with Tony afterwards brushing off the outrage as cancel culture, but his attempt at politicizing the issue didn't work. Ganes seemed extra stoked to get to punch Kelly even more after the comments, and Gilbert Burns offered a bonus for Adrian if he got the finish. Kelly was done no favors on fight night as he missed weight, which generally pisses everyone off, and the bout was held in Texas, Giannis's home turf. The crowd booed Tony relentlessly at his announcement, causing him to flip everybody off and grab his nuts. Really winning everybody over there, buddy. The crowd was raid all fight. And late in the first, when Giannis heard Kelly, they lost their minds. Adrien let Tony know what he thought of him immediately after the stoppage as well. And the entire MMA community collectively said, "Fuck yes." &gt;&gt; That Brazilian power that got came behind me with this with that hands, bro. I'm telling you, I felt the Brazilian energy, man. at the &gt;&gt; As if the win wasn't satisfying enough on its own. Despite being two and two in the UFC at the time with two wins in a row prior to the loss, Kelly was released from the promotion and actually never fought again. Adrien literally ended this man's whole career. Number eight, knee slapper. The perfect storm of discontent towards Shawn Sherk converged in a single moment at UFC 84 and made for one of the most satisfying finishes of all time. The year previous, Sherk had been stripped of the lightweight title after pissing hot in a win over Hermes Franca, who also pissed hot. Mind you, this was 2007. We're in the tough boom. New fans are outraged and they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate this dude. He was the poster child for cheating in mixed martial arts. So, they had this big disgraceful fallout from their title fight. And then here comes BJ Penn. You know, the coolest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude ever. BJ returned to lightweight with a triumphant season of tough opposite Jensen's pulver and then would win vacant gold against Joe Stevenson in the absence of cheater Sherk. Fans wanted him to call out the former champ and he did so in the coolest way possible. &gt;&gt; Sean Sherk, you're dead. &gt;&gt; The stage was set for a throwdown with everybody hoping that the prodigy would give Sherk what he had coming to him and oh man did he ever. a big old knee and a follow-up that put such a satisfying end to Shawn's involvement in the lightweight title picture. Number seven, snake stomping. Very few fighters have ever made themselves into more of a villain than TJ Dillashaw did fighting Henry Cejudo. Now, Tyler's reputation had already been greatly tarnished in years previous thanks to his nasty feud with his former teammates at Team Alpha Mail. But in his foray into the flyweight division, Dillashaw fully leaned into the snake in the grass persona that fans had expected. He wasn't moving down to flyweight to win another title. He was moving down to flyweight to kill the division. &gt;&gt; UFC wants to to get rid of the division in my eyes. They uh they hired me to go down and and close it and get another belt. &gt;&gt; That is so messed up. Like why you trying to take jobs away from people? I don't who does that. And then he wore that stupid coat while he was like wasting away from the weight cut. It just none of it felt like anything anybody wanted. And so when he got TKO'ed in 32 seconds, questionable stoppage or not, we didn't care. Fans were so damn happy. Not only did you not kill the division, but your arrogant belief that you could easily move down to 125 and somehow make that weight and be competitive was proven wrong immediately afterwards when he popped for EPO. Fans felt even more justified in enjoying his downfall. Number six, Goliath conquered. A few months back, I showed my nephew Mitaro Nogera versus Bob Sap with absolutely no context. He vaguely knew of Sap. He's the guy from the longest yard and knew nothing of Noggera or Pride or what happened in this bout. And his reaction to the fight really shows how universal it was to cheer for Noggera to somehow beat this absolute monster that was in the ring with him. By the time Antonio survived getting dumped on his head by Sap, my nephew was locked in and cheering like the fight was live and went absolutely nuts when Noga locked in that armbar in the second round. I could give you more context about Sap's status in Japan at the time as an attraction and the perception of him as a real threat or about Noggera's run and status as pride heavyweight champion. But honestly, my nephew showed that it doesn't matter. None of it. This was as old as David versus Goliath. That deep human instinct to cheer for the little guy, even when the little guy is the best heavyweight fighter on the planet at the time. Overcoming what felt like there would be no way to overcome initially makes Nog's victory one of the most universally satisfying in the history of the sport. Number five, comeuppins. From the second Greg Hardy entered the UFC, he was very largely unwelcome by the MMA community. There was the DV situation he had had in the NFL that got resolved when the victim didn't show up to court. There was the UFC's baffling choice to debut him on a card with a fighter who was recently attacked in a DV incident in Rachel Ostavvich. But it wasn't just that. His whole attitude towards everything. And also, you can't give yourself your own nickname. And if you do, it can't be prince of war. Not when you're three fights into your career. You are the prince of nothing at that point. So given his general douchebaggery, fans could not wait for someone to put this dude's lights out. The problem was it just wasn't happening. Given his newness to the sport, the UFC rightly started him with bouts he could be competitive in. But even when he worked his way up, the losses weren't good enough. Volkov took him to a decision. Tyura forced a TKO stoppage, but it was just more like Hardy kind of stopping fighting. But then a hero came along with the strength to carry on in Tai to Iasa. Everybody loves that guy, Shuies and whatnot. So him KOing Hardy in about a minute felt good for that reason alone, but it was also just so very satisfying to see Greg take a second L in a row in more dramatic fashion. Sergey Spivox put the icing on the cake next fight and that was the end of Greg Hardy in mixed martial arts. Number four, divisional savior. Is it fair that everybody hated Tim Sylvia? I think a lot of it is pretty mean-spirited, but it doesn't change the fact that it happened. He reigned over the weakest heavyweight division of all time. He was he was goofy and awkward and a lot of times boring to so many. He was the embodiment of that era in that division. And god, his second title reign was abysmal. The trilogy bout with Arlovski and his defense against Jeff Mson absolutely sucked. Things were already bad, but those fights just made everything so much worse. And that's when Captain America appeared to save the day. Randy Couture, recently retired, decided, you know what? I'm going to come back. I'm going to move to heavyweight again and beat the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of Tim Sylvia to end this suffering. I need a minute to myself so I can drift away. Despite his age and the size difference for five whole rounds, Couture worked over Sylvia. It was not even close. And god was it so satisfying knowing that Sylvia would no longer be holding that goal. It was the only fight in this video that ended via a decision, but it was such a satisfying and sustained thrashing that a finish wasn't even needed. Number three, arrogant Alistar. I would imagine being one of the most jacked up and dangerous people on the planet would absolutely go to your head. And it really came across that way with Alistair Over. This guy looked like a Greek god. Everybody thought he was the best heavyweight in the world, an inevitable champion in the UFC. His arrogant demeanor was entirely justified. But of course, Uber could not have gotten to this state with horsemeat alone. And so in 2012, when he got caught with the TE ratio of a bull shark, his smuggness was met with nothing but disdain from fans. And that would carry over into his first fight back after his suspension against Bigfoot Silva. Overim carried himself all fight like he couldn't even believe the UFC had bothered to put him in the cage with this guy. like he seemed so above it, so put off, like he couldn't even bother to defend himself. So when Bigfoot Silva beat the absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of him as a result of his laxidasical defense, it just felt so good as a fan. You couldn't help but think this dude got what was coming to him. What's so great about this one is that even if you didn't know from anybody else before that fight, his body language alone during the bout would have you losing your mind when Bigfoot hits that first shot. It was a universal hatred for arrogance on display that night. Number two, Cowboys Last Ride. There are some stories that are universally satisfying in life when they play out. And one of those is when an arrogant young hot shot gets put in their place by a veteran who maybe isn't the best anymore, but they are more than enough to take a cocky jerk to school. And the very embodiment of this trope in mixed martial arts is Alexander Hernandez versus Donald Cerrone. The story is just perfect. Alex enters the UFC with a shocking KO victory over Benil Daruch. A hell of a debut followed up by a victory over OAM. Donald Cerrone, now 30 fights into his UFC career, was planning a move on back down to lightweight for the first time in 3 years. So, the stage was set. The first ever ESPN card, headlining the prelims. The same night that Cejudo beat Dillashaw, by the way. A very satisfying evening all around. Hernandez could not have been more of a villain at the press conference in the leadup to that fight. &gt;&gt; I just see myself facing an insecure little lad swinging on a saddle with a pop gun and a feather in his hat. &gt;&gt; He was bullying Cerrone Cowboy was the living embodiment of that Toby Keat song on that night. He's not as good as he once was, but he's as good once as he ever was. And my goodness, did he beat the absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of Alexander Hernandez over the course of those two rounds, laying it on thick towards the climax to finish off the young gun and show him that he still had quite a bit to learn. Number one, air hendo. We hated Michael Bispine so much that the follow-up shot that he took from Dan Henderson was one of the most beloved moments of that era in the sport. It's kind of super [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up thinking about it now, but man, at the time, everybody was just so happy. Mike Bisby may be beloved these days, but he was a prickly bastard back in the old days, a trait he got to show off in abundance, coaching tough opposite of Hendo. Now, Dan was absolutely adored at the time, so any opposition to him would have been disliked. But Bispane had a way about him that made everybody so badly want to see him not just lose, but lose terribly. And oh my god, did he ever. The KO itself was just pure unadulterated destruction. One of the all-time greats. But the flying jumping follow-up shot was the cathartic icing on the cake every fan needed that night after months of chatting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Funny enough, time changes everything because many years later, the count would get his own satisfying KO when he took the gold from the cocky surfer fashion model champion Luke Rockold in a massive underdog win. Now that is a redemption arc, even though he was a total prick on that night, too. You know, I guess he still is today, but he's our prick. I'll tell you who's not a jerk, though. the editor of this video, Luke Taylor. Please follow him on his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. A massive thanks to Ben C, channel member, who came up with this list idea. And another thanks to all of our other channel members. You guys are fantastic. Thank you so much. If you want to become a member, hit the join button. Get exclusive content. You might suggest a video that we end up doing. Like and subscribe cuz I could do this all day and I will. So, keep coming around. Leave a comment letting me know which of these was the most satisfying loss to you. And thank you so much for watching. I'll see you guys later. [Music]