Kind: captions Language: en Nothing makes me angrier than when someone tells me about someone that I deeply despise. Well, love them or hate them, you got to hand it to them. And while a lot of times you really don't have to hand it to them, sometimes I hate to say it, but you do. And the 10 fighters we talk about today are such perfect examples of these moments. Everybody we discuss was hated for one reason or another, but did something so incredible that, love them or hate them, you had to hand it to them. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 times fighters you hate made you respect them. Number 10, Juliana Pena versus Amanda Nunez. I still talk about this one all the time because even retroactively, you can't take away what happened. And Juliana Pena gets to own that forever. Going into her title fight with Amanda Nunez, there couldn't have been any less hype. By this point, it was like, okay, we just need a warm body to put in front of Nunez. And that warm body was Juliana. She'd fought three times since 2017. her most recent win nearly a year earlier against Sarah McMahon, who'd lost two of her last three. Absolutely nobody cared about this fight, and Pena's confidence in the leadup to it was honestly laughable to most fans. &gt;&gt; We were already supposed to fight. &gt;&gt; That is my time in my We'll see. &gt;&gt; Now, she hadn't reached fullon delusion mode like she would after the second fight, but Pena's brash nature and previous comments about Nunez had rubbed fans the wrong way leading up to their first encounter. And then, of course, she did the unthinkable. She took it to Nunez in the second round of that fight. Made it a big nasty brawl and got herself a rear naked choke victory over the greatest women's fighter in history. &gt;&gt; She has beaten Amanda Nunz Jul. &gt;&gt; And again, I know that second fight where she was just totally dominated. Absolutely frames the first bout as a fluke, which it was. But she still did something that eight others couldn't do. Take that gold from the greatest. And even though it was fleeting, it is forever. And I'll give Pena her flowers on that. every single time. Number nine, Ian Garry versus Shavekat Rakmanov. The absolute hate boner that the MMA community on the internet had for Ian Garry for a while there was kind of fascinating to see. It felt very TMZ of everybody. Most of it was focused on his wife, but it was genuinely felt by a whole bunch of fans. There were so many that were just looking forward to the downfall of this man at every turn. And to some degree, I do get it. He was outspoken. He's young and seems overly confident. Still largely unproven by the time we get to the story of this entry. But to the chagrin of his many haters, the guy just kept winning whether they liked the matchups or not. Whatever the showing he had, didn't matter. They were always finding this or that reason to criticize both in the cage and out of it. Then UFC 310 happened. The main event was meant to be Bal Muhammad defending his gold against divisional boogeyman Shavat Rakmanov. Absolutely nobody wanted to fight this man. Nobody wants to fight this man still. He's just bad for your career. And still there he lies in waiting like death itself for his eventual title challenge. But yeah, you're not going to be getting anybody jumping in to fight this dude on four weeks notice except for Ian Garry. &gt;&gt; The UFC called us 15 minutes ago. Will you fight Shap? &gt;&gt; I'm I'm saying yes. I'll stand in there on 3 weeks notice and I'll find a way to beat him. &gt;&gt; He wanted all the smoke. And this could have been a massive misstep to go in there unbeaten against another unbeaten. If Shavat would have mopped the floor with him, it would have been bad business and could have stifled all his momentum. Instead, taking the fight made him look like a real bad ace. And Gary managed to take a respectable two rounds from Shavcott out of five. Did he win? Nope. Did he win some respect? You bet your balls. &gt;&gt; I think Ian Gary's stock goes up. I don't think it drops at all. &gt;&gt; If that doesn't get your respect, I don't know what does. So, for that, I'll say fair play to Ian Gary. &gt;&gt; Number eight, Rashad Evans versus Chuck Liddell. I'm old enough to remember when Rashad Evans was hated by so many fans. It seems crazy now, but in the early 2000s, after his run on tough, Evans was deeply disliked by the fandom, being both perceived as boring and arrogant, a terrible combination. He also had the unfortunate luck of fighting either fan favorites or absolute nobodyies outside Jason Lambert and Shawn Sammon. Shot had been the decisionator in the UFC with none of them being clean either. Three splits and a majority decision. His draw with Tito Ortiz pissed fans off as well, especially because Tito would have won if he hadn't been deducted a point for grabbing the fence. And then they paired him with the most beloved man on the MMA planet, Chuck Liddell. Like, what are you doing to this guy? But coming off his epic clash against Vanderlay Silva, we as fans didn't quite know the full decline had begun, but we understood it well when Evans stopped Chuck absolutely cold in the second round. &gt;&gt; Out cold. Unbelievable. &gt;&gt; It was one of those, "Holy shit." Okay. Yeah, this guy's clearly pretty damn good moments. As much as fans loathed the idea of him destroying their hero, this negative sentiment was carried into the bout with beloved everyman champion Forest Griffin. I remember watching the fight at Hooters because it was cheaper than pay-per-view. &gt;&gt; The boobs and the hot wings. &gt;&gt; And the level of hate for Evans in that place was insane. They were devastated when he KO'ed Forest. Another impressive win where love or hate the guy, you had to hand it to him. Number seven, Patty Pimplet versus Michael Chandler. &gt;&gt; Whatever you sausage. I said during the autopsy video after Pimpblelet and Chandler fought that up to that bout, I just didn't really get Patty. He came from the UK fight scene with a massive hype behind him and immediately made an impact in the UFC. A lot of people got behind him massively and really fast, which will always in turn bring on fans who think, well, who the hell is this guy? Who's he ever fought? And they had a point. His first wins were against guys whose names you're never going to remember. And so the unproven label would follow him and only get worse when he clearly lost to Jared Gordon, but got the judges nod anyway. The hate for his arrogance after that fight is really the tipping point where you started to see the fandom turn hard on him. &gt;&gt; Anyone that thinks he won that fight doesn't know what they're watching. You know what I mean? I I've easily won the first two rounds. &gt;&gt; It wasn't just the ones who didn't get the hype anymore. The Ferguson and Green wins did very little to lessen the hate for the man. Nobody wanted to see him beat Tony. And the King Green fight was just kind of weird. Enter Michael Chandler. &gt;&gt; God bless. I'll see you at the top. &gt;&gt; Mr. Excitement. It was the perfect fight to really test Patty. Had Chandler struggled in the UFC? Yes, but he was a main event caliber fighter. And so it felt like finally for frustrated fans, "Okay, Patty, let's see what you can actually do." And he mopped the floor with Mike. It was the kind of one that's almost bulletproof. Three rounds of domination followed by finishing him off late in the third. If Chandler was washed, this was the type of victory a real contender would have against him. It was the first time after one of his fights that I said, "Okay, you know what? I get it now. I get why fans were excited about him initially." And while he still has a lot of hate, that Chandler victory won over a ton of fans. Number six, TJ Dillashaw versus Cody Garbrandt. Oh, do MMA fans love us some damn drama. And the splitting up of TJ Dillashaw and Team Alpha Male was the juiciest. This one had a two-year build to it. Dillashaw and mentor Dwayne Lewig would part ways with their longtime gym to start their own in Denver. Dillshaw was champ at the time, but shortly after would lose the title to Dominic Cruz and Heartbreaker. between some really well-placed interviews by the TAM guys, his portrayal on the Ultimate Fighter in the midst of everything, the insane popularity of Conor McGregor, who called Dillashaw's deflection and gave him the snake label that would follow him for years, the gym bully stories, and the charges of disloyalty. Dillashaw was one of the most hated fighters in the world for a time, and the two-year buildup of his hatred would culminate with TJ finally throwing down with a representative from his former team in the form of Cody Garbrandt, who had spectacularly taken the title from Cruz. Dillashaw would emphatically take out Cody twice in a row, putting every possible nail in the coffin of that rivalry with Tam. After the fact, with his EPO fail less than a year later, the hate for Dillashaw couldn't be any stronger. But cheater or traitor label or not, a lot of fans were well impressed by those victories over Cody at the time and still. Number five, Kobe Cington versus Kamaru Usman. You know, for pretty much the vast majority of this list, I couldn't be counted among haters. I just couldn't be bothered usually. I struggled to hate. And I won't lie, Kobe Coington's whole way of going about things in 2019 had me rolling my eyes left and right. It was clear that he was pretty talented given the wins over Maya and RDA, but I truly felt the corny way he was going about stuff was just the least cool version of the persona he was trying to convey. And of course, a lot of fans were well not big fans of the man. Truth be told, while he absolutely earned his shot, the questions about what he could do against a guy like Usman were absolutely there going into that first fight. The win over Lawler at that stage felt a bit hollow and Usman had dethroned the best champion the division had had since GSP. I was not at all expecting the absolute war we got out of KBY that night against Usman and I'd imagine most weren't either, but the fight was an instant classic and Cington really showed the grit to the very end that makes people a fan of someone. It was impossible not to respect the effort after that one regardless of how you felt about chaos. Easy piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Number four, Shawn Ali versus Alamain Sterling. There were two phases of me taking Shawn Ali seriously. And I think my own journey with the Sugar Show is probably a pretty good encapsulation of a lot of fans because I wasn't really into Mr. Skittles. It just felt like he was this forever prospect that the UFC kept handing rando fights to showcase his talent, but that never really impressed me. There was always something. The weird finish of the Vera fight that he acted like didn't count as a loss. The eye poke against Pedro Munoz. Like, cool, you dunked on Chris Matinho. What does any of this mean, Shawn? And of course, his over-the-top persona didn't do him any favors with those who weren't already fans. I mean, he literally looked like a clown at times. That is just hater fuel. And then two things happened, and one is lesser here. It's why the entry is about Sterling specifically, but it should be noted that having that fight he had with Yan, even though literally everybody gave the fight to Poder, the grit he showed in that one had me finally seeing a bit of something in Shawn, which takes us to his title challenge with Aljo. Sterling had established himself pretty powerfully at the top of the division and I fully expected him to wipe the floor with hype job. But that is not what happened. He neutralized Aljo's greatest advantage in grappling and got an impressive as hell and legitimate second round finish to earn the gold. However you felt about Shawn at that point, there was simply no denying that victory, it was incredible. Number three, Brock Lesnar versus Shane Carwin. Because of his massive popularity as the living embodiment of Duke Nukem, it's hard to imagine that Brock Lesnar was hated in the UFC. But he really was. He was an outsider. And even with his incredible real ammy wrestling pedigree, a lot of fans saw him as a pro wrestling guy who was given this opportunity simply because he was a popular figure. Of course, that turned out to not be true. The guy had legitimate bonafides. But it took a while for a lot of fans to get there. There was always an excuse. Well, Heath Herring was washed. Well, Randy was massively undized and old. They booed the absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of him when he beat Frank Mir at UFC 100. That's not going to win him any fans. But the turning point, the real, okay, you know what? This guy knows ball moment. Beating Shane Carwick because Carwin was a different kind of beast. Sure, fans respected the win over Frank Mir, but Shane looked to be an eater of worlds. He was this monster of a man, and he was just decimating everything in his path. The build to that fight was absurd. It felt like the closest thing in real life to King Kong versus Godzilla. Any win over Carwin would have earned Brock respect, but to do it after dealing with a near career-ending debilitating chronic illness. And then the insane comeback after getting torched in the first round only to earn a sub in the second had even the hatingest of haters like, damn. Okay, that was impressive as hell. &gt;&gt; He took a beating. Anybody questions his chin anymore can shut the up. He showed so much heart in this fight, making it through that first round, weathering a storm, and then coming back. Hands down, Brock Lesnar is the best he ever heweight in MMA. Number two, Tyron Woodley versus Darren Till. The very peak of Tyron Woodley hate was in the leadup to his fight with Darren Till. It was like the perfect hate storm. As champion, Woodley had been less than desirable viewing, at least in his last two fights. Total snoozers with Steven Thompson in their rematch. And then Damen Maya, a victory so bad that Dana White gave the GSP fight to Michael Bispine instead of Tyrant. &gt;&gt; When you get booed out of an arena, it means people don't want to watch you fight. to add to the just everybody really doesn't like this guy right now was that Darren Till was white hot as a prospect and getting hyped to the moon undefeated the next Conor McGregor all that stuff I will never forget how much bigger Till looked than Woodley during staredowns too it was like how in the world are these two guys in the same weight class the hype and the hate were real and then Tyron Woodley walked into the cage and showed everybody why he was the reigning and the defending &gt;&gt; this man absolutely demolished ed Till so badly that he sort of never recovered from it. No matter how you felt about Woodley, the threat that Till posed was very real to most fans and he absolutely squashed it. There was no way you couldn't hand it to him. And finally, number one, Daniel Cormier versus Jon Jones 2. There was a contingent of fans that just could never really connect with Daniel Cormier for the longest time. Why? I have no idea. Personally, to me, he's an all-time favorite. But there is no doubt that through the majority of his rivalry with Jon Jones, despite JBJ often being the villain of the story in the sport, DC always seemed to be the one who caught the most flak from fans. I &gt;&gt; I can't really try and dictate people's emotions. I can only take care of what I can take care of. &gt;&gt; Ironically, where things really got bad for him is when Jones left. They had this heated rivalry. They finally had their fight and Jon just smoked him, right? Took four rounds easily, was never in trouble. Score settled. Jones is the better fighter. Well, then he went and got himself suspended for being a lunatic outside the cage, and his title was vacated. Despite an impressive victory over Rumble Johnson to earn that vacant title, DC's entire reign was undermined by the fact that Jon was clearly the better fighter and just wasn't around for being an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] not being worse. Cormier's hollow reign, despite being really strong, culminated in an eventual second showdown with Jones, where he'd finally start to see the respect he deserved, ironically enough, in the most devastating loss of his career. Jones brutally finished DC, but you could tell in the cage that the guy gave his everything to this sport and he laid it all out there after the bout. When it came back that Jones pissed hot post fight, all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that DC had been through over all those years because of that man and all the effort he'd put forward to be the best he could be, finally shined through with fans and he finally started getting the respect and admiration he deserved. Now fans hate him for his commentary. I don't know, guys. That's the list. Thank Max Randall. He edited this thing together lightning fast. The man's a machine. Follow him on his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. A massive thanks to our channel members as well. Seriously, your support is everything. We appreciate it so much. Fight fans, hit the join button. Get exclusive content. Highly recommended. Like and subscribe or Jon Jones is going to ruin your life as well. Leave a comment about which of these fighters you hated the most but finally gave respect to or maybe not. And thank you so much for watching. Have a good one. [Music]