Kind: captions Language: en Remember that not so great performance by Shawn Strickland in his rematch with Durkas Duplexi? Of course you do. That title fight was like two months ago. You're not a goldfish. You might have remembered afterwards as well, but I kind of went off on Shawn in our autopsy video because I thought the fight was really boring. I have no desire to watch a Shawn Strickland fight that is five rounds and costs $80 ever again. Well, turns out I wasn't alone because 3 days later, Shawn's very own coach, MMA Junky's 2020 coach of the year, also had a lot of negative things to say about Shawn's performance. It just it it just was a very underwhelming performance and and an opportunity to fight for a title. He I think he needs to evaluate what he wants to do in the sport. If it's if it's just to make money, great. Let us know. You know, I I I want to I want to coach world champions. Pretty brutal stuff. And in response, Strickland had absolutely nothing to say. I'm just kidding. that's literally never happened. Shawn said he'd probably not have Nick in his corner in future fights. Apparently, Camp was a very tough one, but Strickland said that it wasn't the reason he performed that way and it wasn't an excuse, even though he mentioned it when explaining why he had the performance he had. Now, I'm definitely not saying Eric Nix breaks teams up. I'm not saying that. But I am saying that Aljamain Sterling chose him over Matt Sarah to corner him for the first Peota Jan fight. And that did lead to a rift, albeit a minor one, which would lead to Sarah retiring from cornering fighters. Again, not blaming Eric, just saying he's the grim reaper for teams. I'm completely kidding. But this is a fantastic topic, and it's why Nick Strickland was the 10th entry in our list today. About 10 times fighters and their coaches turned on each other. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point. Let's hop right into number nine. Ian Mch leaves KF. There are very few words that a coach can call you that is worse than uncoachable. And that is the exact label that Ian Machado Garary got in writing via his former team KF Martial Arts back in 2021. So this is pre UFC. This is the leadup to his Cage Warriors welterweight championship. The fight right before he made the jump. Though rumors were swirling about the split on Fight Week and 2 days before the title bout, Gary took to his Instagram to confirm that yes, he had indeed left Team KF, claiming founders Chris Fields and Tom King chose to abruptly step down and no longer support him. Team KF decided to remain silent about the ordeal until Gary won the title and then released their own statement, which went in hard on Ian, basically saying he wasn't loyal, honorable, or respectful, that he thought he was bigger than the team. and that is where the uncoachable label came down. They also said they warned Gary several times after hiring a new manager and that that was the catalyst for this whole situation. Now, I don't want to open this giant ass can of worms, but the manager they're referring to is Gary's wife and that whole thing is a topic that is way overloaded online and we don't need to go any further for this entry anyway. The point is they had a huge falling out. They dumped Gary right before the title fight and everybody's doing just fine now on their own. At the end of the day, if something they ask me to do, cross is something I have to do, bro. I'm always going to choose what I have to do because it's my life. Number eight, Krauss coaching controversy, and it is not the one that you're thinking about. Nope, this is about his split with Megan Anderson. So, following her loss to Amanda Nunez, which would end up being the final fight of her career, Megan took to Twitter in some now deleted posts to go off on James Krauss. She claimed she was getting 30 minutes of pad work a week from him. That she wasn't getting any kind of coaching, any kind of strategy for the fight coming up, that Brandon Moreno was getting daily sessions, but that Krauss couldn't be bothered with Anderson. But that wasn't the end of things. Oh no. And mind you, this is one comment that she made during all this. But she got really personal when she started talking about Krauss and claiming that he had been with Laura Senko. Again, nobody else has ever confirmed that, but it is part of their split, so I feel like I had to mention it. as gross as it made me feel to even talk about something like that. Anyway, Krauss was in no position to respond as all this went down a week after his giant gambling debacle. Krauss disciple Jeff Molina did jump in though and he hit Megan with the notes screenshot and accused all kinds of stuff. Bad teammate. She hardly trained at all for Nunez. She was drinking all the time. God, this whole thing was ugly as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But yeah, safe to say Anderson and Krauss will not be teaming up for any fights or probably saying a nice word to each other ever again. Number seven, Inanu 270 drama. You know, we talk so much about the situation between Enanu and the UFC leading up to UFC 270 that you almost forget about all the former gym drama. So, when Francis arrived in Paris, he would end up joining the MMA factory and be trained in the ways of mixed martial arts by head coach Fernand Lopez. After the Predators failure to beat Stipe Mitch the first time and the absolutely awful Derrick Lewis fight, the two parties would part ways and it was anything but amicable. You have the ego problem. You become your own coach. You be on your own manager. I cannot say anything to you. This is not a good guy. Like if if if I start to give some some details, people will just go crazy like crazy crazy. Lopez called Inganu ungrateful, claimed that he refused to pay his annual gym membership fee, citing his stardom as a reason not to have to pay it because he was bringing eyes to the gym. And Fernand felt that Francis hadn't really properly acknowledged his contributions to his development as a fighter. And Ganu was having none of it and said it was just plain jealousy. Of course, all of this would be brought to the surface again on Fight Week when Francis took on his former teammate and Lopez trained fighter Sirill Gan. Now, like I said, the story got squashed just a bit with the UFC contract drama. And yeah, yet another team that Eric Nix absolutely destroyed, you monster. But it is funny that he keeps popping up in these stories. Number six, KS versus AKA. Oh yeah, we're going old school gym drama. So, right after defeating Mike Pierce at UFC 143, Josh Koschek announced very clearly that he was both leaving AKA and that it was because Javier Mendes. There's nothing with anybody over there. There's only one person and we all know that person is Javier. Javier Mendes is lazy. He's never been successful at anything he's done. Josh would go on to say that after losses, Javier would throw his fighters under the bus and try to make himself look good. Hilariously, when MMA Mania covered this split, they cited an interview in which Mendes talks about Kane Velasquez and does say, quote, "I told him not to stand before him because the guy's a great boxer. Once you do that, you're screwed. I did my job." Yeah, but there's no doubt that Kosch Czech and Mendes had some serious problems. Listen to Josh talk about it to former teammate John Fitch. I hope the gym burns to the ground. Hopefully, nobody's in it, but just well, maybe one person. Menddees himself on the situation has kind of taken the high road, essentially saying, "I'm just going to move on. The guy clearly hates me. I don't know what you want me to do." Now, other fighters at the team have confirmed that the two would often butt heads, but yeah, this one was ugly, and Koschek would never return to AKA. He would also never win another fight in his entire career. Number five, Jackson Winkle drama. Yep, this one is an alltime beef and a tale as old as time. Gold getting between friends. So, here's the setup. Rashad Evans is supposed to get a title fight with Shogun Hua, but he injures his knee and is forced out. And so, the UFC shifts and gives the fight to teammate Jon Jones. JBJ, of course, wins the title and that sets up a conflict between the two parties. But the truth is, this problem started right when Jones joined Jackson Winklej because Evans claimed that he told Greg Jackson he didn't want him there, but they brought Jon on anyway. Things got worse though when Jones said after he'd won the belt that he would fight Evans if the UFC asked him to, and they deteriorated even more when Greg Jackson and Mike Winkl John chose to side with the champion when the bout finally came together. And there was a sense of betrayal with the whole thing with Greg and Mike Winkle John now back in John. And it got personal. It was a bitter situation and incredibly uncomfortable in the leadup to the fight all the way through to the aftermath. Done with Jackson. You're done. How come? I'm done. You feel as though they betrayed you. I'm done. I'm done with Jackson. Rashad would end up forming the Black Zillians. And while they all don't hate each other today, it sounds like the relationship is irreparably damaged. Bonus mini entry. The Teeu version of this problem at Jackson Wink. The team training Mike Perry for his fight with Donald Cerrone. Cowboy really hadn't been around much and it sounds like him and Mike Winkle John weren't getting along. So, there was a split and a fight and Cerrone took Perry's arm. Number four, TAM implosion. Oh yeah, man. This was the drama in the mid2010s. Good lord. All right, so here's how this all went down. In 2012, Dwayne Ledwick showed up at Team Alpha Male and he taught everybody how to strike. And all of a sudden, everybody at Team Alpha male was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome, especially TJ Dillashaw. Cut to two years later, and Lewig decides that he's going to start his own gym in Colorado. But this wasn't characterized as like a bad split. It was like a, "Oh, I got to spread my coaching wings and fly kind of thing." But then the cracks started to form. So, apparently, Uriah Faber had made this announcement that he was leaving before Lewig was ready, which led to confusion about whether or not he'd be abandoning current fighters that were in camp. And that pissed Lwig off. Then Faber goes on the MMA hour and just airs out all this dirty laundry. As far as the bowling thing goes, I mean, it was pretty bad, man. First off, Dwayne refused to work with any females. He said, "I I don't I don't believe in it." And I'm like, "Okay." Two of the African-American guys on our team that had approached me and said, "You know, this is getting real uncomfortable. You're on the verge of getting kicked out as a coach. You can't be bullying people because you want things." Just mooching money like a like like I mean like a leech, man. It's unbelievable. I mean, the dude just went in. Of course, the biggest point of contention would end up being when TJ Dillashaw left team alpha male and joined Lewig in Colorado. That led to a season of tough. It led to the snake in the grass thing. It led to two fights with Cody, a big ass giant [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mess. And all of it started when Dwayne decided to leave for Colorado. Number three, Hostage Sanchez. This is the only coach fighter falling out that required a $100,000 payment to take place. So Diego Sanchez was in a real bad way just in life in general at the moment and a week before the fight with Mickey Gaul somehow got hooked up with Joshua Fabia. While Sanchez would win that fight, the next year of his career in the UFC would be an absolute cluster [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And it was in large part because of Fabia and the madness that he wrought. this guy was some kind of guru grifter wannabe and seemingly took over Diego Sanchez's entire life culminating in Diego getting kicked out of the UFC after a bizarre phone call that Fabia had with the brass implying that there might be some sort of lawsuit against the UFC. How bad did things get between Fabia and Sanchez? Listen to Diego here in his episode about this whole thing for Dark Side of the Cage. For me, it was like either this guy was going to kill me or I was going to have to kill him. So, how would it all end? With Fabia recording a video of Sanchez signing away $100,000 to him. Of course, Joshua claimed that Diego had been robbing him this whole time. And so, the money was some kind of payment. Absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nonsense. But hey, it got Diego out of that situation. So, $100,000 well spent. It was the easiest thing to do because I would have done anything to get out of that situation. Number two, the Shamrock family shatters. All right. So, Kin Shamrock formed and was the head coach of the legendary Lion's Den, but he ran the place like an absolute lunatic. And it was his philosophy that essentially destroying every single one of your fighters is the only way to get them prepared for fights. Now, where this leads to conflict is that Ken would do a stint in the WWF and as a result, he would be away from the gym. So, Ken asked his brother Frank, the man he had trained to be a mixed martial artist, if he would oversee the gym in his absence. Frank had a slightly different philosophy than his brother about training. He was a bit more cerebral and that created a bit of tension because Ken felt like it should be balls to the wall 24/7. Things really blew up when Ken saw a fight that Vernon White had in which he sucked ass. Ken blamed his brother Frank for not properly preparing the fighter and they had a big blowup that would end with Ken chucking a computer monitor at his brother's head. Frank would storm out of the gym. And when their adopted father told Frank that he needed to make right with his brother, that was that. Frank would leave the gym and never speak to his adopted father ever again. He wouldn't even attend his funeral. Frank would go on to the UFC and become one of the greatest champions of that early era. The two would somewhat patch things up years later. But yeah, this was about as ugly as it gets. Not only did the team split, but this literally broke a family up. Now, I know what you're thinking, Tommy. How in the world could anything top that? Well, dear viewer, let me present you with number one. Silva's Got a Gun. Yeah. So, considering this is the only entry that includes someone pulling a shotgun, I think that qualifies for the top spot. So, this story comes to us from Anderson Silva's very own Portuguese written autobiography. As it goes, Anderson was early in his career and was giving jiu-jitsu lessons on the side to make a little bit of cash. Shooter box head coach Rafael Cordderero not a fan of this little side gig. And so he called Anderson out in front of the team and things got so heated that he slapped him in the face. Now admittedly a jerk move on Hafel's part. He didn't have to slap the dude in the face, especially not in front of other people. But Anderson's response really escalated things to a new level. According to Silva, he got a couple guys. I don't know what that means. I don't know where he find guys, but he got a couple guys, got some shotguns, and was waiting outside a place to ambush Cordderero. What were they going to do with those shotguns? Your guess is as good as mine, but I know one thing you can do with a shotgun, and it's not very good. As it would turn out, though, while lying in wait, Anderson realized, "Oh, wait a second. This is crazy as shit." And he called the whole ambush off. The two have since reconciled, which is absolutely insane when you think of some of the other stuff I've talked about today. Like, oh, you trained my friend. I don't like that. We're never going to talk again. This dude was going to kill somebody with a shotgun. Any conflict can be worked out clearly. That's the lesson of this entry. And the other lesson is to thank Max Randall for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] incredible edit. The guy absolutely kills it. Follow him on his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. A huge thank you to our channel members. Your support means the world to us. Fight fans, if you want to join, hit the join button. Imagine that. There's one price and exclusive content. Highly recommended. Like and subscribe or Anderson Silva will wait outside for you with a shotgun. Leave a comment about which of these splits is the most ridiculous. And thank you so much for watching. Have a great day, guys. [Music]