Kind: captions Language: en There's a bunch of sayings in mixed martial arts. Should have zigged when you zagged, just got caught, or you're going to be quicker than that. &gt;&gt; How come you just didn't get knocked out? &gt;&gt; When you saw Tyron come at you and you you say you dropped your hands, uh, was there any thought to maybe keeping him up cuz, you know, he's coming at you with the right hand. Obviously, in hindsight, &gt;&gt; and no disrespect to you on that, you know, I'm &gt;&gt; bad media questions aside, what we're talking about today aren't going to be the understandable micro mistake somebody makes in the heat of a battle like that. I mean, that's just part of the game. But instead, we are looking at title fights where a bad decision was consciously made. Like, they had thought about this decision through and continued to do it anyway, resulting in them losing the fight, basically handing that championship gold to their opponent. So, let's look into it. I'm Jason from MMA on Point, and these are 10 times UFC championships were practically given away. Number 10, Sunen versus Silva 2. I'll never forget the feeling of getting off work back in the day, second shift at Target. &gt;&gt; He is so cool, and rushing back home to watch one of my all-time favorite fights live and in the moment. I was a giant Sun-in fan and just could not wait to see this one. And when I turned it on, Sunen was already into the second round and was dominating Silva and doing the unthinkable until, of course, that ill- fated moment in the fifth round where Anderson pulled out perhaps the greatest come from behind victory moment of all time. &gt;&gt; He's Anderson, the Spider Silva. &gt;&gt; But Sunn came so close that the demand for this rematch was through the roof. Nobody did that to Silva in 10 title fights. And in the second fight for Sun in the game plan was again going to plan. He even got full mount in the first round over Silva. And of course Chel was landing on him the whole time. Maybe this would be the time he'd actually pull it off. Silva, of course, though survives and makes it to the second round. A few takedown attempts don't go Sunen's way, which honestly Silva grabbing the shorts is an underrated moment here. Pretty bad. &gt;&gt; Oh god. Oh man. Oh god. But then suddenly Sudden goes for an infamous spinning back fist that misses entirely. But hang on, I said I'm not here to talk about heat of the moment mistakes. Indeed, this actually isn't the moment I'm taking as much an issue with. Instead of diving on an ankle pick, though, or rushing back to his feet trying to go for a single or double leg, instead what Sunen does is actually butts scoot back to the center of the cage and just honestly looks up and stares at Silva. I mean, there are infinite worlds out there, you know? &gt;&gt; He looked like any of us would have looked in that moment. &gt;&gt; He is so cool. &gt;&gt; Just absolutely terrified like a deer in headlights waiting for Anderson to attack. So, Silva lunges in with a knee to the body and the finishing sequence began. I watched this with a bunch of friends back in the day at a house party and we were all pretty let down by the fight cuz it kind of ended with a whimper, especially in comparison to the first fight. But either way, the two guys are legends and let's hope they get that barbecue going one day finally. &gt;&gt; You never come to my house to my barbec. &gt;&gt; Number nine, Dillashaw versus Garbrandt 2. Don't you miss when the Ultimate Fighter Seasons actually used to kind of mean something if not for the athletes? At least the coaches. These days, it's just retired fighters with no rivalry or beef at all. They're just kind of aimlessly coaching for the sake of it. And the fighters aren't necessarily doing much in the UFC either. And of course, much of this rivalry kicked off when two coaches who weren't even fighting each other, but did have much of a rivalry because McGregor just knocked out Uriah Faber's close teammate and Chad Mendes. Well, this was only a couple weeks after that. And yeah, there was a lot of tension leading to McGregor taking a shot at team Alpha male's latest champion. &gt;&gt; And I swear I feel in my body I feel like as free as a female gymnast. That's how good I feel. What do you &gt;&gt; Oh. Um, sorry, not that clip. &gt;&gt; Guys like TJ Dillashaw and you shouldn't be letting him in your cuz he's a snake in the grass and I told you that your face. It was like he he took over your boy ran. &gt;&gt; He's not your boy. Come on. Ain't no boys in here. &gt;&gt; He's not your boy. He turned out to be right, of course, at least in the sense that he would part from the team. Whether that was indeed a snake in the grass moment or just him trying to diversify his coaching staff, something that's heavily debated as a topic to this day. Either way, Cody Garbrandt would be the one to take up team Alpha male's mantle when the TJ stuff went down and it got personal really fast. &gt;&gt; Your daddy is your daddy. Let him talk. He'll be there, baby. &gt;&gt; Horse's mouth did not need TJ or Chris in the back of the head. &gt;&gt; No truth to it. &gt;&gt; None whatsoever. There's truth to it. Just like I don't have a knock I met like I knocked him out and don't have a vision of it. &gt;&gt; The two also got their own season of tough which got really crazy too. And they then had a fight at UFC 217. Literally one of my favorite cards ever. Just a great fight. Dillasha won dramatically. But it was the second fight where you could really look at Garbrandt strategy and start to scratch your head there. Basically, he got into an exchange at the end of round one, trading hooks with TJ. But while TJ was covering up and moving his head out of the way, Garbrandt just pressed forward repeatedly missing with his hooks and just eating Dillashaw's. So, he got sat down. And from here, he wasn't able to fully recover. to which Dillasha would finish him in only a matter of moments. And that's funny because now you look back at the first fight, it actually was kind of the same thing that happened, albeit not repeatedly in such an obvious way, but it was effectively the same combination. So, you would expect Garbrant to be just a little bit more weary of this particular exchange. And all this especially is crazy considering, you know, he is capable of master game plans like what he did against Cruz. I mean, that was frankly one of the most well-ressearched game plans of all time. Of course, Garbrandt would lose in another clunky hook throwing fest to Pedro Munoz the next year. And by the way, I think Amanda Nunees kind of did the same thing with Pñena, but she did at least learn from her mistake in their rematch. &gt;&gt; I I gave birth. &gt;&gt; Number eight, Rousey versus Zinganu. This one always hurts my soul a little bit. If you know the backstory to Cat Zenadu and the things that she overcame to get her title shot, even beating Amanda Nunez just before her goat level streak started. &gt;&gt; When they stopped that fight and you screamed, it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bone chilling, &gt;&gt; dude. &gt;&gt; It's crazy. And it's your practicality and it's your survival and this is the way I get to know myself. &gt;&gt; You'll always have respect for who Zinganu is as a person. She truly looked to be the scariest contender and was one of the only opponents in Rousey's title run back then that really had people hyped. &gt;&gt; I mean, technically Cat has a better record than I do right now. The fight that I wanted the most was Cat. So, um I'm I'm glad that we're actually going to be fighting. I I just know that I have everything it takes to go out there and be champion. &gt;&gt; But the ore of Rousey at the time, I think had her opponents beat before they even started the fight. Especially looking back now, it's not a stretch to say Zinganu definitely had a shot at winning that. And whatever it was in her fight, she clearly decided she would pressure the grappler, maybe giving her a taste of her own medicine, as usually Rousey's the pressure fighter. But bizarrely, her strategy was to just run right at Rousey immediately and getting tied up into a straight arm bar, giving Rousey the fastest win of her entire career in title reign. &gt;&gt; That's an unbelievably disappointing performance for cats and the quickest finish in UFC championship history. It might actually be one of the most depressing post-fight interviews I've ever seen. &gt;&gt; I lost in 14 seconds. I was on the losing side of making history. &gt;&gt; Number seven, Ursk versus Pantosia. The UFC backs themselves into a corner a lot of times with their own bookings, don't they? At UFC 301, obviously after the gigantic 300 card, which featured Brazil's top star Alex Pereira versus Jamal Hill. Well, for little old 301 taking place in Rio de Janeiro the next month, they really didn't have much left to go around for Brazilian stars to headline. But, you know, Pantoia was champion and having relatively few opponents, well, they decided to rush along the surging Steve Ersk who was and I still think is super legit. But, he had only had three fights in the UFC coming off a win over Matt Schnell. great performances, don't get me wrong. But that was a massive, massive jump to a title shot from number 10 in the division at the time. But despite that, he did super well against Pantoia, actually. So close, in fact, that by the fifth round, two of the three judges scorecards officially had it tied up, meaning this final round would decide the winner of the whole fight. Ersg was certainly competitive with Pantosia on the ground, but he was getting edged out when it did hit the mat. And sure enough, as the fifth round started, Ersk was winning these striking exchanges like he had most of the fight. But only about 30 seconds into the round, Ersg initiated a grappling sequence and almost immediately got reversed to which the commentary team became extremely vocal about this mistake. &gt;&gt; Big mistake by getting into those takedowns where he didn't necessarily need to do that. &gt;&gt; No harm, no foul though, it seemed as it got back up to the feet. Ers was again winning the exchanges there before. Yep. Going for another taked down. &gt;&gt; He comes to another taked down and gets reversed. That's a mistake. &gt;&gt; And he didn't manage to get back up after this, losing the entire fight as a result. And while you could definitely argue he did more damage that round and therefore should have won the fight, the fact is all three judges scored it against him. The commentary made it clear that they were thinking of it the exact same way. Yeah, perhaps some weward decisions there for the challenger in round five when it comes to fight IQ &gt;&gt; and not Yeah, it didn't feel like nine takedowns and 19 attempts. Work very hard for a long time to get to this opportunity, this moment. And yeah, &gt;&gt; why did he basically just give Pantosia the win? It was without a doubt the thing that lost him the fight. Number six, Verdoom versus Stipe. Even when heavyweight has actually been great, it's always been a little goofy, hasn't it? you big goof. Even the way Verdoom got the title himself from Cardio Kane because he turned down the option to train at altitude and ironically gassed out against Verdoom. That could have definitely made this list, but that was a little bit more of a fight prep thing more than a fight strategy thing. &gt;&gt; Tell you what, altitude kills &gt;&gt; in this fight though for Burio. Well, yeah, he had everything here. The legendary record with wins over alltime heavyweights like Fedor, Big Nog, and Kane. It was on home soil with just an incredible amount of fans in Curativa, literally 45,000. A record- setting event for the UFC in Brazil. So, he had a massive home vantage as well. God, I miss when the UFC actually cared about doing cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. Monetization, maximizing the value. &gt;&gt; But this fight lasted only about 3 minutes. It was competitive with both guys having moments here and there until Verdoom maybe just got a bit frustrated with Miocas's defense. So he suddenly rushed in and tried to blitz him, but um yeah, he got clobbered with a massive right hand for his efforts. So what does he do after this exchange? Pretty much the exact same thing, but faster and sprinted full pace at Miocic. Only about 3 seconds later, he was out cold. &gt;&gt; I will never forget how silent that Brazilian crowd was. And because of that, you can vividly hear Miocic almost just realizing he won in real time and shouting that he had become the champion. &gt;&gt; I'M A WORLD CHAMP. &gt;&gt; I THINK Mio surprised himself. He jumped over the fence screaming, "I'M A WORLD CHAMP." &gt;&gt; WHAT? WHAT? &gt;&gt; YES, &gt;&gt; that guy. No one thought you could do it. &gt;&gt; I'M A WORLD CHAMP. So yeah, to almost get KO'ed in the first running blitz and survive was bad enough defensively already, but to immediately double down on it and actually get KO running at a faster pace face first at him. Yeah, he basically just gave his chin to Miocic and the world title. You big goof. Number five, Yuri versus Bberg. Okay, this one is a bit of a fresh debate at the moment, isn't it? Let's go ahead and preface this with a few things. One, I'm a big Oldberg fan. He was literally on my prospects list at the beginning of 2023. He wasn't ranked at the time. He's somebody I always thought had the skills to get this far. I am a big fan. I just want to let you guys know I'm not some Yuri fanboy. I'm a fan of both guys. And I think for most people, you probably fit into one of three camps on the outcome of this fight. One, it was because Yuri got cocky and made a mistake. Two, Yuri showed mercy and paid the price. Or three, Berg just did all the right things. And make no mistake whatsoever, Oberg did what so few people would be able to do in the same situation. He deserves credit. And no matter which argument you pick there, one, two, or three, it doesn't matter. And so, how would you go about answering this? Which one of those options is right? Well, consider this. Yuri did repeatedly kick the legs of Berg. So, yeah, that's not the most merciful, wouldn't you say? And yeah, fair enough. &gt;&gt; Cuz I ain't ate. But when Oberg stumbled and fell, as he did at two distinct points, what did Yuri then do? At 2:45 on the time clock, Oberg fells under his own weight on that torn leg. There literally wasn't even a strike landed there. He just fell. So Yuri begins to rush in, but then stops, looks intensely frustrated at the situation, and then actually encourages Berg to get up and recover and continue fighting on the feet. He literally gestures to him to settle down and recover. I don't know if I've ever seen that happen in a fight. Then he actually backs away. No strikes thrown by him for about 8 seconds when Berg is the one that lunges forward with a combination. This actually happens a few more times, although Bberg doesn't fall again until 149 where Bberg's headkick misses and he actually hits the canvas, buckling under his own weight again. Instead of chasing him to the ground, Erie again allows him to get back up. Mind you, he subbed Glover to win the title. He also tried to take down Pereira in both of their title fights. This is somebody who regularly tries to win the fight on the ground and he should have had a massive advantage against Carlos there which he deliberately chose not to take. In a nutshell, in my opinion, whether you feel it's just Yuri being cocky, stepping into boxing range with him and abandoning the leg kicks in those last 10 seconds, Prohaska being merciful and paying the price, or it was just Bberg being extra great, it's a combo of all three in my opinion. Yuri did hesitate and let him back up multiple times where he would have had a distinct advantage on the ground or at least to just attack, do something instead of gesturing to recover and hey, let's fight on the feet. In my opinion, it's a clear fumble on the feet with the mistakes that Yuri made meeting the impeccable timing and skill of Berg. Both are true. Number four, Johnson versus Cormier 2. Ah man, this feels like another sad one. Rumble was the man back in the day and he was at the top of the list for everybody's favorite light heavyweight at the time because he just came in there and slaughtered all of his opponents. He was about as scary as any fighter has ever been and only a few can really surpass him at 205. Even then, it's arguable. Of course, this was their second fight and crucially in the first he had just casually pancake DC with a massive right hand in the first round, but DC was able to overcome that and eventually take his neck in the third round. This meant by the rematch again for the title and happening almost two years later that the strategy here would be incredibly straightforward and one that Rumble had plenty of time to work on. Keep it standing at all cost and look for the opportunity to strike. But somehow just a bit over 30 seconds into the round without having landed a single punch on the champion, Rumble initiated a takedown. Let's be clear here. DC is a former Olympic level wrestler. This was a crazy idea and it certainly was received like a gift from Cormier. DC reversed it and good for Rumble. Big John separated them for inactivity. So what does Rumble then do again? He goes for another takedown. &gt;&gt; Right back to the clinch. This is crazy. Yeah, I do not understand this strategy at all. &gt;&gt; The round ended to be fair with Johnson landing a takedown as the horn sounded. But again at the beginning of the second round he took down DC which DC then reversed took him down got to his back and of course he got the rear naked choke yet again. It is one of the weirdest title challenges and yeah he pretty much gave the fight to the Olympic wrestler on a silver platter here. Exactly what DC wanted to do in this fight. Sadly, this was the last time we'd see Rumble in the octagon as he retired and went on to Bellator a bit before his unbelievably shocking passing in 2022. &gt;&gt; I love you all. I said I love you. &gt;&gt; Number three, Rose versus Asparza 2. The things I do for this channel, man. Re-watching Rose versus Asparza again. Man, this was rough. Rose Namunis really should go down as the greatest straw weight ever. And maybe she still is because she did beat both the other all-time contenders twice in Yana Yon Jek and Jeang Lee. She even finished both of them once each too. But then you look at the fights like this one and man, it really calls into question actually how good Rose's fight IQ could be at the end of the day. Obviously the first fight between them, Rose was much younger. That clearly got into her head here. It was like all she could think about was exclusively defense and what happened in that first fight. She just kept seeing it flashing through her mind and let the fight fade away from her in real time as Carla only did just a little bit more to win the fight. The stats really do tell the story of this one. We're talking singledigit striking in almost every round on both sides. &gt;&gt; This is the stinker of all. &gt;&gt; This is the most weird and I'm so uncomfortable because I have like I don't know who won the fight. &gt;&gt; Weirdly Carla landed less, but at least she was trying to grapple and at least come forward and get in her face. And that's the thing about all this. Rose was clearly the better fighter by the time of this title rematch. It was like she handed the belt to Carlos coach before the fight even started and was determined to lose in the most boring way possible. I hate this fight so much, man. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was a weird fight. Um I I started like zoning out like halfway through it. So &gt;&gt; you hear the crowd booing? Yes. That means that you're right on track. The strategy that you that we've all as a collective team come up with. This is part of it. &gt;&gt; What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was he talking about? Number two, Tank Abbott versus Maurice Smith. Back to heavyweight and way back to the year 1997, this is when the division was just getting started. Smith was just the second UFC heavyweight champion ever and was supposed to fight Dan Sever, but he accepted a fight in Pride for their first show a literal week before and of course he got injured. So Tank Abbott was the guy there to the rescue. And this is really straightforward. You want to talk about a title being handed to somebody? Tank did give it the old college try, so to speak. But I'm not even joking, he was huffing and puffing within 30 seconds of the fight starting. Abbott, though, to be fair, landed pretty well on a clinch exchange, but wasn't able to do much once it did hit the mat, and it was clear he was already super tired. The two finally got stood up by Big John McCarthy after about 5 minutes on the ground, and it was like Tank could barely even stand. Within only about a minute of it being stood back up, he basically gave a look to Big John that said he had had enough. &gt;&gt; Tank doesn't want that anymore. &gt;&gt; He doesn't want anymore. So yeah, to this day, this is the only title fight where an opponent actually quit midfight. &gt;&gt; As of last Saturday, I stepped off a bar stool and I stepped into the box tonight. Haven't been training. I've been partying. &gt;&gt; It almost happened with Nunez versus Pennington, but the coaches didn't let Pennington quit. It was a whole controversy of its own. And real quick before the number one entry, it is worthy of noting that we did consider a ton of entries for this list. Cerrone and RDA is definitely worth considering as Cerrone has a tendency to choke in big fights, but RDA didn't really give him much of a chance regardless. Kenny Florian is also known for choking in the three title fights that he got, but there just wasn't a really bad moment or strategy that you could really point to, at least not like the ones on this list. Cington versus Leon, I think, was just a bit over the hill when they fought, or at least his heart wasn't in the game as much anymore. or there's certainly a bit of choking there, too. It's kind of a combination. It was just a really weird fight. Or you could even look at Rampage versus Griffin and wonder why Rampage didn't check the leg kicks, but you know, it was a really close fight. Not quite as bad as anything on this list. And again, remember, we're not trying to count spur-of the- moment mistakes like Weidman's spinning kick on Rockold or even Rockold's bad defense against Bisping, although that was heavily considered here. I really tried to go beyond someone zigging versus zagging in moments rather than focus on actual decision-making throughout the whole fight. You know, multiple fights or even rapid sequences. Basically, every fight at the end of the day is a zig versus zag moment. So, I wasn't big on that. Oh, and as I've said in previous videos in general, most show budding is just a high-risk, highreward game plan. Anderson Silva, for instance, was trying to bait a counter against Weidman. had successfully done that for seven years as UFC champion and it made him a superstar for pulling it off for so long. Is it all of a sudden dumb the one time it fails? But yeah, as many of you are probably guessing what number one is. The other half of you are probably wondering what could actually top somebody quitting midfight. Well, that's got to be number one. And that is Jan versus Sterling. I think this one has also been compounded massively by the fact that Jan beat Morab to yet again become champion and prove how careless his mistake actually was against Sterling. He belonged in the champions discussion this whole time. And most fall into one of two camps on this. Sterling was either legitimately unable to continue or he had an Oscar worthy performance to convince the officials to stop the fight and award him the belt. What makes it number one for me is just the sheer domination Pure Jan put on Aljo throughout this fight. It was clear he was the better condition fighter too, especially as Sterling began to gas later on. And deep into the fourth round with Jan clearly ahead, Jan suddenly need Aljo on the ground after being explicitly warned by the referee not to do so. And I've looked into the translations in the corner on this. Nobody told him to knee only to strike more generically or outright only to punch as Pahmpa shouted in English. &gt;&gt; OH, JUST PUNCH. JUST PUNCH. Jan need him flushed to the head when he was warned not to do so, putting him out of the fight for real or he gave Ala the opportunity to pretend. That's how Yan got disqualified in a fight he was clearly winning. It was ruled intentional for a reason. He basically grabbed the title, placed it into Aljo's hands himself despite being warned very clearly not to do so. All right, guys. I super appreciate y'all for watching. Massively crazy how this sport plays out sometimes. And obviously, Yuri versus Oldberg was the inspiration for this list. So, I'm super curious to see what everybody else's take on that fight is. Hit me up in the comments. I will try to respond to as many of you as I can. Have an awesome day. In the meantime, I'll catch you on the next video. Peace.