Kind: captions Language: en In cage fighting, there's no guarantee that a victory earns you anything, not even another fight. Sometimes getting to the top requires so many different things to happen the exact right way. Sometimes fighters spend their whole careers trying to get there. And other times, the most perfect scenario lines up and a single victory at the perfect moment moves them into a careering opportunity. Gold, money, and recognition. All because a single perfectly timed victory. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 huge wins that came the exact moment they needed to. Number 10, Warm Spheres. How badly was Derrick Lewis getting beat by Alexander Volkov when he miraculously knocked the Russian out in the waning seconds of their bout at UFC 229? The fight still holds the record for the greatest strike differential ever overcome at minus 82 strikes. And that is at heavyweight. Lewis was about to lose on the main card of the biggest pay-per-view in UFC history. And this was right after he had arguably the worst fight of all time with Francis Inanu. It is amazing how fortunes can change in a moment. Beast right. &gt;&gt; Not only does Dererick get the comeback victory, his postfight interview is the second most viral thing about the whole event. &gt;&gt; My balls was hot. Lewis would find himself in a near immediate title fight after his perfectly timed victory. Since UFC 230 had a main event so bad in balancing the Shvchenko versus Tajari Eubanks, they scrapped it entirely and threw together Lewis versus Daniel Cormier for heavyweight gold on short notice just to save the event from complete disaster. Derrick would come up short, but it ultimately didn't matter. He did the UFC a solid, and in turn, he's had one of the more extended and successful heavyweight careers for a guy that's never held gold. Number nine, old man strength. The media scrum before 45-year-old Dan Henderson's bout with Hector Lumbard at UFC 199 was pretty much exclusively about retirement. &gt;&gt; Like I said, this could actually be the last fight. So, it's I have no time in mind. I could fight if I wanted to for 2, 3 years, but I don't think I want to fight for that long. &gt;&gt; Hindo was a legend, but the years had not been kind to him. Heading into the Lumbard fight, Dan had lost six of his last eight going back three years. Hector's career was in a rough spot, too. So, it was the perfect fight to give a guy that wanted to stay active, but wasn't really relevant anymore. Dan would be in big trouble in the first round, but then in the second score an insane back elbow knockout on one foot. UNBELIEVABLE. THE victory was shocking, but everybody afterwards knew the score. Rogan thanked him for his amazing career. Dan said that might have been it, but of course it was not because main eventing that night would be his old rival Michael Bispine, who would defy all odds and win the title against Luke Rockold, setting up a retirement championship bout for Hendo, despite being ranked 13th in the division, all off the momentum of that Lumbard KO. Number eight, Lego Champion. Every fight imaginable was supposed to headline UFC 256 besides Davis and Figero defending his flyweight title. He had just done so 21 days earlier. In fact, the card was originally meant to be Camaro Usman versus Gilbert Burns, but the champ needed to recover from an injury. Then it was going to be Amanda Nunez versus Megan Anderson. The champ also pulled out with an injury. Then it was going to be Pota Jan versus Aljo, but Jan ended up having travel issues. The UFC was running out of options. Lucky for them, Brandon Mareno had an incredibly lucky, perfectly timed victory weeks prior on the prelims of the very card that Figgy defended his gold. Mareno was meant to fight Alex Perez, the guy who ended up getting the title shot that night. But when Cody Garbrand had to pull out of the original main event, Perez was bumped up and Brandon Roy Val was brought in on short notice for Moreno. Brandon Moreno could just never quite seem to get to the top. He lost on tough to got cut after backto-back losses that then brought him back only to draw with Ascar Ascarov. And you have to remember Flyweight was potentially on the chopping block. &gt;&gt; A couple of years ago, we were actually talking about getting rid of the division. So Moreno, who wasn't particularly popular as a title contender, was a lot less appealing than a Cody Garbr brand that a people knew. But with nowhere left to turn on three weeks, the UFC went with Moreno, who'd just caught a huge break in the first round of his prelim fight under Figgy's main event title defense when Roy V's shoulder came out of socket leading to the finishing sequence. &gt;&gt; I think his shoulder is out of socket. Look at his arm. An issue that can often be resolved between rounds. But Roy V didn't make it to the horn. So for Brandon, it was double your pleasure, double your fun. Perfectly placed fight, perfectly timed shoulder injury for his opponent. They booked Brandon and Figgy, and the pair would have a fight that completely reinvigorated the division. &gt;&gt; People are calling it the greatest fight in the in in the history of the division. &gt;&gt; You know what's the best thing to happen to flyweight post Demetrius Johnson. These two guys making their fights must see TV around this weight class. Number seven, Jonesing for Yan. The week after Jon Jones versus Dominic Reyes, all anybody was talking about was who they thought actually won and when there was going to be a rematch. &gt;&gt; I think he does, too. You'd be crazy not to think he deserves a rematch. &gt;&gt; The UFC's next card the following weekend just so happened to take place in Rio Rancho, essentially in JBJ's backyard. And sure enough, he would be in attendance right there in the front row. The headliner for the fight night card would be a rematch between the surging Cory Anderson, there's levels to this, who was ranked number five, and Yan Blahhovich, who was coming off a split decision victory over number 12 Shakare. And in his first encounter with Anderson, got downright embarrassed. Which is to say that given what happened the weekend previous and where he was currently, nobody was talking about Yan versus Jon. That was until Lhovich KO'ed Anderson in the very first round right there in front of Johnny Bones and immediately stared at the champ. You are next. Jones could not have been more interested in Blovic. Listen to him talking to Jason. Yeah, Jason was there talking to JBJ. &gt;&gt; After I beat Yakovic, you know, I don't really know who the UFC is going to present to me. Maybe a Reyes uh rematcher. If we don't rematch, I'm fine with that, too. I feel like I won the fight. Definitely won round three, four, and five. I feel good about about the fight. At the end of the day, I can't control what the judges see or what they say. Um, but I do think they made the right call. &gt;&gt; It was pretty clear that Jones was very interested in moving on from the Reyes really beat me narrative. And so, Jan was the perfect new focus. But we know now that the Jones Reyes rematch was in the works at one point before Jon eventually decided to vacate and move to heavyweight. And so, Jan was given a crack at the vacant gold against Reyes and became champion. But had he not had that huge win and JBJ hadn't shot the idea of him fighting for the title to the moon that night, it's no guarantee he gets that chance. Number six, a big break. You want to know where Joshua Van was? When he took a short notice fight with former title challenger Brandon Roy Ball, he wasn't even in the top 10. Van was ranked number 12 and he would be going up against rankings number one. The fight was meant to be Minnel Cop, but the thing kept falling apart and this time it fell apart 3 weeks before the show. Van answered the call and so was suddenly thrust into a position where he could potentially jump the entire division with a victory on the same card the champ would be defending his title just like the Moreno situation from the other entry. And oh my god, Van and Roy Ball put on a certified banger. The most significant strikes ever landed in a three round bout. It was awesome and Van ended it in emphatic fashion with a knockdown. It could not have gone any better. The judges cards agreed and Van had suddenly beat the number one contender and found himself in a bout for gold at just 23 years old. About he would win in 26 seconds when Pantosia would break HIS OWN ARM. &gt;&gt; AN ARM injury to Pantoia &gt;&gt; and Joshua is the champ. &gt;&gt; Talk about right place, right time. Number five, the gall on Mickey. If I wrote a script for a film where Dana White just happened to be at a fighter's professional debut bout on some regional card and signed that fighter to the UFC, you'd tell me that was the shittiest, sappiest, worst, most unbelievable writing you'd ever read. And yet, Mickey Gaul exists. Dana White was a dead serious MMA 17 for his Looking for a Fight series, looking for a guy who was in fact not at all Mickey Gaul. Mick was literally making his pro debut. But seeing an opportunity with DFW being one of like 15 people in attendance, he called out CM Punk in his postfight interview. &gt;&gt; CM has a has a an opponent, but I would love to fight THAT MAN. CM PUNK. &gt;&gt; Probably the only UFC fighter someone could call out with the single professional victory he just earned that wouldn't get you laughed out of the room. Dana probably thought it would make for a good episode of this show and signed G up for a fight with Mike Jackson to see who would get the honors of welcoming Phil Brooks to Combat Sports. it would end up being Mickey and the dude fought from then to 2024 in the UFC. I'd say that's one hell of a perfectly timed victory. Number four, resurrection. If there's ever an example of a win being so perfect that it can turn your entire career around, it's Jorge Mazvdoll's victory over Darren Till. Despite his longtime veteran status, unless you were a regular watcher, you had no idea who Gamebred was. No casual fan knew Mazvidal. And at the time of the Till fight, he was gone a year and a half almost off backtoback losses. He was doing a reality show. This was Darren's first fight off that disastrous title challenge against Tyron Woodley and it was in London. This was meant to be a big time rebound for an up and cominging star. This was a showcase and Jorge was the perfect veteran for Till to get some momentum back against. &gt;&gt; What a finish MASSIVE KNOCKOUT WIN. &gt;&gt; THE SECOND ROUND KO was downright shocking. Sure, Woodley submitted till but he was the world champion. Mazvdoll's win felt like it came out of nowhere. Now, that alone was enough to cause a stir. But what sent Jorge into rare air was dusting up Leon Edwards backstage live on ESPN and then giving Brett Okamoto an all-time classic interview about it. &gt;&gt; You're not going to get a hit off me, you know, so I had to get him the three-piece with the soda. &gt;&gt; Mazdall would of course double down on his new hotness with the greatest KO in UFC history. It really is funny how fast things can change in this sport. Number three, Shogun Huan. There was a strong argument in 2007 that Shogun Hua was the number one light heavyweight in the world, period. Over Rampage, the UFC champion, over Chuck and Vandy, everybody. Shogun's Pride FC run was essentially flawless, but for a freak injury in the first minute against Mark Coleman, unbeaten, 11 finishes in 13 fights. The 2005 Pride Middleweight GP winner. And this wasn't like Vandy, who had come over and was just a bit past the sell by date, who was 25 years old, and everybody thought he was the future of the sport at 205 lbs. Forest Griffin on the other hand was the lovable tryhard that won tough. That really was where he was at and how he was perceived at that point. His two big bouts in the UFC, Tito Ortiz and Keith Jardine, he lost. He was hugely popular and his never stop style fans loved, but nobody in their right mind thought he was going to beat Shogun. Hua was a massive gift for the UFC in the Pride acquisition. Make no mistakes, this was a showcase bout. This was a chance for Hua to introduce himself to an American audience against a fighter they loved. And then Griffin wore Shogun out and took HIS NECK. HE PUT IT OVER GRIFFIN HAS DEFEATED SHOGUN. IT WAS SO FAR beyond expectation. An alltime upset. Griffin was the right guy at the right place at the right time. Nobody comes into the UFC anymore as arguably the number one guy. The win was so incredible that it immediately shot Griffin to the top in a title challenge where he would again do the unthinkable and dethrone Rampage Jackson. guy was on a legendary one-year run. Number two, down for the count. By 2015, there was literally not a single soul thinking about a Michael Bispine title run besides maybe Michael Bispine. And you know, by that point, who knows if even he believed he was coming up on a decade in the UFC and fell short in every major fight that could have led him to a title bout. Rashad Evans, Dan Henderson, Chale Sun, Vtor Belelffort, Luke Rockold. Quite simply, Bispine could not win the big one. In early 2016, Mike was set for an undercard bout on the London Fight Night against Gegard Masasi, who was coming off his shocking upset KO loss to Uriah Hall. But then, quite actually, Christmas came for Bispine. On December 24th, it was announced that he would instead be headlining against Anderson Silva for his return bout after the Nick Diaz suspension. The pair would put on a classic, one that Bisby nearly lost via stoppage, but he survived. He earned the UD, the biggest win of his career at that point by a huge margin. It shoots him into the top five at middleweight and sets him up to replace Chris Weidman short notice against Luke Rockold when Jacare can't make the date and the rest is history. Michael Big is the champion. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Number one, the real money fight. The last time we'd seen Nate Diaz in the cage prior to his 2015 bout with Michael Johnson was a whole year earlier and it was hands down the worst fight of his entire career. He showed up 4 12 lbs over and got the absolute brakes beat off him for 15 minutes by Rafael do Sanos. It was not even remotely competitive. It just didn't look like there was anywhere for Nate's career to go anymore. Back in 2012, he'd earned a title shot and failed miserably against Benson Henderson, then got demolished by Josh Thompson. His win over Grey Mater got fans excited again, but then he left for a whole year and showed back up to get smashed by RDA. So, we are essentially talking two full years of career stagnation. &gt;&gt; He doesn't pull good numbers. He's nowhere near a title fight and he doesn't move the needle. &gt;&gt; Then he shows up and pieces up Michael Johnson. It is vintage Nate, pointing and laughing the whole way. It was a fantastic win on a Fox main card, no less. But of course, his mic time afterwards would sew the seeds for his stardom. &gt;&gt; Conor McGregor, you're taking everything I work for, mother. I'm going to fight you. While many were skeptical that Nate would ever get a fight as big as Connor, when champion RDA dropped out on short notice, the UFC came calling and Diaz turned himself into a household name. &gt;&gt; OH MY GOODNESS, WHAT A NIGHT, LADIES and gentlemen. &gt;&gt; Hey, I'm not surprised, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Just like the editor of this video, Max Randall, please show him some love on his socials. Go check out his awesome YouTube channel and give him a money fight with Conor McGregor. Thank you so much to our channel members. You guys are freaking awesome. Your support means the world, guys. Hit the join button. Become a member as well. Get some exclusive content. You know you want to like and subscribe because this is the best damn MMA channel on the planet. Feel free to discuss the video in the comments below. I love reading it. And thank you kindly for watching. I'll see you next time.