Kind: captions Language: en When you sign up for a UFC fight, you aren't just agreeing to show up in the octagon and face someone on a certain date. There's a whole other battle that comes first. And for some fighters, it's even harder than the actual MMA fight. I'm talking about making weight. Weight classes were invented for a good reason. But since then, it's a system that countless fighters have abused, trying to cut as much weight as possible to be bigger than their opponent on fight night, or in some cases, just not being disciplined enough in training camp. Unfortunately, the UFC take it pretty seriously when you misweight and there are several fighters who either broke that rule or broke it one too many times and ended up getting fired/cut/dropped from the UFC. I'm Bailey from MMA on point and today we're looking at 10 weight misses so bad the UFC immediately cut them. Number 10, Alexis Defrain. Signed as a top undefeated 5-0 prospect with all first round finishes, Alexis had the whole division open for her to enjoy. except well there wasn't really a UFC women's featherweight division. And this girl had fought as high as 150 lbs on the regional scene. And in her next fight just 5 months later, Alexis's UFC debut she was expected to make 135. She hit the scales at 143 miles off to be honest. And worse than that, she was beaten by Sarah Cheesecake Morris, who took her to a decision. Honestly, terrible debut and first impression from Defrain, especially as this killer prospect. The UFC then gave her plenty of time six months before her next fight to get things under control, but booked against Marian Renault at UFC 182, she got closer, but &gt;&gt; 138. &gt;&gt; And man, did she look sad about it. Marian though spared no mercy and took all three rounds. Well, that was it for Alexis. She was not going to get another chance. She missed weight in every UFC fight she was offered. To be fair, if you look at her career, she's never made bantamweight. Not once. So, I don't think it was going to happen for her. In fact, her next flight she also pulled out of because she couldn't make weight in Bellator, but she was pregnant to be fair this time around and she found out. They even put that on her tapology as well. Number nine, Dennis Hullman. Not many people have their entire careers reduced to a meme, okay? But unfortunately for Dennis Hman, well, he should never have worn those speedos. Dennis throughout the mid-200s got several calls to come compete in the UFC. He was in and out starting as early as when he fought Jensen's pole for the UFC lightweight title back in 2001, and then 10 years later, he was still knocking around. Now, in this maybe his fifth UFC stint in 2010, Dennis, you know, wasn't doing amazingly. He got KO'ed by Doomsday Howard, but then he beat Ben Sorders and Kyle Parisian, but then Hman did something very, very silly. One of his mates, not sure which one, bet him to wear a very tight pair of Speedos at the UFC 133 weigh-ins. &gt;&gt; I lost a bet and my buddy, he was going to have to sleep with a 68-year-old lady. &gt;&gt; Not only did he wear the Speedos on fight night, but he also ended up getting TKO'ed by Brian as well, who got a 70k bonus for doing it. Dana Wise's reaction to the whole thing was priceless. &gt;&gt; I'd call it disgusting. That was disgusting. It It will never happen again. I can guarantee you that. I seriously gave Ebersaw the the the bonus for getting that off television as fast as possible. &gt;&gt; Pretty crazy thing to just cut someone for speedos, but Hman missed weight in his next fight against John McDesi, coming in three lb over. Now, Dennis had occasionally struggled throughout his career, but the UFC immediately cut him for missing, and that was the reason given and reported by the media. But of course, we all know that it probably had more to do with those speedos. Number eight, Ephrain Escadero. Once the Ultimate Fighter was mustwatch weekly TV, but now it probably gets less viewers than a Nina Drama interview. Just facts, honestly. Back in 2008, just 3 years after Tough had saved the UFC, season 8 was getting started. And blazing through everyone was this phenom Efra Escadero. 10-0, tons of first round submissions, seven wins by choke. He stormed through the show and won in the finale, beating Felipe Nova. He genuinely looked like a problem in the division, but he had another problem. Yeah, you guessed it. Cake. He couldn't stop eating it. Well, no. I mean, just just his weight. But when you win tough, you get a six-f figureure contract, which means multiple fights. I mean, this has been explained as up to nine fights by bloody elbow. But this prize of a six-f figure deal with the UFC did nothing to save Fra's UFC career when it went south. Escadero got the UFC treatment immediately as well because he was a Mexican-born fighter, a key market Dana White had been looking to tap into. They even took him on media tours for this very reason, putting a lot of promotion behind this guy. After going 3-1 in his first year in the UFC, however, he made a massive blunder. Booked to face Charles Olivera, he came in 4 lb over the limit. Dana spared him no mercy and according to media also at a time when he was cracking down on weight misses, he brutally cut Ephine on the spot. He &gt;&gt; comes in overweight. I think that that he got comfortable. I just don't think Efron has gone after it since winning the Ultimate Fighter. I mean, this kid had it all. You see Bud Light stamped all over his shorts. You know, we had him out on these huge media tours. &gt;&gt; Another tough winner, okay, right around this time for comparison. M Danzig, remember that guy? He stayed on that six-f figureure contract and he even lost five of seven UFC fights at one point and he still wasn't cut. Number seven, Zalbra to Hugo. While some fighters are treated pretty harshly in this video, Tahhugof actually got a ton of second chances. joined the UFC as the Fight Knights global champion at 14 and three and off a spinning back kick made him a tasty prospect. That and he was a member of Habib Nuga Maidoff's team and had three straight wins in the UFC after that to prove that he was pretty fairly good. But after just one loss, well, everything started to fall apart. At 198, he got a high-profile match up against a young undefeated Anato who took a split decision. Now, he was later rebooked in the year, but USADA suddenly announced they suspended him for failing a drug test. Now, this was that era where everyone was just getting a two-year ban right away. We didn't see him in the UFC for two years, and he wasn't cut during that time. Then, crazy enough, his next fight was canceled because of the brawl at UFC 229 between McGregor and Habib. Yeah, if you don't know, Tugov was actually in the cage, one of the guys throwing punches at Connor. But once again, okay, to Hugo, he got another chance despite that. But this just goes to show how much the UFC care about you missing weight, doesn't he? Because that's what breaks the camel's back here. He draws with Lauron Murphy. Okay, then he beats Kevin Aguilar in the first round. And then he's booked against Hakee Dadu at featherweight, but he missed by a whole ass four pounds. &gt;&gt; 150 &gt;&gt; 150 pounds for Suba Tug, four pounds over the featherweight limit. &gt;&gt; Problems continued there though. Matched up with Lucas Almeida in 2022, who was pulled from the fight the day before because of a botched weight cut to get to featherweight again. He was rebooked then the following year against Elvis Brener, this time at lightweight. But even upper weight class, this was the one that really mattered. And this was the weight cut that ended his UFC career. 157 and A2 157 and A2 &gt;&gt; And to Hugo was a minus 650 favorite in that fight as well. He'd lost his third split decision against Brena and the UFC immediately cut him after two first round KOs, five wins and three terribly failed weight cuts. Number six, Manny Bermudez. Nicknamed the Bermudez Triangle. Genius. Manny finished nearly half of his 11-0 record with triangle chokes before in his UFC debut. He went in and also subbed Albert Morales in the second round. And before the year was over, he faced perennial contender Davy Grant and locked in his signature Bermudez triangle. Now at 13 and0, Manny was looking great as a new bantamweight prospect. But then again, he completely apparently forgot how to make weight. Spoiler. Okay, he never makes weight again. Manny got a spot on the first ESPN card against Bonito Lopez. I actually found an old vlog he made for this. And man, is he thinking about food all the time. &gt;&gt; How good does that taste? &gt;&gt; Sad. &gt;&gt; But also, man, does this footage look bad in hindsight. If you're really serious about, you know, getting your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together and being a real athlete, you need Rice Krispies. 50K, please. Please give me that 50K. &gt;&gt; They even documented the whole weight cut, which started fine, but takes a dark turn. &gt;&gt; To be the burrito, you must become the burrito. &gt;&gt; 1 140. The fight went ahead and Manny would however go out and get another submission win in just three minutes going 14-0 and even calling out fellow undefeated bantamweight Shaun Ali. &gt;&gt; I'd like to keep on fighting bantamweight undefeated prospect. So I'm looking at Ali. &gt;&gt; He addressed the weight but brushed it off as if it would never happen again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Know we were just trying out a different method of how to do it. You know every time you just want the easiest weight cut possible and uh you know we messed up. There's no sugar coating it. booked against Casey Kenny though on the 241 pay-per-view later in the year and well he was four pounds over &gt;&gt; was supposed to be a bandweight bout is now 140 pound catch weight UFC's decision they felt they were putting way too much weight &gt;&gt; the UFC gave Manny another chance but insisted he fight up at featherweight instead of bantamweight but I don't know if it's something fighters take for granted or they assume they can be a bit lazier because &gt;&gt; 148 &gt;&gt; Manny had missed again by two pounds this time but it was three fights in a row and he missed off for weight loss. He would go on to get submitted in the first round by Charles Rosa as well. And at 14-2, a young 25 years old, all the potential in the world, got immediately cut from the UFC. He then fought outside the UFC at lightweight and missed weight again and hasn't fought since. Number five, Rayborg. He came into the UFC at 6 and0, but for Ray Borg, nothing seemed to go right for him. Although he went on an initial win streak with two performance of the night bonuses, he then missed weight way back in 2015 at flyweight in just his fourth UFC fight. And yeah, it was a sign of things to come. Matched up with Ian McCall and then just 3 days before that fight, he pulled out with an illness, an undisclosed one that left him hospitalized, but apparently it wasn't weight cut related, but based on how the rest of his UFC career goes, I mean, it was later reported that it was weight cut related by MMA Junkie. Next, he was given a spot on a pay-per-view where he missed weight against Louis Smoker as well that ended up as a catchweight after Ray hit the scales at 129.4. fans were already complaining about it and he said they don't understand what it's like. Still, he wasn't made to move up a weight class yet. In fact, after just one more win, he got a title shot against Demetrius Johnson. But then the day before the fight once again, Borg had to pull out with an illness. He got sick during fight week and during the weight cut, although he tweeted out in frustration that it wasn't related to that. But, I mean, almost every YouTube comment from fans on that interview complained that it was a weight issue and he should take control of it. And the UFC felt the same. They made him go up to bantamweight after that fight and he came in again against Casey Kenny over the limit making it four fights now he had had issues and of course it only sadly continued the following year he missed weight again at flyweight against Bonerin had to pull out against Morab and then one final incident led to his exit booked against Nate Manis he once again pulled out fight week citing personal reasons he was immediately dropped from the UFC and he later spoke to MMA fighting to reveal that yeah it was the weight cuts all along he explained that he was never really disciplined would have to cut down from 160 to 125, admitting it was really unhealthy. He also said he didn't train outside of being booked for a fight, so he never stayed in shape. Ultimately, he only played himself. Number four, Brian Battle. These days, winning the Ultimate Fighter goes pretty much unnoticed. I'm not sure what happened, but we as a community just stopped caring, apparently. Maybe because we're 30 seasons in, Brian Battle was a bit of an exception to this. He won tough 29, but it wasn't until he head kicked Tekashi Sato that people put him down as a prospect with a badass name. Brian Battle actually had a pretty good UFC career, which is why I've put him so high up this list, 71 and one. and five of them were finishes. But Brian had another battle. He was constantly dealing with his weight. First became apparent in 2023 where he missed it welterweight against Gabriel Green, but then KO'ed the guy in 14 seconds. So, I think people just forgot. He got a pay-per-view spot against Randy Brown, but once again stepped on the scales over &gt;&gt; 175. &gt;&gt; Didn't seem to affect him again too much. It was becoming a bit of a pattern though that was affecting his opinion in the UFC's eyes. And then in 2025, Brian made it three consecutive years in a row of missing weight. 190. &gt;&gt; He'd been given another chance this time at middleweight, but still came in 4 lb over. And when you get a second chance in another weight class and still miss, man, does it look really bad. &gt;&gt; I'm getting older and my body just can't do the things that it used to do. You know what I'm saying? Like I didn't come in that much heavier than I did for the last fight. So, you know, I thought it was going to be a piece of cake. We got up at about 5:00. I lost a pound in like the first 40 minutes, but we spent like 5 hours, you know, but I was sweating the whole time, but I just wasn't sweating a lot. And I, you know, I lost about another pound over the course of the next four hours. &gt;&gt; Sounds like Brian had tried to do what he could, but most believed it was also a discipline issue. &gt;&gt; Man, the last two or so weeks, last couple months, the last year has been chaotic, man. And there's a lot of people being nasty. Seen a lot of people's true colors. &gt;&gt; The UFC though decided enough was enough and cut Brian, telling ESPN it was because of consecutive weight misses. And Brian wasn't even that surprised. I definitely knew that it was a possibility and you know it was justified. But I'm not going to lie, I thought I did think that they weren't going to cut me, but that's what happened. You know what I'm saying? And that's a result of my own actions. &gt;&gt; At 29 years old with only one loss in the UFC, his dreams were shut down because of missing weight. Number three, Aspen Lad. Bursting on the scene from Invicta, Aspen Lad entered the UFC at 5-0. She looked like the new breed of women's bantamweight, but really quickly, everything fell apart. This is where I'll direct you to her topology page, and you can see how many fights fell out. booked against Leslie Smith. Lad came in two pounds over and Smith being a vet said, "I'm not even going to fight her." Lad apparently even offered her five grand, but she still said no. A little hiccup, but it was about to get much worse. Aspen then proceeded to have some truly awful weight cuts. Matched up with the former champ Germaine Duran. I honestly don't know how this fight was allowed to happen. &gt;&gt; And then she got KO'ed in 16 seconds. During 2020, three of her fights were canceled in a row because of injuries. But when she finally made it to fight week against Macy Shaon, she stepped on the scales yet again. Way over. &gt;&gt; Booked to face Sarah McMahon in August, she withdrew from health reasons. And then when it was rebooked a month later, &gt;&gt; official weigh 138 lbs for Aspen L. &gt;&gt; It was three misses in the UFC and some seriously bad weight cuts. The fight with Sarah was also cancelled again and Aspen was cut from the UFC immediately. &gt;&gt; No, we we tried to tried to work with her. She's a great kid, but part of the uh the job is making weight. I mean, she's she's not made weight so many times. It just it had to happen. &gt;&gt; Number two, Rumble Johnson. It was immediately clear in the UFC Anthony Johnson was going to have some trouble making weight. For starters, look at the size of the bloke for a welterweight. Not just stacked, but 6'2 as well, just 23 years old, destroying his body to make 170. Against Rich Clemente at UFC 76, he missed weight by a whole 6 lb. And against Yoshida, this time he was 5 over and he was massive. &gt;&gt; Anthony Rumble Johnson is gigantic. He looks like a 205 pounder. But after this one, some fans were already calling him a weight bully, and he didn't get a bonus that night because of it. But he told Media at the time he was dropping down from 220 lb, freaking 50 lb, bro. This size difference, though, could not continue, and it showed again in his next fight. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the biggest 170 lb man on the planet. &gt;&gt; After this, many MMA media articles were all kind of reporting the same thing, that Rumble was clearly way bigger than his opponent. And after fans and media had been suggesting for months a UFC booked Rumble at 185 lbs instead. But even with the leeway of the new weight class, he couldn't hit the limit. There's still a clip of Dana telling Vtor Bell backstage. &gt;&gt; Anthony Johnson is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] far from making weight. It's not even funny. &gt;&gt; Rumble hit the scales at 197 pounds and you could tell Dana White and the Brass were immediately pissed on stage. Apparently, it had been an issue with his leg which required him to get an IV, but he weighed in the next morning at 204.2 lb and was still allowed to fight Vtor. It was a mustwin situation for Rumble and he lost. Rumble just kind of gassed, probably because of the weight cut and the fact he couldn't rehydrate overnight to make the limit. And Dana told ESPN that he was going to be immediately cut. He said, "Rumble Johnson did the damage to himself. To be that unprofessional, to not comment on weight, and to be that far off, now you went to 185 so you wouldn't have trouble making weight, and this is your worst cut ever. It's a detriment to himself." He was caught, but Rumble rededicated himself to the sport at light heavyweight and made his way back to the UFC, even earning two UFC title shots. And he never missed weight again. And number one, Nico Montano. In 2017, a new season of women's tough kicked off. I wouldn't say Nico was looked at as one of the most dangerous but she beat all three girls she faced and was heading for a spot in the finale and it was in fact her opponent Sajara Eubanks who ended up hospitalized because of weight cut complications. Nico would beat Roxan Modery and claimed the vacant and new flyweight title but she would never defend it. In fact, her whole career then fell apart and it was the only time she would ever make 125 pounds in the UFC. She was booked in her first defense against Valentina Chevchenko, people who a lot of fans and media thought would be the champion. But the weight cut in fight week went terribly and she ended up hospitalized. The fight was of course canceled and Dana was basically furious and stripped Nico off her championship belt before she even got to defend it. &gt;&gt; She didn't make weight and she was so far overweight that she couldn't even get close. So the way that this works now is the title is vacated. &gt;&gt; There were some fans though that said she was so scared of facing Val she intentionally missed weight. She said it was because of a broken foot tonsillitis, but she checked in for fight week at 144 lb. basically 20 lb over where she needed to be. She even said it was related to having to make weight on the show so many times, saying she was metabolically impaired. But she also basically dismissed Valentina as a legit title challenger months ago. &gt;&gt; Like, I'm not scared. Like, I'm absolutely not scared, but I definitely think that they should be able to show what they can do at 25 before getting a chance to fight for a title. &gt;&gt; Chef Chenko thought she was completely delusional and was indeed scared and correctly predicted she would never make it to the fight. If you are not ready to fight, if you are don't want to fight, you just have to leave the belt. &gt;&gt; In an effort to rebuild her career, Montano took a fight at 135 with Juliana Pena and just looked completely outsized and was outworked. She then across the next 5 years had matches fall out due to injury or health complications all at bantamweight when she finally made it to fight week in 2021. 5 years since being stripped and only one fight in that time, Nico stepped on the scale and missed by more than she'd ever had. official weight 143 lbs for Nico Monto. Sadly, it was seven pounds over and the UFC not surprisingly immediately cut her and she never fought again in MMA. All right, so there you go. 10 UFC fighters cut for missing weight. Okay, I'm just trying to report the history here. All right, I wasn't trying to be too harsh on anybody. This is just stuff that happened. All right, big shout out to Luke Taylor. Thank you for editing this one. Luke, if you appreciate him, guys, want to say thank you. Check out his YouTube channel, Charlie and Luke. They do fun things and fun videos and he's a fun guy. Thank you all channel members. We appreciate the extra support you guys give us. If you want to join them, guys, get access to the writers meeting. Subscribe to the channel membership. The buttons down below, okay? You can do some cool stuff. Get early access to the videos as well. Like it. Give us a like, a comment, and subscribe if you enjoyed the video as well, guys. Appreciate that. Um, I've been Bailey. Thank you very much for watching. All right. I appreciate you coming here. Hope you enjoyed this top 10. I'm out of here. I'll see you in the next one.