Kind: captions Language: en At UFC 327, the 28th ever vacant title bout in the promotion's history will take place between Yuri Prohaska and Carlos Oldberg for the light heavyweight strap. Those two have some mighty big shoes to fill considering that Poeton is such a beloved champion. In fact, you might say that him up in leaving the division, he immediately degrades the title somewhat considering Yuri's losses to him and Bberg's yet unproven status. But far worse title degradations have come in the UFC from vacancies. I assure you, let me tell you about them. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point. These are 10 vacant title fights that immediately downgraded the championship. Number 10. Gosh darn it. For many, Jeang Lee's six title victories at strawweight make her the greatest the division has ever had. I know there's some debate there, of course, but the point is she's certainly in the conversation. Jong's second run with the title began in 2022. And she would go on to defend the strap three times in a row against solid opponents in Amanda Lamos, Yan Shiaan, and Tatiana Suarez before vacaking the gold to move up to flyweight for a super fight against Valentina Chevchenko. That did not go her way, but that's another story for another time. &gt;&gt; Jan Wley, she looks small, you know, in this fight. In Wayley's absence and with her having knocked off a fighter that many thought would dethrone her and start a new era at 115 in Suarez, the UFC would book Mackenzie Durn, who was on a two-ight win streak, but had also lost three of her last six. And the woman who very likely would have been Why's next challenger, Vera Janderoba, who was on a fiveight run at the time. Even still, I don't think many considered a potential Jenderoba way title bout to be one that might be division defining. And so when Durn would earn a UD over Verer to take the strawweight division's vacant title, even though it was a hell of a fight, it felt just a bit hollow. Dur is someone the UFC wants to be champion. She's popular and marketable, but since entering the UFC in 2018, even with her insane credentials on the mat, she hadn't quite lived up to her potential. Maybe she's in her prime, 7 years into her UFC run now, and will be a long-running champion. But it very much felt like she could never quite get over the hump against the division's best. So to see her with gold because Jeang left, she's going to need to prove herself still even though she's champion. Number nine, 185 pre-ranklin. Bora Bustamante would be the first man to defeat Matt Lynland. In fact, he would beat him twice on the same night when John McCarthy missed the first time Lynland tapped. Given his pedigree as an Olympian and his undefeated status, it was a huge victory and a great first middleweight title defense. But Bamante would leave the UFC immediately afterwards and head to Japan, leaving the title vacant after he was stripped. It would remain that way for over 2 years. Nothing like introducing a division to your promotion and then giving up on it after a year. I guess by 2005 they figured since tough worked they better get more titles to headline events. And so Evan Tanner versus David Terrell was made. Terrell was Johnny come lately. He had a stellar jiu-jitsu pedigree and KO'ed Matt Lland in 24 seconds in his debut. So he was given the vacant title opportunity. Tanner was a longtime player but couldn't ever quite get gold at 205. So he moved down to 185 where beating Phil Bron twice, a second time because Bron didn't like the first stop and beating Robbie Lawler coming off his KO loss to Nick Diaz put him in this championship bout. &gt;&gt; He's on a roll. He is the man at 185 lbs right now. Evan Tanner &gt;&gt; Terrell would come out like a bat out of hell and find himself on his back getting pummeled. The fight was over in less than a round. &gt;&gt; She put it on David Terrell 2 minutes into the fight. He just jumped on and just never came off and never gave a kid a second to breathe. A few months later, Tanner would cough the gold up to Rich Franklin, and he would never see another championship bout. Terrell would have one more pro fight ever and end his career at 6-2. It would be Franklin that finally elevated the division to a status worthy of the other major UFC titles. &gt;&gt; When mixed martial arts was misunderstood, Rich Franklin was a great example of what a mixed martial artist really was. &gt;&gt; Number eight, heavyweight mess. The heavyweight division has notoriously been a mess for almost its entire history. Even in the early days, Randy Couture with SCG vacated the title when they couldn't pay him the money. They literally said they would pay him on his contract. So Randy went to Japan and as a result, Boss Routin fought Kevin Randleman for the vacant gold. Routin would earn the victory somewhat controversially &gt;&gt; and we fought. I did win that fight, right? &gt;&gt; There were judges. Three judges. Two judges were for me, one was for you. Ta. You do the math. Who was the winner there? &gt;&gt; Ruden was planning on a weight class job, so he vacated the gold. He would end up retiring instead, but that's neither here nor there. A few months later, and only 6 months after he'd been defeated by Boss, Randleman would get another shot at the vacant heavyweight title, this time against Pete Williams, and he would be successful. But with it being another vacant title fight, we were two legitimate champions who hadn't lost their gold removed already. Even worse, after one failed title defense where Kevin knocked himself out backstage and one successful defense where he defeated Pedro Hizo, he would drop the strap to the returning Randy Couture, fresh off having lost two of his four bouts during his stint in Japan. The division was not in for better times ahead though. Number seven, Ry's Mulligan. Following regaining the title he never lost when he returned to the UFC like we just talked about. Randy would double up on beating Pedro Hizo because that's just what heavyweight champions did at the time. &gt;&gt; I'm like, what did he say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me for? &gt;&gt; But then a young babyfaced assassin came along in the form of Josh Barnett and TKO Couture in the second round. Jojo, we have a new champion. And it's over. THE NEW CHAMPION. IT FELT LIKE A changing of the guard moment potentially, but a major problem would emerge shortly afterwards. Barnett would fail his post-fight drug test. This was his second in a row in four months. Believe it or not, he was only given a warning after his TKO of Bobby Hoffman. But this time, Nevada would be putting their foot down and stripped Barnett, leaving a very thin heavyweight division since Pride FC had taken all the best talent. So, they put Randy Couture, the guy who just lost the title, against Rico Rodriguez, a 13-1 prospect at the time. get the two best heavyweights we had in the UFC to battle it out, see who was going to be the champion. &gt;&gt; Rico would defeat Randy in the fifth round to take the vacant title from the quote unquote old man, who still had three other title runs in his future. What makes this vacant title fight all the more disastrous is that Rico then went and lost the title to Tim Sylvia, who is the embodiment of the heavyweight division's worst era. It is amazing the UFC survived the early 2000s. Honestly, number six, put a pin in it. Making title fights don't get much worse than ending a division for more than three years. But honestly, the situation was already a disaster before BJ Penn and Kyle Uno ever faced off. For the second time, they already fought once. Jensen Pulver, the division's first ever champion. He beat both Uno and Pin during his tenure and then got stripped of the title because the UFC refused to bump up his pay from 11 to show and 11 to win. It took a year before the UFC tried to sort the situation out and have a little lightweight tournament with Pin, Matt, Sarah, Uno, and Dean Thomas to determine the new champion. It just so happens that both the guys who made it to the final we already knew weren't as good as the champion that got stripped. Uno pin 2 was unexpectedly back and forth after Pin won their first encounter in 11 seconds. &gt;&gt; I beat him first round like I always do. Uno, he's always that guy that keep coming, right? And then Uno came back too and then my friend jumped on the stage that he wasn't even quarter. He just jumped off the stage and he said, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You got to do something else." &gt;&gt; I love it. Just random dudes jumping up on the cage to talk to the fighters. What an era. The fight was close. You could probably give it to BJ, but that's not what happened. Leaving the title in limbo all the way up to 2006 and our very next entry, which ties directly into that situation. Number five, an unusually muscular shark. With more than 3 years in limbo, the UFC finally decided to bring back the lightweight division's title officially with a vacant bout between Shawn Sherk and Kenny Florian. And boy, did this turn out to be a big old mess. Now, you 2006? Well, because a lot of stuff happened before Florian versus Sherk. mainly pin competing for the welterweight title against Matt Hughes and Pulver losing in a massive upset to Joe Lozan in his return to the promotion on the same night that BJ lost the second Hughes fight. &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. That didn't go so well, did it? &gt;&gt; It was only after that that Pin and Pulver were pivoted to coaching tough to set them up for a coach's bout in a title eliminator. But we didn't even get that version of that fight. For Sherk, his first ever lightweight bout was for the vacant title. And Kenny was placed in the bout off his popularity from tough and a shift to the division earlier that year. It wasn't the greatest start, but things would get worse. After Sherk left with the gold, both he and his next challenger, Hermes Franca, would test positive for peeds. &gt;&gt; These are all my supplements I take. &gt;&gt; That's a lot. &gt;&gt; The division was already a mess. The last thing it needed was this disaster. Sherk was stripped. Pin fought Joe Stevenson for the vacant title after beating Pulver following tough. And then finally everything came together when BJ defeated Sherk upon his return to defend the lightweight title and restore the reputation of that championship that had been in the gutter for years. 155 is now one of the most prestige divisions in the sport. But the two vacant title bouts in this video nearly destroyed it before it ever had that chance. Number four, right guy, wrong time. Okay, so there was a rule that we had when we were making this list up. The winner of the vacant title bout could not have had a revered title reign. But we made an exception with this entry. And the reason is obviously Jon Jones is arguably the greatest fighter of all time. And so him very suddenly being pulled from the light heavyweight title because of something entirely outside the cage. Fans just weren't going to accept that the champion who earned that vacant title was the best 205 in the world. It's about as hollow as that title has ever been in fact given the circumstances. But it was compounded by the fact that Daniel Cormier would be the winner of it against Rumble Johnson. At least with Anthony, he was seen as the next great threat to Jon Jones. They were meant to have a title bout before things went south in Jon's life. Now, I don't think Rumble would have beat him, but the perception at the time was that at least he was a danger with his power. Unfortunately, Cormier had been defeated by Jones already and very soundly. That five rounds made it feel like he simply had nothing for the champ. So, him winning the gold less than 6 months after that defeat. I mean, it was just the worstc case scenario. &gt;&gt; I just can't believe you got that belt. This belt is the belt that I won when I fought Shogun. &gt;&gt; I don't believe DC is great. If he was great, he would have beat me the first time. Let him be confident. He He can He can beat these other guys all day. He's not beating me. &gt;&gt; DC would in fact beat those other guys and have a very respectable run. But it couldn't have been a more awkward situation than the guy who just lost to the champ within 6 months, now holding his vacant title. Number three, wrong time, right guy. How could the greatest fighter ever winning a title in the second division ever bring that division down? Well, if there's anything that JBJ is good at, it's doing things nobody else ever possibly could. So, the title situation was pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] before he even got involved fully. Before Francis Enanu became champion, there was a big push to have Bones move up and fight the upcoming heavyweight star because huge one punch power. What if he caught Jon? Jones was willing to play ball only for a $30 million payday the UFC wasn't willing to give him for a non-title bout. So Jones [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off for a few years. In the meantime, Inganu took the title from Steve Miaic, refused a new contract unless he could box, get paid more, and have his opponents make more money, and then defended the title against Sir Gan, submitting his status as the best heavyweight in the world at the moment before vacaking the title and leaving to box Tyson Fury and Aunt Joshua. Reenter Jon Jones with the greatest heavyweight in the world, the one guy everybody wanted to see JBJ fight out of the picture. Jon easily took the vacant title from the guy that Inganu had already thoroughly defeated. I don't know if you saw, but Francis tweeted, "Uh, good job, Johnny Boy. Sincerely the heavyweight king." Uh, do you have response to Francu? &gt;&gt; Francis is a big old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Cat or not, it was clearly the fight to make. Jones didn't make things any better either by only ever fighting old man Stipe in a very delayed bout, refusing to fight interim champion Tom Aspenol for that 30 million he asked for to fight in Ganu and then vacating the title again. The second champ to do so in a row, leaving Tom Aspenol in a terrible spot, especially since Gan took it to him right before gouging his eyes out. And who knows what's going to happen to heavyweight now. It is a mess, I tells you. A mess. &gt;&gt; I don't see nothing out of the ordinary. &gt;&gt; Number two, a rocky start. You know, there was always going to be huge shoes to fill when Amanda Dunes finally stepped away from the throne, right? &gt;&gt; There is not a close second. This is literally the first time there has ever been a fighter where you you must say they are the greatest of all time. So, whoever came next was always going to be a downgrade. The division really needed a shot in the arm and Raquel Pennington versus Myra Bueno Silva was not it. While OG vet Rocky was on a considerable win streak, making her a logical choice for the bout, she'd famously lost a brutal fight to Nunez already. One where she tried to resign before the fifth round, but her corner refused. And as for Silva, talk about hard times in the division. She got her title fight off a suspension after having her win against Holly Holm overturned for failing a pre-fight test for ADHD meds. That's illegal, you know. &gt;&gt; Not the most egregious thing, but how many fighters get instant title fights after a suspension? To say this was a massive downgrade from Nunez is an understatement and more so with Pennington winning the title. While it was great to see a longtime fighter earn gold, it didn't indicate the division was in the best health. Number one, cursed division is cursed. The light heavyweight division right now is still kind of in shambles even after Poeton's strong run because it hardly got to move on very much from Jon Jones despite him vacating the title now six whole years ago. That initial vacant title bout was no problem at all. Dominic Reyes had arguably defeated Jones in his last bout in the division and Yan Blahhovich was the clear number one contender. That was fine. But then Jan lost the title a year later to Glover Terara in his 40s. &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're old. &gt;&gt; Prime Glover couldn't beat JBJ and now he was holding gold as one of the oldest champions in UFC history. Now Yuri seemed like he could get the division back on track. But honestly, this is where the real trouble started because when he got injured and was forced to vacate, it led to Yan versus Magamad Ankallayia for the vacant title. On paper, despite Yan having lost the gold to Glover, this wasn't horrible because Ank clearly belonged there. But the fight went to a draw on the cards, even though almost everyone had Ank winning, and Dana couldn't have been any less impressed. &gt;&gt; Did you have anybody winning in the main event? Did you Did you have &gt;&gt; I don't even know. I started to zone out after like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] three rounds. So, &gt;&gt; so right there on the spot, White did the worst thing you could do for the legitimacy of the title. He literally booked a new vacant championship bout at the postfight press conference. And even worse, it would be Jamal Hill versus old man Glover, whom I love, by the way. But to the point of the video, this isn't the healthiest title picture. Now, Hill, the upandcomer, would defeat Terara despite this being an absolute cluster [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That alone would make this the number one entry. But then Jamal lost his title to DC in a pickup basketball game and things really took a turn. Thank [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Poton showed up when he did. His defeat of Hill only makes this entry even stronger. That vacant title bout was a disaster for this division. And now Poeton's gone and a guy he's beaten twice is fighting for his gold. When will 205 rebuild fully? Probably never. The curse of Johnny Bones. I'll tell you who's an upgrade. The editor of this video, Max Randall. Please follow him on his socials. Go check out his awesome YouTube channel and challenge him to a game of Magic the Gathering. Thank you very kindly to our channel members. We wouldn't be able to do it without your support. If you hit the join button, you can become a member as well. No pressure, of course. You get exclusive content. Highly recommended. Like and subscribe or John Jones will curse you as well. Leave a comment about which of these downgrades bummed you out the most. And thank you so kindly for watching. Have a great day.