Kind: captions Language: en [music] &gt;&gt; One of the most compelling and inspiring things that can happen in fighting is someone returning from a long layoff for whatever reason they might have taken an extended absence and not missing a single beat when they get back in THE CAGE. &gt;&gt; THE GREATEST WELTERWEIGHT CHAMPION IN UFC HISTORY. The poster child for this is Dominick Cruz who did it twice. &gt;&gt; It's just a matter of putting one foot in front of the other, keeping your head high, trying to stay positive when you're going through it. &gt;&gt; But there's another thing that MMA teaches us about big high-profile returns to greatness and that's that they're not always so great. In fact, sometimes they're complete disasters. That didn't go too well, now did it? I'm Tommy from MMA On Point and these are 10 triumphant returns that were immediately ruined. Number 10, cold hand Luke. Things did not go well for Luke Rockhold after he won the middleweight title. Seen as a potential long-term holder of the strap given his talent, he would immediately lose it in perhaps the most humiliating way possible to one-eyed Willie. &gt;&gt; Conceive, believe, achieve. Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. &gt;&gt; Instead of ever getting a rematch with Bisping, Rockhold was out for 15 months before taking a fight with David Branch. This led him to another humiliating high-profile loss where instead of getting his title shot against the new champion Whittaker, he ended up fighting for interim gold with Yoel Romero who KO'd him brutally and then emasculated him post-fight. Through a series of false starts and injuries, we wouldn't see Luke in the cage again for nearly a year and a half and when we finally did, he'd made the decision to move up to 205 lbs. His first assignment, not quite contender yet, Jan Blachowicz which he was not thrilled about. &gt;&gt; a fighter who was on your radar when you decided to to move up to 205? My radar [clears throat] was the top of the division. And uh this is what we got. Shouldn't have said that. I've analyzed. I'm ready to go execute. &gt;&gt; Unfortunately for Luke, his analysis and execution led to him getting KO'd with one of the most slapstick slow-motion replays of a knockout we've ever seen. As if this man needed any more humiliation. The bout would mark Luke's first and last appearance at 205 lbs. Number nine, Gus smacker. I think people forget that Alexander Gustafsson was 32 years old when he retired after that loss to Anthony Smith and I mean, who could blame him there? I'd have quit, TOO. OH [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] OH [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'M JUST KIDDING. My god, that's such a ridiculous joke. Smith is a very very solid fighter. Anyway, this might come as a shock to you but a young fighter's retirement from the sport didn't stick and just over a year later, Gus was back. But this time, there was a little bit of hype because the big Swede was headed for the heavyweight division. Heavyweight is notoriously thin most of the time and look at Ryan Bader. He went from the easiest fight in the division to Bellator heavyweight champion with ease. Frankly, they're not very good. &gt;&gt; So it was like, okay, let's see heavyweight mauler. Maybe this could work. The girlies were loving the dad bodded weigh-ins. It was an ESPN card, Fight Island feature bout. This was going to be great. And he was going up against a former champion and respected heavyweight in Fabricio Werdum. He got armbarred in half a round. Well, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all right then. I guess we'll just go ahead and pack it up. Oh, he would fight again 2 years later back at light heavyweight and get KO'd in 67 seconds by Nikita Krylov and then later try to join the PFL. Let's just pretend he retired in 2019. Number eight, unlucky Patrick. Jason Miller did something that very few MMA fighters have been able to do. He made himself a well-known commodity in the sport outside of the UFC post-TUF boom. Not an easy task. Miller's only UFC bout prior to our story took place in 2005 when he fought a young GSP. Talk about a bad draw. The future legend 30-27 to Miller and for the next 5 years, Jason would famously not beat Jacare in Dream for gold, famously not beat Jake Shields in Strikeforce for gold, started post-fight brawl that essentially ended MMA on CBS until this year. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goofball. You know, hey, where's my rematch? Running in his, you know, what do you think's going to happen? Got into a high-profile feud with Nick Diaz. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. Double. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. And Jason hosted the super popular MTV show Bully Beatdown. Miller was about as well-known as a fighter could get outside the UFC at that point and all of his shenanigans would finally pay off when the promotion signed him again, gave him a season of TUF opposite Michael Bisping and a big high-profile coaches fight on the finale where Miller would lay the rottenest of eggs and get TKO'd in the third round. One loss later and Mayhem would be fired for a backstage incident and never fight in the UFC or any major promotion again. Number seven, triple seething and coping. When Henry Cejudo TKO'd Dominick Cruz in a haze of beer and cigarettes, it was a quote-unquote triumphant return for Dom that could easily make this list. Nearly 4 years away from the game, gets an immediate title shot and blows it hard. But directly after that fight, Henry would randomly retire from the sport. &gt;&gt; I want to leave on top. I just don't see myself coming back but I want to I want to remain king forever. This was a move seen as a negotiation tactic that might leverage the UFC's want for more triple C for more C notes. But as it turned out, the UFC didn't give a single [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and Henry sat on the sideline in the prime of his career for 3 whole years. Something he apparently anticipated. &gt;&gt; Of course would I have liked to get paid but I knew I knew wasn't get paid. I knew that I wasn't going to get paid. &gt;&gt; Despite the layoff, Henry was immediately granted a bantamweight title fight with champion Aljamain Sterling. And you know, it wasn't even that he had a terrible performance. He nearly won the fight. The judges' cards would be split. But it's the fact that he took 3 years off for absolutely no reason, finally just caved and came back and now look at you. You don't have a title, you don't have any more money. What was even the point of this? Number six, leader of the pack. Frank Mir was the future of the heavyweight division. In 2004, when all the best in the world were fighting in Japan, a well-rounded and dangerous 25-year-old Mir showed up in the UFC and took the heavyweight title from Tim Sylvia with ease. &gt;&gt; You broke Tim Sylvia's arm. I just feel pop pop pop and it opens. Hmm, gross. But a couple months later, his entire world would come to a screeching halt. Mir was hit by a car while riding his motorcycle and shattered his femur. That's the really big one in your thigh that doesn't normally break very often. He also shredded his knee and dislocated his hip. 16 months after the accident, Mir would return to the octagon to face Marcio Cruz. His title stripped a few months previous due to inactivity. And if it feels like 16 months doesn't seem like enough to recover from such catastrophic injuries, you would be correct. Mir was not Mir and a fight that was essentially a gimme turned into an embarrassing first round TKO loss. &gt;&gt; After the accident and certain athletic abilities, you know, temporarily put on hold and injuries really sidelined my ability to fight. It really made it to where I had to put my mind at the forefront and I think that's one thing that's really just grown leaps and bounds and I'm thankful for that that happened was the accident because it made me who I am today. Frank's whole 2006 would be a bit of a mess but he'd eventually rebound and get those wins over Brock Lesnar and Rodrigo Nogueira. That set him up to main event UFC 100. Number five, kingdom for a horse. I completely bought into all Alistair Overeem hype in 2011. You got to remember when this dude came to the UFC, he was proper Overeem still. This wasn't some deflated version. He'd been absolutely crushing it outside the promotion since 2007 and looked like the next great heavyweight. I fully expected him to win the title easily and reign for as long as he wanted to. He railroaded Brock Lesnar in his debut, more on that later, and looked every bit the future champion so many of us thought he would be. But then, there was some kind of mix-up because Overeem was accused of having unnatural testosterone levels. I personally still don't believe it but you know, there's no justice in this world. So Alistair was forced to sit for 9 months which would end up being over a year. But okay, misunderstanding aside, it's time for the Reem to get right back in the title picture and his opponent would be unexpected contender Bigfoot Silva who'd recently taken out Travis Browne. Regardless of that surprise victory, Reem was a massive favorite. This was going to be easy work for the demolition man and it kind of looked that way. So easy that Alistair really wasn't protecting himself which would result in one of the greatest karmic comebacks the sport has ever produced. When Foot just went to berserker mode on him in the third round earning a huge KO victory. &gt;&gt; HIS LACK OF RESPECT FOR BIGFOOT'S POWER PROVED TO BE HIS UNDOING. IT WAS A DEVASTATING upset and as coach K says, we win or we learn. Unfortunately, the drawing board would need another refresh as Overeem would lose his next fight to Travis Browne as well. Lots of learning. Number four, basketball Jones. There is exactly one champion in UFC history to lose their title playing basketball with Daniel Cormier and that is and will forever be Jamahal Hill. &gt;&gt; Don't tell me DC hit you with the the oop. You see Do you see pay the ref? I'm cheating. Whose Achilles tear saw him out for over a year and forced to vacate the gold. Achilles injuries are notoriously career destroying in basketball and maybe they are in MMA, too, because things have not gone super great for Jamahal since then. More than a year after he initially earned the vacant gold against Glover Teixeira, the title was now with the second champion in as much time, the super popular Alex Pereira. Believe it or not though, this was pretty much a pick'em fight in terms of odds and I wish ESPN's pre-show for 300 still existed online because the entire panel, Chael, Bisping and Smith, all picked Hill. Izzy picked Hill. It was crazy how many people were locked in on Jamahal winning. &gt;&gt; With these little gloves, I think Jamahal's going to surprise him. He's going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sharpshoot him. I see he's not on my level. It's not close and I can't wait to get in there tomorrow and show out. Of course, Hill would famously get KO'd moments after Pereira did a really cool thing and virtually nobody took his side that it was an illegitimate finish. Since then, Jamahal lost twice in 2025. I'm sure he's hoping for a new year, new me scenario. Number three, the road to hair. Colby Covington actually boosted the pay-per-view sales for his title challenge against Leon Edwards. After that press conference or during in the middle or whatever, pay-per-view shot up 25%. &gt;&gt; Yeah, believe it or not, the whole seventh layer of hair thing and the revolutionary getup worked. To his credit, Covington had generated buzz with his mouth but the guy had had stellar performances, too, and fans knew that. His first fight with Usman was legendary, his second was respectable. He'd worked over Masvidal and Woodley. The threat of Colby felt real and with him boosting pay-per-view hype, his third and unquestionably undeserved shot at welterweight gold had expectations high despite him earning the bout with a win over Masvidal nearly 2 years prior. By the time the fight happened, Masvidal had lost again, making it four straight and retired, leaving Covington with no wins over currently active top 10 welterweights in four years. To the shock of absolutely everybody, Colby would give arguably the worst performance of his career, looking like a shell of his former self. A performance he blamed on a broken foot in the first round and campaigning for Donald Trump. No, wait, that was the next loss that he blamed that one on. Covington has been out for over a year now, so let's see if he can make a better triumphant return whenever it is he finally fights again. Number two, Brock and Guts. Caveats are things we place on wins and losses when they don't really fully fit the narrative as we see it. A great example is Brock Lesnar's title loss to Cain Velasquez. Prior to his successful defense against Shane Carwin, Lesnar was forced out for a year due to diverticulitis that required surgery. And after the loss to Velasquez a few months later, it was revealed that Lesnar wasn't at 100% for either fight. And in fact, after losing the title, would end up with another severe bout of diverticulitis that required major surgery again and yet another year away from the sport. So, it was thought that a 100% healthy Brock Lesnar could finally return to glory. Even though doctors believed he'd probably been dealing with this condition before UFC 100. So, it was a massive return fight against the debuting Alistair Overeem, who was being positioned as the division's new great boogeyman with elite striking that Brock was prepared for. &gt;&gt; I think Pat Barry's probably, you know, as far as striking goes, this guy, when he first got to my gym, you know, ran circles around me and now and now we're banging. Having a guy like Pat in my gym to stand in front of me and to to mimic Alistair, I don't think he's going to I don't think he really I don't think he really understands. Turns out Pat Barry was not enough and Overeem kicked the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of Brock Lesnar, pardon the pun. Lesnar looked for the second time in a row incredibly vulnerable. As it would turn out, he wasn't actually 100% even after his second surgery and it would be time to retire. Until 2016 when he came back to lay on Mark Hunt for 25 minutes and failed like 16 PED tests. Number one, bad reputation. It's without a question the highest profile return on our entire list. I mean, the poster literally says she's back on it. The fight was notoriously all about Ronda Rousey and very little about champion Amanda Nunes in the lead-up. And while executives being that far up Ronda's ass is crazy, the sentiment that she might come back in top form was not. Because prior to Holm, Ronda had run roughshod through the whole division and who the hell was Amanda Nunes? Sure, she'd brutally beaten Miesha Tate, but so did Ronda Rousey. And the marketing worked. With Ronda essentially in exile from the world between losing one of the most high-profile title fights in UFC history to fight week, the hype was real enough to get 1.1 million buys. This did bigger numbers than Brock versus Reem. But 48 head movement-less seconds into her big return, there Ronda Rousey stood, slightly slumped over, out on her feet, everything taken from her. Given the expectation that she'd be back to form against an opponent that most people didn't really give enough credit to, this went just about as badly as it could and it played a huge factor in the rewriting of her legacy by many in the years after it. But the editor of this video, Max Randall's legacy is fully intact. Please follow him on his socials, go check out his YouTube channel, and bring him your Christmas leftovers. Big old shoutout to our channel members, your support is such a massive part of the show. Fight fans, hit the join button, get some exclusive content, highly recommended. Like and subscribe for more Anthony Smith jokes. Leave a comment about which of these disastrous returns was the most disastrous to you, and thank you so much for watching. Let's do it again soon. &gt;&gt; [music]