Kind: captions Language: en Well, hey there sports fan. New to mixed martial arts? You come across this UFC thing on Paramount and wanted to see what all the fuss was about. It's pretty awesome, right? But what events are worth watching? I mean, the UFC has had 758 shows. Which ones are you going to have a great time watching from start to finish? Well, if you're not new viewer, because today I'm going to give you a fully curated watch list of the 15 very best UFC pay-per-view events to go back and enjoy. And I'm actually going to rank them, not just give them to you in chronological order. And while this is targeted at newer fans who maybe just jumped in, these are all mustwatch for anybody that enjoys mixed martial arts. So this list is for everybody. All right, get your popcorn. This is the best the UFC has to offer. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point, and these are 15 classic UFC cards every newer fan should go back and watch. Number 15, UFC 1. If you're jumping into MMA for the first time, or you're a more consistent fan who never bothered to watch UFC 1, or you know what, you're just anybody, watch this pay-per-view. I promise you, it's going to be a good time. First of all, the whole thing is like 90 minutes. It's a quick show. All the fights are fast. All the fights are finishes. And it's such a weird novelty time capsule with such a cast of characters. You've got a sumo wrestler, a boxer wearing one glove, hoist in his ghee that nobody can figure out. Ken Shamrock looking like he walked out of a video game, it's honestly the closest thing you're ever going to get to real life Street Fighter 2. Even if you have absolutely no interest in how historically foundational this card is to MMA, get your buddies, get a pizza, and watch this. I guarantee you guys have a blast. Would recommend to any fan at any level. Number 14, UFC 12. So, here's what's awesome about watching UFC 12 right after you watch UFC 1. You're essentially getting four whole years of history and change instantly. Cage fighting is getting banned all over the country. The UFC is dying and they need to make changes. This card is a huge part of those changes. There is a tournament again. Two smaller tournaments actually. But you'll notice quite the difference in competitors this time, including a young and terrifying juiced out Vtor Belelffor. But more importantly, this card will crown the first ever actual UFC champion, a heavyweight bout between Mark Coleman and Dan Severn. So, you're getting this big historical shift as well. And you might recognize, or maybe you won't because he looks so different in 1997, a young Joseph James Rogan Jr. before anybody even knew what a podcast was, doing his first ever gig with the promotion. Lots of history, nostalgia, and interesting action. Got to watch it right after one. Number 13, UFC 31. Okay, I promise that these are not going to be in chronological order, but these first three are because they work fantastically together to let you sort of get a speedrun of the history of the early sport. And there are a lot better cards after these anyway. So, you get the origin of the sport in UFC 1. You see how the sport is starting to evolve with UFC 12 now put on UFC 31, which is not the first show from Zupa, the UFC's new owners with Dana White, of course, at the helm. That would be UFC 30. But this show is way better and still gives you an idea of how Dana and the new owners were trying to update the sport and make it more appealing. This is the first event you'll watch with the unified rules of mixed martial arts, which is basically the rules as we know them now. And this card is a banger. Young BJ Penn on the damn prelims finishes in every main card bout but the main event, but it's awesome. Anyway, Shony Carter gets one of the first viral knockouts in the UFC. You get to see early Chuck Liddell destruction. Both title fights are worth your time, especially Randy Couture taking it to Pedro Hizo. Dana White thinks it's one of the best cards ever, and he is right. Watch it. Number 12, UFC 236. The night of too many intram title fights. I say that lovingly because, as it would turn out, both of the interim title bouts that headlined this card are absolute all-time classics. Now, the rest of the card isn't going to knock your socks off. It's true. That's why it's ranked so low. But I promise you, you're going to want to watch this event because oh my god, Israel Adosana versus Kelvin Gastelum for intram middleweight gold is something out of a movie. One of the greatest fights I've ever seen. If you're new, you're going to have your mind blown. And Dustin Porier versus Max Holloway. You might have seen their third fight recently. This one is even better. Prime Porier. Max Holloway on an epic 13ight win streak coming up to lightweight as the current featherweight champion. It is so awesome that you'll forget any of the undercard bouts that didn't land. You have to watch this night. Number 11, UFC 134. There was a time when Brazil ruled the MMA world. And if you weren't there, it can be hard to understand just how amazing the atmosphere would be when the promotion went to Rio di Janeiro. But this is the quintessential Brazilian card. It is absolutely stacked with legends. You got Minotauro Noggera, Shogun Hua, and Anderson Silva all fighting on the very same card. Every main card fight but one is a finish. And that one Edson Barbosa versus Ross Pearson is a certified banger. You might recognize worldrenowned comedian Brendan Sha on the card. Forest Griffin is there to rematch Shogun Hua after their epic first encounter that they lay out nicely. That's the thing that's really great about the UFC's production. You don't need to know a damn thing going in. They'll fill you in and get you invested in every fight right before walkouts. To see Prime Anderson Silva in Brazil the only time ever defending his title there is worth the watch alone. But the rest of the card is incredible. It was 2011's card of the year for a reason. A mustwatch. Number 10, UFC 47. Okay, so I'm cheating here because number 10 is actually three events. UFC 47, 52, and 66. Tommy, that's cheating. You said 15. I know, but this is my video and I'm so sorry. I'm giving you even more awesome [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to watch. These three events are like the Chuck Liddell DLC pack. If you want to know what it was like to experience Chuck Liddell in his prime, watch these three cards. If you're only going to watch one, then do UFC 47. It is the culmination of a feud that's been brewing for over a year between Liddell and Tito Ortiz. And the rest of the card is filled with great finishes. You get to see a young wild Nick Diaz take out Robbie Lawler. It's a fast watch literally eight finishes in nine fights. 52 sees Chuck get revenge on Randy Couture after he upset him in their first encounter. And this is another amazing event. You get early GSP versus Mayhem Miller. You get one of Dana White's favorite fights and just a wild title bout in Matt Hughes versus Frank Trigg. This card was awesome. And finally, to round out your Liddell trilogy, 66 sees him beat up Tito again. It's the first ever UFC card to do a million buys. This was the peak of that early boom era. All the main card fights are finishes. You got standouts like Michael Bispine on the card. Forced Griffin, Chris Lee. You watch these three events back to back and you're going to shave your hair into a mohawk and start shotging Bud Diesel. Number six, UFC 40. So, when the UFC was pretty much like, "Well, we're not sure if this company is going to make it." And the Fertittita brothers were just hemorrhaging millions of dollars into trying to make it work, UFC 40 happened. It broke 100,000 pay-per-view buys, which is abysmal now, but was a reason not to just fold up shop back then. And it was all built on the rivalry between Tito Ortiz and Kin Shamrock in that main event. But the thing is, the card is awesome otherwise. All finishes, some really great names in there. early Andre Arloski on the prelims, Robbie Lawler getting a knockout, Matt Hughes defending his welterweight title, Chuck Liddell has a great moment in the co-main event, and the whole thing culminates in this legitimate blood feud with gold on the line. For historical purposes, this event that saved the UFC is compelling, but on its own, this one still holds up today as a fantastic watch. Number eight, UFC 300. How absolutely perfect to go from the event that arguably saved the early Zufa UFC to the one that celebrates the absolute juggernaut that it would become. This is the latest event on our list and is the peak of the modern era. The UFC did everything they could to stack this thing up and it delivered massively. Modern cards are meant to be watched from early prelim to main event. So, if you want the whole 6-h hour experience, you're going to have a pretty good time. The prelims are loaded with big names. Biggie versus Cody Garbrandt. Hano gets a big finish. Kayla Harrison makes her UFC debut. Former champs in Alamade Sterling and Yuri Prohaskca. And the main card, dude, crazy stacked. If you've never seen Holloway versus Gatechi, you're in for one of the all-time great finishes ever. You've got Jeang Lee in a title defense as the co-main. And the culmination is Poeton, Mr. Popularity himself, defending his title in spectacular fashion against Jamal Hill. To go from seeing the UFC on the brink to seeing them at their financial peak is a wild contrast and a great watch. Chama. Number seven, UFC 92. If it's possible, I want you to watch this one in a jam-packed Hooters. I'm talking wall-to-wall humanity. every single person fixed on this event because that is how I watched UFC 92 and it was absolutely insane. This card kicked so much ass it's ridiculous. What's awesome about this one is that it's like the embodiment of the tough boom and this late 2000s era UFC that was absolutely rocketing. The whole main card is knockouts. The whole damn thing. You got Rampage Jackson and Vanderlay Silva reviving their rivalry from Pride FC. A legendary showdown between Frank Mir and Big Nog for interim heavyweight gold and the culmination Forest Griffin at the height of his popularity as the unlikely light heavyweight champion taking on fellow Ultimate Fighter winner Rashad Evans. God, this card just bangs. You will have a fantastic time. I guarantee it. This is one of the peak eras the sport has ever had, and this card is a solid encapsulation of it. Number six, UFC 199. This is one of those events that on paper didn't look like it would be anything of interest, but in execution, oh my god, what a night. So many fantastic finishes on the prelims. The very first fight of the whole card is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] epic. Entirely worth your time. The main card even more. The diamond versus King Green for 3 minutes. Old man Dan Henderson's knockout of Hector Lombard is something you truly have to experience. And with historical context, you'll also know that that finish got him a very undeserved title shot. Max Holloway versus Ricardo Llamas is the first time Max ever does the point to the middle thing at the end of the fight. The co-main is the culmination of a rivalry between Dominic Cruz and Uriah Faber. But the real reason people keep coming back to this one is the absolutely unlikely championship victory by Michael Bispine over Luke Rockold. The promo package beforehand does such a good job of setting this one up and setting you up for one of the all-time great upsets. Number five, UFC 202. All right, we've reached the Conor McGregor portion of the list. And mind you, these events are a time capsule. This is not the Conor McGregor of today. This is the guy who completely rewrote the book on popularity in MMA. And these events are going to show you why that happened. 202 is headlined by the rematch between Connor and Nate Diaz. And it is a brutal war for the whole 25 minutes. Truly epic. But that's the culmination of an event that saw all finishes on the main card. Some incredible ones, too. Rumble Johnson knocks Glover to share his tooth into orbit. Cowboy Cerrone, Mike Perry, Tim Means all have fantastic stops. Cody Garbrandt on the prelims. Hell, you get to see one of the rare Kobby Coington finishes on this card. As awesome as 202 ends up being just as an event fight to fight, the epic conclusion will leave you thinking, "Okay, yeah, that was one of the best events I have ever watched." Number four, UFC 205. This is truly the peak of Connor's powers. 205 was the UFC's first ever event in New York after being banned in the early '90s, and they went all out. It is hard to find an event that feels bigger than this. MSG is absolutely rocking the whole night and wow did so many fights deliver. You got to watch the prelims. There's a bunch of finishes, but also you have to watch because Habib destroys Michael Johnson and calls out Conor McGregor. &gt;&gt; I want to fight with your chicken BECAUSE THIS IS NUMBER ONE easy fight in lightweight division. &gt;&gt; It is the seed for their entire rivalry. On the main card, holy hell, you get one of the most terrifying finishes ever in the Yoel Romero Chris Weidman fight. Yana Champion defends her title. Woodley and Thompson have an all-time classic as the co-main event that steals the show and two headlines. You get to see the peak of Conor McGregor. Dude is in god mode this whole fight and it is crazy to see. The whole thing culminates with those two titles being hoisted into the air. It is beyond epic. Number three, UFC 189. Okay, so here's the thing. There's definitely other Connor events, right? You could go back and watch 194 where he wins the featherweight title and you're going to have a good time. If you watch the culmination of his rivalry with Habib at 229, you're going to have a good time and a big surprise at the end. Those are definitely worth your time, but I didn't want to fill this list with eight Conor McGregor events. And truly, the three we selected had more weight than just Connor himself. And that is why 189 is my top pick here of his events. Again, fantastic undercard. A bunch of finishes. The whole main card is finishes. Matt Brown gets an awesome one on the prelims. Thomas Almeida's flying knee is nasty. Jeremy Stevens proves why he's the hardest hitting 145 in the division. And while Connor has had better wins, this fight with Mendes is so high risk and the stakes are so high. Joe Rogan does an amazing job setting it up before it happened. The story of this fight is not just Conor McGregor. It's Ireland. And this man has incredible weight on his shoulders right now. Very few human beings in this world will ever experience anything remotely similar to what's going on inside the mind and the body of Conor McGregor as he steps into this octagon right now. But the real reason this one is number one is because arguably and to many fans the greatest UFC bout of all time takes place as the co-main event. Robbie Lawler versus Rory McDonald. It is as brutal and as intense as anything you will ever watch. When you add it to this show, how in the world could you not put on 189? Number two, UFC 100. The UFC has been trying to replicate the magic of this night for the last 17 years, and they've only ever surpassed it one time. And even then, that was more so because of how the event went and not because of how special it felt. UFC 100 is mustwatch viewing for anybody that is a UFC fan, period. This was their victory lap. This was the UFC saying, "Fuck you. We knew this would work this whole time. Now watch the best of it. The prelims are fantastic and have some real novelty. Tom Lawler putting CB Dollway to sleep. A young Jon Jones looking like a future champ against Jake O'Brien. Mark Coleman and Stephan Bonner in such a strange but fitting bout for both of them. And then you get to the main card. Sexyama and Alan Belchure kick things off with a banger. I'll admit John Fitch and Paulo Thiago is not going to knock your socks off. But after you get one of the all-time great KOs ever in Dan Henderson versus Michael Bispine, the height package before that one sets up their rivalry perfectly. You get GSP at the height of his powers doing his thing against a terrifying looking Thiago Alves. It is a sight to behold, but the real draw here is Brock Lesnar versus Frank Mir. There's a reason that Lesnar's only ever been surpassed by Connor in terms of pay-per-view drawing power. He's just this mythical figure. and the beef with Frank Mir in the leadup and because of their previous bout, it all just adds to how epic this massive night for the UFC ends up being. I'm going to throw in a mention of UFC 116 here as well if you need to see more Brock and see the absolute peak of his career in my opinion, but 100 is just about as good as the UFC gets. Number one, UFC 217. Pretty widely considered by fans the greatest UFC event of all time. It's just so rare that an event works out this perfectly. The prelims are nearly all finishes, so they're enjoyable to go through. Ricardo Ramos lands an insane spinning back elbow, and you got to see OSP's headkick of Cory Anderson. Where the card really shines, though, is the three main attractions. Three title fights back to back. In every single one of them, a title changes hands, and every single one of them is just so damn compelling. Rose Namunis taking on the greatest women's fighter in the world at that moment in Yana Champion. Everybody was thinking she was going to surpass Ronda's legacy. and nobody was expecting Rose to do what she did. You follow that up with TJ Dashaw and Cody Garbrand having one of the most personal beefs a title fight has ever produced. Former teammates turned bitter enemies. The fight is insanity and ends in epic fashion. And then the culmination is the return of George St. Pierre after 4 years away. It's such an awesome thing to watch this after UFC 100 where you get to sort of see his peak and then now this return from exile in a new weight class no less against Michael Bisping who you epically saw take that title at 199. It is an amazing moment and the perfect capstone to a really nearperfect event. It does not get better whether you're a new fan or you've been watching since the '9s. And it doesn't get much better than the editor of this video, Luke Taylor. Please follow him on his socials, check out his YouTube channel, and make him a banana split Sunday. Thank you so much to our channel members. I cannot thank you guys enough for your support. Guys, hit the join button, become a member as well. Get exclusive content. It's a pretty solid deal. Like and subscribe because I've been doing this for over a decade and I'm not stopping anytime soon. Damn it. Leave a comment about your favorite UFC cards. Debate the order. Tell me if you disagree with mine. I'd love to hear it. Thank you so much for watching. This one was really fun. Everybody have a good day.