Kind: captions Language: en The more we think we know about the fight game, the more it proves to us that there is no knowing it truly. And today's video might be the greatest example of that. Every one of these fights looked competitive heading into them, and every single one of them ended up embarrassingly one-sided. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point, and these are 15 compelling fights that turned into squash matches. So, okay, the term squash match, obviously, that's not what these were, but they did play out like them. To make this list, the fight needed to have two key elements: a perception that the bout would be legitimately competitive and prolonged sustained dominance by the winner. So, no flash KOs or comebacks or quick work. All right, ready to see them? Let's do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Number 15, Borz Inc. The anticipation for Khamzat Chimaev to finally get a title fight was through the roof. They were talking about title eliminators when this guy was KO'ing Gerald Meerschaert in 17 seconds back in 2020. Khamzat Chimaev, there is something that you just can't deny when a guy is this dominant in the first round. The journey was a long and frustrating one, but it would culminate with a fight that was expected to be a potentially instant classic with champion Dricus Du Plessis. DDP's awkward, exhausted, drunken master style had gotten the job done now in three straight title bouts, and there was no reason to doubt his unorthodox style yet. Besides, of course, the smothering grappling of Chimaev, but it was at a point in his reign that fans were willing to assume he'd find some weird way for it to stay competitive. He did not at all. For 22 boring minutes of the 25-minute fight, Khamzat held down the champion and landed 529 little tiny but effective enough strikes. The scorecards were brutal, 50-44 on all three. Was it dominant? Yes. Was it terrible to watch? Also, yes. That's why it's 15, and here comes number 14, Baddest Mother Futility. It looked like one of Paramount's first big shows would feature a main event banger for the ages between Max Holloway and Charles Oliveira for the BMF silver. After a weird freak esophagus injury that ended their first encounter really before it even began, going back 11 years, both men had reached the pinnacle of the sport, won world titles, and became legends absolutely bound for the Hall of Fame. Money was just about even going into this one. Both men were on the cusp of a potential lightweight title fight. This was big time and expected to be as exciting and competitive as these two men's careers have almost always been. But the best was not blessed on this night. Charles Oliveira would have a staggering and frustrating to watch 20 minutes 49 seconds of control time and hold Holloway to just 26 significant strikes. That is unheard of. This one wasn't even remotely close, with Do Bronx winning all five rounds on all three judges' cards. Charles Oliveira showed up the best version of himself, and uh I couldn't get going, you know? At the end of the day, it is his night, and I'm not going to take nothing away from him, you know? If we didn't already have Max in this entry, his dominance over Justin Gaethje in the previous BMF fight would have made the cut. So, it's not all bad for Blessed. Number 13, Run Home Jack. Moving up from 155 to 170 is not an easy thing to do, and we've seen several times now champions bump up for a super fight and things go south. So, there were a great deal of questions still when Islam Makhachev, a guy in the running for the best lightweight ever, headed up to welterweight to take on new champion Jack Della Maddalena. JDM had bested a relentless grappler in Belal Muhammad to earn that gold. Would Makhachev struggle similarly? Would the weight difference be a factor? There were enough question marks to not just dismiss JDM's chances. After all, Jack hadn't lost a fight in nearly a decade. This had the potential to be a real struggle for Islam, but it was not, even remotely. In total, Makhachev held Maddalena down for about four full rounds of the fight. Despite the dominance, Islam didn't really show much instinct to try and get a finish, which frustrated pretty much everybody, probably JDM, too. Like, just put me out of my misery, dude. Makhachev would get a clean sweep from the judges, though. So, you know, I guess a W is a W. &gt;&gt; That's a win, win, win, [music] win. Number 12, Iced Out. Chuck Liddell was in Japan for the Pride 2003 Middleweight GP for one reason and one reason only: defeat Wanderlei Silva and assert the UFC's dominance over the division worldwide. Dana White was heavily involved in Chuck's camp for the tournament and would nervously commentate his bout against Rampage Jackson. Page would be the only obstacle in Liddell's way before getting the Vandy fight later that night. Jackson had put together a pretty impressive run of victories leading up to the semifinal, but for Liddell, the game plan was clear: aggressive leg kicks and put the heat on Rampage early. Well, that is not what happened at all. Chuck never got going. The first 10-minute round, he was on his back foot the entire time getting lit up and exhausted. &gt;&gt; He looks tired to me right now. It's It's absolutely horrifying. In the second round, Page would score a knockdown and brutalize Liddell so much on the ground that his corner threw in the towel. It was such an extensive beating, Page had very little left in him for Vandy later that night. And the rematch in the UFC between Liddell and Jackson would GO EVEN WORSE. LIDDELL IS IN DISBELIEF. RAMPAGE IS THE LIGHT HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION. NUMBER 11, Magnum Opus. Going into the fight between Zhang Weili and Tatiana Suarez, I truly believe we were going to see a changing of the guard moment. I called the unbeaten Suarez 115 Khamzat, the division's reckoning. I was so on board. I assumed she was going to potentially be one of the division's greats, and I know I'm not alone in that assumption. For as dominant a champion as Zhang had been, arguably the best the division had ever had, she was only a minus 150 favorite. That's a damn near coin flip against a challenger who literally only had 10 pro fights. And wow, were all of us wrong on this one. Weili had about as good a performance as you could have. It was not even remotely close. Zhang would land 232 strikes to Suarez's 63 and stuffed 14 of her 15 takedowns. This was one of the most dominant and clearest victories Weili's ever had, and she did it up against divisional hype that everybody, myself included, was convinced was the next big thing. &gt;&gt; Well, don't we feel foolish? Number 10, Mighty Fine. Kyoji Horiguchi proved in the lead-up to this fight and with his many accomplishments since that he was as serious a threat to Demetrious Johnson's extensive flyweight title reign as any opponent he ever faced. The fight would mark DJ's sixth defense of his crown, and the 15-and-1 Horiguchi had the same stopping power at flyweight that he did at bantam, proven by his finish of John Lineker. You can see what's got everybody talking about him and the hype behind this young man in this division. Truly, when you look at all Horiguchi has done since, this victory has aged like wine. Johnson completely dominated him for all five rounds, double the significant strikes, nearly three times the total strikes. He scored 14 takedowns on Kyoji, and he topped off five rounds of dominance with a literal last-second armbar finish from crucifix, mind you. We don't talk enough about how dominant this man was. What a stupidly great fighter. Number nine, Monster Mash. Even though Shane Carwin had lost to Brock Lesnar, his stock going into the fight with Junior dos Santos couldn't have been higher. Sure, he'd lost to the champion, but that was after the guy somehow survived a barrage that would have turned most heavyweights into a pile of viscera. And before that, all he'd done was destroy four UFC fights, four first-round knockouts. On the other end of the equation, JDS had six straight UFC wins since his debut with five knockouts. This was going to be one of the best matchups the division had ever put together, with the winner earning a title challenge. After a first round that saw Carwin nearly finished and busted up badly, things never got better. JDS would outstrike Shane 4-2-1, a sustained three-round beating that didn't let up for even a second. Afterwards, Carwin looked like a mess, and the only blood on JDS wasn't his. &gt;&gt; He was tired, he was beat up, and and showed a lot of heart tonight. Number eight, The End. In one of the most chaotic periods of time that the lightweight division has ever had, the one constant, but for injuries and terrible luck, was Tony Ferguson. 12 straight victories, an interim title he never lost and never got a chance to unify, nine of the night bonuses. There was an argument to be made that Tony was the best lightweight in the world. And when he didn't get a chance to prove it for the fifth time against champion Khabib Nurmagomedov, truly Justin Gaethje was the next best thing. His three-fight run-up put him in the top five. And so yet again, Ferguson would have to prove himself against a top contender with interim gold on the line. But this time around, things would be different. His relentless pressure didn't wilt Gaethje at all, and instead, he would be met with a five-round onslaught that saw him hit with 143 brutal shots before Herb Dean finally mercifully stepped in from the sheer accumulative damage. Tony's uncrowned reign had ended about as definitively as it could have. &gt;&gt; Just incredibly sad. Number seven, Machine Breakdown. When Petr Yan and Merab Dvalishvili first met in 2023, it was historically dominant for The Machine. The guy went for 49 takedowns in a single fight. That is a record. What an absolute psycho. And he would end up getting 50-45s on all judges' cards. Now, it should be noted that he only landed 11 of those takedowns despite the dominance. Leading up to the rematch, a lot had changed. Merab was champion, going for a record fourth title fight in a single year, and Yan had had a bit of a redemption arc. With three victories leading up to a title challenge. Notably, his grappling defense against Song Yadong showed that Yan was trying to shore up any shortcomings in his game. Not to mention, in their first encounter, he had a broken hand and a bum knee, but hey, fighters always say that, right? How different could the rematch be? Well, Petr Yan legitimately put on one of the greatest bantamweight performances of all time. He hurt him bad. Merab would only score two takedowns on 29 attempts, forcing him to stand with Petr and face the music. The judges giving Merab a single round in this one, to me, is nuts. Yan was destroying The Machine and significantly hurt him in every single round. A master class squash. Number six, Diego's Nightmare. At the absolute height of his powers, B.J. Penn took on tough winner Diego Sanchez in what was expected to be a wild fight. Mainly because ever since moving to lightweight, the 21-and-2 Sanchez was having all-out wars. First against Joe Stevenson, and then in a bout that would end up in the UFC Hall of Fame against Clay Guida. The challenge and the hook here were simple. If B.J. Penn's cardio was sometimes a question, what happens if this iron chin maniac takes him to the later rounds? It was great intrigue on paper, and then the fight started. The thoroughness with which Penn dominated Sanchez is almost unbelievable. In this near 25-minute lightweight title bout, despite throwing 108 strikes, Diego only landed eight of them. That is 7% of his strikes. B.J. would land 149. He landed nearly 19 times as many strikes in a title fight. It's absurd. Sanchez would also go 0 for 27 on takedown attempts, and finally succumb to a nasty cut that the doctor stepped in on late in the fifth. Wow, that is a gigantic cut. It's the most dominant win of Penn's whole career. Number five, rush down. Your perception of Jon Fitch today might be that he was a safe and boring fighter. But on his initial eight-fight UFC run up to the title challenge against Georges St-Pierre, he'd earned four stops and was seen as a real threat. As the first defense of GSP's second reign, Fitch was about as dangerous an opponent as St-Pierre could face at 170. With 25 UFC takedowns heading into the bout, the question was whether or not St-Pierre would struggle with Fitch's grappling. &gt;&gt; Georges St-Pierre is a good fighter. I think I'm a I'm overall a better fighter than he is. I think I I'm pretty confident. Not only would he shut out all six of his takedown attempts, St-Pierre would score seven of his own, get three knockdowns, and out-strike Fitch more than two to one. It was a massacre. St-Pierre's first big test wasn't even remotely won, and that was the first of many challengers deemed serious threats that St-Pierre would run right through. Number four, complete shutout. For the two smaller women's weight classes in the UFC, Valentina Shevchenko versus Zhang Weili was very close to what Nunes versus Cyborg was for the larger weight classes. This was about as super as a fight gets. After decimating Tatiana Suarez, as we talked about earlier, Zhang moved up to flyweight for the first time in the UFC with four straight title victories and six total at 115 under her belt. But flyweight was defined by the bullet, and she had 10 title victories in the division to support that. There were questions about if Weili would be large enough to deal with Shevchenko, but the woman could pick up Francis Ngannou. It didn't seem like it would be that big a factor, but oh was it ever. Valentina looked massive compared to Zhang and would have the Chinese champion on her back most of the fight. Weili had virtually no answer for anything on the feet or the ground. Shevchenko would win 50-45s across the board. One of the most lopsided super fights we've ever had. She wiped out Zhang Weili. She really did just dominate her. Number three, vicious victor. The setup for this one was simple and fantastic. Minotauro Nogueira was the greatest heavyweight on the entire planet and the pound-for-pound number one as well. Fedor came in with his terminator calm and killer [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] beat the ever-living [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of top heavyweight Heath Herring, and so the stage was set. The invincible champion versus likely his toughest challenger yet. The thing is though, most assumed if Fedor could keep it standing, he might win. But that if it went to the ground, Nogueira would drag him into deep waters. Minotauro's guard was a death zone, and the assumption was Fedor needed to avoid it like the plague. Instead, the Russian would literally spend the entire 20-minute fight essentially in Nogueira's guard raining down ungodly hellfire. &gt;&gt; The great one, ANTONIO NOGUEIRA, TAKING HIS worst beating yet. This one wasn't even close. Minotauro had virtually no offense the entire time, but for a few immediately slipped submission attempts. This was the 2003 equivalent of somebody 50-43ing prime Jon Jones. It was a shocking result, and Fedor would go on to beat Nogueira again in 2004 with a normally slightly less dominant showing. But yeah, the guy's the best heavyweight of all time. Number two, fluke proof. Junior dos Santos KOing Cain Velasquez in 64 seconds to earn the heavyweight title is one of the all-time shocking moments the division has ever produced. Cain had barreled through Brock Lesnar to earn that gold, and JDS was on a seven-fight win streak that he capped off with that beating of Shane Carwin we discussed earlier. This was supposed to be as high-level as heavyweight gets. Nobody was expecting a flash KO, and so when the rematch came around, the expectation was that barring Cain getting caught again, this should be one hell of a fight, and we were completely wrong. Cain Velasquez put on one of the most sustained and brutal beatings we have ever seen over five rounds. One judge scored it 50-43. It was shockingly uncompetitive, and just to make sure everyone knew the first fight was a fluke, Cain did it again in their third fight capping it off with a brutal fifth round finish to boot. The biggest landslide in a title fight going five rounds like that, that one-sided? Yeah, probably. We have hardly ever seen more decimation in a fight that most assumed would be competitive. Except of course for number one, Shogun of Albuquerque. Everybody knew going into the Jon Jones title challenge against Shogun Rua that the kid was good. I mean, he'd decimated every opponent he fought on the ground, on the feet, everywhere up to that point. But you got to remember, this was Shogun Rua. Just like Jon, he was the young gun, but in Pride where he dominated as well. And coming into the UFC, he was arguably already the best 205er in the world. Yes, the Griffin loss was bad, but he rebounded and took the gold from Machida cementing his position at the top of the sport. The fact that the champion was a slight underdog going in does say a lot about what we thought of Jones. That said, there were still plenty of question marks about how this would go down because this was absolutely the biggest step up that Jon had taken. That said, the decimation that Jones wrought upon Shogun in just three rounds could have filled 10 more. &gt;&gt; It'd be easy for me to come out and say, "Listen, I I knew Jones was going to win this fight. I knew it." I thought Shogun was going to win this fight. Right off the bat when he started getting hit, Jones was too much for him. From literally the opening exchange until Rua finally collapsed, it was nothing but non-stop destruction from Jones and a title victory that left no doubt these two fighters were not on the same level. Jon Jones becoming the youngest champion ever is the gold standard for totally dominating what was thought to be a competitive fight, and it has yet to be replicated. You can't replicate Max Randall either. He edited the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of this video. Please follow his socials, check out his YouTube channel, and make him some of that popcorn that's also sweet. Channel numbers, thank you so much. Your support means everything. Fight fans, hit the join button, become a member. You get cool stuff. Like and subscribe because nobody does it better. Leave a comment about which of these competitive fights left you absolutely flabbergasted by how uncompetitive it actually was, and thank you so much for watching. Have a great day. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]