Kind: captions Language: en Guys, you ever think of how stressful life is? Well, I think it's time to stop all that. No more productivity, [music] no workout plans or meal prepping, no self-improvement, none of that. At this moment, relax. I've got just the perfect [music] way. This channel has been around since 2017 already. And over the years of writing weekly videos, we have literally put together a graveyard of topics that have never quite made it into a video. No matter how interesting, we could never really figure out a way to categorize them into a full list video or a deep dive. And so, yeah, here's my excuse to go ahead and talk about them. Everybody ready to waste some time? [cheering] What's up, guys? It's me, Jason, and these are 50 useless facts about MMA. Number one, just a love tap. For those that remember this one, welcome to a trip down memory lane. The story goes way back in 2007, only a couple years after the Ultimate Fighter reality show exploded the sport into public consciousness with none other than Forest Griffin as the first Ultimate Fighter winner. Well, he had a now infamous, but perhaps since lost to time interaction with a guy by the name of Eric Newbie at Raw Vegas TV. Basically, Eric did the standard thing of having a fighter demonstrate a move on him. You know, you see this all the time in the sports still to this day of people who don't train and are just [music] kind of curious what it feels like to take a shot and get a few views in the process. But instead of a rear naked choke or a typical body shot, Force chose to do a leg kick. And this is what happened a little bit. Not Not that bad. Everybody's having a great laugh here, but things got pretty serious because, well, yeah, Force broke the guy's femur bone. For those that don't know, this is the largest and thickest bone in the entire human body. According to Force, that wasn't even really that hard of a kick. But yeah, I guess be safe out there, kids. Shout out to the OG's at Raw Vegas for this one. Number [music] two, the MA. There have been a lot of MMA referees to fall under the eye of Dana White scoring over the years, but probably none worse than Steve Masagotti. &gt;&gt; Does anybody here disagree with me that Masagatti is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] toolbox? &gt;&gt; That guy [music] is dangerous. &gt;&gt; He was generally just seen as errorprone and costs a lot of fighters wins or just way worse damage through a ton of mistakes over the years. So, you might be wondering to yourself, what ever happened to this guy? Well, as it turns out, basically he hasn't gone anywhere. Take a look at this photo. Do you see it yet? Boom. There he is, hidden in plain sight this whole time. Wisely, Masagati stepped away from all the public scrutiny of being one of the world's most despised referees over the years and instead is now a timekeeper. And he's actually been doing that for quite a long time now. It's one of those things that now that you know about it, you'll probably find it hard not to notice anytime the UFC is in Vegas. Number three, disappearing clock. You know, it's funny putting these two entries back toback because I didn't really realize it when I was writing it that they were connected. But it turns out the way timekeeping is done in the UFC used to be a lot different. In case you didn't know, commissions are entirely separate from the UFC, PFL, or any other promotion in the US. That means refs, the judges, and indeed the timekeepers are all employed by the state commissions. So that presented actually kind of an awkward problem you would never think about for the production crew behind UFC events. The time clocks they made for years and years actually wasn't accurate because the commission again doesn't work for the UFC and is not part of the broadcast team. And so if you go all the way through their history, the way the UFC handled this in the last 10 seconds of the round, just as the clapper sound would be heard, they bulled the time clock 10 seconds early because it was pretty much always just a guess trying to line up their clocks with the commissions. If you would have seen it count all the way down, you would have obviously [music] noticed. And this lasted all the way till UFC 251 during the pandemic, which was the first event where they [music] finally just had the UFC and the official timekeepers, I don't know, work together. So basically, for almost 30 years of the UFC being around at that point, [music] they had this really strange workaround. And yeah, I totally get the conflict of interest of working with officials in the UFC together, but not for this. This took way too long for them to just do the obvious thing. Number four, a busted Bentley. I think everybody's favorite person to hate in MMA right now is Jon Jones. Between everything he's done inside and outside of the cage, he's pretty much always struggled to make real fans. But if you look at his early PR image in the UFC, he was kind of just portraying himself as the well-raised innocent preachers kid. So what happens? Well, preachers kids are never really innocent for one, but Rashad Evans pointed out pretty early who Jon really was. &gt;&gt; I have a story that can inspire others. and inspiring other means way more than me. &gt;&gt; Your fabric is fake. &gt;&gt; My fabric is fake. &gt;&gt; Tell me how my faith is shot. My fake. &gt;&gt; You can sit up here and put on the holy, oh, John, I'm this and I believe in this and that, but I see you. But the first crack to really bust through the facade of Jon Jones as the babyface good guy was actually just one month after he beat the man who just called him fake. That's right. Jon Jones found himself in a DWI situation, May of 2012. It was his 2012 Bentley that had crashed into a telephone pole at the corner. And it was determined that John's was driving the vehicle. He was arrested and charged with a DWI. &gt;&gt; It was actually so interesting at the time that Sportsnet actually caught up with a ton of fighters to get their reactions to this. They legitimately were surprised at the time, but most just saw it as a careless out of character moment that they assumed would just never happen again. &gt;&gt; Wow. a little bit sad, you know, because Joe Jones is is a really nice guy with me. He's he's really nice. I like him. &gt;&gt; What a shock for me. You just wouldn't expect Johnny Jones to be doing that at, you know, I don't know. It's It's just It's tough. &gt;&gt; We We all mess up, you know. [music] Just learn from it and just move forward, you know. &gt;&gt; You know, I like Jon Jones. He's he's a good guy, young kid. He made a mistake that night and and we'll see what happens. &gt;&gt; Of course, this would just be the first of several instances of the same thing. and just 3 years later, he'd break a woman's arm who was pregnant in the [music] process. But in 2012, this was effectively the first obvious warning of things to come. Number five, the swoosh. And speaking of Jones, he's one of the very few MMA athletes in all of MMA to at one point in time actually have a Nike sponsorship. But he's not the only one. Memorably, JDS and Anderson had sponsorships in Brazil. And even guys like Kel Uno and Akiyama were big enough stars in Japan before all that to dawn the famous swoosh. Jones ironically signed the deal with Nike the same year he crashed his Bentley and actually sold out his first pair of signature shoes in just 2 minutes, just before UFC 159 when he fought Chel Sunonnen in April of 2013. So what happened to Nike in their MMA push? Aside from a ghost town of a Twitter account with only 286 followers, well, basically nothing remains. Well, apparently it wasn't the DWI from 2012 since they released his shoe in 2013. No, it instead was this incredibly famous incident. According to Jones, [cheering] I'm honestly shocked it was two fighters, well, I mean fighting. I know it was unsportsmanlike, but what's worse, that or the DWI? Jones would later say Nike left him for mutual reasons, but this incident's timing seems awfully convenient. Anyhow, that was in 2014, which also happens to be the same year Anderson Silva was on hiatus from his broken leg. And of course, the same year the UFC announced their Reebok exclusive fight apparel deal. So, that means JDS and all the others were dropped, too. Who knows, though? Would Nike still be working with athletes today if that brawl didn't happen? And maybe it would be them as the UFC's exclusive partner instead of Reebok. Probably not. But if you want to talk about fumbling the bag, this was definitely it. Number six, an old phone number. I swear we'll get away from Jon Jones here in a moment. But man, for anybody who remembers UFC 151, well, it was the first event under Zufa to outright get cancelled. Basically, Jon Jones was supposed to fight Dan Henderson, but Hendo injured his knee leading up to the fight, and Jones's camp felt it was too short notice to accept a replacement, even though it was just Chel Sunn. So, it's a bit confusing and kind of a weird story, but it's possible the UFC might have been able to save the event had they had just a couple more days time. Turns out they did have that potential opportunity. We didn't find out until 8 days before the fight's cancellation that Dan Henderson was for sure out. Shell Sunnen was being turned down by Jones and the whole thing would be scrapped. Well, it turns out he knew about three weeks before he ever told the UFC, but he did actually try to reach out to Dana White that weekend. The problem, well, he had the wrong phone number. I just love the idea of some rando getting a text from Dan Henderson that he was going to be out of UFC 151. Dude must have been losing his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Anyhow, it wasn't until Monday or Tuesday, you know, the week before the fight, that he finally did get a hold of Dana White with the correct phone number this time. And by Thursday, they had to make the announcement that none of their backups were going to pan out 8 days from the event. But just a couple more days on such a short time scale could have made all the difference. But none of that happened thanks to Dan not having the correct phone number. Number seven, Fedor's lackluster opponent. At one point in time, Fedor was without a doubt the greatest fighter we'd ever seen in MMA, especially when he was on top in Pride. But as his dominance started to fade and his career began to shift away, his retirement in 2012 actually seemed like it could be pretty legit and maybe the last time we'd ever see him in MMA. That's when in 2015, Fedor actually showed up to a Bellator show and announced he'd be competing in a new promotion, one ran by the same promoters of Pride in Japan, and it would feature him headlining a big MMA tradition in the country, and that was their New Year's Eve show. FIGHTING IN THE MAIN EVENT, NEW YEAR'S EVE IN JAPAN. MY QUESTION for you, all you've accomplished, why are you coming back to mixed martial arts? I am fighter and I and I am a ready. &gt;&gt; But against who? Well, they didn't announce an opponent for Fedor on stage that night and this sent the whole community into wild speculation on who it could be. But that's when reports from Ariel Wani started to emerge and his opponent was Jade Deepep Singh. Wait, who? At the time, he was mainly a kickboxer with only a single fight in MMA and that win was over a guy who was 0 and1 when they fought. again goes for the shot. Oh, he needs to be careful. &gt;&gt; Big boy that hurt. OH, AND HE TAPS. &gt;&gt; NOW, to give credit to Jade, he did have a halfway decent kickboxing career and did manage another quick win in MMA just after this announcement. But this was his second fight ever, and he was going to fight one of the greatest fighters in history. And yeah, the fight went pretty much exactly how you'd expect. Jade only fought two more times in MMA and you can guess it didn't go well there either. He hasn't fought since 2017 and is finished with a 2 and3 record. Number eight, 91 years old. Speaking of old legends in their twilight years, the very last fight on the legendary Mark Coleman's record took place at UFC 109 in 2010 at the ripe old age of 45. Meanwhile though, Randy Couture himself was 46, which meant this was officially the oldest combined age of a UFC main event ever. &gt;&gt; This is going to be an amazing fight with two guys who are up there in age, but are still very, very good fighters. &gt;&gt; The guys are teasing me, saying we should hold it, the teaers and call it the geysers, the teaers. &gt;&gt; And this record is pretty much never going to be broken in the UFC. I don't see how anybody ever gets older than that and fights in a main event. Although Bellator did insist on outdoing them when Hoist Gracie and Ken Shamrock fought at ages 49 and 52 respectively for a combined age of 101 years. As for the individual record for the oldest fighter in the UFC, well, that distinction falls with Rob Van Clee. He fought way back at UFC 4 in 1994 when he was 51. He was mercifully choked out by Hois Gracie instead of a gory bludgeoning thankfully. Number nine. Can I do that again? I suppose it's understandable with the unbelievable amount of content they have on UFC Fight Pass to have a few mistakes, but [music] there are tons of errors that have never been edited out of their shows. Most notably, Steven Cuadro and Pride spoiling an entire fight because he had literally recorded it after the fact. They [music] were faking live commentary. That was a whole thing Pride used to do before they went with actual live commentary. But one of my favorite ones is an extremely bizarre WEC event opener where Ron Krook was interviewing WEC 15 co-main Aveners Co- Escovido and Poppy's Martinez. &gt;&gt; Beat him, I'll become I'll get well known. Bust. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure exactly what goes wrong here, but it looks like Poppy's just messes up his answer or something. So, Ron Krook quickly interrupts to say to redo the whole segment, and they awkwardly just kind of stand there for about 10 seconds while the camera crew readjusts. I have no idea how this never got taken out of the show. It's super awkward as everybody is nervously resetting. And yeah, there you have it. Tell your friends at a party about this next time you see them or something. Number 10, [music] get that strap on. Wait, what did I just say? One thing that's become very popular in combat sports lately is the idea of fighting in a pit instead of a cage or a ring. Obviously, a ring kind of sucks as people can fall through it. Or in MMA, well, it's just kind of hard to see through the cage when you're watching in person. But the originator of this type of fighting arena goes back a few years to Yama. It was the old owner of the UFC, Bob Myowitz, hoping to utilize his connections over the years as MMA had finally gotten popular. You know, unlike when he was running the UFC. So, this pretty much meant all his old buddies from back in those old school UFC days, like the commentary team were back, and honestly, a lot of the same fighters from the '9s as well. But one of those old friends he brought in to help out was the particularly strange Scott Frell. Are you ready to shake it? Please give some love to Chris Tukshire. Refereeed by Big Dan Mergl ought to stomp you out. Beautiful match up of warriors and freaks are ready to pound and dance. Moving his MMA record of 49 wins, 11 losses with no draws and grabbing that Yama pit belt to strap on. So, I remember seeing these bizarre clips and was always extremely curious about who the hell this guy even was. And he kind of talks like that all the time, believe it or not. He's just this wacky radio sports guy. &gt;&gt; Man, I mean, you're boring me. I I hate to be rude, but honestly, dude, it's like you're just like the Cardinals are the only thing that matter. All right, you win. You win. &gt;&gt; And yeah, that is sort of his real voice, at least nowadays. It didn't take long for me to find some of his old stuff from back in the '9s where you could just kind of hear him going in and out of the voice at times. &gt;&gt; What's up? Get him a cola for the king's win. They were all about pop eight corners, filling up the lead, going. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it turns out he didn't always sound like he smoked literally a thousand cigarettes every single day. It was a voice he was putting on. Honestly, this might be the dumbest gimmick I've ever heard because it literally sounds like he stripped out his vocal cords over the years. Either way, the guy's actually made it pretty far with CBS Sports, Howard Stern, OP, and Anthony, and plenty of other TV show appearances. So, I guess who am I to judge? So, I suppose that's his comedy grind. And I guess that combined with him being a sports guy already is why Bob Myitz hired him for that one and only Yama Fight Card back in 2007. Number 11, X going to fix it to you. Around this same time period of MMA just hitting it big and everyone trying to cash in on it, a random promotion based out of Alabama decided that they were going to go extremely big with MMA in 2009 and enlisted the MMA skills of DMX. Fight [snorts] posters were soon made and not only did it include him versus Eric Martinez, who was an actor randomly as his opponent, but it was also going to be headlined by Butterbean versus Tank Abbott. But as you might have already been able to figure out, this event never happened. So, what went wrong? Well, similar to Wesley Snipes nearly facing Joe Rogan in the UFC back in the day to help cover legal costs. Well, DMX was looking to do the same as a desperate attempt to gather some quick funds. And just as quickly, well, he decided maybe fighting for real wasn't for him. The promoter alleged he was demanding the fight to be fixed in his favor to win. Too bad for DMX, he didn't know Isaac Delgarian's shadowy backstage betting connection and the promoter sensibly said, "Well, no." So DMX pulled out of the fight. Lawsuits went flying as Thunder Promotions claimed he costed them hundreds of thousands and sued him for $1 million. I couldn't find anything about the lawsuit beyond these announcements or any kind of settlement, but supposedly they had tried to get the rapper Culio to replace him, but in the end, the card never happened and instead Thunder Promotions held just two events that were just kind of unremarkable and folded later on that following year. Number 12, Noonsense Metalhead. In what is perhaps the most random episode of Theo Vaughn's This Past Weekend [music] podcast, he brought on Dominic Cruz's favorite referee, Keith Peterson. Theo is becoming one of us more and more, isn't he? &gt;&gt; All nonsense. Keith Peterson is a complete [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Funny how they talked about how Keith Peterson's voice has always sounded super raspy and that he uses it to great effect and a couple tough guy hardcore bands. Actually, &gt;&gt; part of it was that one of the reasons you even got into singing, just cuz your voice was kind of different or &gt;&gt; uh like it just happens to be that my voice kind of fit the hardcore thing, but I liked hardcore way before that. [music] &gt;&gt; There's two singers in this band. &gt;&gt; GF Why, the band that Theo is desperately trying to relate with Keith on here. Well, in 2002, they were officially listed as quote unquote beatd down hardcore, which is exactly what it sounds like. And so, yeah, safe to say they got into a fair few scraps back in their day. &gt;&gt; We'll kill everybody from the square. &gt;&gt; Bring your brass knuckles. &gt;&gt; They're good guys around here. &gt;&gt; You can actually find a ton of their live performances on YouTube, ranging from back in the day to some reunion shows in more recent years. Same goes for his other band, Losers Sometimes Win, which has similar vibes. &gt;&gt; Somebody make us a couple of uh put together a few memes of um of no nonsense with some long hair. Just we just so we have them for the future. Let's we'll we'll throw a couple of them in. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Number 13, undefeated retiree. You almost hear of no one retiring while they are on a hot streak, let alone literally never losing and getting out before the age of 25. One such man that happened to do all of that and reach some of the top levels of the sport was Philip Miller. Many of you definitely won't recognize his name as he exclusively fought and competed as a middleweight in the UFC and the regional scene during the dark ages. So basically nobody got to watch him fight. But way back in his second fight, he actually took out a young Jake Shields. But he was a standout middle at a time the UFC was absolutely desperate for them. Dude actually won several tournaments, including that same night he beat Jake Shields in IFC, but also WVC and competed in a ton of great regional promotions like King of the Cage and Gladiator Challenge before competing for the UFC in 2002 when he was at the infamous Brawl in the Hall London card at UFC 38 taking out James Zik. They are ON THEIR FEET HERE IN ENGLAND &gt;&gt; and at [music] UFC 40 later on that year taking out another giant prospect and hype train at 9 and one with Mark &gt;&gt; Weer. [cheering] IT'S A BEAUTIFUL [screaming] BEAUTIFUL SUFFICIENT &gt;&gt; BUT he never fought in the UFC again. He took one last fight in 2003 outside of the promotion and decided the injuries he was putting on his opponents were probably in store for him down the line. And this being the Dark Ages, well, yeah, he didn't really see the sport having too much for him. Sher Dog has a great article where he laid this all out and felt his health was just too much of a risk to put on the line. He is definitely one of MMA's early what-ifs. [music] 16 and0. Wow. Number 14, the math teacher. Speaking of standout middleweights in the dark ages, [music] back during their roughest years, the UFC was scrambling for any legitimacy to show this sport wasn't what it was branded to be by politicians in the early 2000s. Enter [music] Rich Franklin, a cleancut champion who not only fought extremely well, but could carry himself like a professional outside of the cage. And what aspect of his personality really helped with his clean image? Well, yeah, he was a math teacher. Franklin, I'm looking at your resume. Boy, you you are in a brutal business. Um, you knocked some guy out for 20 minutes. [music] First of all, Bill, I used to be a high school teacher, and I gave up a career as a teacher to pursu pursue something that I had as a dream as a child, and that is to be a professional athlete. &gt;&gt; Do you do it for money? I mean, because there's not that many much money in it, is there? How much money do you make a year? &gt;&gt; I make way more money than I would have made as a teacher. And to say that I'm to say that I'm not money motivated would would be a lie. I can wake up in the morning and teach [music] mathematics and grade papers all day long or I can come into the gym and work out and this is something I'd be doing anyway. I have a passion for combat. This made him the ideal candidate to represent the UFC on talk shows and documentary features during the dark ages and just after as the UFC was breaking into the mainstream. He was of course at the [music] time the UFC middleweight champion and was one of the sport's biggest draws at the time until of course Anderson Silva came along. Number 15, their first main event. Probably to this day the most famous ref call in all of MMA history was when Herb Dean saw what literally nobody else did apart from some slow-mo cameras and a UFC heavyweight title fight between Tim Sylvia and Frank Mir. Everybody just thought he freaked out and stopped the fight too soon. If this is a mistake, it's a colossal one. It's &gt;&gt; inside the octagon opposite of our replay. &gt;&gt; Oh, I saw that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Sylvia's arm was in fact broken. So, this was Herb Dean's calling card for the longest time and is still one of the greatest ref calls, if not the greatest of all time. Something only a veteran savvy ref could do, right? How else could you handle such a high pressure situation with that much self assuredness? &gt;&gt; I saw the arm bow extremely at the forearm. uh not at the elbow, but at the forearm. And um I actually heard it snap. &gt;&gt; Well, it was actually the exact opposite. Believe it [music] or not, and I only just learned this for researching this video. This was actually Herb Dean's first ever main event he repped for the UFC and only his second UFC event, period. That is an absolutely insane thing to pull off with that many people screaming at you thinking that you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. to have actually made a miraculously amazing call. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um I won't lie, I was like, you know what? I swear I saw that snap, but he he played it off real good. Like, hey, I'm not hurt. His courage is down at me. I was like, you know what? I messed up. Um, you know, you know, hey, it's been fun refereeing. I enjoyed it. Well, it's good. That's what I was thinking. &gt;&gt; Number 16. I'll just watch something else. Imagine [music] you just got knocked out in only a few seconds by what is undoubtedly your most hated rival. Honestly, they're a pretty big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to you and then you see them skyrocket in their career trajectory afterwards. You also find out they happen to be in another blockbuster main event and you have an option. Do you then watch or do you try to put it out of your mind entirely? That is exactly the decision that was put in front of Jose Aldo. It was the biggest thing happening in the sport and Aldo didn't want to think about it. So, he decided to skip out on watching. What did he do instead though, you ask? Well, in a combat interview, he said he decided to watch porn. Yeah, that is certainly a choice. Nothing gets you rock hard like avoiding watching your most bitter rival compete, I guess. But of course, he couldn't avoid Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s fight for long because soon his phone was blowing up with notifications because Connor had actually lost as this was the infamous fight with Nate Diaz. Sounds like Aldo had a pretty great night on a few different fronts there. Number 17, lost in translation. If you've ever been nerdy enough to look into the etmology of words, which is just the history of how people come up with a particular word and the history behind it, &gt;&gt; is there anything better than [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [music] Yes, a really good book. &gt;&gt; Yes, I do love to do that. And the reason is you'll find a lot of very interesting origins. For instance, Bootylicious is in literally every dictionary around the world. And the more you realize this sort of thing, the more you realize languages just formalize slang over time. And another phenomenon alongside this is the idea of transliterations which means different languages adopt a new word from another language but not coming up with their own word for it if that makes sense but instead they just try to spell in a way that looks phonetic and matches the way that they speak. Japan is infamous for doing this. So, you got to ask yourself, how the hell does any of this relate back to MMA? &gt;&gt; What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was he talking about? &gt;&gt; Well, for about 10 years, Japan was actually the most popular place for MMA when Pride was on top, and the language barrier led to some pretty famous confusion. Just like McDonald's, the Japanese fans would often transliterate MMA fighters names. But there were some pretty infamous mix-ups. The chief example being Shawn Sherk. He didn't actually have a nickname before he went to Japan. [music] Here's how he told the story on Dmitri Leinsk's podcast. &gt;&gt; I didn't know I had a nickname. The Japanese fans are the ones that named me Muscle Shark and I had no clue, but I just kept catching the American announcer as Boss Rutin. &gt;&gt; I love Gold. &gt;&gt; SO, I kept hearing them talking about this Muscle Shark guy. Muscle Shark. Muscle Shark. Muscle Shark. And like, why does he keep talking about this Muscle Shark guy? Anyway, after the fight was over, boss interviews me and he says, "So, what do you think about the Japanese fans nicknaming you the muscle sharks?" I'm like, "Ah, you were talking about me. &gt;&gt; We're talking about you." Ah, &gt;&gt; shark is Japanese kungji for shark. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. Basically, the Japanese just heard the name shark, understood it as shark, and put it back towards the English-speaking public, who then put it back to the English language. So, you end up with shark being misheard as shark, and now you have a nickname. Number 18, the hidden UFC 1 fight. Everybody knows the story of UFC 1 by now, right? &gt;&gt; I never haven't heard of sports. &gt;&gt; 170 lb small unimposing guy comes in, subs everybody, and hoist Gracie, and we're off to the races, right? That is all of course true, but the cast of characters you usually think of weren't all that competed at this event. For the longest time, it was nearly impossible to find the lone alternate fight on this card. You know, it being a tournament, they had to have two backup fighters ready to step in just in case. And before things like Fight Pass basically had every single fight cataloged, this one was nearly impossible to find. Even their Fight Pass version of this fight is obviously ripped from some really old and worn VHS copy, clearly not properly backed up in any sort of way. And it was a fight between the future King of Pain Christ title challenger, Jason Deluchia, versus Trent Jenkins. And it's actually kind of eerie to watch this piece of a very familiar event that you'd seen everything from, or at least you thought you had, and somehow still be totally new at the same time. And this fight also ended in a pretty notable way. Jason Delucia won by rear naked choke. And according to Jason, this fight wasn't hard to find by accident. He feels that Gracies intentionally hid this fight from the public and made it incredibly hard to find on purpose because this was the first ever recorded rear naked choke in MMA history. He felt that Gracie suppressed it as they wanted to be known for the submissions, particularly ones that they did associate with jiujitsu exclusively. He was a kung fu fighter, so they weren't really expecting him to pull off any submissions. And of course, Jason lost to Hoist twice. once in a Gracie Challenge fight before the UFC and then at UFC 2 where he was armbarred by Boyce. But with all we know about the UFC suppressing things like notably having no wrestlers at UFC 1 explicitly, this certainly seems plausible for them to have swept under the rug, it's also possible that Jason Deluchia is just salty about the losses to the Gracies. He definitely doesn't have a good reputation with Boss Root either. Okay, &gt;&gt; now he says that he's been punched again in the face. And it's not. It's on the chest. You see? You see me punching right straight to the body. And now he's doing it again. Oh, I wish we could do this in slow-mo. I think it's his throat. They say &gt;&gt; I do not like him right now anymore. One, two, bang. And that is the liver shock that finished the fight and that broke his liver. But anyhow, that rear naked choke was a Gracie jiu-jitsu technique to them. And further to that point, Jason was an international star in the early days. There was no real good reason to bury that fight in the years after and he became more infamous, especially in Japan. But you could just as well argue that it was simply an alternate fight and it didn't matter to them. Even still, it was a good fight and totally worth the watch. Number 19, a delirious arrest. Somebody who over the years has managed to maintain popularity despite having a ton of controversies over their years is Rampage Jackson. Whether it's the downright despicable criminal [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with his son, his recent realization that he's done steroids. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Why do you say ros? I never done rosid. &gt;&gt; It's not roids, bro. &gt;&gt; It is steroids. &gt;&gt; No, it's not. It's It's a different molecule. That's what I was told. &gt;&gt; No, it's not. &gt;&gt; Yes. No. That's what I was told. &gt;&gt; Testosterone is a steroid hormone. Roids and steroids. to stop all the same thing. &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But &gt;&gt; or well um doing stuff to reporters. There's always been a crazy story and the craziest one which is saying a lot has to have been the actually psychotic spree he went on only about 2 weeks after losing his UFC lightweight belt to Forest Griffin. I'll go ahead and read you the report from the LA Times 2008 story. Quote, "The incident began when Jackson drove over a curb in Costa Mesa, sideswiped two cars, and drove away with a flat tire." Authorities said a motorcycle officer spotted Jackson weaving in and out of traffic, and tried to pull him over, [music] but the former fighting champion fled, running several red lights and crashing into a Toyota Camry. The quote continues [music] on, "At one point, Jackson drove onto a curb on the wrong side of the road, narrowly missing a bus stop and forcing several people to run for cover. Jackson was eventually taken into custody without further incident." End quote. Yeah, this was so bad that Dana White showed up in person to bail him out of jail for $25,000. So, yeah, what the hell happened here? Yeah, believe it or not, it's actually crazier than it sounds. [music] Basically, Rampage alleged that his close friend betrayed him with his finances and a bunch of other things that he trusted him with. This caused him to go into a religious spiral where he turned to the movie The Secret and somehow convinced himself that if he slept at all, he would [music] die. Not only would he die, but so would his friends that betrayed him. So, not after sleeping for a super long time or barely at all, he hopped into his truck on a quest to go save his friend from sleeping, which meant he would die. &gt;&gt; It's safe to say at that time I was going through a spiritual battle. Couldn't really eat. Couldn't eat. I tried and I couldn't sleep. I probably slept here and there, 1 hour here to 30 minutes here and there, but I really couldn't stay asleep. And then by me turning to the to the um Bible and watching the DVD, The Secret, I put them two together, came to the conclusion that I was very delusional and I thought that the only know the only way we died is by willing ourselves to die because God said, you know, we are eternal beings. And and and I know a guy that I met like I met him like a couple months earlier and I rode around with him and he died in his sleep cuz they were trying to get him to go sleep and they said, "Go to sleep. [music] You need sleep." And I said, "I sleep when I'm dead." Before the accident, I start drinking energy drinks to stay up now cuz I'm scared to go to sleep now. Cuz at this at this point in my time, I we myself to to to die when I sleep. I I called my friend and said, "Are you at home?" And I thought he was going to wheel himself to sleep as well. I jump in my truck and I had to save my friend's life. &gt;&gt; If that all sounds confusing, it's because it is. I'm shocked this is not talked about more. You might assume something else was going on with elicit drug use or something, but shockingly, no. Dana White even had his back. Surprisingly, &gt;&gt; the whole thing didn't make sense to me when when it went down. I was like, the only thing I thought is he must have taken drugs or something. So, I jumped on a plane. I was actually at the police station before he was. That's how fast I got there. I live in Nevada. He lives in California. And uh you know, he was they tested him for drugs. No drugs in his system. No alcohol. He uh he had something called delirium. Rampage was a religious guy and after he lost the fight to Forest Griffin, it was the middle of the summer, stayed in Vegas and went on some kind of fast where he wasn't eating or drinking water. All he was doing was drinking energy drinks and he ended up getting what's called delirium and you have to be treated for it. They treated him for it. He's back. He's normal and uh we're happy. &gt;&gt; So, what kind of punishment did he get? Well, typical celebrity leniency meant despite pleading guilty for all the damage he did and running from the cops, just some probation fines and community service. That's it. &gt;&gt; You know, things happen. I'm okay. [music] That's kind of something embarrassing. I really don't like talking about that. &gt;&gt; Number 20, don't call me the king. one of MMA's first as an Olympic gold medalist to also win UFC gold in multiple weight classes and perhaps being one of the sport's greatest talents who retired on top in his prime and sadly wasn't really able to regain the magic when he returns and retired promptly again hopefully permanently this time is Henry Cejudo. &gt;&gt; I'm just excited to just say goodbye man. Start that new chapter of my life. Like even tomorrow man I'm thinking about staying an extra day cuz I don't want my kids to see me like this. And during his best years, he adopted a persona, the king of [music] cringe. But the funny thing is, he didn't actually come up with that name. The fans did, especially as he began to increasingly more and more play this seemingly intentionally strange character who started bringing props to press conferences and all sorts of goofy stuff. But he didn't think any of it was [music] cringe. He actually hated the nickname fans gave him. I think it's pretty hilarious that he thought at one point everything he was doing was just super badass. He eventually did accept the nickname and embraced it all. &gt;&gt; Where did this come from? Why Why are you celebrating the cringe? &gt;&gt; Because Because people tell me, "Oh my god, he's cringy. He's cring." [laughter] But now, you know what? &gt;&gt; I'm taking it. I'm accepting it. &gt;&gt; Either way, the guy is definitely a legend, and I think we're all happy to see the guy walk away in good health. Number 21, just stop watching. MMA's most enduring meme over the last 30 plus years has definitely been the just bleed guy. I mean, how can it not? And we even sold a Christmas sweater here on this channel paring the whole thing a couple years ago. And yeah, it's pretty self-explanatory why this guy was taken back from UFC 15 way back in 1997. And the story behind this dude is a bit nuts. Bloody Elbow actually caught up with him a few years back and his real name is James Ladner. And this dude got into some really shady stuff to put it mildly. He was a fan of stuff like illegal dog fighting, actual [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fighting, and would even promote his own backyard fights illegally. Basically, he was into anything he wasn't supposed to be. And yeah, he was just a wild dude. And as you can guess, he was super drunk and high when that famous moment happened. And clearly, that forbidden part of watching MMA when it was still banned in a lot of states during the dark ages was a little bit more of what attracted him to the sport. And of course, that means it was also what made his affection for it fade because the more legit it got, the less into it he got. There are a bunch of photos that have circulated of him now. And yeah, normal life definitely got to him cuz he's basically just an accountant now, which is pretty ironic since betting was the core element of a lot of those illicit fighting interests he had. Finance in one way or another, it seems. Number 22, age is just a number. And speaking of regulation showing up some of the more wild sides of MMA over the years, Japan has well gone the other way a whole lot more often and perhaps in no crazier way than holding a fight between a 12-year-old girl and an adult woman. From the promotion that brought you George Lucas's daughter fighting Amanda Lucas with a full Star Wars entrance. [music] Well, they brought you this kid versus adult fight in officially promoted manner. Momo Shamisu was the child in question and she took on the 24year-old Mamoka Yamazaki. And we know that Japan flirts with progressing gimmicks super often, but this was definitely a legit fight and it took place in the not tooistant past in 2017. They did have at least amateur safety gear sub. The good news for us all though is the kid didn't lose in any kind of vicious manner, but actually took down Yamuzaki and pretty quickly locked in a rear naked choke that she just couldn't fight out of. &gt;&gt; The kid here, Momo, did eventually turn pro as an adult in 2023, lost and we haven't seen her ever since. Number 23, Ring Out. Sticking with Japan here for this next one. There have been a ton of crazy MMA spin-offs around the world, but one that you've never likely heard of is called moat fighting. Like, you know, an encircling body of water. They actually had an idea for this at the first UFC with live animals. But here, Genujima, moat fighting, as it's called, actually implemented the concept. And similar to your favorite fighting game growing up, ring out is a thing. From what I understand, this is actually based on a legendary duel between two ancient Japanese rivals that supposedly took place on the island of Ganuima, hence the event's theme and name being based on it. Anyhow, it gets pretty crazy. Here's Marcus Aurelio. No, not the guy from UFC Pride and Dream, but he has the same name. Don't worry about that. in 2022. Here he was absolutely annihilating some poor guy by slamming him into the concrete on the ground and likely breaking his collarbone in the process. And yes, if you didn't catch that, the mode is entirely fake. That's just fog and smoke. So, this poor guy legally got slammed directly onto his head and shoulder as a result. And that was the end of the fight. It's officially listed as a custom rules MMA fight on Tapology, by the way, as Aurelio was technically representing Capoera at the event. Only in Japan, am I right? Number 24, friends turned enemies. One thing you'll have absolutely zero trouble of finding here on YouTube is compilations of Dana White trashing the ever loving [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of Ariel Wani. And of course, you never see the two in the same room anymore. But funny enough, Dana used to really like Ariel Helwani. Don't take it from me, though. &gt;&gt; Ariel Hwani for fanhouse.com backstage at UFC 106 with UFC [music] President Dana White. Dana, what's up? [laughter] &gt;&gt; How are you? Good. This guy's turned out to be one of the best interviewers in MMA, so [music] I try to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with him a little bit here and throw him off his game. &gt;&gt; Well, I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; And to be honest, I think back when MMA was really lacking any kind of legitimacy, nobody would cover them in the press. I think Dana saw Ariel, who worked for AOL at the time, as a useful platform and as an early large vehicle to get his message directly out to fans. But of course, the thing he actually liked about Ariel, you know, asking really tough questions that were interesting and thought-provoking was no longer really needed. And Dana realized he could just completely control his press conferences with softball questions and never actually have to answer a tough question again. So that's exactly what Dana has done. I'm not saying you got to like Ariel, but let's not kid ourselves and act like the questions at press conferences are somehow better than they used to be. They are measurably worse. Dana has effectively turned press conferences into kind of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show if you ask me. At least we have this clip to remember the more hilariously different days, at least by today's standards. &gt;&gt; This guy's turned out to be one of the best interviewers in MMA. &gt;&gt; Number 25, naming your son after a rival. This is the part of the video where things take a bit of a turn. If you don't know the story of Jeremy Jackson, he's a pretty despicable human being. The guy plead guilty to well, let's say for the sake of YouTube doing the rword to a woman, kidnapping, burglary, assault, which was with a deadly weapon, by the way, witness intimidation, and all sorts of crimes. And it all landed him 25 years in jail at minimum, which could extend indefinitely depending on how his hearings go. So yeah, the dude is a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] basically. But back before anybody knew all of this about him, it was just a fighter. And what he's probably most known for very early in his career was his rivalry with Nick Diaz. And truthfully, he gave Nick Diaz the worst beating of his entire career when they fought for the first time back in 2002. &gt;&gt; Oh, heavy left hand. [cheering] &gt;&gt; That heavy left. Another Oh, Nick. Oh, &gt;&gt; looking speed. He needs to be stopped. &gt;&gt; Josh, Josh, stop. Good call, Josh. &gt;&gt; Diaz was just 4-0 when they fought for the first time, and this plunged them into a three-fight rivalry where by the end of it, Diaz had fully avenged that loss. First in IFW and then the UFC. And apparently, this rivalry had such an impact on Jeremy Jackson that when his son was born, he literally named his son Nick in honor of this rivalry. Number 26, the worst case scenario. Probably one of the craziest stories to come out of the world of boxing is the incredibly tragic story of the Welsh boxer Johnny Owen. The guy was a standout talent from the region who slowly built himself up over the years to a 25 and only a single loss that is heavily disputed to this day and plenty of performances proving he was indeed a very strong championship level talent despite his frail appearance. and he at [music] one point found himself in the big time with a WBC title fight in Las Vegas against [music] Lupe Pinto with a record of 45 and5 at the time. This appeared to be his dreams coming true and realizing an international [music] prize fighter status. But sadly for him this was literally the worst possible outcome. [music] Essentially he found himself in a grilling title fight and it was mostly a back andforth one with both men holding their own. But as the rounds wore on, it was clear Pintor was pulling ahead. And that's when the 12th round came along. The next part I won't show you just because even after having learned about the story decades ago, it's still incredibly hard for me to watch this knowing what happens. YouTube likely wouldn't like me showing this to you all either. But the truth is, you are literally watching somebody die if you watch this. And it didn't happen immediately, but the force of the hook thrown by Pinto plunged Owen into a coma so severe that he never recovered [music] and passed away due to complications from that blow. And the shocking part about all this is the mechanics of just what went wrong. Apparently, his jawbone was unusually dense, but his skull was unusually fragile. So, when that hook landed on his chin, well, yeah, his skull didn't survive the trajectory of that punch. [music] And you might be asking, why am I telling you this incredibly sad story about a boxer on an MMA channel? Well, this was one of the more impactful [music] moments for US commissions, as it happened in LA, and it forced more stringent medicals, particularly around the integrity of a fighter's prior fitness and medical checks going into fights. That of course applies to MMA to this day, and [music] it's just a beyond belief scenario really. Number 27, skirting medicals. And so connected to the last fact of this story is that of Douglas Deedge and something you used to hear all the time from Dana still rings true and that's the safety record of the UFC in particular. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. There's never been a death or serious injury in the 12-year history of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. &gt;&gt; I've heard some people contest the serious injury point as CTE has undoubtedly occurred with their athletes. But in comparison to boxing, there have been no paralyzed fighters due to combat moments inside the cage. You know, stuff like that. Whereas something like CTE arguably is down to training and hard sparring, which varies greatly between [music] camps. Some people don't hard spar at all. Either way, since 1993 and the date of this video's recording, there have been zero deaths inside the UFC. Meanwhile, there have certainly been a few outside of the Octagon. One championship famously had a fighter die in Yong Jian Bing from a weight cutting complication and others in various regional organizations around the [music] world. As it relates to pretty much all the big MMA organizations actually though there have been no fatalities outside of Yong Jan Bing and in general there are very few recorded deaths in the sport at all. Most of them having occurred in unregulated bouts you know where proper medicals and stuff like that weren't carried out. But that's not saying that's 100% the case outside the UFC. A few have happened under medical supervision. But the first death to ever occur in MMA period was that of Douglas Dej out of Chipley, Florida, who not only competed in unregulated bouts, but openly ran away from regulation to avoid medicals in [music] the first place. Joe Hall and Brad Utter wrote an in-depth piece on his story for sure.com on what exactly [music] happened. He was in fact deemed not fit to fight living in Florida and despite having a striking [music] background was said to not really understand how to even throw a punch and had no real grappling ability. Worse yet, he was said to have went through strange spells of losing his vision in training and all sorts of dizziness. [music] But he was determined to fight anyway and he learned of a cash prize in Kiev, Ukraine in 1997. There were no pre-fight medicals. His corner remarked that a heartbeat was never [music] even taken at the event. This is again one of those moments I will not show due to its disturbing nature. But to sum it up, after taking some ground and pound, he tapped out, but shortly after standing up, collapsed, and never regained consciousness. It's a stark reminder of the fact that what we watch on TV most Saturday nights can go from fun to incredibly serious the moment anybody [music] tries to skirt these regulations. And at the time it took place, it couldn't have been much worse than it ended up being. This was just as the dark ages was unfortunately hitting in the US. And this only made it look more barbaric to onlookers &gt;&gt; because people want to see anything could happen and and you can't go past it. Joel, it's human nature that people say, "Hey, someone could die tonight." Maybe that's the reason they're buying it and now it happened. It's a [music] sport or qualified athletes. When these little organizations pop up that have nothing to do with the UFC, that's where the problem may occur. &gt;&gt; Number 28, Sports Illustrated. Back to the more positive side of things, it's actually kind of crazy to look back at how important print media used to be not too long ago. Because in the 2000s, after the tough boom had already happened and the UFC was starting to create big stars in the US, it was still being gatekept out of the larger and more respected sports world. I mean, Dana White used to hate ESPN for one. &gt;&gt; ESPN doesn't care about the sport. ESPN hates this sport. They won't even cover it. They don't cover the sport. And in that same time period, Sports Illustrated magazine was among one of the most popular ways people would digest sports in general. It was the era just before smartphones took over. And funny enough, one month before the launch of their very first iPhone. Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything. In May of 2007, Roger Huerta, perhaps MMA's biggest derailed hype train ever, was the first MMA athlete to grace the cover of Sports Illustrated. And this was the heir of the sports [music] rapid growth. And Sports Illustrated was simply asking the question, "Is this too brutal or not?" Funny enough though, Huerta was indeed a rising star. The then managing editor for Sports Illustrated, Paul Fitchenbomb, told Chuck Minenhal in an article for The Athletic that they basically just chose that photo for the cover because it looked cool. They didn't really care about Huerta. They didn't know about anybody in the sport back then. They were just on the outside looking in. Of course, Huerta's career shined incredibly brightly in this moment, but he would notably fall to a string of losses, and he couldn't find a footing to come back from as he went from 20 wins and only one loss by the end of 2007 to winning just two fights [music] out of his next 10. Crazy enough though, his last fight was in September of 2024 [music] for the PFL. It's unclear if he'll ever compete again, but pretty unlikely he will. Number 29, the first TV fighter. Speaking of the first cover for a large magazine, well, what about the first fighter on American television? At first thought, you might just think it's obvious to say the first UFC fight at UFC 1, but there's a pretty clear distinction [music] between pay-per-view and regular television. And that took a surprisingly long time to happen, as under the original UFC ownership, they never actually had a single regular TV fight even before it was banned by politicians. It was only pay-per-view. So that didn't actually happen until the year 2002 when Fox in the best damn sports show period. Yes, that was really the name of their TV show back then. They decided to give MMA and UFC a shot putting a live event on their program. And the first fighter to ever be televised was none other than Robbie Lawler. &gt;&gt; Robbie Lawler, Iowa. It was only his sixth fight ever and his second for the UFC when he took on Steve Burgerer as the curtain jerker for the show called UFC 37.5. Yeah, they called it that because fight nights back then didn't exist yet and UFC 38 was already booked. So, this was their puzzling event branding. Anyhow, Chuck Liddell took on Vtor Rebel for in the main event. And for one reason or another, this didn't actually lead to any more shows with Fox as everyone was still pretty sheepish about putting MMA on TV back then. Of course, the UFC would sign a deal with Spike before finally coming back to Fox about 10 years later in 2012 for their first major network TV deal. Number 30, the UFC logo looks familiar. Yes, speaking of TV deals, the UFC for the longest time didn't really have the greatest logo during the SEG era. I always think it looks like the Community School mascot. &gt;&gt; The perfect mascot. No stereotypical identifiers from any race or gender. &gt;&gt; Sorry. Hey, say hello to our ethically neutral mascot, the Greenale human being. &gt;&gt; Anyhow, my point about TV deals is how obviously derivative the UFC logo is of, well, the ESPN logo. I mean, just look at them side by side. Even the same placement for the gap in the lettering. And to be fair, I think it was a pretty great idea at the time. This was when they were still seen as barbaric Blood Sport. You don't want to be seen as a freak show that should be banned everywhere? Well, why don't you just add a bit of familiarity into your logo? It's a small thing, but it goes a long way. And yeah, apart from the slight tweak in 2015, this logo has largely remained exactly the same. It's pretty fitting they ended up on ESPN as long as they did. Number 31. It's okay. Speaking of the beginnings of Zufa owning the UFC, something that often gets credited to them specifically is the idea that the old UFC ran away from regulation. &gt;&gt; And this is how the old UFC fell apart. He said, "What are you doing? you can't go put on fights that aren't regulated by the athletic commission. And the old owner of the UFC said, "I'll do whatever I want to do. You can't tell me what to do." So, what we did was we did the exact opposite. We ran toward regulation. &gt;&gt; That's actually a complete myth. Even as early as 1997, they were on board with being sanctioned, but were being turned down by those commissions. &gt;&gt; They say, "I have no problem with anybody who wants to regulate us and anyone who wants to say this is the rules." That would be great, too. We're not opposed to that. In fact, before Zufa ever bought the UFC, they had already sought out and become sanctioned by New Jersey, which is why that was the birthplace of the MMA rules as we know them today. You know, the unified rules. It was only a couple months before Zufa bought them [music] out, but in November of 2000 at UFC 28. That was their first event officially sanctioned by New Jersey. &gt;&gt; We thank all of those from the New Jersey State Athletic Board, Larry Hazard, the commissioner who helped this to happen. Even before that in Iowa at UFC 21 in July of 1999, the UFC had already started adopting boxing scoring system as a way to move to a more familiar way of conducting combat. They had already changed to 5-minute rounds. So yeah, the old UFC did a lot to establish the rules as we know them today. Way before Zufa came around. By the way, Bob Hyruitz, the old UFC head, was even threatened with lawsuits after accusing Lorenzo Fertitta of blocking the UFC's regulation in Nevada, you know, Las Vegas. And that's because Lorenzo Fertitta actually used to be the head of the Nevada State Athletic Commission. And sure enough, within 3 months of the UFC being bought by Zufa ownership, they were magically sanctioned in Nevada, where the old SCG ownership had been trying to get regulated all along. &gt;&gt; And it looked like we had the votes. We were told we did and about midnight I got a phone call that one of the commissioners had changed his mind. It turns out that commissioner was Lorenzo Fertitta that he had changed his mind and that we wouldn't be able to get approval. But what Zufa had inherited although obviously a great thing did have some major downsides. Having all these commissions on board meant a lot more red tape than ever and of course drug testing. And at their only second event in Las Vegas under the new regulations, sure enough, Josh Barnett managed to test [music] positive, which is the first ever known failed drug test in UFC history. So, what did they do? A simple warning. That's right. They treated it like an incidental speeding infraction and just let him off with a warning. Oh, and guess what? He failed in his next fight. And that was the one he won over Randy Couture for the UFC heavyweight title. You cheated when I specifically asked you not to. &gt;&gt; Number 32. So bad they quit. You guys no doubt remember Patty Pimpblelet versus Jared Gordon, right? Essentially, a firestorm was created out of what was considered to be a loss for Patty Pimpblelet by most after Gordon won the first two rounds by most 90% of fans vote on MMA decisions. And the media was even harsher with only a single outlet scoring it for Patty. Yet, all three judges scored it [music] for Patty. So, who was to blame for this? Well, two of them are extremely suspect in terms of having bad scorecards all the time, like Chris Lee and Douglas Crosby, but also Big John McCarthy's son. &gt;&gt; My son was one of the judges and I and he asked me and I said, "You got that wrong. I thought Jared Gordon won 2928." &gt;&gt; But what really got people's attention was the extremely bizarre circumstances for Douglas Crosby. Not only was he seen to be on the wrong side of this decision, but the literal day before that, he was in Unkusville, Connecticut on the other side of the country and managed to put an even worse scorecard together for Bellator in a title fight between Rafian Stos and Danny Sabatello. He somehow managed to give the overwhelming consensus loser of the fight, Sabatello, a 5045 scorecard. The guy who lost. &gt;&gt; Doug Crosby scores the fight 50- 45. He sees it for Satello. &gt;&gt; Mind you, his fellow judges had him losing. So, this guy puts in an abomination of a scorecard and then flies to the other side of the country in Las Vegas the very next day and then does Patty versus Jared Gordon on a scorecard in the next fight for the UFC. Needless to say, this drew an immense amount of backlash. [music] If somebody has 6 and 1/2 minutes of control time on me, I would in my own position wonder, okay, yeah, maybe I could see how you would think that the other person won. You don't see that at all from any others cuz it's 15 minutes long. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I understand. &gt;&gt; I saw you, by the way, you roll your eyes when Patty won. &gt;&gt; Shouldn't have won. &gt;&gt; I thought that I thought it was a close decision. &gt;&gt; I thought Jared won. &gt;&gt; Crosby's defense on Chel Sun's podcast was essentially him just saying, "Judges don't have time to think. &gt;&gt; You've got to assign a numerical value to what you just saw, and on average, you get about 15 seconds to turn that score in." [music] well, judge it during the whole round instead of the last 15 seconds. Not only how the backlash was apparently a very effective deterrent because as of when the fight happened, he's basically quit judging all major MMA events. No UFC, one single PFL event, and now he's relegated to smaller events. So yeah, this basically made him quit judging large MMA events. Number 33, the UFC is rehearsed. The UFC is fake. I knew it. I knew it. [music] Isaac Dulgaren and James Krauss were actually the only real competitors all along. &gt;&gt; I'll put the system on trial. &gt;&gt; Okay, so no, not the fights themselves are rehearsed, but to a really surprising level of detail, pretty much the entire UFC show is for everything else well rehearsed. UFC's play-by-play commentator Brennan Fitzgerald on his own YouTube channel, which you guys should check out, always highlights this really cool stuff. and he's broken down how they literally walk through the entire entrance to the point where they have some mock guy walk out with him. All those walk-in talks you see on air with Heidi Androl or Megan Olivia are rehearsed. And of course, so do the commentators with their show opens and all of that. So yeah, the UFC is kind of cookie cutter with their events looking pretty much exactly the same no matter where they are in the world these days. But that doesn't mean they aren't constantly working at maintaining it all. And it is pretty impressive. Number 34, fighter philanthropist. You guys remember when Rampage Jackson and Rashad Evans coached the ultimate fighter against each other? [music] Yeah, of course you do. It was definitely one of their most star-studded seasons with everyone from YouTubing boxers to NFL players and even goat level comedians. &gt;&gt; One of those athletes from the show that certainly had gotten overlooked was that of Justin Ren. Things didn't go his way on the show and he was not brought on to the UFC's roster, but he kept competing and he even went over to Bellator and fought as late as 2017, finishing his career on a six-fight win streak. But all six of those fights happened over the course of 6 years with him actually taking a ton of those years off. But it makes you wonder what happened to the guy if he was doing this well in big-time promotions. Well, the dude even while competing and in between those years of activity massively got involved with helping people around the world. You can see him and his foundation fight for the forgotten is literally going on location to give clean water throughout Africa and especially the Congo. He's been on Joe Rogan's podcast to talk about his book that chronicles his experiences over the years and yeah, he's just a good dude all around. I knew that there was gold and diamond mines there and that they were slaves in those, but I had no clue what Colan [music] was. And they were really excited to give it to me. You know, this is why they're slaves. Lowest I've seen is 300,000 pygmies. And then another I've seen is 600,000. And pygmy actually literally translated means elbow height. So, I mean, they're smaller than everybody else. It's almost like they're just uh the worst bullying victims uh that have ever been. We want to free these people and give them a sustainable ways of life. It's really rare to see a fighter retire on a win streak, but the reason is probably the most surprising and yeah, worth talking about. Number 35, Freeird. Speaking of tough contestants, one of the show's winners bizarrely capped off his tough win in 2021 by singing a couple of minutes of the famous song Freeird. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus. &gt;&gt; Useless facts, just as the title says. To my knowledge, this is the only time somebody's actually saying karaoke at a press conference. Credit to Ricky Tersios for hitting us with the Robert Goule of all things. [music] &gt;&gt; Number 36. No Olympics for you. A ton of Olympians have competed in MMA. You've got gold medalists like Randy Jackson from back in the day. &gt;&gt; It was kind of hot. &gt;&gt; You got gold medalists like Kevin Jackson from back in the day or Henry Cejudo which almost no one seems to know about. He never talks about it. Or of course with judo like Ronda Rousey or Kayla Harrison. And one of the original judoka stars in the UFC was Caro Parisian. Well, sort of not with him [music] though. That's because he was lined up to go to the 2004 Olympic trials to culminate in the summer Olympic games. Those were happening in Athens, Greece that year. But as he was preparing for the trials, sure enough, he was 9 and2 in MMA already and got the call to fight in the UFC for the very first time in his career. [music] By the way, he trained under Judo Gene Label and Jabichen, two of the greatest judokas. So yeah, he was someone the UFC wanted to sign and a [music] real hopeful for the Olympics. So he accepted that fight and just a few months out from the trials in September of 2003. IT'S ALL OVER. Submission victory for Carl Parisian. Beautiful &gt;&gt; first round finish. So all set then, right? Well, it turns out as he wrote in his own book, he messed up his ribs really badly during the fight and was not able to make the trials. His loss of course was our gain in MMA. Who knows how much different things would have gone if he managed to make the Olympics and gone down that path. I'm sure he would have ended up in the UFC a little later, but you never know. The real what if though are his issues with pain pills and how his career was pretty much cut off at the knees and it spiraled out of control. &gt;&gt; Know there's guys like Carl Parisian who have put on a lot of great fights for me over the last few years. Carl Parisian is going to have to pull himself together and get his life together. You know, &gt;&gt; number 37, nothing to something. The complete reverse of Carl Persian's story though is that of Matt Brown who managed to overcome very similar issues. Instead of pain pills for injury sliding into abuse, however, it was a completely different kind of drug, methamphetamine. &gt;&gt; You know, I was very naive, very uh man, I was a fool really. But really, my drug of choice was meth back in that day. &gt;&gt; Of course, that wasn't his only drug of choice either. And as a matter of fact, his first fight in MMA would have never happened without alcohol and cocaine. So, what was your first real formal training? Like, what what gym did you first? &gt;&gt; So, I fought before I trained. &gt;&gt; Get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here. &gt;&gt; This guy that was uh um he was supposed to go fight Wes Sims. I said, "Yeah, let's go, man. I want to go with you. I want to see this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up close, right?" So, we go there and I'm I'm doing a bunch of coke on the way. You know, there's he signs up on the table and I was like I was like, "Dude, what is that [music] how you know that's all you got to do?" I said, "Man, maybe I should do that." And then the the guy [laughter] and I literally went across the street. There's a sporting goods store across the street or down the street or something. Went and bought a mouthpiece and uh went out there and I beat the guy. So he actually quit. Yeah, he actually quit. I did, you know, a playground guillotine choke and he just [music] quit. &gt;&gt; MMA Junkie actually made a criminally underrated interview feature with him about his whole process in 2022. We definitely need to bump up those numbers from 9K to a bit more cuz it's a fascinating story. But of course, the guy made it really far in the sport, nearly got a title shot out of it, and was one of the longest tenur fighters in the UFC. It's a legit super inspiring story. Number 38, shut it down. Perhaps the most infamous MMA incident in all of Brazilian history has to be that of Henzo Gracie versus Eugenio Tadoo. [music] Henzo Gracie was of course representing his family's art with jiu-jitsu, where Eugenio Tadoo was representing the rival art of catch wrestling, or more specifically, Lucha Libé. It represented a several decadesl long feud that literally culminated in a near gunfight and various gym raids throughout the years. Luckily though, as MMA became more popular, the two disciplines began to find legitimate routes to get their frustrations out. The Safio instance in 1991 was a giant spectacle broadcast on major Brazilian television and ended with jiu-jitsu reigning supreme. Again, a positive outlet for this rivalry. And there were more Dafhio events over the years, including in 1997 when Pentagon Combat put on their first event looking to recreate the success of Dafio themselves by adding a few standard solid mixed martial arts contest between fighters that have nothing to do with rivalry, topped by two of the forebears of these rival martial arts. Tadu made a very solid account for himself during the fight defensively, but wasn't able to get much going early on and spent most of the fight defending attacks from the top game of Henzo. Surprisingly though, Tadu withtood all those attacks from Gracie to the point it became clear Henzo was getting extremely gassed. [cheering] Just as things began to heat up, apparently a bunch of Lita Libé guys got super excited to see that Henzo was gassing and swarm the cage to see Tatoo's success. One even supposedly punched Gracie, which is just insane. A police officer in attendance, crazy enough, sought to quell the crowd's fear and actually shot off his gun. There's a great article from Marcelo Alonzo on sherdog.com who tells the story that this clearly had the exact opposite effect and the entire arena plunged into a full-blown riot. The whole incident made international news at the time and like I said, this was 1997 when all the regulation stuff was starting to happen to the UFC. And so because of all this insanity, MMA was then actually banned in Rio of all places for three years. Number 39, nail marking. One thing I swear I'd never heard of before researching this video is an old antiquated term from the OG days of MMA in the 1990s, and it's called nail marking. And I'm willing to bet most of you have not heard of this either because it's basically an extinct term. And it's not at all obvious what it means because it's just named after a person, a guy by the name of Steve Nailmark. He was a karate practitioner who fought in UFC 9 and Ultimate Ultimate 1996. He made a good account of himself in those first two fights, but it almost meant a step up in competition too soon as he found himself across the cage with Tank Abbott. [music] Sadly for him, it didn't take too long for Tank to swarm him and to land one of the most infamous knockout blows in MMA history. &gt;&gt; Step in. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. &gt;&gt; This became so famous that it indeed earned its own nickname, nail marking. It's quite specific, though, because his legs were curled up underneath him in such a specific way that is definitely unique. Jake Rosson has an old ESPN article where they caught up with Steve Nailmark himself. And oddly, he claims he wasn't KO'ed at all. No, instead he claims, quote, "I wasn't even knocked out. If you watch the fight, it looks horrible because I just collapsed." He had part of my nervous system that knocked my motor functions out. I collapsed because I couldn't move, but I never lost consciousness." Um, yeah, that is one hell of a rationalization. He was definitely knocked out. Number 40, still on top. When you think of the top stars in the UFC all time, who comes to mind? Probably Connor and Ronda with multiple million plus pay-per-view shows in the era of pay-per-views. Jon Jones had a few good ones. Nate Diaz 2019 Jorge Masvidol with a couple million plus pay-per-view shows. So did Habib. But surpassing nearly all of that going all the way back to 2009 is still Brock Lesnar with 1.6 million pay-per-view buys. Still, after all this time, Conor McGregor is the only star to have ever topped that. And when you put this in context with pay-per-view officially done, this record is basically going to stay that way forever. Unless the UFC somehow someday does bring back pay-per-view for a one-off superstar show, which feels less and less likely, means that these records are effectively now etched in stone and unlikely to ever change. So, Brock pretty much holds that number two slot for eternity. Number 41, the other guy. And Brock wasn't the only great talent to come out of his camp from this time period. Those who kept up with MMA outside of the UFC in the early 2010s will no doubt remember former Bellator heavyweight champion Cole Conrad. He was more than even just an MMA champion back then, though. Also similar to Brock Lesnar was his amateur pedigree in collegiate wrestling. He's a two-time NCAA champion at both Oklahoma State and Iowa, who soon after moved on to MMA, which worked out perfectly with Brock's career needing training partners. [music] But supposedly Brock was the one who told him he needed to start his own MMA career. &gt;&gt; He was like, "Well, you can continue to train." It was kind of tongue and cheek, but you can continue to train with me, but you're gonna have to take a fight. All right, fine. &gt;&gt; And so after becoming Bellator's first heavyweight champion, and defending, no losses, a dominant career, he suddenly disappeared for good. So what happened to him and all that potential and a lot of big fights and money, no doubt, on the way? &gt;&gt; I guess I never set out to be a fighter. I mean, I I I literally just took a fight because Brock and Marty were like, "Yeah, you need to take one." What I enjoyed most of the whole thing was training. It was very much like a team mentality and it was fun. Like we we had a great time. The fight's a fight. &gt;&gt; By the way, shout out to Wrestling Changed My Life's podcast. Go Earn It podcast also to both have full interviews with Conrad if you want to learn more about the guy. He basically outside of these two podcasts has no long- form interviews online and it's still kind of a mystery to this day. But yeah, I guess at the end of the day, he was just a peacock. &gt;&gt; YOU GOT TO LET ME FLY. &gt;&gt; Number 42, the basketball crossover. Probably one of the weirdest careers in MMA, no doubt, originates in Brazil in Sao Paulo, where a 7 foot2 super heavyweight randomly found himself in a sport he basically knew nothing about. And that's the story of Giant Silva. He was a guy who just kind of found himself in MMA. There are a few reports of him dabbling in jiu-jitsu supposedly recreationally, but that's about it. He was actually first found by then the WWF as kind of a successor to fellow Brazilian giant Gonzalez and was recruited similarly because, well, yeah, the world of pro wrestling loves giants to promote. So this led to him also wrestling in Japan who was going through a several decadesl long experiment putting pro wrestlers into very real and legitimate fights but also fixing some of them. It's really confusing but that's what they did. So he ended up in pride. Either way the whole fay in MMA didn't amount to much at all as it was over in about 3 years with a record of 2 and six all in Japan. But what is interesting, and you might not know, is he was actually an Olympian from about 10 years before his whole international pro wrestling and MMA story began. In the 1988 Olympics, you guessed it, he was a center, as giant men tend to be in the sport. Sadly for him here as well, though, this wasn't much of a success, as the Brazilian team didn't make it past the opening round of the tournament, losing to Russia 105 to 110. Number 43, the New Union. Without a doubt, one of the most accomplished coaches throughout the history of mixed martial arts, especially in Brazil, is that of the career of Andre Pedanerys. Big names of the sport include those like Jose Aldo, Junior Dos Santos, Hen Bau, Claudia Gadellia, and even guys like Pedro Hizo and Talis Latees in their most prosperous years, but all sorts of international athletes like BJ Penn and Gay Maynard as well. You just don't get a much more legit coaching record than the one he had in his gym Nova Unao or New Union when translated to English has accomplished. But what about Andre Pendonerys's career for himself? Has he ever competed in MMA? Well, yeah. He actually fought for a UFC title himself back in July of 1999 against Pat Militic for the welterweight strap. He basically just got cut in the second round and the doctors stopped it. But what's interesting about this fight is all the stuff around it. For one, Andre literally only had a single MMA fight before this title shot. This was the tail end of the 1990s and 1999 in the era of SEG nearly going bankrupt. And yeah, that is definitely a factor into how he got this title shot mixed in with a bit of credentialism, you know, his BJJ background was doing a lot of the work to get him in that door. But something that's extremely underrated in this story and how he got a shot at that title is, well, the extremely legitimate when he did have an MMA right before getting it. Japan in those days was ahead in many ways. They had the first MMA organization starting in the 80s. You know, that was with Shudo and even in the 90s with Pancra before the UFC ever had its first event. And so, while boxers were tapping with one glove in the States, being totally baffled by anything on the grounds, Masihiko Kamura was subbing Ilio Gracie more than 40 years prior to the UFC's founding. And one such star in Japan with Shudo was Ruminosato. Fun fact, he fought in a lot of international competition, including armbarring John Lewis, the guy who introduced Dana and the fertitas to MMA. But Rumina also tapped Vanderly Silva's famed coach Rafael Cordderero and even took out Eve Edwards. He was without a doubt one of the top competitors in the world with only a single loss at 12-1 when Andre Pedinerys showed up in Japan to fight him. And so after some fun ground battles between their rival disciplines from rival countries, Andre took advantage of a brief stall in the action. it. [cheering] &gt;&gt; And so, yeah, the title shot against Pat Militic definitely does still look odd in 1999 to only have one win. But when you look at it a little bit closer, it doesn't get much more legitimate than taking out one of the true greats from Japan at the top of their game when that really meant a lot. Number 44, stop the fight. Good or bad, we basically see stoppages in MMA every single week of the year with a referee diving into action to break up an otherwise gory atrocity from taking place. And well, in 1996, Big John McCarthy was pretty much the guy establishing all these norms in terms of what to expect from a top tier referee and keeping a fighter safe. But there was one incredibly unfortunate incident where his well, let's say exuberance sent a fighter literally to the hospital. Many who have watched this time period will instantly know who I'm talking about, and that is Brian Johnston. He was one of those guys who in his heyday really looked like he was going to be a top level star in the UFC, but he could just never really put together the wins. And one such example of that promise was when he took on Raza Nagerie at UFC 11 and Augusta, Georgia for their 1996 event. And that's because it only took him about a minute to manhandle Raza on the ground and get a quick stoppage. But once Big Jon stopped the fight, instead of a celebration, Johnston instead began shouting and cursing at Big John McCarthy. So what happened here? Well, in Big John's haste to protect Raza from further damage, Big John sent his 250 lb plus body, careening directly into the face of Brian Johnson, whose nose was instantly broken. Yeah, it was an honest mistake, but how could you not be pissed if you were him? And sadly, it's a bit of a metaphor for the awful look that Johnston would face in his life. At just age 32, he suffered a massive stroke just after getting married, and it abruptly ended his athletic aspirations forever. Number 45, the prodical heavyweight. In recent years, Francis Ingadu's managed to be the only major fighter to escape the ironclad contracts of the UFC and truly get money fights outside of the sport. Many other stars tried to do this, including GSP during that hiatus he was on before his return in 2017. But probably the biggest analog to Francisanu's struggle was when Randy Couture was looking to fight Fedor and was desperately trying everything he could do to leave the UFC while heavyweight champion and get the toughest fight he possibly could. This was a time when people still viewed Fedor as the top fighter on the planet. Of course, these efforts didn't go very far, though. The UFC won in court, right? Well, I guess you could technically say they did, but not for the reasons you might think. UFC didn't win with ironclad arguments. No, what happened instead was the world of endless litigation that basically saw no end in sight for the proceedings. And as a result, well, I'll let Couture say it. &gt;&gt; Was there any one thing that really made the decision easy for you to go back to the UFC? &gt;&gt; Well, I think just the realization that that I could just be done fighting. It's been a long year kind of sitting on my hands, uh, going through the legal process. That's been frustrating. I think frustrating for both sides in a lot of ways with the legal system the way it is. It could carry on for another year, maybe two, and there's still though no guarantee then that I would be free and clear contractually to fight Fedor somewhere else. The window for me competing is getting smaller all the time at 45. And I just can't afford to sit out any longer. I want to compete. I want to fight while I can. And so, yeah, it was really just an aging man's battle against father time. And already being in his mid4s, he really just didn't have the time to let this go on as long as it needed to. It could have been five to 10 years and his career would have been over by then by a long shot. A wild byproduct of this however though is the equally interesting story of Affliction, his sponsor at the time and then the rival promoter of the UFC who wanted to put on the fight against Fedor. And funny enough, it involved that Wild Ring announcer I talked about earlier, Scott Frell and Affliction headed by Todd Beard. You got Todd Beard, one of the heads of affliction, goes on there and I think he was drunk and he's just taking shots at you saying you, you know, he hopes you get your ass kicked and it's what what's going on here. &gt;&gt; He's been a bit of a loose can in our entire relationship and I think now he's kind of pushed it over the line where the relationship is probably not salvageable. Guys with with drinking problems, I mean, is what it boils down to. Business manager meetings where where he's ordering shots and and just out of control and [snorts] it's not really something that I want to be associated with. I wish I could find this radio interview anywhere, but definitely one of the most unhinged moments that adds all kinds of new wrinkles to the story for me because I'd never heard about this. So, Couture was really getting pressure from both sides when he stayed with UFC or if he tried to go to affliction. Oh, and he got a restraining order from that guy as well. Number 46, weight class nonsense. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, on the note of guys like Enanu going over to boxing and competing in their endless heavyweight division, you know, they don't actually cap it at 265 pounds like MMA. There literally is no weight class limit for heavyweight boxing. Doesn't it make you wonder then if MMA is based on boxing scoring criteria and their rule set, even use the same commissions to officiate fights, how in the world did our weight classes get to be so different? For instance, light heavyweight in boxing is only at 175 lbs. It's 205 in MMA. That's a huge difference. Really, cruiserweight is closest with a cap of 200 lbs in boxing. So, what happens? How is MMA so different since it's clearly based on boxing's classes? Well, the truth is they just kind of winged it. For instance, there were no weight classes at first, then after looking like it would follow boxing and established the first heavyweight class at UFC 12 at just 200 lb or more, and it immediately just made 200 lb and under lightweight. Yes, lightweight used to have a limit of 200 lb and boxing lightweight is only 130 to 135 lb. Basically, the UFC and MMA was like, "Yeah, let's just split up the classes and wherever the gaps are, we'll call it that." So, at one point, they wanted to add more weight classes and [music] they bumped lightweight up to 170 lb and just split between that with middleweight being 170 to 200 lb, which is why Pride still called their light heavyweight class middleweight. That was the old weight class designation that the UFC had in 1997 when Pride started. They originally did base their system off the UFC's, but once they got going and instantly surpassed the UFC, they didn't care to follow the UFC's conventions anymore and never updated to match the unified weight classes. So yeah, in a nutshell, the answer for all of this, the UFC just kind of did whatever the hell they wanted and really just needed quick solutions to the point that the weight class they had ended up being so different from the system it was actually based on. Number 47, top countries. A ton has been said recently about the fact that in the UFC lately, there haven't been many American UFC champions, which of course is notable as it's well an American organization with a White House event in the works. And at any time in the sports history, especially when it was not accepted in pretty much all parts of society and relegated to the 18 plus section of rental stores for a very long time, this kind of White House support would immensely helped back then. And ironically, that was when there were far more American stars to fill up a tributary card to the nation's capital. And so, you might be asking, how bad is it in comparison to the rest of UFC history? Well, at the time of this video's recording, there are only three champions. Kayla Harrison, Joshua Van, and McKenzie Durn. We'll see how long these reigns can manage to last. You know, Nunees is coming up for Kayla Harrison. You got Jeang possibly moving back down to fight Durn, and Joshua Van's going to have to rematch Pantosia. But either way, where it becomes really interesting is when you compare the numbers of total champions from every country. And this really tells you how different it is historically. As you might have guessed, second place is Brazil. They've had 32 champions overall. Third place is already at Russia with just eight. And I do say already because for the longest time it was just Ole Takarov. Basically we're getting most of these champs as repeats like Islam in two weight classes or or what Habib did on Hamzot. Jans had two reigns as well. So that's all the eight basically. And from there it's a tie for four with multiple countries and it just goes down from there. But then how many American champions have there been in the UFC? We already knew they would be number one for the most champions per country. Care to guess? Well, it's actually 100 when you add in the 17 tournament champion winners and 83 division champions. So, yeah, when people talk about the UFC not having as many champions in the states as they used to, yeah, this is definitely why I myself see it as a good thing though because it means the sport is more international than ever before and the more quality fighters means, well, yeah, better matchups at the highest level. Number 48, Angry Birds. You know, over the years, I think most people will agree. In fact, I'm understating it a bit, but most will definitely say Ronda Rousey has made her own losses so much worse than they ever needed to be by the way she's handled them and responded to people, held grudges against people, even like Joe Rogan, who, let's be honest, was probably her biggest cheerleader during the height of her career. And knowing you as long as I've had, and having daughters and it it was so emotional for me. That was the the closest I've ever come to crying while I was I might cry now. When I was interviewing somebody, I really knew that I was like seeing history. You know, &gt;&gt; he wouldn't know. He's not an expert. He's a fan with an audience. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Is that how you feel about &gt;&gt; never thought? I'm going to exit this conversation. [laughter] But there's also the downright awful reputation of her coach Edmund Tarverian and just how much to blame he is warranted his direction as well. Especially after all the insane things he said about her boxing skills. &gt;&gt; Sparring with Ronda is a bit dangerous. [laughter] It's very hard. Our guys try to spar with her. It becomes very crazy. She's knocking out the guys. She's knocking out the guys. And then you learn about the way he treated Rhonda and basically just pretending like Rhonda never really existed and was beneath him in his gym. [laughter] &gt;&gt; You guys are very close. You have a very unusual relationship. &gt;&gt; It wasn't always like that though. Clint Eastwood, Hillary Sicilion Dollar Baby status. &gt;&gt; Who was this American chick in the gym with all the Armenian guys? Stay away from me. You know, &gt;&gt; no one would talk to me about [laughter] &gt;&gt; I I love Armenians. So learning about his incompetence and elitist approach to coaching makes going back and watching what Rhonda's mother and Marie de Mars herself as a judo world champion. Well, hearing what she has to say is quite cathartic. &gt;&gt; Every time I go go into his gym, he says, "How are you?" And I say, "How do you think I'm [music] in your I hate you?" &gt;&gt; Are we talking about one of our current coaches? &gt;&gt; Yes, I hate him. I would run over him with my car if there wasn't loggers. Yes, you could say his name. See, he's not like nameless one from Harry Potter. He's like the most worthless human being God ever put on this earth. I think Edmond is a terrible coach and I will say it publicly. I think he hit the lottery when Rhonda walked in there. She was winning before she ever met him when she walked in there and he wouldn't even give her the time a day for months. He's a bad person and people should not go there. &gt;&gt; And of course, for those that weren't around when she said all this, the timing was kind of an incredible omen for things to come as she actually said this literally just one month before everything came crashing down with the Holly home loss. October 15th was the date of this interview and the loss was November 14th, 2015. [music] Number 49, Teddy Atlas versus the World. If you aren't familiar with Teddy Atlas, he is one of the most legendary figures in combat sports and obviously is more closely associated with boxing. Back in the day, he was an extremely accomplished trainer, which included working with Mike Tyson. And so, you might be asking what his story has to do with MMA. But what really has become his biggest soap box as a broadcaster has been the rampant issues with judging and officiating in boxing, which of course happens in MMA. Boxing is losing their fans. It's in danger of becoming irrelevant. Fans seem to be flocking to the MMA. Who can blame them? I'm sick of seeing the sport that I love falling apart at the hands of people who are just in it for themselves and the mighty [music] dollar they can put in their pockets. And it still shocks me how many people think the UFC's judges and reps are actually just UFC employees. And of course, they're not, which I think is a good thing, is it separates the interest of the promotion, having control of the outcome of their own fights. And what I'm about to show you is a prime example of how promoters and officiators are entirely separate, but also the flaws. Because of course, it's not foolproof, and it is a real struggle in MMA, although it's not nearly as bad as the history of boxing. And nothing further shows this than when on live television, the judges didn't understand how to score a now infamous fight in 2004 between Courtney Burton and Emanuel Augustus. &gt;&gt; Well, wait a minute here. First of all, wait a minute. First of all, they said a split decision. I thought they said a split decision. &gt;&gt; I mean, and it's not a split decision. This this is a travesty here. This is a terrible law. This is what's WRONG WITH BOXING. THIS IS WHAT CHASES OUR GREAT FANS AWAY FROM THIS GREAT SPORT. HOW COME YOU DON'T HAVE AN EVEN SCORE? THAT'S NOT A MAJORITY. YOU'RE TELLING ME IT'S A MAJORITY DECISION. DO YOU KNOW THE RULES OF BOXING? CUZ YOU'RE WRONG. &gt;&gt; I'M WRONG. &gt;&gt; All right. All right. You understand that you're wrong. This official here in Michigan is telling me and he's admitting that he's wrong. &gt;&gt; This is one of the craziest things I have ever seen in sports. It kind of reminds me of a more tame example of when Joe Rogan confronted Mario Yamasaki for his weird disqualification of Eric Silva. &gt;&gt; THESE LOOK LIKE LEGAL SHOTS TO ME. MARIO, WHAT WAS IT ABOUT THIS THAT MADE YOU WANT TO MAKE THIS A DISQUALIFICATION? IT LOOKS FINE FOR ME. THAT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE THE BACK of the head to me, man. &gt;&gt; By the way, those two boxers rematch and let's just say the second time around the right guy won. &gt;&gt; Is it ever? He has not come off that gas pedal and Courtney Burton goes down and avenged what was by far the most disturbing loss in his career. &gt;&gt; Number 50, ESPN versus the UFC. If you've kept up with the UFC and Dana White's many feuds over the years, they include a surprising amount of current or past UFC partners. EA was a big one and of course ESPN as well. Notably, they ran a piece about fighter pay that sent Dana White into overdrive in response. &gt;&gt; ESPN doesn't care about the sport. ESPN hates this sport. &gt;&gt; And part of his reaction to it all, and this being about 7 years before the UFC signed with ESPN, was well, yeah, they kind of did treat the UFC like a third rate product. And this was already 7 years after the tough boom. &gt;&gt; And I do think that ultimate fighting is a sport that celebrates savagery. &gt;&gt; And at one point, John Anick, who you might remember, called Bellator's first show on commentary. &gt;&gt; That will do it. Toby Emma making a statement &gt;&gt; and left to do a dedicated MMA show with ESPN had this to say in 2010. Will we ever see the UFC on ESPN in your opinion? &gt;&gt; I don't think so. I don't think you're going to see live UFC fights on ESPN. I don't know that ESPN will ever get in the game of airing live fights and right now they really don't need to. &gt;&gt; It really just shows you how differently this sport was looked at in the 2010s and how by the end of the very same decade they had completely flipped. I mean the UFC was on ESPN in 2019. But what is surprising is that while Annex said he didn't think they'd ever air UFC fights, he did throw a pie in the sky idea of what could happen. &gt;&gt; So in in 2020, might we see live MMA on ESPN? Sure. But I don't think it's happening anytime soon. Stuff like this makes you wonder what might happen a decade from now. Like, what would your answer be for the next 10 years if you were asked a similar question to what John Anick was here? All right, guys. I think I hate myself just a little bit for making this and having to do this edit while I'm visiting family and trying to juggle work with vacation, but I've been wanting to do a fun video like this for a long time. And we'll probably do another part to this in the coming months if everybody enjoyed watching this one. I personally watch random fact videos like this myself to wind down and I hope it's done the same for you guys today. And by the way, a massive shout out to Luke for helping me on edit. You guys know him. Give his own YouTube a follow if you guys want to see more from him. He massively helped me on this while I'm out of town. Anyhow, guys, I hope life's been good to you. I will catch you on the next video. Peace.