Kind: captions Language: en On May 27th, Ben Ascrin appeared on his podcast with Daniel Cormier. They talked Jones Aspenol, Marabo Mali 2. It was a typical Tuesday in the world of mixed martial arts. They shot the episode earlier than usual because Ben had plans. &gt;&gt; I'm actually going to the Bitcoin convention in Vegas this week and then uh &gt;&gt; so we're rushing because you're going to a Bitcoin convention. The very next day though, everything in Ben's life would change forever. And the next post from him online would be this video 43 days later. &gt;&gt; I actually just read through my wife's journal cuz I don't remember anything from May 28th to July 2. &gt;&gt; Now, without context, the shocking state that Ben is in in that video is heart-wrenching. Even in context, I I can't even watch the whole thing without tearing up a bit. But that that video even exists is nothing short of miraculous. If you're unaware of what happened to Ben or maybe only heard details here and there, let me briefly explain the timeline of events. And mind you, not all the details have been shared and there are conflicting accounts. But as best as I could gather from available sources, at some point in late May, Ben contracted a staff infection that went unattended. While in Vegas for the crypto event he mentioned on the podcast, he was hospitalized and things deteriorated rapidly. Ben's infection had gone septic, meaning that it had entered his bloodstream. This led to a severe and aggressive form of pneumonia that destroyed his lungs and necessitated life support while they treated his sepsis. From that point, things would go dark for Ben. After a week or so, Ben was transported to a hospital in Wisconsin where he remained on life support. Due to the severe damage, the only option outside of permanent oxygen and a ventilator was a double lung transplant. In late June, he was placed on the donor list. And due to the severity of his situation, his youth, and his overall health, he was a high priority patient and received a successful lung transplant about a week later. While the worst is now behind him, the infection and treatment took nearly everything from bed. The physical realities of this story are harrowing enough, but the bleak reality of health care costs is the stuff of nightmares. The average cost of a double lung transplant in the United States ranges from 300,000 to 2.5 million and you end up in the higher range when your insurance denies your claim like Ben's did. But surely he's rich, right? Well, rich and millions of dollars to spend on medical expenses are two different things. Here's one of Ben's closest friends, Mark Bader, discussing this financial situation for Flow Wrestling. Mark has known Ben for decades and was with him regularly in the hospital throughout this ordeal. &gt;&gt; When you walk in there and see a loved one um hooked up the machine that's breathing for him, it's tough. You know, the money that this guy's made is like tied up invested back into the sport. It's in his businesses. It's in his building. It's in the form of wrestlers he's hiring this academy. &gt;&gt; And it is here where this grim, dark story, a desperate and impossible situation finally sees rays of hope shine through in the form of all of you. Ben's wife Amy gave regular updates on the situation and the communities he impacted. Mixed martial arts, wrestling of course, hell, even boxing, had been sending their love from day one. But when word got out that their insurance was denied and that the family needed help, that is when everybody in the fight community started stepping up. Posts on social media about the situation started gaining massive traction. Dana White shared a link to the funding campaign on his socials and the situation was brought up on a UFC broadcast encouraging donations. After his most recent fight, Jake Paul shouted Askin out in the ring and then elaborated on his plan to help afterwards. Hey, I just want to take a moment to say a prayer for Ben Asin and praying for his family. He has a donation link that everyone should go donate to. Insurance is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scam and it's so sad, right? When these you need these companies, they're not there. None of the none of these people like Dana or anyone's stepping in. So, I feel like I have to do something. The situation was so dire and the fight community had made so much noise about it that support for Askin started seeping into the mainstream. Moist critical, a massive YouTuber and streamer, did a video that saw 1.5 million views about the situation with a link to Ben's fund. Pate is a very strong word, but unfortunately it's not strong enough to encapsulate my feelings on health insurance. And this company's entire goal, its modus operandi, it's Chis Operandi, is to find ways to wiggle out of doing the one thing you pay it for. So, I'm going to put a link to the fundraiser in the description of this video. Ben's campaign page currently has a thousand comments on it, and while donations have been set to private, there has no doubt been countless at this point. Major outlets across the country picked this story up. The outpouring and awareness has been truly incredible. Now, there's been much speculation about who donated what. It is clear, though, that many have donated what they could, and it's made all the difference for Ben and his family. Now, we've all had some fun with Ben's career here and there over the years. Some of his lesser moments in the UFC, but that's just sports. That's not real life. That stuff doesn't matter. This is what matters. His kids growing up without a father, his family having to bury their loved one at just 40 years old. And you know, while I try to keep perspective on things at all times, I'll be honest, combat sports communities can be absolutely brutal places and they can really jade you. Fans are relentless and sometimes all you see is the dog eat dog day in and day out and just everybody getting after everybody all the time. So when you see collectively everybody coming together and focusing on doing something positive for someone in the community regardless of how they felt about them as a fighter or even as a person, it's really something incredible and it really puts everything in perspective. It is a beautiful thing. This reminds me so much about how the community rallied around Mark Coleman and his medical expenses after that houseire. And the outpouring of support has not at all been lost on Ben now that he's awake. You know, the thing that was most impactful to me was all the the love I felt from everybody. And it's almost like I got to have my own funeral. I still remember 30 years ago when Dave Phillips died and you listen to all these older people, you know, recollect how much they enjoyed him, how much they loved him. And, you know, obviously he never had to hear that. I'm sure some people hold him. So, man, the outpouring of love from the wrestling community was just it was just amazing. Felt so good. &gt;&gt; Jeez, the trembling in his voice. I've watched it a bunch of times for this video and it's still tough. That is a man whose life and perspective on life has changed forever and it really just reminds you how fragile everything is in our lives. Ben, by all accounts, led an incredibly healthy lifestyle and by any measure would be considered a successful man. And yet, there he was on the brink of death. And it happened in an instant. And the only thing that could save him was an amount of money that the vast majority of people would never be able to produce, including him. And now his life is completely different. Lung transplants, in particular, are the hardest to maintain because they're exposed to the outside air that you breathe, leaving them more vulnerable than other organs. Donated organs require immune system suppression medication forever so that the body doesn't reject them. Those drugs range in price from $10,000 to $50,000 a year. And as a result of his immune system being weakened to support his new lungs, Ben will have to be incredibly diligent about infections and so many other things forever. Now, he survived, but his life has fundamentally changed. What he will be able to do going forward as it relates to wrestling instruction is not certain. He may have to give up largely his life's work, but I can guarantee you that that man is going to appreciate every single breath he gets to take, no matter what his future holds. And since we're talking about perspectives, let's also not forget that a double lung donation is not one that you make and then go about your day. It's one that you decide on in life, but you only pay up on when you're gone. Someone died, and now, as a result, someone else is going to live. I wasn't able to find any information on the donor, but I hope their family takes some solace in knowing that their loved one literally saved someone's life. All right, that got really heavy at the end there, but there's that word again, heavy. &gt;&gt; On a far more positive and inspiring note, I just want to reiterate before I go how incredible it was to see everybody come together to support Ben Ascrin in this situation. It is a moment in this combat sports community that you all should be incredibly proud of. Guys, Ben's situation, as I explained, is only just beginning. and his family is going to need support for a long time. If you want to donate, we've got the link in the description to his official fund. Ben's family made sure that it was taxdeductible. And this particular service, all the money goes to medical expenses only. It can't be spent on anything else. If that was something you considered before donating, if you do, thank you so much. And even if you just send some love and support, I know they'd greatly appreciate it. All right, guys. Thanks for watching this one. I'm going to go hug someone. Someone that I know. Oh, I'm not going to hug a random stranger. That That would just be weird. But yeah. Anyway, I'll catch you guys on the next one. [Music]