Kind: captions Language: en Oh, man. You know, there aren't too many fights these days that will get the casuals in my life interested in watching a card. Stars in mixed martial arts are hard to come by in 2025, but last night was one of those nights. My family piled in to watch Islam move up to 170 and fight Jack Della, how do you say his name? They didn't know, but they heard he was an animal and the hype was real. Now, here on EST time, committing to a UFC main event means watching after midnight. My whole family gave up before the fifth round even happened. Some left in the third, the rest left in the fourth. I too would have left if I could have. The thing is, Islam is normally pretty reliably exciting. He has eight finishes in his last 10 victories, and the only decision in that grouping before last night was his fantastic fight of the night pound-for-pound showdown with Alexander Volkanovski. And maybe that's part of the problem here. Makhachev has consistently delivered. The only reason he couldn't against Volk, and I mean, okay, he didn't finish him, but it was still awesome, is because the guy is amazing and he was struggling to win, but he felt he didn't win. That absolutely was not the case with JDM last night. Islam was in near total control from the opening horn to the bitter end. It was the safest fight of his entire career, the dark side of his absolutely crushing skillset. He can, if he chooses to, smother someone for 25 minutes without putting himself at any risk and the judges would have absolutely no choice but to give him the victory. And it is impressive. The guy just became a champion in a division 15 pounds up against a guy that's not lost in nearly a decade. He now has the longest win streak in UFC history. He is historically significant and dominant. That was an important and impressive win. Dana sang his praises as pound-for-pound number one and mentioned him being in the GOAT discussion after that victory. Pretty interesting given how he's looked at other fighters who have had less exciting bouts in headlining positions, but maybe it's because Islam is one of the few stars this sport has right now and he doesn't want to derail a guy that people are genuinely interested in when there really aren't that many of those these days. But he did admit that it wasn't exactly fun to watch, and he's right, it wasn't. But as I sat down to write this video, kind of struggling to figure out why it is this fight in particular felt so frustrating and just shitty afterwards. And it was harder to answer than I thought it would be. If you watch these autopsies regularly, you know that I'm not often one to feel any kind of negative way about a strong performance. Boring or not, I'm usually very generous, and that's because I think fighters who can dominate should, regardless of how we feel about it. It doesn't really bother me to see normal. And again, it's not like the guy has been consistently boring or something. So, this wasn't Makhachev fatigue. Then I started thinking about other champions that had boring wins in huge high-profile spots. And I don't feel like I felt this exhausted after some of GSP's less engaging victories back at his peak in this division. Why did I and many others give him more goodwill? Then I thought maybe it was the co-main event that compounded things. It was also a very safe performance by Valentina Shevchenko in another fight I was really excited about. So, maybe those two in a row had something to do with it. But then I started thinking about it and well, a lot of this year's big events have been disappointing when you think about it. DDP-Strickland 2. I mean, watch the video I did about it. Oh my god. Pereira versus Ankalaev 1 left a lot to be desired by a ton of fans. DDP versus Khamzat. I mean, everybody thought it was going to be smash, smash, smash, and it was total dominance, but it was like Islam, impressive, awe-inspiring, inevitable, just not exactly exciting. 321 ended with a damn eye poke, and now this. So, maybe it's just been building all year long. This frustration with, well, what feels like risk aversion, I guess, when you kind of get down to the core of it. Strickland, Ankalaev, now Val and Islam. You could argue that every one of those fighters did everything they could to mitigate risk and as a result, those fights were not interesting. Aspinall absolutely should not have continued, but unfortunately, it's a fight ending because somebody can't see. Something even the UFC's post-show commentators were saying he should have just fought through, which I think is a terrible take. It was not Tom's fault. There was nothing he could do. He made the right decision, but it was still a fighter making a choice that ended a card disappointingly. So, a bunch of the tentpole events this year that a lot of fans tuned in for left them with bitter tastes in their mouths. That $80 price point certainly doesn't help either. Thank god it's going away. So, maybe it was the culmination of all of that this year and the frustration from it just dumped into Islam's lap. What he did was smart and incredible. It just wasn't entertaining. It felt like he could have done more, but he chose not to to avoid problems. And look, JDM was defending those subs very well. So, that's part of it. It can't all go on the single fighter, but when someone is that dominant and in dominant positions for that long, as a fan, you hope for more of a drive to finish, not just win. It's a balance that fighters have been trying to figure out since the start. Entertainment value versus the path of least resistance to victory. I just think unfortunately for Makhachev, the scale had been tipping all year in one direction and he just made it spill over last night. So, yeah, frustrating night as a fan, frustrating year really, but what Islam and Valentina did should be commended regardless. They're two of the best to ever do it, and when the smoke clears as we look down the line, I don't think anybody will be looking at either of those fighters as anything but great. And I guess for them, avoiding that risk and feeling some heat in the short term is maybe worth the long-term legacy-defining greatness that they've achieved. It wasn't all complete and utter dominance with little of interest behind it, though. I mean, from Bo Nickal through to Michael Morales, we got four insane knockouts back-to-back-to-back-to-back. So, that was at least fun. But of course, any show with significant fights that are at the top, if they don't end well, the whole thing feels sour. That said, though, we should note how awesome Prochazka and Morales' wins were. Welterweight suddenly feels young and vibrant with these two guys crushing mainstays in the division. I don't know what the heck happens next with Islam at 170. It sounds like 155 is done now given how big the dude is. That's not weight you just take off and put back on willy-nilly. But yeah, some fun contenders coming up at welterweight even if the changing of the guard tonight left a lot to be desired. Let's refocus, though, and look at some cold, hard numbers for 322. Numbers never let us down. And then we'll pass out some awards and call it a day. How's that sound? The UFC's yearly stop in MSG saw 14 fights with five KO/TKOs, two subs, seven decisions for a total cage time of 2 hours, 49 minutes, 47 seconds. Pretty much everybody that was supposed to win on this card did. 12 favorites out of 14 won as expected. That's fun when things go exactly how you assumed they would in sports. Benoit Saint Denis' 16-second knockout of Beneil Dariush was absolutely the fastest loss that Dariush has ever suffered, and that would have been tied for the fourth fastest finish in lightweight history if the fight took place at 155. But it was a catchweight, so as a consolation, we'll give Benny our fastest Frenchman award. Every Carlos Prochazka win is a knockout going back 12 fights to 2021. A very difficult three-fight skid for the former champion Leon Edwards. His KO loss to Prochazka was the only he has ever suffered in his entire career. So, we're going to give Carlos our headshot dead award. Michael Morales is on one as well. That's now three in a row in the first round by KO and extends his career unbeaten streak to 19 in a row. Call this man the Undertaker at WrestleMania. The dominance of Valentina Bullet needs to be studied. She limited Zhangwei Li to just 32 significant strikes landed. That's the least of any fight that's gone the distance in her entire career. The bout marked the 13th title fight in a row for Shevchenko. That is absolutely absurd. And finally, we look at what Islam was able to do. 19 minutes and 10 seconds of control time in a 25-minute fight is just beyond ridiculous. And more control time than all of Madalena's UFC opponents combined. Throw his DWCS fight in there as well. Jack Della's last loss came at the start of his career almost a decade ago in 2016. With that victory, Islam has tied Anderson Silva for the longest win streak in UFC history at 16. And that was, unfortunately, UFC 322. But not unfortunate was the incredible edit of this autopsy by the amazing Max Randall. Please follow his socials, subscribe to his YouTube channel, and show him some love. He's the real MVP of these videos. An oversized thank you to our channel members as well. You make doing these super fast autopsies so much easier. Fight fans, join up and get exclusive content as a member yourself. Like and subscribe because we do these after every numbered card. Let us know what you thought of the event. I love reading the comments, and thanks for stopping by. Enjoy your Sunday, which if you're not watching this on Sunday, then I'm talking about a dessert. &gt;&gt; [music]