Kind: captions Language: en [music] &gt;&gt; Dearly beloved fight fans, we are gathered here today to say goodbye to the BMF title that sadly passed away last night in your sleep. Probably around round four. If I could sing a few bars of Boys to Men without getting copyright struck, I would. In case you missed it, Charles Oliveira completely and anticlimactically dominated BMF Max Holloway for more than four whole rounds on the ground exclusively, causing T-Mobile Arena to boo incessantly, causing mass disappointment across the fandom, as well as the wearing down of the BMF both literally and symbolically until the final horn marked the final moments of a concept that from the very beginning was nothing more than corporate branding so the UFC could charge you to watch a fight that could have been a co-main event or a big fight night headliner. Branding that unfortunately for the UFC simply cannot hold up to the realities of the fight business. There is no BMF division. It just floats around two weight classes and is exclusive to main event fighters who would also, you know, like to win an actual title. The original Jorge Masvidal versus Nate Diaz made about as much sense as this concept can make. For Jorge, it was an opportunity to get one more high-profile win before getting a title fight. For Nate Diaz, it was another massive attraction fight payday that happened three months after a three-year layoff. And the UFC couldn't have asked for two fighters that were better for the concept. Nate Diaz fights like a BMF, and so does Jorge. And you know, for the first one, it was supposed to be one of one. So conceptually, I guess it kind of worked because that was supposed to be the end of it. But even in that original setup, which was the best-case scenario, even that didn't end bad-motherfuckerly. It ended with a doctor saying, "No, this is too much. Stop hitting each other." Obviously, the doctor didn't actually sound like that, but the point being, it's not very BMF for a fight to end with a doctor stoppage. I mean, I guess. What does the concept of bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] even mean? It's some nebulous idea, and that's one of the biggest problems. The other is that it wasn't one of one, which isn't to say they picked bad fighters for this thing. They did a great job. Justin Gaethje was always going to go out and do bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] things. Dustin Poirier, Max Holloway, Charles Oliveira, those are solid BMF choices. And some of them were great. Max versus Dustin was awesome. But you know what? It would have been awesome without the title. Or maybe it wouldn't have, but it wouldn't have had anything to do with that {quote} {unquote} championship. Just because fighters might have adopted an exciting style, and I would very much argue that Charles Oliveira has been one of the most exciting fighters in the promotion during his peak. The guy's got the most finishes in UFC history, the most performance bonuses. He's been an absolute banger. He's a bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but he's also trying to get back to the lightweight title. And you don't get there by fighting like Nate Diaz. No offense to Nate Diaz. You also don't get there by getting sparked by Max Holloway in the last 10 seconds of your fight cuz you decided to stand and bang to meet fans' expectations of what a BMF title fight should be. Now, they did end up standing and banging at the end, but that's beside the point. The point is that the BMF title literally means nothing. It has no purpose besides branding. You're not actually the baddest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Even if you were to say that, okay, maybe not those guys, but it should be Ilia who knocked both these BMFs out. And he's probably going to knock out a third one very soon. But you know what? Even he is not the BMF. Put him against the best heavyweights in the world and let's see who ends up the baddest. No, it's a marketing ploy so the UFC can sell a pay-per-view without an actual title fight headlining it. Pre-paramount, that is. And like, what did the UFC think was going to happen when the stakes are this high? The UFC wasn't booking this thing with barroom brawlers that just won a local tough man competition making 10 to show and 10 to win. It wouldn't even work with those guys anyway because by the very definition of the baddest, the fighters involved need to be at the peak of the sport. They can't be some power slappers that are willing to go full Bonner Griffin for peanuts. So you got a guy like Oliveira who is a former actual champion who would like to fight for that championship title again before his 49-fight career comes to an end. He's already ranked number three. Number one, Gaethje is getting his chance at 1800 Pennsylvania. Surely Arman has done enough social media to finally get his shot after that. Oliveira's 50th pro bout could be a lightweight title fight if things play out a certain way, and he doesn't get that chance if he loses a slobberknocker to Max Blessed. And that is what's truly stupid about this situation. If you take away the pretend belt, the only thing people are talking about today, okay, they're going to talk about how boring the fight was, but the other thing they're going to say is, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Charles completely dominated Max, an all-time great. Shut him down like we've rarely seen." That is the reality of what happened. But because fans have this expectation of what a BMF fight should be, they're arbitrarily mad about something that there was no actual reason to be mad about cuz it only exists as A CORPORATE CONCEPT. IT'S NOT REAL. Associating those three letters with the fight doesn't automatically turn everybody into Tank Abbott. If this fight had been a 15-minute co-main event under an actual title fight headliner, one, it wouldn't have been as painful to watch for only 15 minutes. And two, it would have given fans more realistic expectations about the type of fight they were going to see. Cuz if it plays out like that, and I asked you beforehand, "How do you see Charles Oliveira winning this fight?" My guess is a whole bunch of you would have said, "Oh, he'll probably use his ground game to his advantage." But if I tell you it's a BMF fight, suddenly you're like, "Ah, I guess I don't know. He'll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bang with him the whole time and knock his ass out." Which isn't to say he's not capable of that, but your expectations changed just because of the marketing. This was never a concept that was going to be consistently replicable. In fact, I think the concept has run dry completely. And just like Clint Howard winning the MTV Movie Award for Lifetime Achievement as a joke that he took so earnestly, they couldn't ever do the award again. It's time to retire the BMF title. Yeah, how you like that pop culture reference? I am an old man. We just had a BMF title fight where Charlie Olives put on a grappling clinic on his way to earning an actual title fight potentially. The BMF is dead. It's done. Retire it, please. IT DIDN'T REALLY EVEN work the first time by concept, and it's not repeatable. It is time to end it. You know, who knows if what Conor McGregor was claiming that the UFC wants him for a BMF fight with the winner in July is actually something that they were thinking about planning to do. Dana did say at the presser that they are talking to Conor right now, but I truly hope that after the BMF fight we just had that they pivot and decide, "You know what? Actually no, we're done with this." They don't have to formally retire it. Just do like the women's featherweight and never talk about it again. Let it fade away. It was fun while it lasted, I guess. It's just not a thing that you can make happen every time. To quote Jay-Z, this ain't a movie, dog. You can't successfully execute this concept unless it's Nate Diaz versus himself every single time. And sadly, we don't live in a world with two Nate Diaz's. All right, BMF rant complete. Now, let's talk about the rest of what happened last night using the language of numbers. Let's give out some awards. The fourth ever and hopefully last ever BMF-headlined event saw 12 fights with three KO/TKOs, one sub, and eight decisions for a total cage time of 2 hours, 27 minutes, and 2 seconds. Eight favorites came out on top as expected with just four dogs defying the odds, one of them being Charlie Olives. RoboCop needed exactly two strikes to get the job done against Bruno Silva. As you can imagine, that is the least he's landed in a winning fight in his career. It can barely get any better from there. That Gregory's getting our OCP Employee of the Month Award. The Crimson Chin strikes again. That finish of Michael Johnson is Drew Dober's ninth victory in a row by knockout. Not nine in a row, that would make him a title contender. All nine of his last nine wins have come with somebody getting slept. Raul Rosas Jr. had 16 takedowns against Rob Font. That literally doubled his UFC total up to that point in seven total fights. He also had the most control time of his UFC career with 10 minutes, 5 seconds. Chuiwi, Raul's getting our Times New Roman Award for mastering a font. I'm so sorry for that one. Kyoji Horiguchi's victory over Reinier de Ridder marks the first ever decision loss of RDR's entire MMA career dating back to 2013. It was actually only the fourth ever of his career 25 bouts to see the final horn. That was Kyoji's first ever clean sweep on the cards in the UFC, 30-27 across the board. Congratulations. And insane feather in Charlie's cap from that BMF victory, he held Holloway, the most prolific striker in UFC history, to just 26 significant strikes over the course of five whole rounds. That is the second lowest of any fight that's ever gone the distance in Max's entire career, the third lowest period. The only one with less that went to the horn was against Conor McGregor, but that was a three-rounder. Oliveira did it over the course of 25 minutes, a huge flex. Charles also had a staggering 20 minutes, 49 seconds of control time on Holloway. Not a single fight in Max's entire career comes even remotely close to that number. And that was a bad-motherfucking night autopsy and in the bin. And I couldn't have done it without my partner in crime, Max Randall. The dude's the only Max that won this weekend. Show him some love for this awesome video, and check out his YouTube channel. A massive thanks to our channel members for their support. You guys are the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] best. Fight fans getting early access to videos sometimes, exclusive content. Hit the join button and become one of them yourself. Like and subscribe because we bring these post-numbered UFC videos to you fast and furious every single time. Leave a comment on what you think should be done with the BMF title, and thank you so much for watching. Jon Jones has just pulled out of the end of the video as well. I'm so sorry.