Kind: captions Language: en Dana White no longer runs the UFC. You may have heard a little while ago there was a class action lawsuit against the UFC. Lobbying against the UFC were 150 fighters that fought from 2010 to 2017. They were battling the monopolization of mixed martial arts and low fighter wage. Well, in October of 2024, they received compensation in a settlement of $375 million. However, since then, two more lawsuits with similar issues have entered initial hearings, and there's some really interesting information come out from them. Dana rarely communicates with fighters or managers. In fact, Dana hasn't been involved with matchmaking or contract negotiations since Ari Emanuel brought the company in 2016. I feel like that explains some of Dana's apathy towards the promotion, which has become increasingly way more noticeable in the past couple years. I mean, no wonder he never has any matchmaking answers and we have to wait till Tuesday because he doesn't know them. This info comes from Zack Arnold and Nate Wilcox at the MMA draw. They were actually in the courtroom at the time and some of this stuff is pretty wild to hear. Dana is actually quoted saying when the UFC was sold, he turned to Hunter Campbell and said, "Congrats, you get to do this." Hunter Campbell's contender series doesn't really have the same ring to it. So, that leads me on to think, what does Dana even do at the UFC now? Is he just another big business boardroom filler? I mean, we often talk about that Dana White is the UFC's biggest star. I mean, is he just that? you know, despite seemingly being completely checked out of all promotion. I mean, he's just so synonymous with the UFC. It just makes sense for him to be there. I think his level of responsibility is clearly decreased since 2016. I don't think it was just a sudden drop off a role. He was clearly instrumental in 2020 when the whole pandemic was going on, but now the UFC is firmly afloat. It feels like this is why he has time to power slap and box. The UFC feels like a finished product completely. And we've talked about Dana Wyatt being on his way out for a long time now. I think that's going to come sooner than we