Kind: captions Language: en I was just thinking earlier today how great things are going in mixed martial arts right now. Like so many things recently have gone without a hitch. So much good happening in the sport. And I think there's too much negativity out there. So it's high time that somebody highlight what's going right in fighting. Time for someone to really shine a light on the state of this sport. &gt;&gt; I've engaged on a spiritual journey. I'm saved. I am healed. And uh I just wanted to say to everyone out there, I'm no longer mainlining acid or smoking PCP. &gt;&gt; I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are 10 MMA things that are totally awesome and not bad at all. &gt;&gt; Excited to see a real real muscle man duke duke it out. Blood spraying. [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Number 10, PFL is thriving. &gt;&gt; What is Dawn's favorite alltime MMA fight? &gt;&gt; Well, it's interesting. [music] I'm going to answer it differently. It's boxing for me. Man, things are going great for the co-leader in the sport, the PFL. The only other promotion that even remotely has a chance to compete with the UFC in any meaningful way. Of course, they've made a big push to expand their global reach with PFL Mena and PFL Africa. The latter of which is going so great that the chairman of PFL Africa and the promotion's biggest star, Francis Inanu, no show their first two events. But hey, Ma and Africa will be airing exclusively on Vice TV next year. So, if you're one of the 30% of US households that have that channel, enjoy. Don't worry, though. The traditional PFL Milliondoll tournament that you know and love will still be airing in 2026 on ESPN on the app ESPN Unlimited. &gt;&gt; The unlimited [music] app for $30 marks the start of Disney's aggressive rebundling. Without a TV bundle, you'll need eight streaming subscriptions to watch every major US [music] sporting event, plus YouTube Sunday Ticket for out ofmarket NFL games. I think it's only $30 a month and won't have the UFC anymore. Or PFL after 2026 when their deal ends. Oh, wait. Did I say million-dollar tournaments? I'm just kidding. Those are $500,000 now. Wait, did I say tournaments? Because PFL just got a new CEO and COO, and they're saying now that in 2026 they're just they're just scrapping that whole thing. &gt;&gt; We're stepping away from the tournament format. &gt;&gt; They're just doing fights that are airing on some version of ESPN. Things are going great. UFC finally has some real competition now that Bellator is dead. [laughter] Number nine, eye pokes eradicated. It is so awesome that we finally figured out eye pokes. &gt;&gt; Just want to poke this dude in the eye. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; It was one of those things that had just the potential to ruin so many events, but luckily the UFC sat down, they made some new gloves, and they stuck with them and didn't panic and pull the plug on them after like a couple months. What has been the consensus thought um that fighters keep bringing back to you in terms of feedback as they've tested it at the PI? &gt;&gt; Yeah, they suck. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't like them? &gt;&gt; Yeah, they suck, dude. &gt;&gt; And now nobody ever gets poked in the eyes anymore and we don't have to worry about solving that problem. It's not like one of the biggest title fights of the year ended with an eye poke. And you know, for years, Dana has said that there's no solution to the problem, which of course people have countered with, well, Pride didn't see a lot of eye pokes because the gloves partially wrapped around the fingers. And Joe Rogan will tell you if you haven't already been told 1,700 times that Trevor Whipman also has a new type of glove that can solve this problem. We don't we don't even really know how smart workers are. But luckily, none of that information is important because we solved the eye poke problem that's been around for literal decades by doing absolutely nothing. &gt;&gt; The problem has solved itself. &gt;&gt; Number eight, Cool Hand Shawn. The thing that I really like about Shawn Strickland is just how in control of himself he is. GO AND &gt;&gt; whether it's his calculated words or it's the way he handles conflict by being the bigger man and walking away. He's really a model of self-control. And I think this year he embodied that discipline when he was cornering a teammate at tough enough when the guy who beat his teammate looked over at Shawn and flipped him off and did the jerking motion and then the DX sucket motion. &gt;&gt; Hey, nice. Really good. Strickland immediately knew that, [music] hey, I'm in flipflops. That guy was probably really emotionally charged after winning an MMA bout. I myself say things that people often get [music] upset by. I'll just throw a few weirdly ineffective punches that get me suspended for 6 months and find $5,000. [music] Now, some would say that that's a poor decision made by someone who'd lost control of themselves. But that would not be who Shawn Strickland is. And I am so honored to [music] be in the presence of someone who has that level of control. And mentally ask yourself, [music] who am I? What do I want? What is my deepest [music] desire? What is my purpose? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've drank a lot of piss before, guys. I've drank a lot OF PISS. &gt;&gt; TKO BOXING IS HERE. MAN, when I heard that TKO was both finally creating the long-awaited Dana White boxing promotion and was backing a new law called the Muhammad Ali American Boxing Revival Act, I just knew that this was going to be something that benefited the fighters tremendously. After all, the original Ali Act was a crucial piece of legislation that forced all kinds of shady promoter practices to end and helped to skyrocket the amount of money that boxers could make. It implemented structured ranking systems outside the whims of individual promoters. It put control of the sports in the hands of those who make it go, the boxers. So, a revival act that has to be the best possible thing. I mean, it's got revival in the name. SEE THE LIGHT OF THE HOLY DARK FRUIT. And if there is any company that cares about the athletes, it is TKO. So, I am so excited that this new act will [music] include the ability to make UBOS or unified boxing organizations that can completely circumvent the current system and create their own ranking systems and titles while also bypassing a lot of the provisions that restrict the type of contracts that can be created. So essentially, this revival will allow for, if someone had the money and the will, to create a single promotion in boxing that could overtake all the other structures that the sport currently has in place and kind of make boxing like the [music] UFC, which hey, for the fans, pretty sweet deal. We absolutely love having all the best fighters in one place, but it's going to be even better for the fighters because, as we know, mixed martial arts fighters have it way better than boxers. I am negative in my account right now. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; So, now that boxing is basically going to become the UFC under TKO boxing, that's going to be better for the boxers. That's why TKO is using their massive influence within the United States government to get this legislation made because they want things to be better for the fighters, not for them. Number six, a clean page. This sport can really get you down sometimes when you think about the cheaters, you know? I mean, what is the sanctity of a sport if not that everybody is meeting on a level playing field? When fighters break that trust by introducing performance enhancers, it sullies the whole sport. And it's a Pandora's box that once open, you cannot close. Luckily for everybody though, one fighter we know for a fact never did steroids is Rampage Jackson. We can at least look to him and say if there's one shining example of how to handle this sport fairly [music] and with honor, it's Quinton. &gt;&gt; Well, we say Ro. I never done Ro. &gt;&gt; Is it Roy? It's not roids, bro. &gt;&gt; It is steroids. &gt;&gt; No, it's not. It's It's a different molecule. That's what I was told. &gt;&gt; No, it's not. &gt;&gt; Yes. No. That's what I was told. &gt;&gt; Testosterone is a steroid hormone. &gt;&gt; Steroids and steroids. Testo the same thing. &gt;&gt; I did steroids. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But, you know, a lot of people were doing testosterone at the time. And sure, having artificially elevated levels that never dip might give you a massive advantage against regular humans whose levels dip constantly, even throughout a day, if they exert themselves, or in plenty of other scenarios. But Rampage didn't do that. [music] And so the spirit that he embodies of a fair fighter, even though he wasn't fighting fair, is it still holds true. He is still a shining example of someone not doing peeds. At least to their own knowledge. We could all stand to be a little bit more like Rampage. Number five, Smashing Machine Smashed. When The Rock announced that he was going to make a movie about Mark Kerr like I don't know like a decade ago, the MMA fans absolutely lost their minds with excitement. &gt;&gt; They're going to make a film about the life of one of your founding fathers, the pioneering [music] founding fathers, the smashing machine Marker. [cheering] I just knew that eventually, one day, many years after that exciting announcement, that eventually that announcement would be turned into an actual film. And what I loved about the movie getting made is that I knew because it starred The Rock that it would absolutely be box office gold. It would be a chance to really put a spotlight on the sports history. And I am so glad to report that the movie made $21 [music] million at the box office, which is way more money than I have ever had and I think most of you as well. So that's a pretty huge deal. Now, the budget was $50 billion. Holy. And so someone, not me, but an [music] accountant in A24, they might say that this was a financial disaster. But not The Rock, who has had several films make less, like Southland Tales, which released in 60 theaters compared to The Smashing Machine that was in over 3,000. [music] And hey, remember Red Notice that had hardly any box office because it was a Netflix movie. The point is, MMA history is now respected and a huge mainstream [music] success. We're going to see a ton more MMA biopics after that &gt;&gt; and mixed martial arts quit are the arts. &gt;&gt; Number four, JBJ's graceful exit. Has there ever been a more elegant exit from the sport than that of Jon Jones? I mean, sure, things were kind of rocky there for a moment. you know, with the whole 840day heavyweight title reign where he only ever fought 42-year-old Stipe Mia coming off a three-year layoff and pretty much confirmed that he chose not to fight interim champion Tom Aspenol despite several opportunities to do so and it being the biggest possible fight at the time. &gt;&gt; He gave the UFC a number. I believe it's in the $30 million range. He didn't think that they would come up with the number and they did and he said yes. And then 2 days later, 3 days later, whatever, he said, "Nah, second thought, I'm out." In [music] this video, we are learning about Ducks. &gt;&gt; But he rebounded hard when he almost immediately after vacating the title he held on to for absolutely no reason because he never had any intention of actually fighting attempts to get back into the heavyweight division for a fight with I guess light heavyweight Alex Pereira because it would be at the White House. &gt;&gt; In that White House, what's it called? The White House. People definitely won't look at the final years of Jon Jones career as an unmititigated disaster. It's not like it's to the point now where this era will be discussed in great detail when talking about his overall legacy and added to the many other aspects of his career that people find controversial. Couldn't have left any better. And maybe he's not gone. Who knows? Nobody does. Number three, Connor converted. Man, it was tough times for a while there for Conor McGregor fans. I mean, he hasn't fought in four years and hasn't had an important victory in nearly a decade. That is a long stretch. And God, in that time, he's had more scandals and issues than I can even list here in a timely manner or honestly even remember all of them. He botched his return against Michael Chandler with that broken pinky toe. He didn't end up becoming president of Ireland, a thing he said he was going to do for like 5 minutes. Then the UFC's new doping group suspended him for 18 months for whereabouts violations. I'll tell you whereabouts. He was partying his ass off. But Connor is a changed man because like Jon Jones, getting to fight at the White House does something to a man. And I know that everything I just talked about are pretty solid reasons to be concerned that Connor could ever do any kind of fight ever again. But ladies and gentlemen, Connor has seen the light. &gt;&gt; I've engaged on a spiritual journey. I'm saved. I am healed. &gt;&gt; He has seen the light. HE'S A CHANGE MAKER. The change is coming. in a lengthy 300 plusword post on Twitter. Just the other day, Connor hit us with some bombshells. He allegedly did some type of psychoactive 36-hour hallucinatory treatment with Stamford University doctors in Mexico, I guess, where he saw his own death, met Jesus, who descended down and gave him a crown. And now his brain, his heart, and his soul are healed. Connor is allegedly gearing up now for his return at the White House just as the prophecy foretold. &gt;&gt; How would you and you verse Jesus in the octagon? How would that how would he fair? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there's not a man alive that can be me. &gt;&gt; There's one thing we can take from this though. It's that Connor has changed. And none of the past like 5 years or so should be any indication of the man we will see going forward. What a relief. &gt;&gt; Number two, classic headliners. God, wasn't the UFC in 2025 just awesome? I mean, all the huge marquee events turned out to be absolute bangers at the very top. DDP versus Shawn Strickland, a war, the war to end all wars that saw so much action and violence. And then right after that, back to back, Ank versus Poeton won. I can't believe how incredibly action films that fight was. It was like I was watching a Bruce Lee movie come to life. And who could forget the second war DDP got into this year against Tom Zot who finally got his shot at gold. And man did he come out and say, "I'm going to make this the most entertaining fight that you have ever seen." But the hits have just kept coming. Tom Aspenol versus Sirill Gone. What a contest for the ages that ended in such a way that nobody could possibly have left that arena or thought about the $80 they spent watching it negatively. I would have paid double. And wow, that recent card with Val versus Jeong and Islam versus JDM. Those two fights are absolutely in contention for fight of the year. Maybe fight of the decade. I know there's five years still on this one, but I think it's safe to say they're in the running. So yeah, the majority of the really big main events this last year, God, what a treat. &gt;&gt; And it's what makes this sport the greatest sport in the world. &gt;&gt; And number one, sports betting is prudent and good. You know what's so great about betting on mixed martial arts IS THAT YOU DON'T HAVE TO worry about any kind of nefarious actors influencing the outcome. Sure, we had that one Isaac Gulgaren fight this year be investigated by the FBI for potential fight fixing, but you'd have to go all the way back to 2022 to find another similar FBI investigation into fight fixing at the highest level of the sport with the Derek Mener fight. That's a pretty long time ago. I don't even remember 2022. That's how long ago that was. And the best thing is that even though gambling has been entirely integrated into every aspect of the sport with major sports books pumping insane amounts of money into sponsoring it, the really good thing is that because fighter pay is so good, you'd have to be so silly to get involved in any kind of fight fixing scheme because you're already making so much money. There's just no way that fighters lower down the card could be potentially exploited by bad actors who are trying to manipulate sports betting. And not to mention, sports betting is highly regulated. Sure, you know, you can place bets on almost anything, like how many times a ring car girl will blink, but all that stuff is highly monitored, guys. It's not predatory. It's not like crypto where it's the wild west. If something cryptoreated were to somehow work its way into fight predictions where like people were making money in crypto based on potential outcomes in mixed martial arts, now that could have the potential to be very dangerous since crypto markets aren't really regulated the same way that gambling is. Luckily, the UFC has not yet partnered with any cryptoreated speculative markets that bad actors could potentially try to exploit because this sport is already doing a great job of not having a gambling problem. What a wonderful time. I'm sure you picked up a little bit of sarcasm in this video and we thought, you know, since it's Thanksgiving, it might be fun to sort of pretend we're grateful for these things, give you a good laugh. I do hope you're doing well today. And one thing I am actually grateful for is all of you for continuing to watch the channel. We love making content for you guys. Thank you so much truly and yeah, enjoy the holiday if you celebrate it. And if not, have a great day either way. [music]