Kind: captions Language: en It was the best of times. It was the worst of times. Yep, throwing some Charles Dickens at you. But it's actually the perfect distillation of what this video is about because we're going to be looking at the best and worst of times in every single UFC division. We're going to run down when each division was at its absolute peak. pure cinema, the most fun, the most interesting, the zenith, the times it couldn't get better, but also discuss when it was at its weakest, its lowliest, the periods you and anybody else couldn't have cared any less about what was happening in it. All right, form an orderly line from smallest to largest, and let's discuss the worst eras for every UFC weight class versus their best women's straw weight. The worst strawweight era is without question the 190 days of Carla Esparza's second reign. It kicked off with one of the worst title fights in UFC history when she defeated Rose Namunas. That left a sour note on everybody's pallet and left us entirely indifferent to the fate of the division going forward. It certainly didn't help that Yana Popular would retire shortly thereafter and Rose would move up to flyweight. Everything that we loved about The Division was leaving except Jang Lee, which luckily turned things around pretty quickly. Honestly, for half a year to be the worst stretch your division's ever had, not too bad. The best strawweights ever been though is without a doubt the incredibly unexpected era that Rose Damunas ushered in with her shocking KO of Yanjek to dethrone the division's most dominant force on one of the best nights in UFC history. Over the next four years, Rose would have a pair of duels with three different fighters. And all of it was awesome backto-back with Yana in New York. Then her shocking KO loss to Jessica Andraj that she would avenge in a fight of the night before going on to dethrone the division's newest champion in Jeang Lee with an absurd headkick KO that would see them run it back again later that year with Rose coming out on top yet again. That of course led into the bad times. But when you throw possibly the greatest women's fight ever in the mix during that period and Rose thugging it up at the very top against absolute killers, the division was never better. Men's flyweight. Both the best and worst era in the flyweight division has to be the incredible reign of Demetrius Johnson. On the one hand, you had greatness on a level that we've only ever seen a handful of times in this sport. 11 straight defenses, some of the most incredible finishes we've ever seen. I'll never forget that jumping arm bar. The John Dodson fights felt like we were watching DBZ. They were so fast. The threat level of several of his challengers at the time they made their way to the title. Like Joe B, Cejudo, Baga, Johnson was what any sports league would dream to have as an example of both greatness and class. But let's be honest here, because all of that is true, but it's also true that fans did not connect with DJ at all. Didn't matter how many fox cards they put him on. Didn't matter that they made a whole season of tough to set up his next opponent. There was a huge disconnect there and things got especially bad towards the end with his ugly feud with Dana White where the threat of the division just not existing anymore felt very real. &gt;&gt; Um he has the lowest selling pay-per-view in the history of the UFC in the modern era. The media claims he's the pound-for-pound best fighter in the world. &gt;&gt; Right. [music] &gt;&gt; I think Conor McGregor is the pound-for-pound best fighter in THE WORLD. &gt;&gt; MCGREGOR. Then there was the perception that many had of him not taking the TJ Dillashaw fight. And then it all kind of just abruptly ended with a close decision loss to Henry Cejudo and a trade quote unquote to one championship. It was very bad times. And after Cejudo vacated, it felt completely doomed. Luckily, Figgy and Mareno came around. So yeah, DJ's reign was both the [music] division's highlights at its darkest period. Women's flyweight. I mean, is there a worse launch to a division than women's flyweight? You get a whole season of tough that nobody watched. The actual top contender on the show has to back out. So your inaugural champion Nico Montano gets crowned beating Roxy Mafairy who'd lost in the show semi-final. Then the champ just never fights. She had a bunch of health issues. Couldn't even attempt to make weight when she was meant to first defend her title against Valentina Shepchenko. If first impressions are the most important, it's amazing women's flyweight survived a year because oof, what a mess. The best era for this division is right this moment. Honestly, as much as we love Valentina and the dominance she showed from 2018 through 2022, every fight nearly felt like a foregone conclusion for the most part before it even began. But now things have become more interesting at the top. Finally, you had the trilogy of bouts with Alexa that saw a new champion crowned at least for a while. It was interesting to see Valentina actually have to work to get her title back and now she's on top but with opponents that have felt like real threats again. Benon Fior Jeang Lee. You've got strong upandcomers like Aaron Blanchfield and Macy Barber. The division is properly cooking at the moment and I'm here for it. Men's bantamweight. While you could certainly make the argument that the worst of phantom weight was the bizarre period of the Algamine Sterling's reign where he won the title via DQ, then had a year off before that got resolved, followed by a pointless fight with an injured TJ Dillashaw, a defense against a three years removed Henry Cejudo, and then finally a title change against Ali. But I would argue that the worst was the extended intram title reign of Hen. After Dominic Cruz's title defense against Demetrius Johnson in 2011, he would hold on to the title injured and inactive until 2014. That three-year period would see Barau win in gold and defend it twice. It just completely undercut his reign. And then to have lost to DJ Dillashaw as badly as he did twice in a row, it made that period retroactively feel even more hollow. While it's mostly the UFC's fault, Brow's time at the top was the worst. Very embarrassing. Luckily, a few years later in 2016, we got Cruz back in spectacular fashion. He returns, takes the title from TJ Dillashaw in one of the most he got it moments in MMA history. He gets to close out his rivalry with Uriah Faber with a buildup that was just a blast. And then when it looks like he's closing the book for good on team alpha male, a Cody comes along with the neck tattoos to carry on. It just puts on a mindblowing performance which sets up a big-time showdown with Dillashaw, his former teammate. It was just awesome. Every fight felt like such a big deal and the star power at the time in this whole tapestry of beeps really helped propel bantamweight to heights it never quite reached again. Women's bantamweight. Kayla Harrison saved us from the worst time at women's bantamweight just this year. Anytime a division has a champion that is as dominant as Amanda Nunez was, you're going to usually end up with a shallow division over a long enough timeline because there are other divisions for fighters to go to and try their luck who is going to stick around somewhere they know they'll never win. So, as a result, when Nunes retired, there was this barren field of contenders and that is how we ended up with Raquel Pennington versus Myra Bueno Silva for the vacant title. Juliana Pena winning it from Rocky helped a little bit with her hilarious persona, at least for me, but not much. And to be honest, Harrison might be the savior, but it's really just putting a shiny band-aid on a division that is deeply unhealthy still after its worst era. The best, and it's not even close, was Ronda Mania, baby. My hats off to Amanda Nunes for all the amazing work she did, but the level of intrigue during her reign was pretty low. With Rhonda, it was new. She was absolutely decimating people. You had interesting figures emerging like Misha Tate, like Katano. Hell, even her stupid rivalry with BC Kohaa was interesting. There was so much hype and so much expectation from every single performance that The Division was a real highlight for a few years while Rousey did her thing. And it ended with such an iconically awesome win from home. Yeah, women's bantamweight was never hotter and I'm not sure it ever will be again. Men's featherweight. Conor McGregor should have been the best possible thing that has ever happened to the featherweight division. When he KO'ed Aldo in 13 seconds, it really did feel like we were starting something so incredibly special. But to think that he would never once again step into the octagon in that division after those 13 seconds is pretty wild. And it did a ton of damage. For 350 days, Connor did everything but defend his featherweight title, which was fine. Everybody was enjoying that other stuff, of course, but it left the division with Aldo, who he dethroned, now holding interim gold after having beaten Frankie Edgar. Eventually, Aldo would just be promoted to undisputed when Connor was finally stripped. And it would be another 189 days before we got an actual undisputed title bout. A whole 539 days after what we thought was the biggest moment in the division's history. That dead period just sucked. Originally, it was Daniel Cormier versus Anthony Johnson for the light heavyweight title. Then it became Anthony Pettis versus Max Holloway for the interim featherweight title. And now it's just Max Holloway versus Anthony Pettis. So the belt is only on the line for one fighter. That fighter is Max Holloway. And now you have a situation where you have Holloway and Pettis who were the two best guys after Aldo McGregor. The best featherweights given us though is without question the period where Alexander Vulcganowski has been its central figure. A fantastic all-time trilogy with another of the greatest to ever do it at 145 and Max Holloway. That is the highest level we will probably ever see get 15 full rounds together in this division particularly the insane Brian Ortega fight. And then even though it wasn't in the division, him moving up as pound-for-pound number one to take on Islam, that absolutely added to the division's peak because then he came back and railroaded a guy in Yayer Rodriguez that everybody was anticipating for years to get to the top. And don't forget, he loses the title to Seoria in dramatic fashion. A moment in and of itself that was fantastic. And then he had the return to recapture the title as old man Alex. Vulk has made this period what it is. And how lucky are we that he has defined it for so long now. Women's featherweight. I never It It was never good. Is it even a division? I mean, technically, yes, but my god, what a pointless mess it was most of the time. There was, of course, its horrific launch that saw GDR lay punch her way to gold, only to vacate it immediately so as not to fight Cyborg. Chris's opponents were not particularly interesting at all. Honestly, there's literally only one good moment in the whole thing, and that was Cyborg versus NEW Cyborg get. &gt;&gt; That was the division's peak. It was the only time it actually mattered and I'm truly glad that it did for that brief moment just so that we could get that fight. But otherwise, you can just forget about the rest of it really. Lightweight. It is wild to think that lightweight would turn into such a top tier division in the sport because the worst of times, the most unsatisfying era of lightweight, there really wasn't a division. There were fights, but no title. They crown an inaugural champion in Jensen Pulver. He gets two defenses that aged like wine against Dennis Hullman and BJ Penn. And then, as has happened too many times now, he gets into a contract dispute with the UFC. They rip the title from him and he leaves. Nothing like delegitimizing the division you just started. When they tried to reboot it a year later with Penn and Cal Uno, it would go to a draw. And for nearly four years, lightweight essentially did not exist officially. Eve Edwards would be the fan choice for champion during that run with five victories in the division. But his accomplishments were never recognized. Truly, BJ Penn saved the division in 2008 with his awesomeness when he won the vacant title off the first crowned champ of the second era in juicy Shawn Sherk. The best though, and maybe this is a hot take, was that period from Connor winning the title at MSG to Connor getting beat by Habib at 229. Funny that Connor book ends this period on both sides, but those are the only two fights he participates in. Did it help that his massive profile and star power had bolstered attention on the division? Yes, undoubtedly. But my god, the talent, the real talent during that period, that was why this division was so great at the time. Tony and Hhabib, of course, Justin Gatechi, Dustin Porier. We had that interim title fight with Ferguson and Kevin Lee. They may not have been at the top yet, but Islam and Armen were active in the division at that point as well. It was just stupidly stacked with the best lightweights. It was so exciting to see how it was all going to shake out in Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s looming absence. And when Hhabib rose to the top alongside that rivalry with McGregor, we finished off the era with the biggest event in UFC, welterweight. It wouldn't be a video where I talked about historically bad moments for the welterweight division. And I didn't mention the reign of Pat Militic. I mean, the proof is really in the pudding. And the pudding is the contenders. Not to mention him regularly losing outside THE UFC. &gt;&gt; PAT MILITIC UNCONSCIOUS. JATARO MACAU. &gt;&gt; And I mean that really doesn't help your division feel meaningful. But neither did his opponents. Jorge Patino, Andre Pettanis, John Allesio, Kenichi Yamamoto, Mike Bernett. And my god, that fight was horrible. Another wedgie. Hang on, I'll get my forceps. Oh, hurry. &gt;&gt; These are not household names. These are not all-time classic matchups. And the fight stunk. This division sputtered to a start from nothing. And they were filling it with whatever they could to call it a welterweight fight. Nothing even comes close to this era in terms of a lack of fan interest. Now, as for the best, I would absolutely argue that currently the welterweight division is more competitive than it's ever been, and that is incredibly interesting. That's what makes a compelling division era. dude, the absolute force that was the era that GSP reigned over 170. You really just had to be there to feel the scope of it. GSP epically takes the title from a guy who at the time was seen as maybe the greatest champion ever. And then he loses it in possibly the biggest upset in UFC history to Matt Sarah, a winner of tough when tough still mattered. That alone was already insane. But then St. Pierre crawled his way back up, had to fight Matt Hughes again to get a shot at Sarah. So you still had Hughes in the mix. And then when GSP Second Reign started, every single fight felt like an event. John Fitch, massive threat. BJ Penn, legendary champion versus champion showdown. Thiago Alves at 100, felt like such a killer. Dan Hardy at least had some good hype packages. There was the season of tough with Koschek. Jake Shields coming in as the best guy in the world outside of the UFC. Massive stadium show. That event was gigantic. The Carlos Kifight was amazing. Nick Diaz, I think George is scared. Their whole rivalry all the way to his goodbye after the controversial Johnny Hendricks win. Just every moment in that division felt like such a big deal at the time it was happening. It's hard to beat that period, let alone at welterweight, regardless of the incredible talent pool we see today. Middleweight, we've seen how growing pains early on lead to a lot of the worst eras of divisions up to this point. And the same very much goes for middleweight. Merilla Bamante leaving for Pride FC after being the division's second ever champion really made a division that had just started a year previous feel completely insignificant. And for 3 years, there wouldn't even be an attempt at fighting for the middleweight title. It's honestly amazing that some of these early Zuba Division expansions survived these really bad down periods they had at the beginning, but with the tough boom right around the corner. The Division couldn't have been reintroduced at a better time. While I'm going to throw Evan Tanner winning the title into this bad period, it's only because he was part of the transition out of it. Things finally got on course with the victory of Rich Franklin a few months after Tough aired and then we were off to the races. And it was in that tough boom fervor that the UFC fandom was introduced to Anderson Silva who marked the greatest era the division ever had. The thing that made Silva so special and in turn the division during his reign was that it felt like we were watching something important. He felt important pretty quickly. So even the most lackluster moments of his reign, the Cotay latest Maya run, you still felt like you were witnessing something special. But god, the highlights were unreal. The unification battle with Dan Henderson, wearing the mask at weigh-ins with Vtor and then the front kick, both wins over Rich Franklin. But let's be honest here, the real peak of this era was his rivalry with Chale Sonet. &gt;&gt; Getting to beat up Anderson is just a bonus. I'm after the championship belt. He's got it. We can't all get along. There can be only one champion. &gt;&gt; It just elevated everything else so much. And between the two of them, it really was a golden age in the division. We have rarely seen a rivalry reach the levels theirs did, or one that gives us a moment like Silva's unbelievable comeback in their first fight. &gt;&gt; It's incredible. A performance that will be remembered forever. It's hard to look at any other period The Division has ever had, even with the fantastic rivalry between Poeton and Izzy, and make any kind of comparison. Silva even ended the era in unbelievably dramatic fashion. OH [cheering] MY GOODNESS. Middleweight was never better than when the Spider ruled over it. Light heavyweight, man. Alex Pereira really is a modern savior of the sport because the absolute mess that was the light heavyweight division after Yuri Prohaskca got injured and was forced to vacate is one of the craziest comedy of errors. this sport has ever had. Here's the timeline. Yuri takes the title from Old Man Glover and 164 days in, he has to vacate because he hurt his shoulder. The UFC makes a vacant title bout between Yan Lhovich and Mamemed Ankallay that goes to a draw even though most people agreed that Ank won the fight. So, the title is still vacant and almost immediately afterwards &gt;&gt; you do Glover versus Jamal Hill in Brazil. &gt;&gt; Is that done? &gt;&gt; Done. &gt;&gt; Hill wins and we're somewhat back on track. There's still the whole Yuri thing and the whole ank thing, but we'll worry about that later. New champ. Let's focus on him. He tore Achilles he's playing basketball with Daniel Cormier. Can you just you just run that one by me again? I think I might have had a stroke and misheard you. So we lost yet another champion to an injury. You have to remember Jones vacates the top spot in 2020. And 3 years later now we've already had two more title vacations. An absolute dumpster fire. Luckily the massively popular Alex Pereira would get the next bacon title shot and make a real meal out of that run, saving the division from the shadow of JBJ and that disaster hot potato era. But what about the best times at light heavyweight? Well, there's definitely a strong argument for JBJ's era. Don't get me wrong. Some incredible stuff. Jones taking out the old guard in Shogun and Rampage, the wins over Machita and Evans and that rivalry, 151's disastrous but entertaining fallout with Vtor and Chale, the alltimer with Gustiffson, and of course, his rivalry with DC. &gt;&gt; Hey, are you still there? You're a scum of the earth. &gt;&gt; But as great as that was, I think the Iceman takes the top spot. Everybody felt like a superstar. Chuck, Tito, Randy. God, that rivalry alone with Liddell was incredible. Rampage would come in at the end and take the title from Liddell. You had the beginnings of tough and Forest Griffin with Stephan Bonner. It was such an exciting time in the sport and light heavyweight felt like this hotbed for the greatest talent in the world. With the Pride merger, expectations and hopes were so high. It's just really hard to match the excitement of that era. Heavyweight. All right, let's keep it a buck here. Heavyweight's in a pretty tough spot right now. Tom Aspenol's legacy is hanging on by a thread at the moment. It's not his fault, but he badly needs to beat Sir Ghan. And if he doesn't, I think we might be in the worst heavyweight era ever. Gan was defeated by both Francis Enanu and Jon Jones, two fighters with legitimate claims to the best heavyweight in the world right now with the mess that JBJ left the division. Aspenol can write the ship even with such a small talent pool right now. But if he falls, yeah, this is the worst era. That said, that's hypothetical. The worst era as it stands right now is without question when Tim Sylvia ruled the UFC. &gt;&gt; Tim Silvia. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Now there were several factors at play. The biggest being that most of the best talent in the world was fighting in Japan at the time. They were not in the UFC. They were in pride. It's why Dan McGee, Justin Eers, and Paula were title contenders during this period. The other thing is how badly the waters had been muddied in the UFC's division at that point. Tim Sylvia wins the title. Then 229 days later is stripped for a failed peed test. That alone is bad enough, but then he fights for the vacant title again right after that with Frank Mir who defeats him and is this great bright spot, but he gets in this horrible accident and is eventually forced to vacate. &gt;&gt; Broke my leg, tore my knee up to pieces. Uh almost lost my toe for a little bit, but it was hinged on enough that they sewed it back together. &gt;&gt; In the interim, Andre Arlovski stepped up and beat Sylvia and it looked like maybe we had a new star. But then he shockingly lost to him twice in a row after that. So, Sylvia has this second messy reign over a division that is just not top tier, and almost all the fights are complete snoozers. The division badly needed Randy Couture to take Sylvia's title and breathe some life into it. The best period has got to be when Kane was at the top. By that time, we had all the Pride guys over there, minus Fedor. Kane takes the title from Brock Lesnar, the biggest star in the history of the sport at that point. And of course, Brock is still around that next year. He has that massive matchup with Ree and his presence alone really pumped up attention on the division and on Velasquez which led us to two of the highest level guys heavyweight has ever had going at it in an epic trilogy courtesy of Kane and JDS. It was like this perfect blend period of the best of what was from before and outside the UFC and then this new type of heavyweight. It was an exciting time. Even when Verdoom took the title from Velasquez, we had no idea that Stipe was waiting in the wings to become the best UFC heavyweight of all time. So knowing that that talent existed as well boosts the era even more. It's one of the few times you can genuinely say heavyweight in the UFC was stacked. A big old shout out to Ronnie Rollins from FCC. This video was his idea. A big old thanks to our channel members. You guys got me excited about 2026. Fight fans. Join the fun. Hit the join button. Get exclusive content. Like and subscribe because where else are you going to get content like this? I want to hear some debate. Leave some comments about which of these eras you think was right or wrong. And thank you kindly for watching. Stay safe out there. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]