Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] [Music] That's a That is the power of of jiu-jitsu rematch. In the early days of mixed martial arts, Brazilian jiu-jitsu was an unsolvable puzzle. The world had never seen anything like it. In 1993, Hoist Gracie entered the first UFC and submitted one opponent after another, a lean and unassuming figure wearing simply his family's ghee. &gt;&gt; That's how Brazilian jiujitsu became so famous. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. because it looked so effective. &gt;&gt; This is 1993 &gt;&gt; and they didn't know how to defend us to take that. &gt;&gt; And so in one night after decades of developing their martial art, the Gracies entered martial arts legend. But if Hois and his family built the legend that Brazilian jiu-jitsu was the best martial art on the planet, one man would emerge to shatter it. A Japanese fighter in orange shorts, fighting surprisingly in the name of pro wrestling. Kazushi Sakuraba who goes under the banner of pro wrestling. There was something so special about him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't know what it was. A Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt tapped. What you call him the Gracie Hunter? Remember? &gt;&gt; And Kazushi Sakuraba and his wild wild style marches on. In an era where jiu-jitsu fighters dominated the game, Sakuraba was the first to truly understand their system and break it down. No, was the first Japanese to really understand jiujitsu. &gt;&gt; I always say he was the Gracie version of the Japanese. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; One by one, he would prove his technique was enough, that the game was evolving, that the world of mixed martial arts wasn't just about one lineage or just one way of fighting. This is the story of the man who solved the ultimate puzzle. The man who redefined what was possible inside the ring. &gt;&gt; He's the best fighter in the world. No question. There is no question. This is a story of the man who hunted the Gracies, Kazushi Sakarava. [Applause] Chapter 1. A Hero Emerges. The summer of 1969 gave us a lot of beautiful things. free love, rock and roll. And that summer in the small town of Katagami in Japan, known for its landscapes and traditional values, it was also the birthplace of a man who would one day shake the foundations of martial arts history. Of course, his name was Kazushi Sakaraba. And long before he would be known as the Gracie Hunter, he was just a boy with a dream, one that began with a fixation on the childhood hero. As a child, Sakaraba was obsessed with Tiger Mask, a popular Japanese manga and anime series about a masked professional wrestler who fought against a group of underground and legendary wrestlers that he eliminated one by one known as the Tiger's Den. For young Kazushi, this wasn't just entertainment. It was an aspiration. [Music] He wanted to become a hero. The kind of person admired for their wrestling ability. Just like Tiger Mask from the comics, by the 1980s, Tiger Mask was no longer just a fictional character, though. He'd actually become so popular the creators decided he should be licensed and turned into a real life pro wrestler. And in seeing his childhood hero physically come to life. By the age of 15, Sakaraba was ready to follow in his hero's footsteps as he entered the world of amateur freestyle wrestling by signing up at his local high school. But this was real competition. It was grueling. It demanded discipline, strength, and an ability to outthink an opponent in the heat of battle. And in that environment, Sakuraba thrived. He was apparently very naturally talented and immediately began to shine as he placed second in a national wrestling championship. And that success led him to Chuo University where he would develop his skills even further. Coached under the guidance of Shoozo Sasahara, this guy had won world championships and even an Olympic gold medal, one of the best to ever do it. And under his coaching, Saku would win the East Japan Freshman Championship and then came fourth place in the All Japan Collegiate Wrestling Championships. But amateur wrestling clearly being a path he could have gone down perhaps as an Olympian and coach, Sakuraba thought about why he'd even got it started in the first place. Remembering his childhood hero, Tiger Mask, and ultimately decided it was time to follow his dreams. Sakuraba was ready to risk it all on the adventure of a lifetime. His choice that day to step into the world of professional wrestling and into a ring would send ripples through the foundations of mixed martial arts, &gt;&gt; setting him on a collision course with one of the greatest dynasties martial arts has ever seen to change the history of MMA forever. But what exactly was Sakuraba signing up for? using actual combat sports techniques from kickboxing, submission wrestling, and whatever they thought was actually effective. The Union of Wrestling Forces was a pro- wrestling promotion in the 80s and '9s in Japan who would put on pro- wrestling matches that would blur the lines with these real techniques and stiff shots to simulate realism while also using those techniques to convince the fans this was all real. You go out there and your match looks kind of fakey. They don't like that. I I actually I've been in easier fights than some of those matches over there with those guys. And when they would hit you, you better cover up because they going they going to knock you out. Uh I think their lead guy was Mida and I think the last kick he gives me was a spinning heel kick. Anyway, knocks me out. These guys go out there and they'll beat the living crap out of you. Of course, they expect you to beat the living crap out of them. &gt;&gt; This was the era of kayfabe and it was alive and well. The number one cardinal rule of professional wrestling for 100 years was don't expose the secrets. In New York, newspaper expose killed wrestling for almost 15 years. Everybody realized this is Kay Fabe. We can't reveal what's going on. It'll cost us all our livelihoods. Protect the business. Don't spill the secrets. It's the world of Kay Fabe. &gt;&gt; I'll ask you the standard question. You know &gt;&gt; standard question. &gt;&gt; I think this is fake. &gt;&gt; You think it's fake? &gt;&gt; What's that? Is that fake? Huh? What the hell's wrong with you? That's open hand slack, huh? You think his face cover? &gt;&gt; In Japan, this created a series of escalations of stiffer and stiffer shots that began to look more and more like the real thing to both match the doubt of the skeptical fans wondering whether this was real or not, but also against all the other promotions to compete and create a more compelling TV product. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] But of course, these matches all still had predetermined outcomes. And for many fans in this era, many indeed, they thought it was real. The idea that these pro wrestlers in the ring were the same people outside of it based on these more violent inring moments. And if you don't know, it's in fact how Pancra, Shuto, and rings got started in the first place, which is why so many of these early fights were alleged to be fixed or manipulated. They were still competing with pro wrestling. Here's Ken Shamrock performing a pro wrestling move many fans would know as a Northern Lights suplex to Demetrius Johnson's coach Matt Hume in Pank Race and he was fast root putting someone's lights out. Both of these were happening simultaneously as it also happened infamously in Pride years later. &gt;&gt; It was a pretty weird finish, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; And so one of the mega stars behind this UWF was Noah Takada. Now, Takarta in particular had already been wrestling in several different organizations since the early 80s, including early incarnations of the UWF and was already a big star on the scene. But then he helped found the reformed UWF called the UWF International with the intentions of edging the pro wrestling scene towards even more grounded techniques and blurred realism. As I talked about earlier, the promotion in this initiative opted to market him to Cara as the world's best fighter. And in 1992, one year before Sakaraba joined, they even brought in a sumo champion, Kojiqat, a man whose ego and tough guy mentality infamously led to him declaring pro wrestling as fake during a scripted match with who most Western pro wrestling fans would know as Earthquake. This turned into an awkward situation where a very real fight almost broke out and an extremely puzzled earthquake was left screaming at him, "This is pro wrestling." to remind him this wasn't supposed to be an actual fight. There is a fantastic channel called Wrestling Colin here on YouTube that has done an incredible breakdown of this whole incident that I can't recommend enough. So yeah, apparently after repeated incidents like this of Cooji trying to start real fights in scripted matches and creating legit backstage issues, Cooji would be booked against Noah Takarta in a match that was meant to be scripted to a draw. But things went a little differently. [Applause] Needless to say, when this happened in October of 1992, actually KOing Katau for real was incredibly controversial. But it also made Takarta look like a legit fighter. And without a doubt, it raised his profile to a whole new level of stardom. All of which raised the profile of the UWFI as well in Japan. And so this is where the UWFI was at with all its controversies and a raised profile and the world that Sakaraba was joining in 1993. So how in the world did we get here? This lineage, as you can already tell, that Sakaraba was joining. It wasn't just your garden variety WWE style of wrestling. No, it was actually based much more on realistic techniques passed down from legendary grapplers who were continuing the slowly dying martial art called catch wrestling. A form of wrestling that could be stated simply as take the guy down, get dominant position, and attack with submissions. Most of which could also be found in BJJ or various other grappling arts. But as the catch wrestling scene struggled to make money, guys like Carl Gotch, Luz, and Billy Robinson took their trade to the world of pro wrestling and brought with them an elite level of knowledge when it came to submission grappling and very real techniques. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to go on my bike. Finish it off. &gt;&gt; Come on, fight your bloody. The UWFI established a gym in Japan known as the UWFI Snake Pit, a calling card to the Snake Pit Catch Wrestling Gym in Wigan, England, that had incubated this incredibly effective martial art. Billy Robinson was the head coach in Japan, who you can learn more about if you check out our video on catch wrestling. But he essentially brought with him the direct lineage of catch wrestling to teach to the UWF pro wrestlers, many of whom had already been training under other legends from that gym like Carl God. But since Sakaraba was now joining the UWFI, Robinson was about to be his new master. &gt;&gt; I found that the students here and I'm very proud of every one of them uh are just so dedicated. A lot of people that in two or three years from now could be world champions. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; So that's that's how good they are. And Robinson transformed Kazushi Sakuraba from a standout already elite freestyle wrestler into an absolute submission monster, imposing the priceless wisdom of 200 years of catch wrestling technique, leverage, and principles that would become the hallmark of Sakuraba's style for the rest of his career. The thing is though, all these guys from the Japanese pro wrestling circuit had also been learning these techniques. But there was something unique about Sakaraba that would set him apart from everyone else. and his very real amateur wrestling background with its grinding mindset clearly translated extraordinary well to catch submission wrestling style which actually in reality was the basis for freestyle wrestling in its founding. So it's no wonder Sakuraba quickly became the standout from the UWFI dojo. He had so many foundational elements of MMA combined even back then. However, when he joined the gym, it was traditional for these new trainees to be treated extremely harshly, made to clean the gym, do menial tasks, or withstand harsh punishment in training. Even still, he persisted and absorbed all the knowledge he could playing student. Then, while among the other veteran wrestlers who'd been around since the 80s and beyond, it seemed Sakarava had arrived at just the right time to also be able to learn from them as well, all while being driven by the harsh treatment he received. So at the same time this is going on, the UWFI promotion started growing in popularity. They were packing out baseball stadiums with their top star Takarta taking out all these different martial artists in scripted fights. [Applause] the rule. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. &gt;&gt; But by the mid '90s, well, some fans started to look at the promotion differently. By now, actual MMA promotions were on the rise like the UFC, pancrace, rings, and even Valet Pseudo Japan or Shuto that was being run by Sattoru Sama aka the very same tiger mask that had inspired Sakaraba. And if you compared some of these fights, especially in Shuto and Pankra, to the scripted ones in the UWFI, well, it didn't exactly look that real anymore. 1 2 3 [Applause] and fans for the first time you know really had to start questioning the reality they were presented with. It was to the point where some cross promotional events literally had Pancra and UWF stacked on the same cards together. For many, this was just making it all too obvious. [Applause] But the two chief examples to really put a spotlight on this stark contrast between MMA or real fights versus scripted pro wrestling matches with a Valet Tudo Japan events run by the original Tiger Mask Story Sama's Shuto organization. Both of these were dominated by Hicken Gracie in 1994 and 1995. These fights displayed a level of brutality, some of which permanently injured fighters involved, but also controlled aggression in other bouts, especially on the part of Hixon. &gt;&gt; Number one again. &gt;&gt; And each event attracted an enormous amount of attention, even beyond what pancra or normal shooter events attracted, while rings during this era certainly wasn't putting on many real fights, if any at all. [Music] [Applause] [Music] So, these Valet Tulo tournaments were big time standouts at the time, but much more modeled after the UFC style with a much more open rule set including punches to the head, unlike Pancra, which required slaps or palm strikes, and there was a lack of rope breaks. Pancra was of course called a hybrid wrestling promotion for that reason. Real fights, but with somewhat pro wrestling rules essentially. If it sounds confusing on what's real and what isn't, well, that's by design. This was the era that blurred lines of real and fake and was really starting to be crossed once and for all. And just as notable as the fights, these events managed to reignite a half ccentury old rivalry. &gt;&gt; When a man with a 45 beats a man with a rifle, you said the man with a pistol is a dead man. Let's see if that's true. &gt;&gt; Takarta, like I mentioned earlier, was on this pro wrestling tour of taking out all the best fighters in scripted matches. Well, he saw the aftermath of these Valley Tudo tournaments with Hixon winning and he wanted to put together a match. Hixon wasn't interested though in scripted entertainment and initially ignored Dart's taunts and invitations. But as Dart didn't let out overtime, he finally responded but on his terms. I mean, I'm not one of his association, but if he think I'm scared because he said I'm scared and this a lot of things about me, he can come in anytime and we just fight. And this is where Yoji Anjo comes into play. [Music] &gt;&gt; One of the champions of the UFO called Takada start to talk. Oh, I like to fight Hick. I got to kick his ass. This and that. Start to talking a lot of gossip. Maybe after two or 3 months of this kind of talking around my name forever. One of the friends I have in Japan, they come and said, "Mr. Grace, and you should have official answer for that. People will start thinking you afraid." So I said, "Okay." So I make a letter stating I will never will fight on their ring because they not legit. They fix fights. We can fight even on the street but I'm not there to fight on his event because that's will depradise my real fight status. Takada went out of the gossip and then show up in the magazine start he start to say he will come into LA to beat me up. Yoji was a guy from the UWFI roster of pro wrestlers looked at as one of the best shooters i.e. real fighters on the team. He was quote unquote a bad guy in the wrestling ring, but he also believed in the martial arts that they'd been learning. And when Hixon wouldn't come to them, he wanted to go to Hixon's gym to defend Takarta's honor. Uh my assistant at the school called me and said, "Hixon, some guys here, some Japanese guys are here waiting for you, want to talk to you." When I arrived, I saw a van full up with photographers outside, full of Japanese with cameras, full of reporters inside. Andrew did indeed sharp at Hixon's gym unannounced and ready to humble the toughest Gracie on his own turf. And what commenced was one of the most one-sided beatings in martial arts history. He's he come into the m to the ring. I you know we start to fight him. Immediately I felt his intention to hit me. Immediately I clinch put him on the ground. In that particular case I have to display showcase his punishment. So I start to hit him with the elbow, expect him to turn. Eventually he turned and I punch him in the face until broke his nose and make all bleed all cut up. He turned again backwards and I put him to sleep and then I let him sleeping on his own blood and then I said to the the press said, "Okay, now let them in." [Music] Andrew's face was swollen and bloodied. He claimed he was jumped, but the whole thing was filmed. And uh and then he left to Japan. And when he get there, he say to the crowd he was jumped. And then I get my my assistant and I said, "Listen, Yuri, you take this tape, you go to Japan, make a press conference, show the the press, and come back and bring this back." Once the Japanese saw the press tape and that it was a fair fight, Hixon's popularity exploded in Japan. And let's hope Hixon releases that tape one day. Will you release it to the world? &gt;&gt; Probably eventually. &gt;&gt; Oh man. &gt;&gt; Oh, you got to release it. &gt;&gt; And okay, at this point you might be a bit confused. Why are we going into all these details of seemingly unrelated pro wrestling backstories versus Hixon and the Gracies? Well, this is the stage that was set for Sakuraba when he would finally enter the scene. And to this point, this ano mythical beatdown wasn't just a loss. It was a gigantic embarrassment. WF had tried to prove that they like the Gracies could fight as well. and the stuff that they were doing had made them legit fighters, but instead they had effectively handfed a top pro wrestling star to the ever growing Gracie mythos. Hixon's destruction of Andro only reinforced the idea that BJJ was superior to Japanese catch wrestling. And for Sakaraba, this loss couldn't go unanswered. If the pro wrestling trained catch wrestlers had failed, they needed someone new to step up and reclaim their honor. Chapter 2, Real Fighting. Shortly after these events, with a diminished name in the legit world of fighting, not to mention plenty of issues within the UWFI, well, the once Titan organization began to crumble. And pivotally, these new talents began to seek new opportunities. But MMA hadn't just affected the world of pro wrestling, as it did in the West, MMA, of course, affected all legit martial arts, including a kickboxing promotion called Shootute Fighting, who began to dabble in MMA themselves. And with the fall of the UWFI, it meant that for Sakaraba, it was time to move on. and he signed up for a bout in Shoot Boxing's event dubbed the S cup world tournament in July of 1996 on his 27th birthday. But as we've seen, this time period in Japan with MMA is anything but straightforward. This is on Sakaraba's record as his first MMA fight where he was booked against UFC star Kimo Leopoldo, who outweighed him by at least 60 lb. But the results of this one are questionable. Take a look yourselves. [Music] Is that exactly the way you expected that to go? Considering Sakuraba's legend, who you'll soon see if you don't already know, and who he would defeat specifically with submissions, and it being well, you know, KMO. While most regard this as a work or scripted pro wrestling match with stiff shots here and there to make it a bit more believable. For instance, there are some legitimately rough looking moments. But yeah, it's not hard to see why this all seems a bit farfetched to see K chemo of all people subbing a submission master like Sakaraba. &gt;&gt; He's tougher than I thought. He needs a little bit more submission. &gt;&gt; He needs a little bit more submission. &gt;&gt; But either way, it didn't matter because now Sakaraba was determined to continue fighting in MMA. And a massive, massive opportunity came knocking in the Christmas of 1997. But before that would take place, the fight Japan and Brazil had been waiting to see would finally take place. Takarta in the aftermath of UWFI's fall. And in order to meet Hicks and Gracy's demand that the two meet in a legit fighting organization rather than pro wrestling ring, well, Takarta had a solution. The fan interest and financial backing was at a fever pitch when the world witnessed the birth of a new MMA promotion based in Japan called Pride Fighting Championships. This was 1997 and no doubt it was being built around Takarta's revenge for teammate Yojanjo in the name of Japanese catch wrestling itself for those that lost three years prior and it all targeted at the man himself Hixon Gracie probably the most famous professional wrestler in Japan boss as popular as Hulk Hogan would be in the United States on the pro wrestling circuit against a person some people feel is the greatest fighter in mixed martial arts Hicks of Racing &gt;&gt; Sakuraba's wrestling teammate Takarta went in there and tried to do what Andro failed to do. Prove the effectiveness of their style. &gt;&gt; Got the hands locked. Takata taps out. That was a quick one, folks. Hicks and Gracie continues his undefeated streak over the most famous pro wrestler in Japan. Noiko Takata exposed the pro wrestler, the guy who'd been built in pro wrestling and publicly claiming himself in real life as the world's best fighter. It had gone down much the same way as the Anjo fight. just a one-sided destruction and humiliation for the Japanese pro wrestlers. For Zakaraba, sitting at ringside, this was a turning point. Watching his mentor get effortlessly dismantled must have been a painful experience, but it also confirmed what Sakuraba had already started to suspect. If Japanese pro wrestlers wanted to survive in MMA, they had to evolve. Sakuraba wasn't going to make the same mistakes as Takada. He'd done nothing but study martial arts his entire life, even from reading those early childhood comics. And his time was beginning just 2 months later. The UFC by the December of 1997 was struggling in the dark ages and having just lost their main event star with Mark Kerr leaving. But the UFC's misfortune was Sakuraba's chance to prove himself on a world stage. &gt;&gt; He was the guy then jumped on the in the fight on the venge like last second. &gt;&gt; But it wasn't even Sakaraba who was originally invited to UFC Japan. It was actually Hiramitsu Kanahara and Yoji Anjo who signed up to compete. But when Kanahara pulled out last minute, Sakaraba got his chance. But the problem was Sakaraba was not a heavyweight and this was a heavyweight tournament and he was the smallest guy and he had basically no experience in real MMA in this tournament versus Marcus Conan Syl Va Yoji Anjo and Tank Abbbert. For this also meant he'd been given a chance to redeem himself after the fight against Hixon in the promotion that made the Gracies famous. He was booked on the other side of the bracket from Sakaraba to fight Tank Abbert, the UFC's original bad boy. And if you know anything about Yoji Anjo's career, well, that redemption day would never really come. And this fight definitely didn't help. Tank Abbott after a typical strong start basically gassed on top of Anjo with no defense or offense to write home about. &gt;&gt; Really unable to hurt Tank Abbott, but able to endure anything Abbott was able to throw at him. &gt;&gt; Sakuraba then had to walk out to face a man almost twice his size. Marcus Conan Syla, a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt and heavyweight standing at 6'2 and weighing over 230 lb. But Sakaraba wasn't intimidated and immediately took him down. Brazilian jiu-jitsu specialist who was taken to his back by Sakuraba here. &gt;&gt; Bizarrely though, when Conan had Saku pinned against the fence and Kazushi shot for another takedown, ref Big Big John McCarthy called the fight off. &gt;&gt; He was out. &gt;&gt; Big Jon kept repeating he was out while Sakaraba and his team protested immediately stating he was not and even refused to leave the cage. And as it had turned out, Tank had gotten injured in that Yoji fight which now meant that they had no main event for the evening. Quick thinking took place and what do you know? Sakuraba and Conan being run back suddenly started to make a lot of sense. When they officially ruled the first fight as a no contest is unclear, but what is clear is that this was when they decided to rebook the fight again and save their show from ending without Mark Kerr who was originally booked as a main attraction. And now even this tournament final with their replacements. &gt;&gt; I won the fight. I'm so happy. going to be going back to the my dress room and celebrating and I just heard the knock at the door comes and say you have to come back. I know that he had a replacement a guy that was just there in case something happened. So he say no you got to come back and you got to fight a rub again. And I say when? 20 minutes. My brother comes to me and he say, "Hey, um, stop for a second. Take a look outside. Why this Japanese in the black?" &gt;&gt; Yeah, look at the tattoos on it. &gt;&gt; No. No. The black sto waiting by my door. &gt;&gt; Apparently, according to Conan, the feeling was if he didn't fight him, something bad might actually happen to him. But of course, this is his side of the story and perspective. Everyone can plainly see that that was a bad stoppage. It's actually pretty funny. This is the way he's chosen to tell the story. Either way, the redemption fight was on, and Sakuraba was not about to waste it. After several grappling exchanges, Saku reversed position and did the unthinkable. &gt;&gt; Arar, that's it. Sakuraba taps out Conan Sira. Like, what? A Brazu black belt tapped. Like, no one thought that Conan would tap. At first, no one realized what they just witnessed. The UFC had only invited Sakaraba as a lastminute filler. And yet, here he was proving his ground game better than a Carlson Gracie jiu-jitsu black belt. This was pretty much unheard of. In 1997, Sakuraba got on the mic and said one thing. In fact, professional wrestling is strong. Something I'm sure he'd been dying to say for years. Winning the UFC Japan tournament should have been his breakout moment under normal circumstances. But of course, with the UFC massively struggling at the time, very few people were watching. So then, Sakaraba did not stay with the UFC. He was already a pro wrestling star in Japan, and that's also where the real paydays were happening for MMA as well, while the West was failing. But beyond that, Pride also offered Sakuraba the chance to really show the legacy and heritage of all he'd been taught in Japanese pro wrestling schools and utilized the very real catch wrestling techniques he'd learned and the dream of becoming a real life tiger mask. Chapter 3, the birth of the Gracie Hunter. Pride one had been a disaster for Japanese pro wrestling. The man who was supposed to redeem it in a real fight against Hixon had been effortlessly dismantled. It only reinforced what had already been established in the early days of MMA, Brazilian jiu-jitsu, was king. But where others saw defeat, Kazushi Sakaraba saw opportunity. After his first pride win over Vernon Tiger White, Sakuraba quickly became a fan favorite as a Japanese fighter in his home country. His style was unlike anything anyone had seen before. Creative, playful, and effective. He wasn't afraid to take risks and unlike many other wrestlers. He embraced jiu-jitsu learning to counter and escape from submission attempts. He then shocked a ton of people when he tapped the BJJ black belt Carlos Newton with a freaking knee bar. Carlos Newton has tapped out. Kazushi Sakuraba has knee barred Carlos Newton. &gt;&gt; Wow. These wins continued up until Pride 4 where he'd reach the time limit and go to a draw for the first time ever against Carlson Gracie fighter Alan Ghost who'd later say Sakaraba was the best fighter he ever faced on the ground. Takarda in the meantime rematched Hicks and Gracie that same night, a repeat of Pride One, but once again to no avail. Mama. &gt;&gt; Oh, he got him again. &gt;&gt; Japanese catch wrestling was struggling in MMA and needed someone to rise from the ashes. And sure enough, at the very next Pride show, for the first time ever, Sakurabi was made the co-main event and he was going to be playing another great jiu-jitsu black belt himself, Vtor Belelffort, in his own Pride debut. At this time, Vtor Belelffort was already a terrifying opponent. He had run through the early UFC tournaments with blazing fast hands, knocking out opponents in seconds, including Vanderlay Silva in less than a minute. He outweighed Saku by quite a bit in the unregulated era of MMA and it marked a seemingly insurmountable test for Sakaraba. Sakaraba always surprised us until now and if he can pull this one off, it's going to be a good one. Kazushi Sakuraba has never faced a striker of the caliber of Vtor Belelffort. Saku was under pressure early, but he effectively neutralized him with his wrestling. Wow. Sucked Robert chopping down with the right hand. And then in later rounds, he's like faking and taunting, throwing spinning kicks, kind of playing mind games with him in a way that no one had dared to before. And again, he goes for a dig and that makes it I got to say it looks like Sakuraba is inside Vtor's head. Oh, beautiful back kick spinning. After 15 minutes, Sakuraba won by unanimous decision, handing Belffort just his second loss in MMA. More importantly, it showed that a guy from the world of pro wrestling with the right attitude and training could outwork a Gracie jiu-jitsu black belt. Sakaraba would continue to win, picking up another two submission wins at Pride 6 and seven. By the time Pride 8 came around, now with five wins under his belt, he was quickly becoming Japan's best hope in MMA. &gt;&gt; And it was just a matter of time before he faced one of the famed Gracie family members. &gt;&gt; Ha. Gracie wasn't the biggest, nor was he the most famous. But he had beaten Saku's teammate, Yui Sano, and was a four-time world BJ champion and undefeated in MMA. Just as importantly, he was a Gracie family representative, which meant this wasn't just about Sakuraba fighting an opponent. This was a chance to go after the family that had humiliated Japanese fighters. Undefeated in no holds barred competition, the Gracies have a legacy around the world. Originally way back in 1951, Masahiko Kamura, a legendary judoka, had traveled to Brazil to face the also legendary Ilio Gracie, the founder of Brazilian jiu-jitsu who had been challenging people from all different martial arts to come and face the Gracies. As the story goes, Kamura handled him easily and put him in a shoulder lock that forced the Gracies to throw in the towel. They named the move after him, the Kamura. But at this point in pride, the Gracies were undefeated and their reputation remained untouchable. In November 1999, Sakaraba was about to step into the ring against Haer Gracie. And he wasn't just fighting for himself, he was fighting for Japan's honor. This was the moment to erase Takarta's failures and to finally break the Gracie streak. But Sakaraba wasn't just another opponent for the Gracies. He was about to start a war. The fight was a technical battle with Haer trying to submissions while Sakaraba punished him with strikes. It was scheduled for 15 minutes, but there were some special rules. If it went the distance, it would be called a draw regardless of how the fight went. It was an adjustment that favored the Gracies and their image. No matter what happened, Saku couldn't win on points. He had to finish him. And then something happened that shocked the entire martial arts world. Sakuraba caught Haer in a kamura. Hiler is on the verge of being submitted here by Kizushi Sakuraba. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. &gt;&gt; The referee is waiting the fight off. The referee has stopped the fight. The arena exploded. The Gracies were furious because Haer did not tap and his arm was not broken. They didn't feel the ref had any reason to stop the fight other than the fear of an impending break, which is not a thing refs are meant to stop a fight for, especially as the fight was nearly over and would have gone to a decision/ special rules draw soon otherwise. Sakuraba had just broken the Gracy's family's aura of invincibility, and it was clear he would have also won on any conventional scoring card. This night was the birth of the Gracie Hunter. After the fight, the Gracies immediately demanded revenge and Sakaraba challenged Hicks and Gracie himself. He'd started a war. 2 months later, Pride kicked off the Millennium with their unprecedented 16-man 2000 Grand Prix tournament with both Sakaraba and none other than the undefeated champion of three UFC's, including the first one ever, Hois Gracie, both in the bracket. But the first round of the tournament put Saku against one of the highly trained Lion's Den members and he'd actually hit a bit of a roadblock on the way to hoist. Sakaraba showed off good striking and controlled the grappling exchanges. But Meza had his moments though and after 15 minutes the fight went to a decision. But here's where things got controversial. Normally if the fight goes a distance, there's an overtime round. But because this was a one- night tournament, apparently when Mezga and Saku signed to fight, it was agreed that there wouldn't be overtime. But that's not how things went down. Mezga and Ken Shamrock thought he'd done enough to win, but were suddenly surprised when the Japanese officials called for one more round of overtime. Guy had entered the tournament on just two weeks notice. Apparently, he also had a broken foot. He told Sherog they signed for just one 15-minute round. And so, when he went to the corner expecting it to be over, and they called for more time, it makes sense that Ken Shamrock was super pissed. &gt;&gt; Ken Shamrock is very upset and he's ordering Gazdu to go back to the dressing room. He tried to get the judges to call the fight, but when Guy wouldn't come out for another round, it was declared a retirement instead. So, the winner was actually Sakuraba, even though he had probably maybe lost that fight and needed an extra round. Ken Shamrock accused Pride of fixing the result to push Sakuraba forward. But now, there was a bigger challenge for Saku in waiting. He was about to face Hoist Gracie, the original UFC champion, the man who had introduced Brazilian jiu-jitsu to the world. But again, the Gracies wanted special rules. Instead of the usual 10 and 5-minute rounds, the Gracie family demanded there be no time limit. The fight would only end if someone was finished or if their corner threw in the towel. The reasoning? Well, Gracies believed that Ho's endurance and jiu-jitsu skills would wear down Sakaraba over time, and they also didn't want a repeat of what had happened before. Pride actually agreed to these rules, setting up what would become the biggest fight in Japan, and actually one of the most legendary fights in MMA history. Sakuraba as always was putting on a show as wild and crazy walkouts had become part of his performances in pride. From the opening bell, Sakuraba stayed patient. His superior wrestling allowed him to stuff Hoist's takedown attempts and punish him with strikes and leg kicks. The real turning point came as the fighter stretched past 30 minutes, something absolutely unheard of in modern MMA. Saku started mocking Hoist midfight, using the ghee to deal more damage and controlling Hoist with the ghee trying to reach around. &gt;&gt; That is nice. I got to admit that that's a great move with the ghee. As the fight passed the 60-minute mark, Hoist was exhausted. His face was swollen, his legs were being battered, and Sakarabo just wasn't slowing down. Then at the 90minute mark, the Gracie corner had had enough. Look at the ground. &gt;&gt; The original Ultimate Fighter Hoist had been defeated and Sakaraba had outlasted him. And this was a guy who used to chain smoke cigarettes as well as compete. But it wasn't just Sakaraba who was now beating the Gracies. Just a few months earlier, another Japanese legend and training partner of Sakarabas we haven't talked about also fought one Gracie, Kyoshi Tamura. By 2000, he was one of the greatest fighters to come out of the Billy Robinson catch wrestling system that taught these Japanese pro wrestlers. And this guy tomorrow had gone 19 three and three in MMA. Make no mistake, his career is extremely noteworthy and accomplished as well. There are some questionable decisions like that of the Frank Shamrock fight. It's fair to say that the draw the two had didn't really seem fair, as if it wasn't for Ring's pro wrestling based rope break rule that seemed outdated by April of 1999. That and Shamrock being penalized for a closed fist punch also brings home the point. which is ultimately why it was scored a draw in the end. Otherwise, Frank would have won. Tamura also no doubt competed in worked or other scripted matches in rings with the organization founder Akira Miada. Plenty of others that put on pro wrestling matches build these as real fights. Kind of wild to still see them listed as real fights on their records after all these years. But largely by this point, Rings was shedding his pro- wrestling past and beginning to turn more legitimate. And Tamora had kept his unbeaten streak for quite a while and just three months before Hoist and Sakura before he met the undefeated Henzo Gracie in the rings final, but this time with a notably much better rule set that did include closed fist punches and did away with rope breaks. Although frustratingly still no punches to the head on the ground. Either way, as part of the legendary King of Kings tournament, tomorrow put on a fantastic performance, stopping most of Henzo's takedown attempts, shucking off early submission attempts, and mostly dominating the ground exchanges as the fight went on. [Applause] So between Tamura and Sakaraba, Japanese pro wrestling was more than representing themselves well on the world stage against the Gracies. As part of the King of Kings tournament, Tamura would meet several next generation stars such as Babaloo Brawl and even Gilbert Ival, but unfortunately lose. But Tamura, even with his losses and questionable fights, that does make it harder to give his story as much credit as Sakaraba. You can't take away those legit wins from him, and he also becomes relevant again later in this story. Sakaraba, though, he was on a completely different path on his way to becoming the pound-for-pound number one. Chapter 4, the war of submissions. The rest of the Pride 2000 Grand Prix tournament did not play out great for Zakaraba. He had about as much time as the fight with Hoist had gone on to recover before he had to walk back to the arena for the final. And if that wasn't enough, Eigor of Chanchchin stood in front of him. One of the hardest hitting heavyweights in the world. He had about 50 lbs on Sakaraba and had won his fight in 10 minutes hours ago. But even still, Sakaraba took him down multiple times. &gt;&gt; Told you he's very fast. That was very quick. He is fast. That was fast. &gt;&gt; Eventually though, after 15 minutes, Sakaraba's corner threw in the towel. He was out of the tournament and Vchansin advanced to the finals. It's not surprising he just didn't have anything left to be able to continue. But because Sakaraba hadn't just beaten one Gracie by using the ghee, he had taunted Hoist. He had pretty much humiliated the entire family in front of the world. They wanted revenge. The Gracie family's aura of invincibility was cracking. And if Hois couldn't beat Sakura, could any Gracie? &gt;&gt; There was something so special about him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And look, I love the Gracies. And he was beating the Gracies. And I we couldn't help but like him. &gt;&gt; You called him the Gracie Hunter. Remember the next Gracie to step up to defend the family name was Henzo Gracie. Keen for his own revenge after losing to Tamura, he was one of the most well-rounded fighters in the family with a good tactical mind for MMA and its rule set. Unlike Hoist, Henzo had a much more aggressive physical approach to fighting with a kick and he's &gt;&gt; Sakaraba was also a lot smaller than Tamura who was a much more muscular guy. Bigger than even Henzo and much bigger than Saku, that's for sure. and he'd used his size and top game to nullify the Gracie guard. And of course, Henzo wanted to show that that was just a one-off. &gt;&gt; This is the fight of the century. We've been waiting for this. People around the world have been waiting for this fight. &gt;&gt; Enzo wasn't afraid to engage. He pushed forward and threw strikes. And for the first 10 minutes, it was a highle chess match. &gt;&gt; That round's a little too close to call. I have to go with Enzo in that round. He was more the aggressor. I would have to agree with you on that. Then with one minute left in the final round, history would once again repeat itself. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, he broke his arm. It's over. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. Sakuraba dislocated Hanzo Gracy's elbow. &gt;&gt; The same submission that had broken Ilio Gracie in 1951 at the hands of Kamura. And with no way to escape, another Gracie had fallen. &gt;&gt; Sakurama is now 3 and0 against Gracies. And this was the best Grace he fought. He's the best fighter in the world. No question. There is no question. &gt;&gt; Once and for all, he'd proven that Japanese pro wrestlers and what they had studied was as good, if not better, than BJJ. &gt;&gt; If anybody had doubts before this fight about Kazushi Sakurava's authenticity of pro wrestling going good, this is proved. And in an amazing moment in martial arts following the biggest fight in history, Henzo was honest about why it happened. &gt;&gt; And everybody's in shock because it looks very ugly like your elbow is actually out of place. And then I stood up and I shake my opponent's head and I congratulated him for his victory. And for the whole time I was smiling and laughing and making jokes. Let me tell you one thing. I never felt so much pain in my life. But I would never give him the pleasure to see my face in pain. At this point, Sakaraba was no longer just a fighter. He was a legend like his hero Tiger Mask. The graces his own Tiger's Den. But there was still one more Gracie Sakaraba went on to face and he was the wildest of them all. High in Gracie wasn't like Hoist or Henzo. He wasn't a tactical fighter or a technician. He was a brawler. Known as the bad boy of the Gracie family, Hyen was aggressive, violent, and unpredictable. &gt;&gt; Everything that I did in my life that brought trouble to my parents, he gave them at least four times more. If Hois was the family's purist and Henzo was the strategist, Hyen was the street fighter. &gt;&gt; Hyen wants right at Sakuraba. Really wants to fight. He's here to fight. Spanking him. Unbelievable. By the time Pride 17 was over, Sakaraba had almost single-handedly brought down the Gracie Empire. Even though Pride still respected the Gracie name, the shift had already happened. The days of BJJ alone dominating MMA were over and a new era of well-rounded fighters had begun. And Sakuraba goes down from this legacy alone as Japan's greatest fighter in MMA history. The only grace he left to face was Hixon, the man that had beaten Anjo, then to Carter twice and started Pride in the first place, but it was a fight that never materialized. Apparently, Hixon wanted complete control over the rules with no judges or time limits and no referee stoppages like last time. But the Pride promoters apparently after seeing what Sakaraba had gone through in his 90 minutes against Hoist, they didn't want to agree to that again. Hixon was also apparently demanding over $1 million for his purse, a fee that Pride just did not want to justify. And around this time as well, sadly Hixon lost his son under tragic circumstances. And even though they apparently Pride offered him $5 million, he decided to retire from MMA and never competed again. Instead, there was a lot of interest next for Sakaraba to take on another pound-for-pound great martial artist, including a bout with Frank Shamrock, the UFC light heavyweight champion, similar in size to Sakaraba. Black Belt magazine that year had them both tied as number one pound-for-pound. Frank, though, never joined Pride. He told Bloody Elbow that their contracts were the silliest thing he'd ever seen. They expected him to be able to fight on just 2 weeks notice within £35. He said it didn't feel like a sport, a sport we'd worked incredibly hard to build and rehab in the US. He said it was weird business and a freaky situation. So Pride had to go in a different direction. Enter Vanderlay Silva, a ferocious Brazilian striker, insanely aggressive, and someone who had been ripping through opponents since the beginning of his career. He'd fought Tito Ortiz a year prior in 2000, but it didn't go his way. And after beating five opponents in Pride, Vanderlay stepped in against Saku at Pride 13. But it's fair to say no one really understood what was about to happen next. Survivor. Oh, Saka is forced to take out the leg out. He's going to back out. Unbelievable. Silva has start. &gt;&gt; The loss to Manderlay Silva was unfortunately the start of many for Sakarava. He continued to take on challenges of any size and he could on several occasions probably have stepped away from fighting heavier opponents, but he didn't. Instead, he continued to take on some of the biggest and most dangerous names in the sport for years. Both his rematches with Vanderlay Silva ended in brutal losses. Sakuraba then instead moved on to fighting heavyweights like Mo Crocot. Sakuraba took the fight anyway and suffered a broken orbital bone. Every loss chipped away at Sakuraba's body, his speed, and although he was still beloved in Japan, it was becoming painfully clear the sport was moving past him and he was taking way too much damage in fights to continue. A lot of people feel that uh he's authoring his final chapter in what has been an incredible career. After Pride's involvement with organized crime and the Yakuza became public knowledge, they lost their TV deal in Japan with Fuji TV and they officially shut down with the UFC purchasing the company and absorbing some of its fighters. &gt;&gt; Today is a great day for me. I'm very excited today. But as a whole, Japanese MMA also began to decline as a sport center of gravity shifted to the US with the rise of the UFC and the Ultimate Fighter reality show. Sakuraba though kept fighting into his 40s. He even ran it back with Hoist Gracie in 2007, but the whole fight was marred after Hoist took the decision, but popped literally for anabolic steroids afterwards. He would also fight Tamura, who I mentioned earlier, that beat Henzo Gracie. Things didn't go Sakaraba's way in that one either, unfortunately. Meanwhile, it marked the end of Tamura's career in 2008. I think Kazu Sakuraba in this fight said, "I'm done. I don't want to fight anymore." &gt;&gt; Sakuraba's final MMA fight, however, came much later poetically in 2015 against Shina Aayoki, a man who had become the biggest star in Japan as Sakaraba's whining years faded and who had been the deacto torchbearer at his doorstep, ready to lay claim to it formally. It was a meeting of two of the biggest stars the country had ever seen in MMA competition, &gt;&gt; and the game is over. This was Ali Holmes in MMA. &gt;&gt; That's exactly what it was. &gt;&gt; At 46 years old, the Gracie Hunter, the pride legend, and Japan's greatest fighter had finally reached his limit. A beautiful moment though in 2017 was Sakaraba's induction into the UFC Hall of Fame, where officially he received the international recognition he deserved for himself and his fellow pro wrestlers that fought so hard to earn. Kazushi Sakuraba's legacy is defined by his technical mastery, his crazy creative style, and at times even intentionally humorous and unorthodox approach, his unyielding spirit, and of course, his willingness to face any opponent, regardless of size or reputation. And in his case, he took on the biggest one of them all, the Gracie family. His career also serves as a testament to the art of catch and shoot wrestling. And long after his prime, his legacy remains intact. Many had tried, but Sakuraba's childhood dreams, natural ability, no fear in the face of a fight, and pride for his country helped him prove no empire is untouchable. And for that, his name will never be forgotten. [Applause] [Music] Okay guys, that is just about it for the legendary career of Sakura. Hope you enjoyed. He's a very important character in the history of mixed martial arts. So, if you don't know, now you know. And if you did know, we hope you enjoyed this trip down memory lane. Got to give a special shout out to Jason for this one. obviously big boss man. He helped with the script writing, putting everything together, the research, but also the editing, guys. He put the whole video together. So, if you like the video, please do me a favor. Say thank you to Jason for this one cuz he worked really hard on it. Thank you to all you channel members out there, guys. We appreciate you. We hope you enjoy the early access videos, the access to the writers meeting. If you want to join them, guys, and support the channel, click the button down below, become a channel member. Lots of cool perks. You can find out more down there. Thank you channel members. We appreciate you. Thank you very much for all support. We appreciate it. I've been Bailey. Hope you've enjoyed this one, guys. Let me know uh what essay you want to see next, who we're going, where we're going next in MMA history. Let me know. I will see you in the next one. Goodbye, guys. Thank you. [Music]