Kind: captions Language: en The UFC's heavyweight division is in total crisis. Hell, heavyweight in general is in crisis. And it's got a lot of people grasping for some pretty extreme solutions. &gt;&gt; We should probably just allow people to to use their better athletes that we have, the harder people can hit, the faster people can move, the more people are going to watch. &gt;&gt; I think it should be mandatory for the UFC heavyweight division, man. These heavyweights be on like hands on knees one round in, bro. And we've seen a lot of takes like this all over the internet. And so, are they right about this? Is it time to go back to the days of Overim, or should I say Uber and the most jacked version of heavy weights we've ever seen with basically no drug testing penalties? Well, let's take a look. I'm Jason from MMA on Point, and I'm asking if people are right, and if it's time to start allowing peeds to save the heavyweight division. So commonly what is the first suggestion as to why steroids should not be allowed in the sport &gt;&gt; in mixed martial arts as opposed to even any other sport even wrestling. Wrestling your health is on the line but nowhere near as much as it is in mixed martial arts. So the cheating it's not a matter of a guy getting across the finish line faster than you. It's a matter of a guy landing blows that they would not have been able to land had they not been cheating. cuz you're talking essentially about not just illegal activity, not just cheating, but potentially assault. And what if someone dies? Like what if someone is doping and it's proven that they're doping and the beating they give their opponent leads to that opponent dying? And to play devil's advocate against this point, well, we kind of already know what MMA and completely unfettered steroid use looks like. In Japan, for instance, with pride for a period of about 10 years, not only were steroids explicitly allowed, but so were soccer kicks and knees to the head of a grounded opponent. Even weight classes were unlocked in the case of Bob Sap versus Big Nog. What's the most serious injury that came out of that period? Without a doubt, the worst injuries we have seen in big box MMA were not from pride, but they were from a weight cuts with one championship having the only major death in a top level organization. Otherwise, it's only happened in tiny regional promotions. And beyond that, the worst injuries we have seen are going to be actually again not from Pride, but the leg breaks from the UFC and Anderson and Widman or what about Pantosia last December. But of course, I'm only saying this for devil's advocate's sake. We all know what happened to Michael Bisping's eye at the hands of Vtor Belelffort, and it likely wouldn't have happened without Vtor being juiced to the gills. So, you can go back and forth on this point. And to explore the issue further, I decided to sit down and have a chat with someone who's talked at length on this subject with Joe Rogan on his podcast and who has a lot of insight on this issue, but he's also had some compelling things to say about steroids being used in MMA. Luke Thomas, fighting is like smoking. You can smoke marble reds, you can smoke menthols, you can smoke lights. At the end of the day, you're putting yourself at risk at a pretty significant degree. When I watch athletes who I think or know are on something, the sport tends to be better. When I watch Mark Maguire hit balls into Mars, I love it. I think it's great. &gt;&gt; Mark Magguire has finally come clean, admitting he used steroids when he broke baseball's home run record in 1998. &gt;&gt; You're supposed to have this moralistic, puritanical idea about drugs. I do not. &gt;&gt; So, what did he have to say to me when I asked him about the subject? By the way, I have no idea why OBS stopped recording here. Thankfully, the audio did stick around, but yeah, just bear with the fact that there's not actually him on camera here. &gt;&gt; This is just the reality that people have to wrap their heads around. The drugs are never going away. There really was no world without drugs. Amphetamines have kind of always been there. Uh, earliest races had some kind of chemical enhancement. There is no putting this toothpaste back in the tube. your favorite sports are filled to the brim with guys on peptides, pharmaceutical grade testosterone, uh, you know, replacement therapy or, you know, even more than that. &gt;&gt; And I don't think Luke has said anything here that is super crazy or anything. It's like cheating on a test in high school or even college level. Every person, you know, has figured out a way around it. Even though I know especially at the university level, people were getting expelled for plagiarism and people were still doing it. Imagine how much harder it is to stop something like this when there is millions of dollars on the line for a title fight or something like that. But when it comes back to the titular question, did Luke think peeds could solve for heavyweights in the UFC? I would not necessarily be in favor of lax peed regulation in the form of just for a division's sake. Uh I don't think that's a good idea. The the exceptionalism that that calls for doesn't make sense once you once you decide to allow it reasons why you're you can say it's for divisional improvement but that would be true of any division. And you can say, well, it might be more dire than need, but that doesn't that doesn't I mean, what what how dire does the need need to be before you're making like rules for a single division? I don't I wouldn't be in favor of that. I think the thing that people need to wrap their heads around is, you know, listen, the reality the true reality is to really fix heavyweight, which is not exclusively a UFC problem, and I'm your channel has explored this. I know it's it's it's a global problem. This is a global problem that we're having now. And certain places have always been, you know, relatively weak in that regard. Japan's never going to be a great heavyweight factory, but the problem is the USA is not a great heavyweight factory right now. Brazil is not a great heavyweight factory, and that is unusual. So, I certainly grant that there is an obvious problem that we've observed and that uh it might take some extra critical thinking about how to fix that for heavyweight. And so then, if steroids aren't what really can solve the heavyweight problem in MMA, what exactly can? &gt;&gt; The true fix, and I do mean this quite sincerely, the true fix to heavyweight is you simply have to recruit or find or discover or tempt a higher crop. And to be fair, there are currently some top guys that might be able to help us out with this, like Mario Pinto, somebody I'm really hyped about, or Gable Stevenson, who the rest of the world is hyped about. Hopefully, he's in the UFC soon. But there are two solutions that stand out to me as addressing the root of the issue for heavyweights as we know it right now in the UFC. And for one, no one seems to be producing great heavyweights anymore sportwide. That's an issue because since the fall of Pride, that's been the UFC's primary method of gaining new heavyweights, getting them from other organizations who are their major competitors. And yes, that's right. The UFC's competitors have done most of the recruiting worldwide for the UFC's top heavyweights because they ended up scooping them up later after acquiring their promotion or they just left and signed with UFC. And yeah, that's kind of a problem in 2026. I've went ahead and done an analysis of the last 13 years of the UFC's top rankings for heavyweight and nearly everybody in their top 15 has come from their competitors first. If you go back to 2013, which was the first year the UFC had rankings of the top 10, which was all they tracked in February of 2013, only two of their top 10 heavyweights didn't come from a major competitor. So that's nine of 11 when you count the champion cuz he's technically plus one. That's 81% of their heavyweights being from Strikeforce, Pride, Elite XC,FL, etc. Somebody had already recruited these heavyweights. The UFC just scooped them up after that. And for a more applesto apples comparison, the following year, the UFC introduced their top 15s instead of just top 10 rankings. And it was now 11 heavyweights out of their 16 when you count the champion that were coming from their competitors or 68.75% meaning more than 2/3 of UFC heavyweights came from their big rivals. They were not recruited by the UFC themselves. And this number was consistent all the way from 2014 to 2018. 11 of the 16 were from the UFC's competitors. But once we hit 2018, this number started to drastically reduce. 50% then 37.5% in 2018 and reaching an all-time low in 2025 when just two of the UFC's top 15 came from a rival organization 12.5%. And don't get me wrong, correlation does not imply causation. Which is to say numbers looking like they line up doesn't always mean something. As autism has been going up since the '90s, so has organic food sales. But I'll be damned if this doesn't track exactly with the UFC's heavyweight division looking extremely thin. The UFC is on top to such a degree that they simply aren't getting these heavyweights from other organizations. There's only basically a couple out there right now and they're not as successful as their old rivals used to be. Which means the UFC's competitors are less successful than they've ever been. And so their ability to create top tier talent that the UFC can then acquire later on, well, yeah, that shows and that is of course seen to this day. It's gone up a little bit since last year from that 12.5 to 25% of the UFC's heavyweights being from other organizations. Virtually all of that is from PFL because they're basically the only other organization out there. I mean, I'd love to see Malakin and Rugrug come over, but you know, I don't think one's going to let them go anytime soon. So, who the new guys are are Waldo Cortez Aosta who got found first by Bellator in 2021, Dante Dia from PFL, and Rizvon Kunv, who is now sitting at number six in the division. And what I'm pointing out here is that the UFC themselves, well, they don't really recruit like at all. Over the past few decades that Zufa has been in charge and now TKO, they have pretty much just relied on top level heavyweights being recruited by somebody else and slowly bringing them over to the UFC. Regional level fighters have always made it to the UFC as well. Stipe just fought on the Ohio circuit. So did Enanu in France or Aspenol coming through one of the UFC's feeder leagues with Cage Warriors where their stated goal is to create the next stars in the UFC. So that's certainly one of the UFC's pipelines. Like I said, but at the end of the day, it's waiting for the next generation of talent to appear at their doorstep one day. Somebody else discovers them, puts them through the regional circuit, or the UFC's competitors, and the UFC just comes and grabs them at the end of that process. That has worked in the past, but now that the UFC doesn't have that many major competitors, well, that's kind of stopped. Dana White's Contender Series is going into its 10th season and nearly ninth year since 2017. I think it's pretty clear that the show itself isn't working as well as how they found most of their top 15 talents historically. But everything I've talked about here is different from actual recruitment. All major sports do this. They have scouts that go to games or even find athletes who aren't currently in their sport and try to get them at a developmental level. 21-year-old Australian ex rugby league player Jordan Matta. &gt;&gt; Football was very limited. um only exposed to it like a few times whenever there was a Super Bowl. &gt;&gt; He'd literally never played a game of football. Eagles drafted him after he wowed scouts that watched him work out with the other players at the end of their 10 weeks training in the program. Doesn't always work out, but that's recruitment in anything. A job, not just sports. The UFC could be showing up to universities, signing athletes to developmental contracts, paying them a stipen to live on and develop their craft. But no, they are simply choosing to wait for heavyweights to magically appear. Even Strikeforce had its challenger series that discovered Daniel Cormier. He hadn't even fought in MMA yet. Tyron Woodley, Ronda Rousey, and Luke Rockold. Even Michael Chandler fought there before he went to Bellator in only his second MMA fight. I think it's pretty hard to argue with the success of these programs. They literally found some of the best fighters of all time. But of course, there are a ton of other factors that play into all this. fighters that do have better money options or just aren't as enticed by the prospect of fighting for a living. Either way, that's what the recruitment process is for. Finding those candidates who are interested and think they can go far. Plenty of these athletes just want to stick to sports and don't want to have to get a normal job like the rest of us. And a lot of those guys that are runners up or didn't quite win or maybe did win but aren't going for the Olympics are hitting a dead end, especially in sports like wrestling. I mean, what did The Rock do before he went to pro wrestling? He went to the Canadian Football League. And unlike The Rock, most guys after football don't have an entire family in the pro wrestling industry with direct connections to Vince McMahon back in the day. It's just not an avenue for most athletes once the end of their career hits. They'd love to be able to sign some sort of developmental deal to stick into athletic endeavors. But there's also a second thing here that I think is a major problem and could solve some of these issues. A lot of the best athletes simply are being blocked from the UFC these days. And well, I've got a bit of a theory on this. Look at all the great heavyweights. You know, the ones in goat contention, Kane, Stipe, Fedor, Couture, or even guys like Big Nog and Verdoom. Do you guys see a pattern here? Hell, almost every division in the UFC shares these same traits of almost all these goat level champions. Only really middleweight and featherweight are going to be exceptions for this list of divisional goat contenders. And what is the thing they all seem to share? They are all nearly something pretty unpopular these days. Wrestlers and grapplers. And you know, I could do this, like I said, for nearly every division. Light heavyweights goats are Jon Jones, DC, Tito, Couture. Hell, even Chuck Liddell was a wrestler. Herrera, Shogun, and Vanderlay are going to be the exception in that weight class and honestly our stretches to consider them the literal greatest ever. And the same could be said for welterweights goats with GSP, Hughes, Usman, Woodley. They're all wrestlers lightweight with Hhabib, Islam, Edgar, or even BJ Penn who was called the prodigy because of his jiu-jitsu background. 135 is going to be Cruz, TJ, Morav again, all wrestlers. Jan's going to be on his way soon, too, at the pace he's at, but that's the exception so far. At 125 lbs, Demetrius Johnson was a wrestler first, so Hudo obviously was too. Or how about Pantoia, a BJJ guy? Mareno and Figgy get their love, too, but aren't really in the running for the goat talk alongside, especially DJ and Pantoia as well. Like I said, middleweight and featherweight seem to be the exception though with Anderson and Izzy topping out 185 and Weidman being kind of the only wrestler there. And of course, the holy triad of 145 lbs has definitely been Vulk, Holloway, and Aldo. Although, it's noteworthy Ilia is a grappler first with BJJ being his original calling card. But it's fair to say he didn't really have an extended reign like the rest of the GOAT contenders in the weight class. So, it's definitely strikers there and middleweight. But for the rest of all the other divisions, it's wrestlers and grapplers that I've mentioned. And furthermore, which of those would you really even consider boring? Sure, people like Woodley definitely were, but then think of guys like Uzman, who did start out boring and became kind of a KO artist by the end of his title run. GSP didn't have that many bangers as well in his welterweight run, but he's literally considered the GOAT period of all weight classes by more people than ever these days. And even then, he was a huge star. So, it's not like it had a devastating impact on how beloved he is. And he focused on wrestling the vast majority of his title defenses. And so, what's my theory to go along with all these wrestlers and why classes, especially like heavyweight, are being affected? Well, that's down to four words. Dana White's Contender Series. When the show first started out, it was pretty much in a category like tough or even Dana White's looking for a fight. It wasn't really producing the majority of signings in the promotion. in that first season with eight episodes. They only signed a grand total of 16 fighters for that whole season. By the way, the cards have always had a standard of five matchups on it. So, that hasn't changed. The only thing that has changed is they're now 10 episodes long instead of eight. So, with only two more episodes, guess how many people they have signed this year through Dana White's Contender Series? 46. Nearly tripling what the show initially signed its first season with that 16. And that's not counting short notice call-ups to the UFC from guys then that didn't get signed to the show. &gt;&gt; Holland. So I don't know for those of you that don't know the story. He was on the Contender Series. This guy comes in and and is talking the entire fight. So I said I'm I'm not signing this guy. Thiago Santos's fight falls out. I said call Big Mouth. I want to see if Big Mouth takes this fight. It's to the point where they've stopped even highlighting on their website who's from the show or not. You know, remember when they used to gray them out on the cards to show it was a guy from Dana White's Contender Series? Well, there's no point even doing that now. These days, you're pretty much the exception if you get to sign to the UFC without the Contender Series. Almost the entire new rosters recruits come through that show now. It used to be the other way around. You came direct from another promotion. And of course, what is the singular thing the show tends to highlight? Wow. moment finishes. And yeah, everybody loves a spectacular finish. Obviously, I'm included in that. Why not, right? But naturally, this does mean that most decision winners on Dana White's highlight show aren't going to make the cut. Again, fair enough. This is an entertainment business. Sport is not the only concern. I get it. But wait a second. Dan Henderson for years was literally called Decision Dan Henderson. He hadn't discovered his knockout power until well into his career. and it slowly developed as he continued to win over the years. And that was way past the point of where he would have been getting a call to come up to the Contender Series. If he were starting out in modern times, I don't think he'd get signed. Khabib and Islam had very slow starts before their finishes became the norm for them. Khabib had like three decisions in a row in his early career. Usman, like I mentioned, had an incredibly slow start. Most of DC's early fights in Strike Force were decisions and so were his first two fights in the UFC. Cejudo was a decisionator all the way up until his first title challenge and devastating loss with Demetrius Johnson. But right after that, he became pretty much a prolific finisher from then on out. I can really keep going here with wrestlers turns great finishers. And don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to say all wrestlers become these incredible finishers. But it's not a coincidence that nearly all the goat contenders for every single weight class with the exception of middleweight and featherweight tend to be wrestlers. And again, nearly all these GOAT contenders are not considered boring. And that is my point. If you go back to those early fights for these GOAT level fighters, do you really think these guys would be getting signed on Dana White's Contender Series? I don't need to tell you no in most if not all of these cases. And you can imagine a lot of these guys that don't get signed to the UFC just don't ever bother coming back again. People don't make money even in the UFC, let alone outside of it. And when the sport doesn't seem to want them and it's creating an impact for people to even try MMA these days, it's like, "Oh yeah, let me be broke for a few years and try this really risky path where I'm continually being told my style isn't wanted." And that's the environment we've been in for the last 9 years. Dana has pretty much made it his namesake show's brand to turn away wrestling focused fighters. And I think it's had a large impact on heavyweights. The heavyweight division used to be littered with exciting heavyweight wrestlers. So, when it boils down to it, that's my whole point, guys. I think it's these two factors that I think are solvable problems. The UFC simply can't sit on their hands anymore and wait for top level heavyweights to magically appear. They need to go to these athletes and recruit. Again, most collegiate wrestlers don't make a dime off of what they do. A lot of the guys that don't make it into the NFL don't have another path for their athletic endeavors outside of the Canadian Football League or indoor leagues. A lot of these dudes would take up the UFC on an offer like this. And if they're so worried about these guys being boring or whatever it is, have them focus on striking. They need to realize that wrestlers are not the enemy. Traditionally, they've been the best part of the sport. Literally, I fully get the entertainment side of it, and it means going through some growing pains early on, and even then, plenty of grapplers do get through the ranks with very little striking. So, there is that side of it. But, it doesn't mean you should throw out the baby with the bathwater. Right now, I think these two things are having an obvious negative effect when wrestling heavyweights basically aren't even in the UFC right now beyond who. Curtis Blades in the top 15 actually. Yeah, he's the only one. And that's my two cents, guys. Steroids is definitely not the fix. I don't think we need to throw out any kind of fairness. It's much more practical stuff. And real quick, guys, a shout out to Max Randall and Luke Taylor who both helped me edit this video. A full-on team effort is what we had on this one. So, thanks a bunch to them. I've got links to their individual YouTube channels below. Be sure to check them out. And of course, Luke Thomas, who absolutely killed it in the interview. I've got the whole thing online as well under the members section if you guys want to watch that whole thing. It's about a 40-minute long interview. So, uh, check it out and I'll see you guys on the next video. Peace.