Kind: captions Language: en So yeah, what has the UFC heavyweight division absolutely been begging for out of the last few years? Any sort of heavyweight prospect they can get their hands on? Look no further than Mario Pinto. And if you ask me, he certainly looks like the future of the division. And I think he'll rise up incredibly quickly because this guy has it all in MMA. Smart and skillful striking with knockout ability, smothering ground game techniques with plenty of submissions. He's undefeated. He's trained with Tom Asol at the elite stable of heavyweights that they've amassed around his gym. I mean, think about it. Recently, they had Rico Verhovven, the glory kickboxing world heavyweight champion, working extensively with that camp. The heavyweight champion from KSW filled the Freeze. Dante Dia, who was the former PFL champion who's now started in the UFC. I mean, it's just completely unique having this many world champion heavyweights training together from multiple disciplines. And Mario Pinto has spent a ton of time around Aspenol BJJ and their surrounding gyms. Mix that with his own home base in London with guys like Steuart Austin at Fight Zone and the guy is getting some super diverse training. Pinto himself was a champion in the Netherlandbased promotion levels fight league where he won their title and defended it twice before getting picked up on the Contender [music] Series. And he's only proven the point further with a beautiful left hook finish over Lucas Kamacho that looked effortless and an out cold stunning finish of Austin Lane for his first fight in the UFC and most recently a completely dominant finish of Jonado Denise where he showed off his highlevel ground offense to get the stoppage. It's honestly hard for me to imagine him not getting into title contention with there just being a few more wins seeing as there's only 30 heavyweights in the whole division right now. Actually, I think Tom Aspenol has told him to slow down because they'll want to fast track him. He's not yet booked this year, but I wouldn't be surprised at all if we see him, of course, on that London card in March. But really, just ask yourself the last time you saw a heavyweight this well-rounded who looks this good in the division since Tom Aspenol. If you ask me, he's pretty much the only guy. Hopefully, their training history doesn't mean any snags like Asenol refusing to fight a Dia. Anyhow, I believe Mario Pinto will climb the ranks super fast and be the name people are talking about as a title challenger possibly [music] by the end of this