Kind: captions Language: en [Music] We all felt it, right? You know what I'm talking about. You've known what I'm talking about for five years now. That that was inevitable, right? Now, maybe not the outcome last night specifically, but it really seemed like it was only a matter of time before Hamzach was middleweight champion. And time is the only enemy that has ever really given the Chchin Wolf any trouble. When we have to look at the Burns and Usman fights to find any level of weakness, we are setting a pretty high bar for the word weakness. It's insane to think that in 2020, Hamzot was on a path that would have led to one of the quickest earned UFC title fights in history in a completely different division, no less. And yet, it took him until last night to finally get to gold. So, how in the hell did someone who seemed so inevitably like he would be a champion take five whole years to get there? Nothing to do with anything that happened in the cage itself. Not a soul knew this dude before his debut victory in July 2020. And 10 days later when he fought again in a different division and smashed another opponent, the momentum was so great that Dana double booked Tomza. Remember that he was scheduled to fight GM3 who he also smashed and White already had Damen Mia lined up. The fight fell apart, but it shows you how over the course of a summer this guy became the hottest prospect we'd seen since BJ Penn's first year probably. Like people were saying because he hopped divisions that he could end up being a double champ. Who talks about that after a guy has beat three people that really would normally not indicate you're ready for gold, let alone two belts. In late 2020, he was supposed to fight Leon Edwards and probably would have gotten a welterweight title shot for beating him again. This dude was entirely unknown 5 months earlier. It was insane, but it didn't feel insane. It felt inevitable. It felt like last night all the way back then. But then things started getting complicated. Co wrecked this dude so badly that he had a retirement scare. It would take more than a year to recover, but he finally came back, bulldozed Leech UD Burns, then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around and lost all the goodwill he'd built, weighing in at roughly 300 lb for that welterweight Nate Diaz fight. Luckily, the UFC didn't allow it to happen and he demolished Kevin Holland instead. I'm sorry, Kevin, but sacrifices had to be made. So then it was like, "Okay, you're done at welterweight. You wait, misser." But we wouldn't see his move up to middleweight for over a year because again, more complications. The dude's biggest supporter happened to be on one too many human rights violation watch lists. And so entering the US was not happening. That gave us the Abu Dhabi years as a workaround. How many fights in those two years? Two fights. Just two. Usman and Whitaker. UFC doesn't go to Abu Dhabi as much as they did during the Pandy. Not to mention the fight with Bobby got delayed 4 months because Hamzach got sick again. All these delays and yet he overcame both former champs absolutely smashed Whitaker and through some dual citizenship and political maneuvering he managed to get the whole can't fight where the UFC is based and has most of their shows thing all sorted finally which led us to last night. But realistically Hamzot had a very real chance to be fighting for UFC gold in early 2021. And all that momentum we saw that unstoppable machine the promise of his 2020 finally came through in the most dominant fashion possible. And of course just when I finally decided you know what I have doubted Duplexi too much. I'm never going to doubt him again. He gets completely outdone in a fashion that we've rarely seen in the UFC period, let alone from a challenger in a title fight. I mean I don't even think I've ever seen an MMA fight period where someone gets caught in a crucifix three times. And as great as DDP has been as a champion, what happened last night didn't even feel wrong. It's how inevitable Hamzot felt. Now, sure, I thought DDP would hit a few diamond cutters, maybe catch Chamay with something, but the fact that he got completely dominated didn't feel at all out of place because that's how things have felt like they would go for someone like Hamzach. Chamay took the title in exactly the way everybody imagined when he first got hot. The inevitability prophecy has been fulfilled. And now that we're here, now that he's taken the hottest guy in the division for the last 2 years and utterly neutralized him, I think it very much feels like this guy is going to be inevitably champ for a long time. Now, I don't want to machete error myself here. And does a sustained reign feel as inevitable as him winning the gold? Certainly not. We've seen it time and time again in this sport. And hell, it just takes one bad fight to lose your title. But after that performance, it feels like Derritter, Ohio, Immav, and whoever else makes their way up the ladder to challenge him better come with something special because it's going to take something special to stop this dude. And as DC so perfectly put it, every one of them needs to get their wrestling shoes on right now and get to work. Speaking of challengers though, Leone Murphy versus Alexander Vulcganowski. Pump that one directly into my veins, please. I do not care if I can't pass the post-fight test afterwards. Unbeaten, Eay Emmett, and now the debuting Aaron Pico with one of the nastiest spinning back elbows I have ever seen backto back to back. I hate to say this, but this was the worst possible outcome for Eiveoya. Murphy smashing the guy you were supposed to fight. Dude, good luck. The UFC doesn't care about who's do what, what the rankings say. It's all vibes. And I'm sorry, the vibes right now have me insanely hyped for a Murphy title shot. Don't get me wrong, if Vog were able to beat either one of these guys, what a crazy addition to his already top tier all-time legacy. But this sport is very much what have you done for me lately? And Iv hasn't fought in 2025. But Lone just gave us one of the greatest featherweight KOs of all time against another dude who feels inevitable in Pico. So yeah, sorry. Book it. Book it now. And even though those were the really big moments on the night, at least in terms of future title fights, the card was insanely good. So, let's take a moment to honor it by running through the stats on this sucker and passing out some muchdeserved awards to a few fighters. By the way, each of those awards comes with 50K well-wishes. So, congrats to those guys. All right, the UFC's first trip to the Windy City since 2019 saw 12 fights with four KO TKOs's, three subs, five decisions, or a total cage time of 2 hours, 6 minutes, and 5 seconds. Seven favorites, one as you would think. But look at the dogs getting five wins. Not too shabby, I'd say. If you had upset Timmy Elliot subbing Acakura in the second round, then you had yourself a plus 2500 outcome. I mean, the guy nearly got Mighty Mouse, too. Early sub is a great Elliot bet. Tim mentioned after the fight that he can take them in the face, and he's absolutely right about that. Elliot has never been knocked out in the UFC, never knocked down, and has been hit with 674 significant strikes. That is the fifth most all time absorbed at 125. We got some classic Michael Paige for the first two rounds of his win over Jared Canineer. Held Jared to 29% significant strikes landed a 21% drop on Cantoner's average by a huge margin. MVP's most elusive UFC performance, earning him our Vintage Venom Award. All Carlos Protest does is smoke, party, and win 50 G's. That is now five performance bonuses, one for every UFC victory he has. That was the ninth spinning back elbow knockout in UFC history. The 10th would come in the very next fight. Of course, Murphy scored his third UFC finish, ninth UFC win in a row, unbeaten in 18 fights. He got 50 G's, too. Him and Carlos are getting our spinning back awesome award. The main event stats are grim. DDP threw 29 significant strikes and only landed 13. Hamzad had 12 takedowns and nearly 22 minutes of control time in a 25-minute fight. And honestly, it felt like more than that somehow. She may have landed an utterly insane 529 total strikes. One of the most dominant title fight victories in the history of the sport. Going to be sitting in the record books for a long, long time. And that was everything from Shytown fight fans. A massive thank you to Autopsy partner in crime, Max Randall. The man speedforce edits these, so you get them early on your Sunday after the card. Show him some love on his socials and go check out his fantastic YouTube channel. Big ups to our channel members. You guys are the real Michael Venom pages. If you want to be a member, too, hit the join button. It is pretty neat. Like and subscribe because we do these after every pay-per-view, even when they become free next year. Leave all your 319 comments in the comments. And have a great day. Go for a walk. You won't regret it. See you guys. [Music]