Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] [Music] last. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] You know what I mean? I'm about to prove them all wrong again. I got a little me. You waiting on a boy to fail. I hold your breath and face your death cuz you like a roulette. With each step I progress no less. Go ahead and place your bet. Cuz we know where we at. We know we all hate that you bring we know it stops there like a rocket stop here. Growing up back in the day there were tons of superheroes to watch on TV. The Spider-Man show was top-notch. X-Men was also pretty fantastic. Can't forget about those Ninja Turtles. And then to a lot of the audience, the likes of Stone Cold in the WWE were basically superheroes as well. But over in Japan, they didn't just have cartoons on TV. After the success of Pride, MMA stayed for many years part of the mainstream culture. Thousands of fans would tune into national television and watch these incredible fighters do battle, and one man's chaotic streak of knockouts, flashy techniques, and undeniable star power turned him, in many fans eyes, into a real life superhero. Devastating finishing streaks, disowned by his family, run-ins and clashes with the Yakuza, and the fastest knockout ever in MMA history. The career of Killer B is filled with some of the greatest highs and lows in the sport. This is a story of Ky Yamamoto, Japan's real life [Music] superhero. Being born into a family legacy can often go one of two ways. Some children take after their parents and under the immense pressure and expectations of society, they are able to harness all their upbringing and genetic advantages and follow in those same footsteps. Maybe even achieving things greater than their father. Floyd Mayweather for good example. But for so many others, being born into a life of expectation, especially the dedication and commitment that is required to be a professional athlete, well, it can kind of be a bit of a prison. Kid Yamamoto was born into these exact circumstances. His father, Iku Yamamoto, was a Japanese wrestler who competed in the 1972 Olympic Games. After that, he went to work as a professor at the Nippon University of Sports Science, and he had three children, Miyu, Psycho, and Nori Fumi, the youngest who would forever be known as Kid. Now, all three were expected to follow in their father's footsteps. There was only one goal from the time they started training to become the Olympic champion. And Kid's father wasn't messing around either. They were all going to get the best training. By the age of 13, his sisters were already winning Japan's women's championships. His sister Mu wanted to compete at the World Championships, but couldn't because she was 16. So, she went back the next year at 17 and became the youngest wrestling champion in history. Every time in the news or in TV, it was always about the sisters. The sisters, the sisters, you nobody heard of Kid at all. This is the kind of family tree we are dealing with here. Okay? So, it's no surprise that when Kid was old enough, he was sent to high school in Arizona in 1992 just so he could take part in their wrestling program. For those three years, he worked with guys like Frank Trigg and Townsen Saunders. He took third place his first year and then went on to win three state championships in freestyle. So a pretty impressive 112 wins to just four losses. When he returned to Japan, he started taking law at Yamanashi Gakuan University where he of course also continued wrestling and became the Japanese collegiate national champion. And after finishing second in the all Japan Emperor's Cup, he was given a chance to get into the 2000 Olympics. Everything for Kid pretty much up until this point had gone to plan. I don't know if he wanted to go to the US, but he did it. But the story of Kid Yamamoto is full of pitfalls and sharp turns. And just as he was about to follow his father's dreams, one incident changed the entire course of his life. He actually had a Yakuza problem in the university he was at. He was around the town playing around with a airsoft gun. He apparently was fooling around in the town shooting his friends and he shot a Yakuza guy in the face. Definitely a crazy situation to find yourself in. And knowing how scary the Yakuza are, kid had no choice but to run and hide where the guy went to the school. He went to his apartment to find them and everything and running down the street because a Yakuza guy came to his apartment and he jumped out the second floor balcony to get away. It was this runin within Yakuza, however, that quickly led to his life as a wrestler falling apart. His university kicked him out of the school. On top of that, when the wrestling association found out about the problem, they put him on a a probation period of a year that he couldn't wrestle. You can only imagine how he felt at this point. Not just about his own life, but what his family and father must have thought of him. All that work, years of training in the US to prepare for the Olympics, and he just jeopardized it all. Kid wasn't sure what to do. He didn't have a lot of choices. But there was one person he turned to, the Japanese Hawaiian legend, Enen Inaway. Inaway was already a veteran of Pride at this point and happened to be dating Kid's sister. and he offered a solution. You know, he came to talk to me. He he can't wrestle. I heard about that problem. So, I actually offered him to come to come to the gym, not quit wrestling, but since he can't wrestle, why don't he just come to the gym and train MMA? With all the wrestling experience behind him, it didn't take long before Kid was competing at the amateur MMA level where he apparently tore through everyone. All of this information from Enson is coming from the MMA history podcast, guys. He recounts a lot of his own experiences with Yamamoto, and we're pulling some of his quotes for this video. We'll definitely leave a link down below to the whole thing though. Here comes one of the first great tragedies in Yamamoto's career. Despite now finding a new sport to pursue and one that actually he was good at, he got zero support from his father. So the dad wanted him to return back to wrestling and he didn't want to. The sisters always supported him. Uh the father never did. The father was pissed off that he didn't come back to wrestling. The dad wanted me to make him quit fighting. He looked at me and said, "I don't want to do that. I want to I want to fight. If you're not wholeheartedly into wrestling, you're not going to be able to get ready for the Olympic level. The father 100% cut him off. No financial aid, nothing. Now, as the story goes, Enway also wanted to make sure Kid was 100% dedicated before he would allow him to continue to train at his gym. I didn't want to waste my time also, so I took him into the gym the next day and uh I I did a body little sparring with him and pretty much beat him up real bad to a point where his face was pretty swollen, his eyes were shot. I waited for the next day. When he when he came the next day and I told him, uh, training at 600, he said, "Shoot, let's go." When he was willing to come back to the gym the next day, I thought, "Ah, this guy I I'm not going to be wasting my time with this guy." And that's when I we started going full on with it. Kid Yamamoto started competing in Shuto, one of the best promotions in Japan and at the time had some of the best lighter fighters in the world. His first performance ended with a decision win, but he was back months later and already feeling more confident. He was wild, but what would become his signature, his heavy hands made their debut. He was immediately on everyone's radar at Shuto coming forward with a ruthless aggression. [Music] I was taking uh kid to Thailand a lot. He was moving with me every day. And the the thing with kid was amazing was he picked up stuff really fast. [Applause] [Music] Kid wasn't just beating people, he was trying to hurt them as much as possible with insane power. Something kind of unexpected happened next. At 3 and 0, he halted his shutoto run to fly out to Hawaii to take on a future champion, Josh Thompson. [Music] Despite being a smaller man, kids wrestling was on display again. But unfortunately, something he hadn't quite learned yet was how to pace himself. Kid has a problem with stamina. He explodes so much that he gets tired even in his wrestling. And in this fight against Josh, Kidd took a nasty groin kick in the second round. I looked at him and I said, "How you feeling?" He goes, "I'm okay." I said, "Is your stamina blown?" He said, "Yes. If you don't want to continue, then just the groin shots enough." He was outclassed. Joshua's a better fighter. It went down as a no contest, but would be a learning lesson for Kid, who as dangerous and explosive as he might be, could not keep that pace up for a whole fight. But it seemed the bad luck followed Yamamoto home, along with proof that anything can happen in an MMA fight. His return to Shuto would last just 30 seconds, but it didn't go kids way at all. [Applause] [Music] Now, this isn't the first time we'd seen a cut add an L to the record of some of the sport's greatest. In fair play to Steven Polling, it was a welltimed knee. Japan did not like cuts, and this was pretty bad. When he came to the corner, looked at the gash, he could see his skull. At featherweight 65 kg, which is about 143 lbs, Yamamoto continued to rack up some absolutely devastating finishes in the rest of his Shuto career. This man was just lethal. And again, these weren't just fights for him. He was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trying to hurt people. [Applause] Story goes that the ending to this fight caused a melee outside the ring and Kid was getting a reputation as a bad boy inside and outside. By the end of 2003, Kid was 61 and1 with several devastating knockouts to his name and a reputation already surrounding him. K1 picked up the phone in 2004 and Kid, not scared of a challenge, joined the lightweight tournament. He said that's that's his dream. K1 was the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There was no pride. K1 was the show to be in. $30,000 a fight for four fights a year. I played that. H I don't know. I'm not sure. Inside I'm like, "Holy shit." So I said, "Ah, let me think about it." He said, "How about 50,000?" It didn't matter to kid, though. Apparently, he told Enson he would have fought for free just to be in a K1 ring. His debut came in February 2004, and his first fight would be part of the K1 World Tournament. [Applause] Kid was just playing around being his usual self. I think he even teaags this guy at one point. The debut was going [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] incredibly Sure. Kid will actually be too tired to continue in this tournament, but he definitely made a statement with the K1 debut and proved the wrestler could hang with the top kickboxers as well. Oh, and apparently he pulled a Nick Diaz in this fight also. He failed his drug test for marijuana. What I did was I made a phone call to Kwan, let him know in a real straightup way that I would really be unhappy if he made that positive test public. April came around though and another tournament was getting started, this time in MMA. And an event that would truly launch Yamamoto into superstardom. There were still some doubts about his ability to compete at the top level with some of the best grapplers in the world. And it's pretty interesting what happened next. The first guy he would be fighting was an American, the Nunchuk Master. This guy, he was build as being the US Bruce Lee and could throw a 10 punch back fist combo if he wanted. K1 was a massive deal though and they had some of the best lightweights in the world at the time. They even had BJ Penn handing out the flowers. The pop for this kid in his K1 MMA debut was [Applause] insane. Wait about 20 seconds before he took him down and immediately went to his back and for the first time ever picked up a submission win. Everyone went crazy. The debut couldn't have gone any better, but two months later, he was about to face a dangerous K-1 striker in the finals. I knew that Kid could not beat Yasihiro in a K1 match. I actually even was able to talk to the K1 guy, Tanigawa, and change the rules for Kid. One round kickboxing and second round they put on MMA guns and fight MMA. At this point, K1 had only been doing kickboxing. They'd only just started to showcase some of the best of MMA as well. So, this blending of rule sets actually wasn't as crazy as it sounds. This was a massive event. [Applause] kid ended up on the canvas. People at cage side were actually looking a little concerned. This was a K1 lightweight fight at 70 kg, so about 154 lbs. And the size was starting to show. It has been a tough first round for kids. [Applause] Chuck in a guillotine in just the first 20 seconds was not where Kid wanted to be. And this thing was incredibly tight. But forever undersized and forever feeling like the underdog, the killer came out once again. and then he did the unthinkable despite what everyone had thought. He pulled off the submission. His next performance though tipped him over the edge into true superstardom. Kin wasn't like super huge yet. He was he was a buzz. Now the fight that actually took him into that status of a superstar was when he beat Naranto the Mongolian fighter. Tunga as he was called was a deadly kickboxer much bigger than Kid and would go on to be a one champion many years later. Kid was smaller but way faster and was countering perfectly. And of course he still had thunder in his hands. He's going to come out. [Music] When he became a star, guess who comes back into the picture? His father. When he got very famous and the father saw money, the father wanted to come back and start taking over. The same man that had disowned him and left him having to rely on Enson was now coming back into his life after the kid had found success in the very thing his father had forbidden and abandoned him for doing. And now his dad wanted to change everything. you know, me, Kieran, and Kid, we had an agreement, and the father wanted to break the contract, and because he was a star at the time, unfortunately, kid didn't have the, I don't know, the the heart enough to tell his dad to, "Hey, step back, man. I'm not going to backstab Enson." And he decided to go with his father and that's when I stepped away. Enson was now out of the picture and his dad took over negotiations. He wanted kids to make as much money as possible. And so he took the biggest fight he could, quite possibly the biggest fight in Japan, $2 million to fight Msato, a multipletime K1 champion, the best in Japan, and it was going to happen on the biggest show of the year. Where his dad saw endorsements and sponsorships, Enson though saw a dangerous opponent, but he also fell out with kids over a dispute over payments and what he was entitled to. He didn't corner for Msato. He would in fact never corner kid again. 52,000 people filtered into the Asaka Dome. Out of all the stack fights in the 2004 New Year's Eve show, Masato versus Kid was the only Japan versus Japan fight. And as the two men faced off, the tension was incredible. And in the first minute, the undersized kid once again shocked the world. Mato fired back. Their fight absolutely stole the show and they brought the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] house down. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] This lady just screaming over the commentary sells it for me. It was everything the Japanese fans had hoped it would be. Once again, Kid had shown it didn't matter how big they were, he could knock them down, showing the Bashidto spirit, facing certain defeat or death with bravery and honor. But ultimately, he lost a decision. He was now though a national superstar. The fight had aired on the TBS network in Japan, a public station, which meant it got a 31% rating. So basically, 34 out of 127 million people tuned in to watch it. It was the start of Kids transformation from a street brawler wrestler into a national television superhero. And where did you watch Heroes on television in Japan? [Music] Wow, hero FEG, the fighting entertainment group in Japan who were behind K1 decided they wanted to do something entirely new just for MMA only. Going into 2005, it was no secret that Pride was dominating the heavier weight classes. But the market for the lighter guys was wide open and now you had this national superstar in Kid Yamamoto. The heroes promotion was created and Yamamoto is likely the reason it had a lightweight division in the first place. Not only that, it was a direct answer to Pride and their headliners because at the first hero show, he was the main event, one of the first times in MMA history where the lighterweights were being given that spotlight. Kid picked up another knockout, but again was about to do something spectacular. Just a few months later, Heroes continued the tournament format from K1 with a whole bunch of the greatest lightweight fighters on the planet and they organized a Grand Prix. Alongside Kid was the likes of Ha Gracie, Carl Uno, and Genki Sudo. And Kid ran through all of them. All of this was being broadcast for free on national TV where millions of fans were watching the ruthless rebel kid lay into men way bigger than him like some kind of superhero. [Applause] The tournament was a massive success and again in the finals, Kid would be fighting another Japanese legend on New Year's Eve, just like the year before. This time, Genki Sudo, another legend whose six win streak included victories in K1 against Butterbean and Mike Brown in the UFC. They were calling this the middleweight championship, but it was fought basically at 155 lbs. Still higher than Kid probably even walked around that. Once again on New Year's Eve, Kid did not disappoint. [Music] again against the bigger man. He still had the power. [Applause] He'd won the Heroes World Championship and in 2005 he could have been considered one of the best lightweights in the world. Takeni had the title in pride and sadly these two never fought. And even though BJ was fighting in Japan at the time and in the same promotion as Kid, BJ just wasn't making the weight at that point in his career, which is a shame because imagine that fight. BJ Penn versus Kid Yamamoto. Worldwide though, Kid was a superstar and one of the most lethal men pound-for-pound on the planet. And in his next fight, he 100% proved it. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] 4 seconds. Are you kidding me? Kid Yamamoto in that moment might have been the baddest man on the planet. Give him a BMF title. Horge Mazdor, eat your heart out. This is what the Killer B Yamamoto was all about. It was described by journalist Mike Chipeta as savage sorcery and I can only agree. It was at the time the fastest knockout in MMA history. One month after this happens, Takenor Goi also loses for the first time in Pride in a non-title fight. And so, yeah, Yamamoto, he was considered by many perhaps the best lightweight on the planet right now. After that win, however, Kid was able to start dropping down weight classes. At 145 in K1, he melted an Olympic champion before fighting and beating another future 1FC champion, Bibiano Fernandez. This time at a weight of 139 lbs, finally moving closer to a natural weight. Then again, for a fourth year in a row, Kid Yamamoto's crowning achievement came on New Year's Eve once again at K1 Dynamite in front of 50,000 fans. Live to tens of millions on national TV in the co-main event under Sakuraba himself. Kid was in another bantamweight fight against Honey Yaya. And he put on another masterful performance. He smashed Honey apart with brutal leg kicks before finishing him off to the cheers of thousands. [Applause] That New Year's Eve, Kid Yamamoto was now 171 and one. His only loss being from that cup very early in his career. And on that night, he took off his gloves and retired. A moment in his story that often goes missed when people look back at it. Right then, at the end of 2007, he'd had an incredible career, was basically undefeated, and was one of the biggest stars in Japan. But what happened next again goes back to what I was saying at the start of this video. Kid experienced some incredible highs, but also some of the worst lows the sport can give you. In 2008, Kid decided that he was done with MMA, but wanted to fulfill his father's wishes from birth. He wanted to win gold medals in the Olympics and pursued a spot in the 2008 Beijing wrestling team. He started the day well at the trials, but in the very first minute of the semi-finals, he dislocated his elbow, injuring him for months and immediately killing his Olympic dreams. He was out of training and anything athletic entirely. And then sadly in the same year when he returned to training, he completely ruptured his ACL during a sparring session. Kid decided to return to MMA seeing as his wrestling hopes had died before they even got started. But sadly, Kid Yamamoto never recovered from these injuries. A year and a half since his last win, he returned at Dream 9 in the Fatherweight Grand Prix and just didn't look like himself at all. He lost a split decision to Joe Warren, his first kind of loss ever. And then on the New Year's Eve show, he came up short in another decision loss against Kanahara. By the time Yamamoto made it to the UFC in his mid30s, he was really not the same fighter he'd ever been, winning just one out of his last seven fights with the injuries he felt being the main reason he was just no longer able to perform at his best. What do you think went wrong for you? Like why haven't you been able to to pick up that big win in the UFC thus far? Lack of training because of the injury. That's the only reason I guess. What injury did you sustain? He meets secret. Just who knows how hurt kid was at this point in his career and you can tell he was already getting older at 37. His style didn't really work as well in the much bigger octagon where he couldn't back his opponents up so easily. And ultimately, his last UFC fight ended in a no contest after an eye poke. It was a pretty flat way to end the career of a legendary fighter. Even in that fight, future fighters from his stable and gym killer B were in his corner, the future world champaguchi. Yamamoto's legacy though is really that of bringing more eyes to the lightweight classes at a time where even dudes like BJ Penn weren't competing that light. And kid was going out there guns blazing every time for the kill. It is sadly though that I have to add one more note of tragedy to this story of Yamamoto. He could not continue to share and teach his experiences with the world as just four years after his final UFC fight at the age of 41, he was diagnosed and shortly passed away from cancer. He had decided not really to share it with the community which meant his death came very suddenly and shocking for everyone. His is a true legacy though that deserves to be remembered. If he did all of this today, he would still have been a superstar. Honestly, Kid Yamamoto is one of my favorite fighters of all time. Has to be top five with his Southporn monster style, insane tattoos, and feats of athleticism. Heck, after watching this video, maybe soon he'll be one of your favorite fighters as well. Rest in peace, Yamamoto. I know you are missed by millions of MMA fans all across the [Music] world. All right, that is the story of Kid Yamamoto, one of the coolest fighters of all time. Rest in peace to that man. I want to say a big big thank you first of all as well to the MMA History podcast. Okay guys, go check out their YouTube channel. They did the interview with Enson in a way where he told the story of Kid Yamamoto. Very important in making this video. So go check out the full podcast over there with them as well. I want to say a big thank you as always to the editor of the video, Luke Taylor at Cooltome_Luke. You did a great job once again, mate. Guys, show him some love and support and follow him on social media. Say thank you. If you enjoyed the video, guys, give us a thumbs up and a comment as well. Let us know what you thought of it. I hope you enjoy these essays. I love making them. Appreciate you watching them. Let me know who you want to see next as well. And as always, a big thank you to our Hall of Famers out there as well. All you channel members for subscribing. Thank you very much. Come and join us in the writers meeting which you get access to if you subscribe. It's a weekly live stream and a live chat. You'll love it. Thank you very much, guys. I appreciate you watching and I will see you in the next video. Take care.