Kind: captions Language: en On Saturday nights, we watch our favorite fighters compete. And for us, it's entertainment. But every single fighter that we watch is bringing their whole entire life into the cage each and every time. For them, it's not just entertainment. It's their future, their security, their livelihood. And on top of that, they bring with them anything that's happening in their personal life. Everything that led to them getting into the cage that night. And every once in a while, that inner world, the things we don't see that all of them carry, those raw emotions spill to the surface and hit as hard as any punch or kick ever could. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point, and these are the 10 most emotionally stunning MMA moments. Number 10, Rainman. If there is anybody in MMA history that knows about Perseverance, it is Dominic Cruz. The man has had more career-ending injuries than many fighters have had UFC fights. Cruz would be sidelined for nearly three years during his bantamweight title reign due to a whole host of ACL issues and an eventual groin tear that finally saw him stripped of his title. He was stripped of that title because of inactivity because of a series of ridiculously unfortunate injuries. I've seen some injuries in my life. I've seen some injuries in my calling of UFC fights. I have never seen a guy with more bad luck than Dominic Cruz. His return first round victory over Teao Mizagaki was a massive triumph. &gt;&gt; Welcome back Dominic Cruz in spectacular fashion. But shortly after his other ACL would tear, leaving him sidelined for over a year yet again. So when he returned to face TJ Dillashaw for the title, he'd had a single fight in over four years and countless setbacks. Cruz was also dealing with planer fasciitis going into the bout, but compared to what he dealt with before, that was nothing. It was a close fight, but in the end, Dom would regain the gold he never truly lost after an odyssey that saw far more downs than ups on his way back. When asked to reflect on the journey at the post-fight press conference, Dom had one of the most profound takes on life ever spoken after a cage fight. &gt;&gt; I said this before, when it rains, it pours. Everybody in this world has felt that before. Like feels like you're having a bad day and then you spill coffee on your shirt and then your tire goes flat and then you step out and stub your toe on the curb. It's like everything seems to stack up. That's kind of how I felt this time. So, when it rains, it pours. You got to put a big heavy coat on, put one foot in front of the other, and when the rain stops, everything starts growing. The flowers, the grass. Right here, I'm standing in the grass. I'm standing in the flowers. It's a nice feeling. It's going to rain again. It's a matter of time. So, it's just a a matter of getting through each rainy season and being happy that you did and evolve from it instead of putting your head down through it. &gt;&gt; Is tonight the greatest moment of Dominic Cruz's life? No, &gt;&gt; the greatest moment in my life was realizing that I didn't need a belt to be happy. &gt;&gt; You don't expect that kind of philosophy to come from a man sitting at a particle board table with a black sheet draped over it. Jokes aside, what a beautiful analogy to come up with off the cuff. Number nine, Patty's plea. I don't think that most people would consider Patty Pimpblelet a particularly serious person. His hair is funny, the way he talks is funny, the way he carries himself is funny. He's a pretty goofy character in a generally otherwise pretty serious sport. And by his third fight in the UFC, it seemed like Patty was only ever going to provide light-hearted good times and and a few laughs outside of his actual fights. But that changed very suddenly following his victory over Jordan Levit. Right before weigh-ins, Patty was informed that one of his friends had taken their own life. And as terrible as that is, a lot of fighters have lost loved ones right before a bout. Jon Jones lost his mother. These are unfortunate realities of life. But what makes Patty's situation something I wanted to include is both how unexpectedly emotional the moment was and the message he had to deliver. &gt;&gt; There's a stigma in this world that men can't talk. Listen. If you're a man and you've got weight on your shoulders, please speak to someone. I know I'd rather be mate cry on your shoulder than go to his funeral next week. &gt;&gt; Battles will be lad. People don't understand what's going on. You can look like the happiest person in the world from the outside in. But in here and in here, you might be struggling. So people need to talk more. People need to break this stigma of men's mental health. Talk. Get it off your chest. Patty is a dude bros dude. And so for him to say what he said and so eloquently really does help to lift the stigma around discussing mental health. So good on him. Number eight, keeping busy. To pursue greatness and to be great at something, it's very difficult to live a balanced life. While I've never been a UFC champion, I do know what it's like to become so caught up in your work and that pursuit that you lose a lot of who you are outside of it. And so when something disrupts that constant push, it can be pretty rough because you feel like everything you are is pursuing that greatness. So in that regard, in a very small way, I can understand the state that Alexander Vulcganowski was in going into that short notice rematch with Islam Mahachev as injury had left Alex sidelined for a while and as a result, he struggled without the chase. I was drinking every every day um for like 3 4 weeks. I wasn't disciplined. I was I was more upset with uh who I was than than previous uh months leading into that. &gt;&gt; The results of course were a devastating loss. A first round headkick, the first ever KO loss Vulk had had in a decade. To have been so close in their first encounter that many felt he deserved the decision to showing up 10 days before walkouts and losing so terribly. Fans felt like Alex had done this to himself by being so eager to take such a short notice bout with a destroyer like Mahachev, not realizing that there's always more going on in people's lives than we realized. I I never thought I'd struggle with it, but I mean like for some reason when I wasn't fighting or or in care, sorry, I was just doing my head in, you know, I mean, I needed a fight and then this opportunity come up and I had to do it. It was something that again I I've never I never understood. Yeah. I've never never dealt with anything like that to be honest. &gt;&gt; In a sport that is more masculine than Duke Nukem, it's not easy to discuss mental health struggles, but MMA is a better place for someone as amazing as Vulk to have the courage to do so. Number seven, homesick. You know, living in the United States, I've been very lucky to never have a war take place in my backyard. I've never had to worry about my family or friends getting caught up in a battle between two militaries. But for Marina Marose, that was the very real reality she faced when just 2 weeks before her scheduled bout at UFC 272, Russia launched a large-scale military campaign in her home country of Ukraine. I remember being nervous in high school for the start of the US operations in Afghanistan and Iraq. I can't even imagine how impossible it was for Marose to focus on her fight. &gt;&gt; All this week, I feel nervous. I'm cry. I see in Ukraine uh how terrible situations. It was really hard for me. &gt;&gt; Marina would get a big cheer from the crowd as she walked out with her Ukrainian flag and would submit her former teammate Maria Agapiva in the second round. After the fight, Marose finally let her emotions go right into the microphone. &gt;&gt; Thank you for everyone for message me support me because it was hard for me. I want to cry because it's part of my country. Number [Applause] six, paid in full. Five fights into his UFC career, his first ever headlining bout, Dustin Porier, would face defeat for the first time in the promotion. It was a banger of a fight with Korean zombie, but in the fourth round, Dustin would get put to sleep. The loss was devastating and one that Porier understandably took hard. &gt;&gt; I was supposed to win tonight. I trained hard. I um you know I I owe it to my wife and to myself and you know it's a it's a it's a big hidden to me man like this is my life. &gt;&gt; While the Diamond was already making a name for himself between Fightville and his performances, most of us didn't really know yet who Dustin was, but he did and he laid it out that night. &gt;&gt; I'm going to come back and I'm going to win. No doubt about it. Either I'm going to win or I'm going to die in the cage. One of the two is going to happen. &gt;&gt; Cut to 13 years later. Dustin headlining his final card, this time as one of the most beloved fighters the sport has ever seen. A massive success by nearly any measure you could come up with for a fighter. His final fight in his home state of Louisiana would serve as a tribute to his career and his legacy. The amazing video package the UFC put together perfectly encapsulated the mentality he lived that was stated in that interview all those years previous. Another unintentional call back to that interview after his first UFC loss would be made as his final words in the octagon. &gt;&gt; Mixed martial arts has taught me everything I know and uh I'm just thankful I got to walk this walk. &gt;&gt; Number five, a father's legacy. As I get older, I think about my relationship with my parents because we all have a finite amount of time on this planet. It's something I think of as a distant concern, but the truth is that life can change in an instant whether we're prepared for it or not. Habib Nuramemedov's bond with his father Abdul Manap went beyond father and son. Hhabib's entire life was living the dream of his father for his son to become a world champion, the absolute best. And at 31, Hhabib had achieved that undefeated 28-0 UFC champion and the rest of the plan was simple. Beat Justin Gai, beat GSP, retire at 30-0, the greatest to ever compete. But in the leadup to his bout with Gachi, Abdul Manap would unexpectedly pass due to complications from CO. H Khabib would compete for the first time in his life without his father. And it would also be the last as he would promise his mother that he would no longer compete without his father. &gt;&gt; This it was my last fight and no way I'm going to come here without my father. &gt;&gt; The Eagle's retirement speech has 28 million views on YouTube. And while much of it is focused on his career, there's a particularly heart-wrenching moment when he gives some advice to Justin Gachi entirely unrelated to fighting that all of us could stand to hear. &gt;&gt; Justin, be close with your parents because one day it's going to happen something because you never know what's going to happen tomorrow. You never know. Number four, what am I? Now, I know that it's easy to dunk on Ronda Rousey, and we've talked plenty about the negative aspects of her career and her personality, but at the end of the day, Ronda Rousey is still a person, and regardless of how you have ever felt about her, it is hard not to feel empathy after seeing her appearance on Ellen following the loss to Holly Holm. And while it would also be easy to say she's a pro alete that makes millions of dollars and she lost a match in a sport, go cry yourself to sleep in your mansion, that's not how Rhonda saw it. Rhonda's entire life and her self-worth were tied into her combat sports prowess. Her life from childhood to that moment she got kicked by Holly Holm. The only thing she ever knew and ever was was an athlete, a fighter. And so faced with the prospect of going forward in a life where you've known nothing else and might suddenly have to find some other value in yourself. I think anybody could relate to that. And that is what Rhonda laid bare on Ellen 3 months after the home loss. I was like in the medical room and I was like down in the corner. I was sitting in the corner and I was like, "What am I anymore if I'm not this?" And I was literally sitting there and like thinking about killing myself in that exact second. I'm like, "I'm nothing." I'm like, "What do I do anymore?" &gt;&gt; That's how raw everything still was for her that long after the fight. And to even admit that kind of thing in public, in a public where you're so famous that every thought you have is a news story and you are scrutinized way beyond the level of most people. That could not have been easy. And it was a shockingly vulnerable moment from Ronda Rousey. Number three, one last promise. When we think of Chale Sen, the first things that come to mind are the bravado, the rivalry with Anderson Silva, the promos, the things that made Chale Chale. He was a larger than-l life figure. He's still a larger than-l life figure. But of course, he's also a human being. Although he rarely let the showman side of him take a backseat to his humanity, except when discussing his father. At just 25 years old, Chale would lose his father to colon cancer. Son had just started his MMA journey, but his father had seen him wrestle and defeat Tito Ortiz, who at the time was UFC champion. His father believed that his son had what it took to get to the top. My dad was a Tito fan, and we talk about that. When my dad died, the the last thing I ever said to him, I said to him, I'm going to beat Tito Ortiz and I'm going to win the world championship. It's the only promise I never It's the only promise I never kept. Over the course of his career, Sunen would see Unimaginable Heights, headline massive pay-per-views, find himself on the very cusp of winning a world title several times in the WEC against Paulo Filio, in the UFC against Silva and Jones. But ultimately, Sunen never got the chance to fulfill that final promise. Ch's final fight would end up being Leota Macha in Bellator, a bout he didn't intend to be the end. &gt;&gt; What was going on in your mind when you decided to take off the gloves and do that? &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, I was on a bit of a championship run. if I if I beat Leota tonight, I would have fought Beta for the World Championship. And uh that was the only reason I was in this sport. You know, I promised my father I' I'd uh you know, I was just in the sport. At the postfight press conference, with the weight of retirement and that promise unfulfilled, Chale gave a two-word answer when asked what it is he would say to his father if he could talk to him right now. &gt;&gt; I just tell him I tried. &gt;&gt; Number two, Cat's return. Everything was coming together for Cat and Mauricio Zingano, who was both her coach and her husband. She'd reached the UFC, was to coach the Ultimate Fighter opposite Ronda Rousey, and then compete for a world title at the end of the show, but a knee injury would leave Zingano sidelined for over a year. No tough, no title fight, and in that time, an already complex relationship would see more strain. &gt;&gt; I knew the knee injury was bad, but I didn't expect for him to change into a completely different person. Every night after I would go to sleep, he was shooting oxycottton in the bathroom. My painkillers. &gt;&gt; In early 2014, Mauricio would take his own life. &gt;&gt; All I could think of was, "What the fuck?" Like, like I screamed it 100 times. I just wanted to talk to him so bad. Like [Music] Cat's return to fighting was a necessity. She had to provide for her and Mauricio's son. And it was with the weight of everything that had happened over the last year and a half that Singano entered the cage with Amanda Nunez. Despite early difficulties, Cat would surge in the second and get a third round stoppage. After the fight, she was understandably emotional. &gt;&gt; I want to go home to my little boy. &gt;&gt; Congratulations on a spectacular fight, Cat Zingado, ladies and gentlemen. While cats win and return are triumphant, it's worth saying that while life goes on, the grief from what happened never truly goes away. &gt;&gt; Something that I struggle with every day, it's something that our family struggles with every day. Um, some questions don't have answers. Coming to terms with that has been really hard. &gt;&gt; Number one, unthinkable. Just 5 months after the loss of his one-year-old son, Kobe, Francisanu was fighting, which means that even sooner than that, he had to go through a camp to get to that fight. And this card held a ton of pressures. It would mark his first bout in MMA since his high-profile exit from the UFC. He'd already had two massive boxing matches in that nearly 3-year period. But this would be his return to the cage. And it was a hugely important show for the PFL taking place in Riad. But none of that was probably registering for Inanu who was grieving and questioning. &gt;&gt; There's some days that you wake up and you really like what's the purpose? What's the goal if it's going to end up like this? was the purpose of fighting if I will end up not being able to fight for the only person that I could fight for. &gt;&gt; Despite living through a pain that I cannot even possibly wrap my head around, Inganu made it to fight night and earned a knockout victory in the very first round. With the work done with that small reprieve from the pain that came from having to lock in in the cage, Francis's mind went right back to where it had been for the last 5 months. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I can't just think about anything than my son Kobe. All he did is fight because of him. I wanted to fight for him. I just want to say please remember my son. Remember my son Kobe. And then I dedicate this for him. This for Kobe. Thank you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Man, that was a heavy video. But thank you for sticking it out with me. I hope you got some value out of that. I know I did just writing it. I want to thank all of you for watching and Max Randall for editing this. Take care of yourself out there, guys.