Kind: captions Language: en As videos of Jon Jones doing whatever it is that Jon Jones is doing in Thailand continue to surface and more and more of his social media posts sound like the words of a man who absolutely has no intention of fighting anybody, let alone Tom Aspenol. We're left wondering after an exhausting 800 plus days of a title reign that in all likelihood ends via paperwork instead of a fist fight. What in the world happened here? I know there's a ton of speculation on who is to blame. rumors that they did offer Jon huge money that he turned down anyway, but it really just kind of feels like the UFC has absolutely no control over their own promotion. We'll I'll give you the numbers on slap, power slap, power slap, power slap, power slap, power slap. We have weekly slap meetings. We're going to invest like like 10 to 12 million into jiu-jitsu over the next year. We're obviously going big on boxing. I think that the sport of boxing is so broken, it needs to be built from the ground up again. How do you even manage running all of that just as a businessman? I thought I was busy. I didn't realize what busy really was until the last couple of weeks. We'll see how long I can run this hard. Doesn't that just make you want to party? Yeah, Dana is so distracted. He didn't even know that after he apparently claimed Jones agreed to the fight that JBJ had been saying all that wild stuff blowing up on social media recently about being retired, vacating the title, fighting in Ganu. White was flabbergasted by it the other day. He said he's ready to vacate the belt. He said he doesn't care if you strip him. He would vacate it. Yeah, I I've been busy. I haven't been keeping up with the gossip. I mean, how many times this year has Dana said, "It's coming. The fight is coming." So, you wouldn't come for me. You wouldn't come for your best friend. If it in fact doesn't come, they're absolutely going to say that John was scared or whatever other reason. They'll use that classic excuse. In one of his tweets, he was saying that I tarnished his I tarnished you. you've done a very good job of tarnishing you. But there's no way to look at that situation that doesn't make the UFC look weak if the fight doesn't go down. You can't get your heavyweight champion and your interim heavyweight champion in a fight in your own promotion that it's taken this long that Jon has been sitting on the shelf now for nearly the record length of a heavyweight championship reign. The story of Sto is a legend. Even if they do finally get this fight to happen, the fact that all this time has passed with a completely dead title picture is more than enough to make it the first entry of this video. Because that is what we're talking about today. Situations and moments where the most powerful promotion in the world, came across as anything but powerful. UFC, more like UFO. Damn, that just made me snob. Yo, I'm sorry. I'll stop. I'm Tommy. This is MMA on Point and these are 10 moments that made the UFC look weak. Number nine, TKO boxing TKO'ed. This one is very much ongoing, so I couldn't rank it any higher, but the optics on this one aren't super great. So, in March, there was this huge insane announcement that Dana White and Turkey AllSik were going to be starting a boxing promotion together. It was going to be a joint venture between TKO and Cella, the Saudi entertainment group, with Dana running the show. A few months later, they had their first fight lined up, and it was a monster. Canelo Alvarez versus Terrence Crawford in Allegant Stadium. Here's Dana weirdly talking about how much he hates stadiums, but is going to make it work. Yeah, I hate it. I I hate it. I hate it so much. You know, I'm going to have to try to figure out out how to make it an incredible experience. Well, apparently he won't have to worry about his hatred for stadiums because like 2 weeks after the announcement, Turkey came out and was like, "Actually, the cards being promoted by Cella, we're changing the date and we're not 100% sure about the venue yet." So, what does this mean? Honestly, nobody knows yet. The new date originally interfered with UFC 320, which was meant to be the big UFC nochce show, but two weeks after this announcement about the Canelo Crawford changes, the UFC was like 320 is now in October. Nochce is now a fight night. There will be no September pay-per-view. Can you confirm or deny that? Yeah. Yeah, there's no pay-per-view. Yeah. Yeah. And we had to change the venue because construction to the arena in Guadalajara. And sure, I guess the venue change makes sense in that regard. But you made no a fight night after it was the sphere the year before. It still looks like the UFC got strong armed out of the date. It just kind of feels like TKO got told to go play with their toys until the adults tell them otherwise. You're not my boss anymore cuz you eat poo. Okay, Dana finally addressed the situation after UFC 316 following weeks of radio silence and he's like, "Oh yeah, I'm promoting it. Boxing's so great because there's no leaks. There's a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up things about boxing, but they don't say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean, nobody talks. It's the most amazing thing. Um, I'm promoting the fight. What are you talking about? Then Turkey posts a tweet saying, "Yeah, Dana's promoting it. It's a Riod season fight and we have a deal for TKO to promote it." A deal for TKO to promote it? That sounds temporary. That doesn't sound like a new promotion being put together. In March, it was Cella and TKO coming together to make a new promotion. Then it was just Cella promoting this event. Now it's Riad season, which is Cella with a deal to have TKO promote the fight. So, do you guys have a promotion together or do you not? And then Dana was asked about the venue and he says we'll announce it. You guys already announced it. It was in Las Vegas. Even if Dana and Turkey are promoting this fight together in their new boxing promotion, the way all of this was handled makes TKO and Dana look like they are not in the driver's seat whatsoever. Number eight, powers suck. Am I right? You're right. So, it's a pretty wellestablished fact that Power Slap is the biggest sport on the planet. Power Slap is so big, in fact, that TBS felt like they were holding them back after airing the first season of the promotions events. They said, "You know what? You guys are so big, the average 295,000 viewers you're getting on our national cable television channel is actually hurting you guys. So, out of respect, we're going to let you go because you deserve better. Keep up those returns and uh give us a call way down the line, you know." Luckily, Rumble, aka Teimu YouTube, decided to pick them up. Rumble was paying Power Slap $30 million a year to have the league host their events on their platform. But just like TBS, Rumble realized they were too small for Powers Slap. $30 million a year. They deserved more. And so, the two parties parted ways. You didn't do anything. It's not you, it's me. With Powers Slap headed exclusively to YouTube, just like I'm exclusively on YouTube because I made an account. Now, to be fair, Vchain, some crypto thing, is paying Power Slap $76 million in the next 6 years to be their naming rights sponsor. And that is absolutely $76 million more than I'm getting from Vchain. But all jokes aside, for Dana to claim that the promotion would have a valuation of a billion dollars, seeing them go from TV to Rumble to just airing on YouTube hasn't exactly projected strength. And because he's decided to tie it into the UFC in so many ways, it's making a list. Damn it. Number seven, Showtime Showup. There's a reason the UFC never co-promotes anything. We don't co-promote. And this situation with Showtime and Steven Espinosa is a great example of why. The UFC machine is fantastic at getting their narrative out there about an event and then having nobody to refute it. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you asking me right now? But when Conor McGregor boxed Floyd Mayweather, a lot of other parties were involved. And one that seemed to rub Connor and Dana White the wrong way almost immediately was Showtime executive Steven Espinosa. What's up Espinosa? You little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we got to do you going to stand up and do something? You sit down and shut your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mouth. You remember him. After the pay-per-view, everybody wanted to know pretty much one thing. Was this the highest selling pay-per-view of all time? And we quickly got our answer from Dana White. 6.7 million buys. the biggest combat sports event ever. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] balls. But not so fast. Espinosa would come out with his own figures that undercut White by quite a bit. Showtime said there were officially 4.3 million buys in North America, which was less than Mayweather versus Pacquiao, which had 4.6 million. Now, data tried to say that they set the record in a bunch of countries and that Showtime under reported, which why would they do that? It seems like the only thing anybody might do is exaggerate the numbers, not make them less. And that's what happens when you co-promote events. You get corrected and made to look like a liar by a guy named Steven Espinosa about pay-per-view buys. Number six, Eagle stays grounded. Everybody, including the UFC, was shocked when Hhabib Namedov announced his retirement from the sport following his title defense against Justin Gachi. But with MMA retirements usually being about as permanent as New Year's resolutions, it was only a week later that Dana was already talking about a return. He didn't say that he'll fight at, you know, whatever. But he didn't say no. He's he's he's considering the 30 and0. His father wanted it. He's still the champ. There's no vacant title open right now or no interim title happening. White and the UFC made it clear they wanted to get Hab back for at least that 30 and0 fight and that there was a lot of money left on the table, particularly with a Connor rematch or a Tony Ferguson bout. Two months later, we got this now infamous post from Dana on Twitter of him and Habib walking into a meeting room together. Ho ho ho, the Eagles coming back. Dana got him. The hype got even bigger when the next day during the UFC broadcast, White would come out and give a whole ass update on the situation. So, his words to me were, "I'm gonna I'm going to watch this fight." He said, "I would never tie up the division. These guys do something spectacular. Show me something spectacular." Wow. And make me want to come back and fight. This was just weeks before Conor McGregor and Dustin Porier. Tabib would do a Russian language interview just a few days after Dana hyped everybody up to just squash the whole thing entirely. White would continue to pursue the Eagle over the next month or so with meetings and dinners before finally realizing he had nothing he could entice him back with and the title was officially vacated. A whole lot of hype about a return, a whole lot of nothing to show for it. Number five, Charlie goes to Japan. In 2003, the UFC hadn't quite hit the tough boom. They were close. All the pieces were there, well, except for tough. And they were anxious to prove that they had the best fighters in the sport, not Pride FC, who actually did have them. In order to prove that point, Dana White sent his only son, Chuck Liddell, from Down Upon High to compete in the Pride Middleweight GP. The move was meant to be a part of a larger talent exchange between the two promotions that never materialized. Something else that made the UFC look weak. White would travel with Liddell to Japan and even provide commentary for his fight with Rampage Jackson. I said before, it started with a little smack talk between me and the president of of Pride. And now Chuck's over there and he's going to he's going to beat up their light heavyweight division. Chuck's going to wipe that whole thing out. When I just walked into the arena 20 minutes ago, I I couldn't believe it. Just it's amazing to see this many people in one place at the same time. This was their chance to prove that Chuck was on the same level as Vanderlay Silva, the other top guy at 205 lbs. But he would never get a chance at Bandy because after beating Overim in the first round, Rampage would demolish Liddell and squash his hopes to prove Dana's assertion that the UFC was better. He threw in the towel. They throw in the towel. To add to the embarrassment, former heavyweight champion Rico Rodriguez would also lose on the same night as the Iceman if the UFC had better fighters. They didn't prove it head-to-head. Number four, White Whale fail. To quote a great philosopher, I never had to chase [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in my life. I never had to chase [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in my life on December 30th. I ain't doing it. I don't have to. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? And largely that has been the stance of the UFC when it comes to talent outside the promotion. Dana White for years played like he would never want Fedor Ameiliono. And when he couldn't get him after not wanting him, he'd lash out and act like there was never any interest. Fedor is not even fighting the best guys in the world. Fans want to see this guy fight the best guys in the world, and he's not doing it. Who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My favorite such moment was when he pulled out a printed forum post from like Sure Dog talking about why Fedor is actually overrated. Fedor fought Eugji Nagata, a pro wrestler who was 0 and1 in MMA. Wagner Martins, who would later go on to lose by submission to Butterbean. In 2006, he fought middleweight Matt Lland. Then in 2007, he fought Hong Man Choy. Choi's only other MMA win was against Joseé Cano. But the truth is, the moment he became available after the fall of Pride, the UFC ant Dana wanted a contract for Fedor bad. I want to get that baldo fat guy over here. And they worked so hard to make that deal happen over the course of several years. Listen to this guy talk about Fedor. He has become my obsession, man. You know, he has become my obsession. I want it worse than the fans want it now, believe me. Have you ever heard Dana talk about any fighter like this? The two parties had a now infamous island meeting where Fedor was on vacation. One final push to get this massive money fight with Brock Lesnar going. The way Fedor has characterized the meeting is pretty hilarious, as it sounded like he was never really that interested in working with the UFC, period. While the most major efforts would end there, Dana chased that white whale and made several other attempts over the years. Ameilian was one of the few fighters to consistently make the UFC look thirsty for someone they couldn't quite get. And he did it wearing a sweater and a smirk. In the end, it was the last emperor who always looked like he came out on top. Number three, Pride never profit. You know what the UFC got when they bought Pride FC back in 2007? A whole pile of nothing is what they got. The Fertittas dropped $70 million to buy Pride away from Dream Stage Entertainment. And a lot like when they bought the UFC, they basically bought a name and not a whole bunch else. They did get the video library, but the problem with that was that at the time streaming didn't exist yet. So unless folks were going to buy DVDs, which I'm sure they bought some, the Pride Back catalog, which by the way was in shitacular quality, sometimes like straight up ripped from VHS recordings, didn't really benefit them too much. And as for the fighter contracts, most of them weren't even enforcable and so new deals had to be made anyway. It really was a cluster. But okay, they still bought their biggest competitor. How does that make them look weak? Well, because they also tried to then leverage that new brand by taking over the Japanese market. And that is where they really looked weak. They paid Saki Kabara $10 million for a non-compete agreement. They opened up new offices there, but they couldn't get TV deals, couldn't get distribution, and according to Dana, they also ran into organized crime barriers. Any way you look at it, their big triumphant pride takeover was anything but. And made them look like they were lucky. Fuji TV dropped their biggest competitor and put them out of business. Number two, Prodigy problems. The Prodigy. The Prodigy. The Progy, pardon me, the Prodigy. Early 2004 was a critical time for the UFC. We were still a year out from tough. It's going to be a great show. I announced tonight that uh it's going to be Randy and Chuck are going to be the two uh head captains, coaches, whatever you want to call them. I was really pissed off that we got a reality show. I hate reality shows and I've never even watched one. I, you know, I just never got the whole concept, but they're popular. Things were not quite hitting yet, and the future of the promotion was in question. One shining beacon, though, was unquestionably Matt Hughes, one of the most dominant champions in the sport with five successful title defenses. For his record sixth, he had to beat two-time failed lightweight champion BJ Penn, coming up 15 lbs for the first time. And he did not beat him. In a stunner, Penn took the gold from the UFC's Golden Boy in the first round. Which that in and of itself doesn't make the UFC look weak. But you know what does? The guy who just beat your greatest champion, leaving because your promotion is too small time. And that is exactly what happened. K1 offered better money and in the eyes of Penn, better competition. So, he was done with the UFC, who promptly stripped him of his title. This is where things get hilarious, though. BJ then sued the UFC for stripping him, filing an injunction to have them halt any future welterweight title fights. He was going to come back and defend, just, you know, when he was ready to. The desperate UFC would get a win when the court denied the injunction. this being their fifth champion at that point to leave the promotion over wanting better money elsewhere. No wonder they created those probably illegal coercive contract stipulations that would lock down every fighter that ever signed with them in perpetuity. Before I get to number one, a couple honorable mentions that deserve discussing. The long history of Dana White and the UFC getting big brothered by Vince McMahon and the WWE with Dana seemingly unwilling to incur the wrath of Vinnie Mack. And that time that Strikeforce and WC guys came into the UFC and just took over the title picture entirely to really show that maybe the most dominant fighters in the world weren't guaranteed to be UFC guys. And you know what? Jason has done an excellent deep dive on both of these topics. You should go watch them. All right, time for number one. Notoriously soft. Yeah, nobody has ever made the UFC look more like the B side of the equation more frequently than Conor McGregor. I mean, there's a million examples when they pulled him from UFC 200 for missing a media obligation. The video will be ruling him out at this point. Yeah, I just want to make sure. You see? Yes. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Connor retired via social media, which put massive pressure on them. And then he was given special accommodations regarding his duties to promote the rescheduled fight at UFC 202 because it's always kid gloves with Connor. They basically changed the rules of tough so that he could bring back best budov after he'd already lost on the show. The bus attack, the only repercussions he faced were from the actual law itself. The UFC didn't do a damn thing. Not to mention, they've ignored every single high crime and misdemeanor this guy's ever committed. He's the only ever fighter to get the UFC to co-promote. And why? so they could get a cut because he really was bigger than the promotion. What fighter will ever get their pet project whiskey brand on the canvas for the biggest event in UFC history? Like me and the Boston Animal Dino, right? The OG in a fight game. He'll suck this bad boy. Hell, the UFC basically completely destroyed their relationship with USADA over potentially letting Connor compete earlier than their timetable. And he didn't even end up fighting. Like that whole saga with them was literally for nothing. And what happened when Connor pulled out of 303 with his pinky toe injury? Dana didn't throw him under the bus like he would have just about any other high-profile guy that pulls out of a major event. No one fighter has ever made the UFC look weaker. And in this instance, most of the time it's because they were the weaker party. Said, "Listen, I'm going to by the time I'm 25 years old, I'm going to be a self-made millionaire." How old are you? I'm 24 now. So, a massive thank you to our channel members. Seriously, you guys are the best. Fight fans, you could be the best, too. Hit the join button. There's one low price. You get exclusive content. Give it a shot. Like and subscribe or Jon Jones will stay in Thailand forever. Leave a comment about which times you felt the UFC looked the weakest. And thank you all so much for watching. Have a wonderful day.