Kind: captions Language: en Well, who saw that coming besides literally everyone? Why are we doing pointless rematches like this? Well, I know why, actually, but we'll get to that in a bit. I mean, don't get me wrong, I am as big a fan of Diego Lopez as anybody. But, did we really expect anything different than what already happened in this exact fight less than a year ago? When you've reached the very top of this sport, how much do you think you're improving yeartoear? And what would have indicated that there was some major leap at this point from Lopez? Did anybody feel like going into this one that he'd leveled up recently or something? What is different about Diego Lopez today that would turn the tide so much that he could overcome his sound defeat the first time we did this fight less than a year ago? Need I remind you, it's not like Alex got a flash KO in the first fight or there was some indication that Vulk wasn't going to clear that decision. You knew the outcome before the cards were being read, just like he did last night. This is why you don't book rematches without them being earned. Yes, Jean Silva was hot when Diego beat him on that big old nochce card that wasn't even that big of a card, especially compared to last year. But who had Silva defeated really? Bryce Mitchell, whose only win after that insane Emit KO loss was against Cone Gracie. So why does beating Silva put Lopez back in a title fight where the first one wasn't particularly close or indicative of him being able to win besides the knockdown he scored? If he'd had Vulk on the ropes and the champ somehow made this miraculous comeback or something, then something like the Silva victory could maybe justify the rematch or if he'd had more fights with some contenders and just mowed through them became undeniable again, then you can say, "Hey, maybe things are different now." But to just throw him in there immediately after the first one makes absolutely no sense here. And it's why this fight fell flat when it was announced and ended up being pretty much the exact same fight as the first time. Maybe even easier actually for the champ. I ran the numbers long ago for a video on title fight rematches. 84% of immediate rematches have the exact same outcome as the first fight. And if I know this, then the UFC knows this. So, what exactly was the point here? Let's just call this how it is. The UFC had a date. They had a location. Vulk was always going to be the headliner because they could sell out if he fought a sentient bag of potatoes. And then they just went with Lopez because he'd won slightly more recently against somebody with more buzz than Lone Murphy. and they'd rather co-promote with the PFL than give Moses Eloy the title fight. They'd already put money into marketing Lopez in the first fight on that nochce card. So, let's just repeat it because we got to book two pay-per-views back to back a week apart. And our only other real concern for the next half year is the White House. It was good enough for them. That's what it really comes down to. Good enough. Book it. Make it happen. Cash the check. Let's move on. I mean, when Dana is telling people, if you don't like it, don't watch. He's not even bothering to justify it with any kind of logic. It's just like, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. That's the fight we're doing. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. And look how IT TURNED OUT. LOOK, it was a fun enough fight to watch, but the stakes felt like they were zero. It felt like I was watching a rerun. I've already seen this show. And really, they did Lopez a disservice here as well because now you've locked Diego out of the title picture because you rushed him right back into a championship bout. He absolutely won't be getting a trilogy with Vulk. Who would want to watch that? People barely cared about this one. And even if there is a different champion soon, all of Lopez's championship cache has been used up when he could have remained a viable contender. Now he's going to have to do something substantial and hope Vulk retire soon to even sniff gold again, let alone scream in its face like Jean Silva, who despite losing to Diego, is already a name that people are floating around after his Arnold Allen win. I mean, okay, I guess, but don't we already kind of have people above him? I'm pretty sure we do. Also, why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are people talking about Armen as a potential opponent for Vulk? What? Cuz he's locked out of the lightweight title picture because that division is also focusing on fun over competitiveness. Or is it because his Nina Drama video did well? So now we can throw him in there. Are we not doing the best fighters in title fights anymore? Or is it just who gets the most memes? And this is not heavyweight, right? We're not in a situation where the division is so shallow and so devoid of any potential title contenders that it's like, "Okay, yeah, I guess Sirill Gan is getting another title shot. I guess Holly Holm is getting another title shot. I mean, tell me how Luron Murphy's nineight win streak in the division doesn't put him in a title fight. Sure, Aaron Pico was just making his UFC debut, but he had wins over Dan Eay and Josh EMTT before that. And he's exciting. It's not like he's some snoozer. Then you've got Ioyv just sitting there twiddling his thumbs on a 19 fight unbeaten streak with his three most recent wins being Diego Lopez, Arnold Allen, and Alja Sterling going back nearly two years, which is a problem. But why? What was the reason? Why was he just sitting there? And now we've got Mozar versus Lone. It feels like we're wasting contenders. One of them should have been fighting Vul, not Diego Lopez. I've said this in other videos, but if we just throw together title fights all willy-nilly because [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you, if you don't like it, don't watch it. the title starts to mean absolutely nothing because it no longer represents the best fighters fighting the best fighters. Even when nobody wants to see some of these guys in title challenges by the merits of what they've done, they've earned a chance to prove if they're the best. And the more times we do just the fun thing that's easy, the more often we get nights like last night that are super predictable, have zero hype, and actually diminish both the champion and the challenger. I mean, you think the NFL likes the two teams in the Super Bowl every year? You don't think they wanted Josh Allen to be in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Super Bowl this year? They are starving for stars in these playoffs cuz sometimes that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happens when you're trying to prove who is the best of the best and you're the promoters. Promote the fights. Make them interesting. Find some way to get people on board with whoever the hell is the next guy up. And you know, I'm screaming into the void here. Dana's just don't watch it attitude towards this topic is because he can afford to have it. We were just starved for six whole weeks of MMA. Sydney was always going to show up for Vog. 7.7 billion is rolling in. They could do a Diego Lopez trilogy if they wanted at the apex with only Mark Zuckerberg in the crowd wearing Meta sunglasses and they're not going to bat an eye. They're not going to lose a scent. All that said in this rant. Vulk is the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. What a champion. Even in a pointless rematch. The dude was already the goat. But yeah, did more goat stuff last night. Let's run the numbers on this thing, shall we? The UFC's eighth trip to Sydney saw 13 fights with four KO TKOs's, three subs, six decisions for a total cage time of 2 hours 42 minutes 2 seconds. Not a night for underdogs. Only four came out on top over the expected winner. Quillin Saul killed it again. That's four straight in the UFC with three finishes. In the three bouts, he's earned stops. His opponents have landed a combined 11 significant strikes total, earning Quillin our easy money award. Talison Terara is back in the win column with a big sweaty beefy heavyweight slog against shoe beverage enjoying tied to Ivasa. The bout would mark the first to go out of the first round in his entire career with a combined 10 minutes 58 seconds of control time in this 15-minute fight. That is more than their last 11 opponents combined. And most of that was spent napping on each other. But for powering through the 15 minutes, Talison earns our iron lung award. Mauricio One Piece is the king of pirates now after knocking out Raphael Faz. His first such loss not caused by an injury going all the way back to his UFC debut. Deal Santos has 12 knockouts in 13 wins, and he's probably going to get a whole bunch more before his time is through would be my guess. BSD landed more than three times the significant strikes of Dan Hooker while putting him away. Only one other opponent in Hooker's entire career has managed to outstrike him by such a ratio, and that was Armen. That is now six total title defenses for Vulk. That puts him right behind Aldo with seven. And then the only other three men ahead are GOATs, GSP, Anderson, DJ, and Bones. Not bad for the oldest featherweight champion in history. &gt;&gt; I'll make a headline out of anything these days, huh? &gt;&gt; And that is two UFC pay-per-views, PLE's, numbered UFC's, whatever the hell we're calling them now on backto-back weekends. A weird but cool start and an amazing job editing this autopsy by Max Randall, my partner in crime after every one of these cards. Show him love on his socials in the comments, and go watch his fantastic YouTube channel. A huge thank you to our channel members as well. You make pumping out lightning fast content like this so much easier. Hit the join button to become a member yourself. You'll get access to exclusive content like our writer meetings. Like and subscribe for all the MMA content you could possibly want. Leave a comment on all your 325 thoughts. And thank you for watching. Thank you for listening to me rant. Enjoy the rest of your weekend and stay safe out there. [music]