Kind: captions Language: en So, it is true. You really can't knock out a sorcerer. Patty Pimpblelet, your magic is real, and I believe in you. Well, that was a heck of a way to kick off the Paramount era. What is it about interrum title fights that makes the fighters involved with them overd deliver? It seems that the more pointless the interim championship, the better the fight that accompanies it. If this type of overcompensation is going to be the norm, then I would like pointless interim title fights on every single card, please. One of the best nights in UFC history saw two incredibly unneeded interim title bouts in Israel Adosagna versus Kelvin Gastelum and Dustin Porier versus Max Holloway. Both fights that are legendary now. And after last night, we can add Justin Gatey versus Patty Pimpblelet's pointless entrum title bout to the pantheon of classics. I mean, that was an allout slobber knocker. It was the exact kind of fight you would want to show a new fan. In fact, nothing that technical happening, just two dudes beating the absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of each other. All heart, no brains. I say that lovingly. But truly as fan-friendly a fight as you're probably ever going to get and one that's so massively overexceeded expectations that at the end of the day, nothing else really matters. I mean, think about it. Petty got blasted for 25 minutes by a guy who hadn't fought in nearly a year and seemed entirely out of the title picture. A devastating setback for Pimpblelet and the UFC's hope of putting him in a big tentpole main event against Ilia Tapora because he called him a sausage one time and they almost got into a scuffle in a hotel once. Sure, did he prove he was tough? Absolutely. And that will go far with some fans. Maybe ones that weren't quite on board yet, but as Patty put it afterwards, he already knew he was tough. And that doesn't get you title bouts when you don't get victories. And that problem is compounded by the reality of this new title situation. Justin, now a 37-year-old, has to go up against one of the most consistently scary guys we've seen in a very long time in his prime in Tapora, a fight that prior to this pointless entrum bout getting announced seemed about as likely as Jones versus Aspenol. And no doubt the champion will be a massive favorite, and he should be because the very likely outcome is that Justin gets demolished, which in turn is only going to make it harder for Patty to climb up that ladder back to a title fight. Not to mention Gachi just earned a title shot off beating Patty Pimpblelet when Armen Sarukian exists out there in a championship limbo that would make Bal Muhammad's weight for a title bout look downright fair in comparison. And the winner of Holloway versus Olivera will essentially mean nothing for the title picture. Now we only got a single finish on the main card and it was a bit of a lackluster one. We lost a major title fight in Harrison versus Nunez. Three other bouts fell out right before the event. One accompanied by a fighter passing out on his way from the scale after weigh-ins, and another probably accompanied by a federal investigation in Michael Johnson versus Alexander Hernandez, which was pulled from the event right before the show due to suspicious betting activity. The pacing of the first Paramount show was pretty sluggish compared to what we're used to, and the excessive ads all night didn't feel like they blended into the background. They felt invasive and like they were taking away from the show at points. Data said afterwards, "Well, it's eight bucks." implying that this isn't a problem that needs to be addressed or that we should be good with it because it's so cheap. &gt;&gt; You're not paying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know, however much anymore. These guys got to got to make some money, too. So, &gt;&gt; but actually, Dana, it's N bucks because they just upped it and that's the lowest package price. Funny enough, if you don't want ads, it's 14 bucks. But I realize now that that doesn't apply to UFC events, so I'll probably downgrade my subscription because I don't get Paramount Plus to watch Land Man. Although, I do hear it's good. But the point being about all the negativity I just brought up. What makes amazing fights so important to this sport is that nobody cares about any of that stuff today because that main event was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome. And at the end of the day, that's all that matters. That's all we are here for to see great fights. And we got one last night. Pointless in title. Who cares? Mind-numbing corporate ad integration? Whatever. Justin Gatey decided to fight like it was 2017. Patty Pimpblelet forgot entirely that the ground even existed and we got to have a blast seeing them do their best impression of Forest Griffin versus Stephan Bonner for 25 minutes. I couldn't be happier. And by the sounds of it, Paramount couldn't be either. Dana said afterwards that the official numbers won't come out until later this coming week, but that they doubled what Paramount was expecting them to do. What exactly does that mean? 5 million viewers, 10 million viewers, 35 million viewers. Did it beat Jake Paul versus Anthony Joshua? Probably not. But the point is that it sounds like Paramount is very happy with the number of viewers who watched this first show. And man, if you are a new fan and that was your first main event, you are probably tuning in again next weekend because that's one hell of an introduction to the sport. And overall, it was a very good kickoff for this new UFC era, all things considered. The opening hype package was very cool and very well done. Showing that history makes everything the UFC does feel weightier. like other sports that have histories going back 100 years or more. Not sure what the Travis Barker drum thing was about or why Blink 182 was the soundtrack for the event, but it was, you know, that was all kind of fun and we did get some solid finishes on the prelims, a few very good fights that went the distance, Jean Silva stood on Arnold Allen's back and of course that fantastic main event. For a card marred by all sorts of issues, and the UFC working the kinks out with a new partner, the launch exceeded expectations. I am curious to see how much of that momentum they carry into next week considering we're getting backtoback numbered UFC's. This one with an equally pointless title fight, but also a potentially really fun overall watch. Will those new fans who tuned in this week stick around for another one? Was it secretly genius putting two pay-per-view level shows back to back? Will the first half of the year be essentially filler so that the White House card can be the biggest event ever? Find out next week on Dragon Ball Z. All right, now that we've taken a look at the bigger picture from last night, let's kick off this new era of autopsies ourselves with some interesting numbers and some well-earned awards, shall we? The first ever Paramount UFC card saw 11 fights with five KO TKOs's, zero subs, and six decisions for a total cage time of 2 hours 16 minutes 25 seconds. There were exactly three underdogs that came out on top, eight favorites to victories, so not exactly a night of surprises. That was the first Shawn Silva fight to go the distance in the UFC. Arnold Allen remains unfinished in 24 pro bouts. Silva is now one step closer to screaming in the featherweight titles face for real. Natalyia Silva is on an eigh tear now in the UFC with back-to-back wins over former champions in Rose Namayunes and Alexa Graasso. Dana said she's next for Valentina. So, we'll see if she can beat three champs in a row. Either way, she's getting our Queen Slayer award. Waldo Cortez Acasta has now fought three times in as many months with all three earning him victories via KO TKO. Interesting Derrick Lewis stat. He doesn't always get knocked down when he loses, but he has never won a fight in which he's been knocked down, including last night. That was Shawn Ali's first non-title bout since 2022, his first win since 2024, and his first UD victory in a three- round bout since 2018. Taste the rainbow. Justin Gachi landed 143 significant strikes in his interim title victory over Tony Ferguson. He landed 144 last night against Patty Pimpblelet. That's weirdly consistent. With his win, he's the first ever fighter to become interim champion in two separate runs. 6 years apart, no less, earning Justin Gate our turquoise panty night award because the interim champ does what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he wants within reason. And we're off to the races. The Paramount era has officially begun and Max Randall is still officially killing it as the editor of these autopsies. He does them after every event so that you get these with your morning cup of Joe. Please show him love on his socials and go check out his wonderful YouTube channel. A massive thank you to the channel members. You guys are already helping to make 2026 pretty kick-ass. If you hit the join button, viewer, you can also become a member. There is exclusive content that comes with it. Like and subscribe because we do these after every major numbered card. Leave a comment about all things 324. I love reading them and sometimes I even reply when I'm feeling froggy. We're back again next week with a new numbered UFC. So, see you again real soon. That sounded threatening. I meant it in a happy way. See you then. [music]