Kind: captions Language: en All right, men like to act macho, &gt;&gt; but millions have a secret. Low testosterone. Some men don't even realize it, and most never even go to the doctor for it. But treatment can be quick and effective. &gt;&gt; New research sponsored by the National Institutes of Health shows testosterone replacement therapy may have some benefits. Virtual fountain of youth and just a prescription away. &gt;&gt; I hear a lot of men come in and they talk about the young guys coming in that they feel the challenge. &gt;&gt; Is that okay or is that cheating? If your levels are low and I bring you back to a normal level or an optimal level, then aren't I just, you know, leveling the playing field? &gt;&gt; All that matters is that you have it in your system. If you don't have it in your system, you're not going to feel as good. Ladies and gentlemen, if you've been a longtime fan of MMA on Point, you probably recognize my voice for some of the earliest MMA on Point lists. And newer subscribers will know me from my rather obscure essays that focus back in on the forgotten classics of MMA. And on return to the channel, I thought I'd jump straight back into reliving the old glory days like some sad loser who can't help but spend an uncomfortable amount of time reminiscing when Fedor a milliono wasn't knocked out by Mark Common after you. &gt;&gt; I mean, if there is a silver lining, at least Ryan avenge Mark's poor traumatized children. But back to the point and a segue you're absolutely going to love. Has there ever been a man so open about his TRT use? &gt;&gt; You need some testosterone. &gt;&gt; Yes, it's all you need. You need some TRT. One cc a week and you're back in business. &gt;&gt; My coach won't let me touch anything. &gt;&gt; Get a different coach. &gt;&gt; Even while sitting opposite Rampage, Jackson, who's had his own complicated past with the treatment, he spoke openly about its benefits for an aging competitor. &gt;&gt; It's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ultimate. It'll change your life, man. I'm not saying abuse steroids. I'm saying get your levels back up to when you were 25. You going to feel young, strong, healthy. You're going to have all kinds of energy. I feel your dick's going to work again. Hey, &gt;&gt; well, it's no big secret that there was widespread usage from the mammoths of dark age UFC fighters. But all this said, it got me thinking about my era, about the face the pain era, and what specifically defined it amongst the tap out and affliction shirts, which God bless Gen Z have now brought back into fashion, and how permanent the ban of TRT in 2014 forced the exodus of MMA's classic poster boys. I'm Tom from MMA on Point and this is the insane loophole that kept the UFC jack. &gt;&gt; The greatest feeling you can get in a gym or the most satisfying feeling you can get in the gym is the pump. &gt;&gt; Man, what a year 2010 was, right? Anderson Silva survived a five round beating to submit Chel Sunn at UFC 117. Kane Velasquez stopping Brock Lesnar to become the heavyweight champion. All the while, George St. Pierre cemented his welterweight dominance. And amongst all of that, who could forget Todd Duffy suffering a less than desirable year of back-to-back losses that completely shatters his G.I. Joe image. And Duffy tries to back him up with a curling from the ring. He taes the dream champion in a heartbeat. Hear me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's one of the more notorious downfalls in MMA history, especially considering it was also the year he obtained a medical therapeutic exemption to legally use TRT in the state of Nevada. Yep. At 24 years of age, Todd Duffy, muscles and all, was granted an exemption usually given to help treat diagnosed medical conditions like hypogonatism, a condition where the sex glands produce little to no hormones resulting in low testosterone. And this exemption would ensure he could compete at a normal health level without violating anti-doping regulations. So to put that all in perspective, talking about the topic, Dr. Don Catelyn of the UCLA Olympic Analytic Lab explained that actual hypogonadism requiring testosterone use was exceptionally rare. And as a member of the committee that reviewed TUE applications for Olympic athletes, Catelyn was fond of pointing out that he could only really recall one person in 20 years who had received permission to use testosterone, and that was for someone who had no testicles. Otherwise, it was kind of just used for old men. &gt;&gt; There are lots of men that try to get a approval to use it, but they have to pass through a committee, which I'm on, and they never pass. We never let them in. So, uh, no comment on Duffy, but the reality was that many doctors and scientists who examined the issue over the years generally identified prior steroid use as a leading cause of low testosterone levels among professional fighters. One well-known consequence of steroid use is its potential to suppress the body's natural testosterone production. So, if a fighter had effectively caused this condition through earlier doping, it raised an important question. Should state athletic commissions have approved further hormone use as a form of treatment? Doing so could have been seen not only as enabling past rulebreaking, but also as placing clean fighters at a disadvantage when competing against those who had already used performance-enhancing substances. For Chel Sunen and the infamous scrutiny he faced after he tested positive for elevated testosterone levels in that previously mentioned epic with Anderson Silva, the appeal was heard in early December. The suspension reduced to 6 months. So that means Sun ineligible to return to fight on March 3rd. It meant he could start 2011 with a little more career security via a cheeky little loophole. Yeah, Duffy opened the floodgates. Following his exemption, the year 2011 saw Cha Sun and Chain Roller and Nate Mark all receive documented TRT use exemptions. All three of them only in their early 30s and all three of them opening 2011 with absolutely dominant wins. They said that I didn't disclosed. I proved three different ways that I did. I had an email command. Uh I I disclosed it directly to the executive director and we wrote it down on a form that was signed and dated with the head of the testing agency. I came in, I put my case forward, they dropped it to 6 months. That's the same thing as saying we were wrong. &gt;&gt; And with more fighters being granted these exemptions, the more political and transparent the UFC was having to be. &gt;&gt; It's obvious that there's guys who use steroids earlier in their career and when you get up to, you know, around that age at 30 years old, your body isn't producing it the way that it used to. I'm I'm the furthesting thing from a doctor you'll ever see. They go in there and start replace they have to replace it and get it to normal levels where, you know, normal average guys are at these normal levels. If it's, you know, five or whatever over that, you're you're you're taking too much or you're going to see the wrong doctor. &gt;&gt; Are the Dana White scrum days. What a time. What a great time. And of course, that statement of I'm not a doctor certainly rang true as the UFC did already have that covered according to none other than Rampage Jackson himself. I was told by some doctors to bring it up to 600. &gt;&gt; Did you feel like it was low? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I could tell. I could tell, but I didn't know what was wrong with me. Dr. Kesler, he um I go to him first cuz he's the doctor that he sees me and he automatically get paid by the UFC. The UFC pays for everything. I went back to Dr. Kesler and told him said, "Well, you plan on fighting with you got to go and meet this doctor right here, Dr. K, the Russian guy. He have like age management. He probably knows what to do to make you heal faster." &gt;&gt; Mentioning a Dr. William Kesler, a chiropractor from Orange County, apparently on the payroll of the UFC. Rampage suggested at the recommendation of Kesler that he visit another doctor, a Russian man named Dr. K, who put him on a treatment of testosterone. Cuz everyone knows you can trust Russians with doping, decorating his office with a magnitude of different fighting clients. What a chiropractor was doing, allegedly suggesting a treatment of testosterone for an aging fighter, I have no idea. One thing is for sure though, this wasn't the first doctor outed as being linked to the steadily building list of fighters with medically low testosterone with exemptions for TRT. While in 2012, as a whole list of new fighters emerged, former champions like Frank Mir, Forest Griffin, and Quinton Jackson officially acquiring exemptions from the Nevada State Athletic Commission, it was famous Brazilian fighters Antonio Silva, and the poster boy of TRT, Vto Belffor, taking all the heat. Fresh off fight of the night with Mark Hunt in Australia at the tail end of 2013 and obviously widely considered as one of the greatest heavyweight fights of all time. Although the UFC approved and regulated Silva's testosterone levels with an exemption, Silva failed a post-fight test for elevated testosterone. So, he was fined and suspended for 9 months with the result of Silva not being too happy about it. He actually went as far to blame a UFC doctor that he felt was responsible for the elevated levels, a doctor named Dr. Mario Tanner. On December 13th, a month on from the hunt fight, Silva announced his intent to sue Tanner, claiming that he just did what they told him to do. Speaking to MMA Fighting, he said, "I looked for a doctor with a good reputation, and he's the UFC's doctor in Brazil. I knew I'd be tested before and after the fight. I took a shot the same day he sent me that email, and he asked me if I had another one to take with me to Australia to take on Fight Week. He authorized everything. I did exactly as I was informed to do. You go get help with a doctor. You do the right thing. And now this story tarnishes my professional career. It tarnishes the great fight I did with Mark Hunt. And he gave me a huge financial loss. The doctor knows that I cut weight. He knows how the body of an MMA fighter reacts. He should know at what level I should be with one shot. I felt like a lab rat. I did everything I was told to do, and now I'm a cheater. Tenner, who also assisted with the Brazilian Athletic Commission, refuted these claims, clarifying that he merely assisted Silva with his testosterone injections with a recommendation in an informal capacity. What's interesting to me about this story is both men actually refused to take responsibility. Maybe they knew this was wrong, but they just wanted to plead ignorance. Either way, the mess in the aftermath of such a fan favorite fight that ultimately included the medical director of the Brazilian Mixed Martial Arts Commission, coupled with the mess that Chel Sunen had found himself in, everything was starting to spiral, only yet to be amplified by peak 35-year-old Vtor Belelffort. So, at this point, TRT had already stirred plenty of debate in MMA, but Vtor Belffor turned it into something closer to a spectacle, and his past really didn't help the case. A failed drug test in 2006 hung over him and it was the kind of mark that would usually make getting approval for testosterone use in stricter places like Nevada highly unlikely. But there was a way around it as MMA was not governed evenly everywhere and fighting in regions with looser oversight offered a convenient alternative for the ever growing hulking mass. So where we going? Yep, charter that plane to Toronto. Because when he stepped in to face Jon Jones on short notice in 2012, the difference was hard to ignore. Later revelations suggested his testosterone levels were not just elevated, but pushing well beyond what most people would consider normal. In a document that was accidentally forwarded to a host of UFC contacts, it showed that Vtor's levels were two and a half times above the average man for his age. Just absolutely raging. And still, he fought almost snapping Jon Jones's arm in the process. It's an incredible fight that Jon Jones miraculously won. make a guess about how he did it under his own circumstances. &gt;&gt; Uh, next question, please. Thank you. &gt;&gt; So, following the loss, what do you do with high elevated testosterone? Yeah, he returned to Brazil and to the middleweight division where he went on a tear in 2013. Three fights, three emphatic knockouts, each one reinforcing the image of a fighter who seemed physically transformed. He was less like a veteran on the back end of his career and more like something out of a freaking comic book. Take that Bisping in your stupid eye. Take that Luke Lockhold in your stupid face. And take that Henderson with your Hall of Fame career, you bastard. Not sure if we can use that Luke. It's up to you. But according to a dead spin article by Josh Gross, the UFC was also in full support of it, alleging that other fighters had been informed by doctors working with the UFC or unaffiliated anti-aging specialists that TRT would be suitable to address such problems as low energy. Low energy. If you got low energy, mate, get on that TRT. And the UFC generally kept tabs on fighter use. &gt;&gt; TRT is legal and Vtor Belelfoot was tested leading all the way up to that fight. He was tested during the fight and we're waiting for those results to come back and I'm positive he's going to be fine. &gt;&gt; But the more dominant he looked and the more eyes he knocked out of sockets, the louder the questions became. His TRT use drew increasing scrutiny and so did the UFC's apparent willingness to keep him competing in places where regulations were easier to navigate. So, it wasn't until an ESPN article by Mike Fish posted in February 2014 that everything came tumbling down, highlighting the exceptionally high number of MMA athletes with exemptions compared to like every other sport. The loophole the fighters were allegedly using to keep themselves competing at the highest levels late into their career had been exposed. Compared to the 15 MMA fighters with exemptions for TRT, the International Olympic Committee did not issue a single testosterone exemption for the 2012 London Olympics, which featured 5,892 male athletes. Major League Baseball had issued only six exemptions to athletes over the past six seasons, and the National Football League only had a handful that had been issued since 1990. And on top of all of that, no pro boxer is known to have had an exemption issued through a state athletic commission. And Nevada officials said they have never even received an application. So unable to keep on top of it with calls from the Association of Ringside Physicians, a mere 5 days later, the Nevada State Athletic Commission banned testosterone replacement therapy from combat sports entirely, suggesting other commissions do the same. Unsurprisingly, the very same day with absolute Hawkeyes on that commission room, Vtor Belelfford announced that he would be withdrawing from his scheduled middleweight title bout with Chris Weidman at UFC 173, saying the Nevada State Athletic Commission recently altered its policy and no longer will permit testosterone use exemptions and will not permit a TRT program. As other jurisdictions may follow suit, I'm going to drop my TRT program and compete in MMA without it. And given the time constraints involved between now and my proposed next bout in May, I've determined not to apply for a license to fight in Nevada at this time. Celebrating the decision of the Nevada State Athletic Commission, Dana White gave a fiery speech condemning the treatment as cheating, pleased to finally be rid of the constant questioning. &gt;&gt; There's a loophole that was there. Now it's gone. I've been talking about it non-stop that it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and it should go away. I don't care if you need that stuff to to perform and compete. you probably shouldn't perform or compete anymore. I could care less if TRT goes away. &gt;&gt; And just like that, TRT was a conversational topic of the past. Yet, Vtor Belfford ruined it for everyone. Imagine if we had a resurgence of a Forest Griffin on TRT and he just went on to win the belt again. How awesome would that be? But no, VTO ruined it. He ruined it for everyone. But also, let's loop back to those 2010 classics because I mean unrelated of course, Kane Velasquez would go on to lose his UFC heavyweight belt in an uncharacteristically drained fight against Fabricio Vee following a statement from Ben Rothwell that fueled speculation. Hey, I'm just, you know, nothing nothing saying nothing here. And George St. dominating the welterweight division of course would take a hiatus in late 2013 following constant jabs from fellow competitors BJ Penn and Nick Diaz. So sure the old stars were on their way out but amid the terror a new era would emerge setting the UFC on a titanic upwards trajectory and rendering the era of TRT as a mere footnote in the fascinating but complicated history of MMA. But what isn't a footnote is a man I know to be heavily into the TRT scene. And that's the man who's edited this video, Luke Taylor. My goodness, look at those sweet rippling guns. Go check out his YouTube channel, Charlie and Luke, for insightful gaming commentary and more. And also make sure to like and subscribe and comment about how much TRT you're on and where I can buy some. Join our membership program for a behind-the-scenes look at Tommy Tohold crafting the best of the best content. Sir, peace and love, baby. Good to be back. See you on the next one.