Kind: captions Language: en I think a question I've heard many fans ask over the years has always been, aside from the champions who are always recognized for what they've achieved, who are some of the best UFC fighters that never won the title? We took a look through UFC history at our old videos, which we frankly didn't actually agree with ourselves from like 7 years ago. And just so we're clear what we're judging them on for the purposes of this video, these fighters beat everyone not named the champion, who for the longest time was defeating other challengers in the division. and holding the number one spot. If you're smart, you might already be thinking of guys like Rory McDonald or Gaygard Mousasi. Well, for the purposes of this video, they are good examples of other fighters that did very well but didn't stick around long enough in the UFC at the top of their divisions. So, that being said, here we go. I'm Bailey from MMA on Point and we are talking about the best fighters to never win a UFC title. Number 10, Yoel Romero. Just looking at this guy, you could convince someone who doesn't watch the UFC that this dude is the best fighter in the world, right? He was an ex-Olympic wrestler with an iron rotar physique, offering sledgehammers for hands and insane durability. &gt;&gt; When I was punching and kicking him, he felt like metal, like like a dude made out of concrete. It was ridiculous. &gt;&gt; Dismantling people right from the get-go. He got four KOs in his first five UFC fights that included Derek Bronson and Tim Kennedy. Then he absolutely flatlined Leoto Machida, who'd been a former world champion. Way more impressive though was his KO of Chris Weidman on the humongous UFC 205 and he flying knee obliterates the former champion Romero. I mean he is just pouring blood here as he sits up. &gt;&gt; That right there put him at the very top of the division. He then fights for the belt against Robert Whitaker. It's a close fight. He injures Rob's leg, takes him down a bunch. It's very competitive, but he loses a decision after that though. Yoel, he's basically the number one contender in the division for ages. Taking on Luke Rockold, he KO's another former champion. He did missweight by two and a half pounds. Otherwise, he would have been given an inram title that night. &gt;&gt; I'm just worried this will become a pattern. &gt;&gt; And from here, I mean, regardless of the fact he loses his next three fights, just looking at the strength of his performances and how competitive he was, he arguably beat Robert Whitaker in the rematch where he dropped him two times. I mean, many media outlets had him winning and he could have been crowned champ that night. The loss to Paulo Costa was a super close barn burner. He ended up getting a shot at Adisagna anyway in a well, let's face it, quite boring fight, but I mean, arguably again, he could also have won. What you do need to know is for the best part of four years, Romero held his spot as the most scary and dangerous dude in the division without a UFC title. &gt;&gt; Everything is possible in your life when you believe. &gt;&gt; Go and take whatever you wanted me. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm getting tingles. Wow. Number nine, Alistair Overim. If you look at what he managed to achieve before he even signed a UFC contract, Overim is one of the most decorated and possibly juiced heavyweights ever. And in this period of time, he was one of the best heavyweights without a UFC title. &gt;&gt; If they kept the testing that way, he might have been the heavyweight champion. He might have stayed the heavyweight champion, too. I mean, he was hard to handle. How would he do in the UFC? Well, he came in with three championship belts and just absolutely crippled the former UFC champion at the time, Brock Lesnar. He has a ton of fans thinking, "This guy is the future. He's the kickboxing terminator. He's He's what? He's on steroids." I mean, maybe probably he tested positive and he lost his UFC title shot. And after that, Overim, he starts losing in the UFC as well. But hey, I mean, if you want to go there, alternative reality for a second. Perhaps he never gets tested. Perhaps he goes in there in Yuri Boyer's JDS. Who knows? But overim loses a bunch. But then there was this resurrection period kicking off with a KO of Stefon Stru. Overim then would beat Roy Nelson. TKO JDS, the guy he was supposed to fight for the UFC title years before this, and then also TKO Arloski. It was a four-fight win streak that made him the number one contender again. And he got a shot at Steep Aocic. and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Do you remember when he dropped him in the first 60 seconds? &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Neoic in huge trouble. &gt;&gt; No, he's not. &gt;&gt; He lost that fight. But over him from there, he keeps beating these top contenders in the division. He takes out Mark Hunt, who was on a good streak, and then fights for Doom, the former champ. Beats him, becoming the only man to do so, apart from Stipe in the last eight years. Point is, this kept Overim at the top of the heavyweight division. Still as a number one contender. He literally got another title eliminator, but you know, against Inanu and got KO'ed. Overim had many years in his career though where he was the best guy around without a UFC title around his waist and is one of the best and longest tenur UFC heavyweights to never win one. Number eight, Dustin Porier. I get that for many of you, Dustin is one of the best to never win a belt 100%. But this list is seriously competitive. It took us a while to narrow down and hopefully it makes sense as we go through. I mean, you can let me know in the comments down below. Joining the UFC is basically this kid from an MMA documentary. You wonder if a bit Dustin was destined for greatness or if it was, you know, thrust upon him. But wins over a number one contender Josh Grisby in his UFC debut as well as a sub of the night over Max Holay show Dustin early had this greater potential. It's not until he's a lightweight though that he becomes a title threat. He fights and beats the former champion Anthony Pettis. He went to war with Justin Gatey and won and then he took out the former champ Eddie Alvarez. All that put him in a high-profile spot to once again meet Max Holay for the interim title. This time Max was on a 13 fight win streak and Dustin took home that belt and in the process became the number one guy in the division apart from you know the actual champion Habib who when they fought Dustin just couldn't compete under the chin. There's the top man 28 and0. Still back then though, he goes nowhere. Continues this period of dominance in the division, just beating back contenders like Dan Hooker in total 25minute wars. And then after that, people were asking him if he wanted the title fight, but he literally chose instead to take the money and fight Conor McGregor. &gt;&gt; Oh, knock out Conor McGregor. &gt;&gt; Ultimately, Dustin goes on to lose to Olivea and then in fact lose again to Islam Mahachev in another UFC title shot. But if you look at what Porier did through that five-year period, I mean, he just beat everyone apart from the champions. Heart, finishing ability, boxing skill, off the charts, iconic lightweight for a long time. Number seven, Justin Gate. Okay, I'm going to be honest, like these last two are kind of interchangeable. I'll leave it up to you. The World Series of Fighting version of Justin Gatechi was absolute hell on wheels, but when he got to the UFC after a few losses to Dustin and Eddie, then he got on this great win streak. He took out Vic Barbosa Cerrone. It was impressive. Like an assurance. Okay, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This guy is actually a problem. Then it became apparent the goddamn MMA Looms of Fate or something weren't going to let Tony Ferguson fight Habib for the UFC title. So Justin Gatei was the man to go head-to-head with the other guy considered number one, Tony Ferguson and his 12ight win streak. &gt;&gt; Tony's hurt. He's hurt real hurt. Oh, he's hurt bad. They're going to stop the fight. &gt;&gt; After a clattering and five rounds of pain, Gachi was strapped up as the interim champ. He's a number one guy. gets a title fight and he loses. Hhabib's grappling he just had zero answer for. Still though, Justin never disappears from the title conversation. He beats Michael Charer, who's still the number one contender to Charles Olivera, and gets another title shot. He loses again. And then you kind of look around and go, "Well, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What do you do with him now?" They gave him the next rising star in the division, Faze, on a sixight win streak. Gachi wins that. Give him the number two guy, Dustin Porier, for the BMF. Gate ended with a head kick in just two rounds. Justin KC and kicks Dustin Puri into the stratosphere. &gt;&gt; His striking was a nightmare for anyone and for years it was arguably the best in the division. I mean, all the champs had to take him down. Regardless of a UFC title or not, Justin Gachi is one of a kind, man. Number six, John Fitch. You know, John Fitch went from this fighter that fans didn't like towards the end cuz he was too good at taking guys down to almost an underground hero for a guy that for nine years nine years only ever lost to one man, the UFC champion. Fitch's journey started way back in 2005 where he was just this whirlwind of offense and takedowns. After finishing Thiago Alves, he graduated to UFC pay-per-views. This first UFC run, an eightight win streak, he was picking up submission wins, finishes. He was 19 and2 by the time he had nowhere else to go but to the title with GSP. George, he's the best in the world. He's the best out there. St. Pier is it. So, you know, I got what I asked for. &gt;&gt; The odds were actually much closer than George's last couple of fights, but he ended up handling Fitch pretty easily. Kind of tough when you get so dominated by the champ. Like, if you do enough to get another title shot, will they actually give you one? &gt;&gt; I think I've made the changes I need to. I I feel I'm ready for a title shot. &gt;&gt; Well, the answer is no. When it comes to John Fitch, he spends another 3 years going unbeaten and never gets another title shot. Yeah. 13-1 across six years in the UFC, beating guys like Thiago Alves twice until he ended up eventually losing. &gt;&gt; Now, a similar situation to Fitch was Kobby Coington. He obviously actually got multiple title shots instead. After losing to Usman in his first shot, he stayed at the top of the division for almost Kamaru's entire title reign. He continually got these title shots. Not as long as Fitch's dominance, but Cington wasn't beaten by anyone but the champ for a long time. Number five, Tony Ferguson. Okay, so why is Tony Ferguson above someone like Gachi that beat him? Well, it's because, in case you forgot, Odd just weren't around to see. What about those seven years where El Coule just went sleepy hollow on the whole lightweight division? Yeah, I think 12 wins. It was after the first six and his battering of the former Strikeforce lightweight champ Thompson, Tony just had everyone's attention and then it was destruction after destruction. Barbosa, Vanata, the RDA 25minute masterpiece of a performance at altitude in Mexico City. Just incredible over the former champ of that division as well. Then he finishes Kevin Lee in round three gets the inrum title, right? And at that point is two dudes, Habib or Tony. In fact, it was all about them for nearly 3 years that division. The fight was booked five times. Five times it fell apart. And during that time, Tony injured his knee tripping over a cable. So he got stripped of his inram title. Didn't actually lose it. So he went on to slice up Anthony Pettis, just batter Donald Cerrone. And at that point, it had been nearly three years since Tony won the interim title. That whole time he may have been the very best in the world. Ultimately though, of course, he lost to Justin Gai. But you know, Tony Ferguson was already 36 when that fight happened. Justin was just 31. I mean, how long had Tony already been in his prime for? I mean, put it this way. That fight with Justin, Tony was fighting for his second interim title without even losing his belt the first time. &gt;&gt; This has got 10 fights in a row. You guys realize that this has got time, energy, sweat, blood invested into it. &gt;&gt; Elui, his skill set, unbelievable performances and finishing ability, durability, incredibility. That's not even a word. Point is, Tony is one of the best to never win the official belt. Number four, Uriah Faber. For years, you could have said the only reason some fans knew or even heard about the featherweight division at all was because of Uriah Faber. He was a champ in the WC, basically built that division, fought in all the big fights. when he lost his title there, he was still going around taking out other contenders as the second biggest problem. When Faber gets to the UFC, it's almost like a repeat of the same thing. At first, he's clearly the number one contender, but can't get the decision in a close fight with Dominic Cruz. &gt;&gt; Right after the fight, the doctor asked me how I feel and I said, I feel great and now I feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; He takes out another top contender in Brian BS, who'd only ever lost to Cruz himself, gets another title shot, but this time it's against Hen. And once again, he falls short against the champ. But then there's this whole period here from 2012 to 2015 where in the UFC, Uriah Faber has the number one spot. He beats everyone but the champ. And not only that, Faber was out there finishing these guys as well. Sometimes early, including subbing number three ranked Michael McDonald before another title shot and a rematch with Bar. The main point with Faber is though across 5 years he managed to fight for the UFC belt four times. But you want to talk crazy statistics. For 11 years his only losses were to champions. He always seemed like he was levels above everyone else. crazy strength, scrambling ability, deadly neck squeeze, but he could just never beat the UFC champ. Number three, Joseph Benvdz. An extremely fast and scrappy flyweight submission specialist with heavy hands. I like to think that for as consistent as Mighty Mouse was in his performances defending the UFC title, Joe Benvdz was just as consistent defending his number one contender spot in the WC. At first, Joe had the same problem as Favor. For three years, he beat everyone in the division. Jeff Curran, Honey, Yaya, Miguel Torres, everyone but Dominic Cruz, who he fought twice and also lost to twice. Then we get to his UFC run. Threeight win streak makes him the number one contender against Demetrius Johnson. He gives him an incredibly tough fight. It's a close split decision for the inaugural belt. Seems like a future rivalry is born and then he goes on this rampage through the division in revenge. &gt;&gt; We have to fight again, you know, and as a champion, you just have to fight the best guy. And if that's me, then uh we got to do it again. &gt;&gt; He just refuses to lose. And inside of two years, he's booked in a rematch with DJ. But this time though, he gets flatlined in the first round. &gt;&gt; It's all over. &gt;&gt; Best I ever felt. Worst result I've ever had in my life. If that's not motivation to train, I don't know what is. &gt;&gt; And kind of like John Fitch, he's forced to the sidelines. Well, for years. Seven years in fact. Yeah. That and 10 wins including Alibagotino, Henry Cejudo. Well, also a close split loss to Sergio Pettis as well. But Benz was absolutely undeniable as one of the best the division has ever seen. When DJ left, it felt like he automatically was going to be the new champ. But then Figgy came along and crushed those dreams. &gt;&gt; He's out. Davidson Figaredo is the new flyweight champion. &gt;&gt; At that point though, Joe had been at the very top of the division for years, beating contenders of all styles across multiple generations from 2009 to 2019. I've been in that top two three for I don't know 11 years at two weight classes. &gt;&gt; Number two, Antonio Rodrigo Noggera. We're not just talking about one era of dominance. This man was world class for a decade. He even competed in the early rings tournaments. He came second in 1999 and then in 2000 won the whole tournament as an 11 and1 fighter. This massive achievement just propelled him for years to come. From there it was on to Pride where he won 22 fights. Nog just beat everybody. Mark Coleman, Dan Henderson, Rico Rodriguez, Crowop, the list is pretty much endless. He beat all of them apart from Fedor Ailionenko. They met three times and Big Knob was never able to find the W. But at the time, the UFC's heavyweight division was nothing compared to Prides. And yes, so for those six years and 22 wins, he was basically the second best in the world. But what set Nog apart from the other Pride heavyweights was his success in the UFC. He fought the guy that had been champ during his pride days, Tim Sylvia, and tapped him with a ghillie to win intram gold, proving he was good enough to be UFC champ this whole time. Although he'd lose that intram belt to Frank Mir, Nog went toe-to-toe with the former champ in a battle for the ages. A fight of the year and an amazing win to keep him at the top. It really is kind of incredible that he never managed to pick up UFC gold. Honor the legend Nggera. He was one of the most accomplished, skilled, and decorated fighters to never claim undisputed gold. All right, so honorable mentions. Firstly, guys like Crocop or Vandy from Pride really struggled in the UFC. Although they were all-time greats, you know, they were also losing in their own organizations around the time they came over. We were looking at overall dominance for this video. Chad Mendes, he beat everyone not named Jose Aldo pretty much. Brian Ortega stayed relevant at the top of the division for a long time. Jonnen, although he never had a lot of sustained dominance. Pedro Hizo was one of the best heavyweights back in the day, almost won the belt three times. Jacare Souza, incredible martial artist. Most thought he'd win the belt someday. Gray Maynard, super close title fights against the champ. Alexander Gustafson, awesome fighter, but did lose to both champs of his era kind of makes him third best. Donald Cerrone, just for his finishes and win streaks over the years. Jake Shields, you know, he won loads of world titles outside the UFC across different promotions, but inside the UFC, well, he didn't do that well. And obviously, he also popped for peeds and had a few losses. And number one, Dan Henderson. You know, this was a hard list to narrow down, but finding number one, not hard at all. First and foremost, as far as I'm concerned, way back in 1998, the former Olympic wrestler Dan Henderson effectively won a UFC title when he won UFC 17's one night tournament. Obviously, the title of champion then was just a single night honor, but he was the best in the world for sure. I mean, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he backed it up. He was the guy who beat Big Nog in the 1999 rings tournament final. Dan, though, had a bit of a rocky start in pride. He lost a couple of fights, but by the end of his run there, he achieved something no one in the sport had ever done. Developing insane KO power, Henderson won the welterweight title, sleeping Rio Chonan and Akihiro Gono before beating the former UFC champion Milo Bamonte and then incredibly ended the reign of Vanderlay Silva in devastating KO fashion, claiming two titles in pride, the first champ in MMA history. &gt;&gt; I just want to say thank you guys. &gt;&gt; Of course, the achievements only got more legendary from there. in the UFC. After failing to win the belt, he makes himself the number one contender again, KOing Bisping at UFC 100. And then he leaves and goes to Strike Force instead, where he wins another world title upper weight class, all before KOing the legend Fedor Ameiliao in a shocking 60 seconds of chaos. Stop it. Stop it, Henderson. &gt;&gt; And then somehow follows that up with still perhaps the greatest UFC fight of all time against Shogun Ha, the former UFC champ that he wins. That was a number one contender fight at the time and it showed Henderson was still the number one contender. He was now 14 years into his career and Henderson still continued to compete at the top of the division. He was kind of given another title fight in 2016, 18 years after he won his first UFC tournament and he nearly bloody KO'ed the champ Bisping in that one as well. Dan Henderson for almost two decades was among the elite fighters of the world. Poundforpound, he set records with his achievements, things most UFC champs will never do. But that sadly was one thing he could never win himself. There's no way we weren't going to put Dan Henderson number one. Okay? And if you didn't know that that you don't know this channel, bro, if you have any complaints, yeah, direct them to the comments box down below. That's totally fine. Big thank you to Max Randall. Max, thank you so much for editing the video, bro. Check him out here, guys. Give him a follow. Say thank you. All of you Hall of Famers out there, by the way. Thank you very much for going the extra mile and supporting the channel. We know you love the writers meetings. Early access to the videos. Yeah, you guys didn't know about that, did you? If you want to join them, click the button down below, have a look, become a member, see what it's all about. Anyway, I've been Bailey. Thank you very much for watching this one, guys. Okay, we'll see you in the next one. Peace. [Music]