Kind: captions Language: en Sometimes you just got to cut a man loose, said Denzel Washington in Remember the Titans, the greatest sports movie ever. Well, somebody should have told the UFC because there are absolutely some fighters that they simply could not let go of, even though they absolutely should have. And while some of these you can kind of justify, others just make no sense. So, let's teach the UFC how to let go by walking through the times that they couldn't. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point, and these are fighters the UFC refused to fire. Now, what better way to organize these fighters than by the amount of days between their last victory and their final fight in the UFC. Sounds fun, right? And the least amount of days was Tito Ortiz with 371. Yes, we're kicking things off with a true legend of the sport, the only fighter in this video that was merely on a three-ight losing streak when he was finally let go. But context absolutely matters. While Ortiz's guillotine finish of Ryan Bader in the first round was an impressive victory, this was right after Bader had lost his title opportunity to Jon Jones, and he was not yet the easiest fight in the division. It was the puncher's chance of subs, the ghillie. And otherwise, Ortiz had a single victory in his last nine fights, going all the way back six full years to when he lost the light heavyweight title to Chuck. But he helped build the UFC. And despite his rocky relationship with Dana, he was popular and worth having on the roster. But things were grim. Leota Machita, Forest Griffin, Matt Hamill, Rashad Evans. Even though that fight was a strong showing before he was KO'ed, all losses during this period. When Hajirio Noggera KOed Ortiz in the first round, it was Tito who made the decision to retire with one final fight, a trilogy bout with Forest Griffin that he would lose. Of course, Tito would be back in the fight game a year later, signing with Bellator. The fact the UFC didn't fight to keep him though, is telling. Andre Arloski 791 days. If you'd told me in 2008 when former heavyweight champion Andre Arlovski first left the UFC, that he'd be fighting for the promotion in 2024, I'd have laughed at your stupid face because 2024 is the future. What is he fighting? robots. The pitbull would have quite the odyssey after his first UFC tenure, getting KO'ed mid jump by Fedor, losing entirely in Strikeforce, soccer kicking Tim Sylvia in one, and getting his jaw Jake Paul by Rumble Johnson in WSOF. Despite that though, from 2011 to 2014, he won six of eight and would find himself back in the octagon trademark. Arlovski would go on a tear too and end up in a title eliminator with Stipe Mia, where he'd be KO'ed IN 54 SECONDS. &gt;&gt; WHAT THE [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] THIS WOULD BE THE START OF A FIVEIGHT LOSING streak with four finishes that one would think would have been the end for the returning heavyweight. But heavyweight was so thin his next opponent was Junior Albini. So Arlovski got to stick around and go a respectable 9 and five over the next 5 years just kind of existing without real purpose beyond being a body. A fouright skid would see his end however after that. Not because the UFC cut him. He chose not to resign otherwise he'd have been fighting on the prelims of UFC 400 probably. Chris Leeben 910 days. Here's a situation where I genuinely believe the UFC was keeping Chris Leeban around so he didn't end up dead. Of course, Chris was from the first beloved season of Tough, a whole group that Dana had a very close connection to. And with Leeben, he was the star of so many of those early fight night cards. But as time progressed, Chris's substance abuse problems began to escalate. Following his 27-second KO victory over Vanderlay Silva, Leeben would lose to Mark Munoz and test positive for painkillers afterwards and be suspended for a year. When he came back, by his own admission, Leven was still badly abusing substances and would lose his next three after returning, essentially quitting the fight and the sport after the first round of his bout with Uriah Hall. I do think the UFC would have kept Leven around had he not chosen to retire, but this is an instance where it was probably out of concern more than anything. Cynthia Calvio, 1,029 days. The UFC saw a great deal in Cynthia Calvo. She was going to be the Mexican heritage Ronda Rousey. You know, the UFC loves trying to corner that market. Lots of pesos. First time I ever met Conor McGregor, I called Lorenzo and I said, "Man, I don't know if this guy can fight, but if he can even throw a punch, he's going to be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rock star." Ronda Rousey, I had a 45minute meeting with her and decided to do women's MMA. And uh I feel pretty strongly about this one, too. &gt;&gt; She would debut on the main card of a pay-per-view, which is not normal. And initially, Cynthia was kicking ass, winning six of eight, drawing with Marina Rodriguez, and only losing to the place all hype goes to die, Carla Esparza. But then the bad times settled in. The fiveight losing streak over the course of three years. You'd have thought back-to-back TKO losses to Jessica Andraj and Andrea Lee three fights into this streak would have meant curtains. But two split decision losses later to Nina Nunez and Lupito Godz, the UFC finally said goodbye and then immediately tried to resign her. I'm not kidding. She was scheduled for another fight later that year after her release, but backed out of it. And then 6 months later again, they tried to give her a fight and this time she accepted but missed weight by 3 lbs. The fight got cancelled and the UFC finally decided that Mexican Ronda Rousey wasn't happening. Hen and Barrow 1148 days of everybody we talk about today. I cannot for the life of me figure out why the UFC wanted to keep Hen and Barrow around. It's true that former champions get a bit more leeway than the regular roster. But I think given the circumstances that would have been the exception to that trend. I mean when he botched that main event fight with Dillashaw when he passed out cutting weight, the UFC threw him completely under the bus. This is very disappointing and and very embarrassing. You really think the UFC is going to forgive this man for making Joe Sodto a pay-per-view headliner? And it wasn't just the losses because there were definitely those. Brow would lose seven of his last eight fights with the promotion, but he also missed weight or had weight related issues in three separate fights during that losing streak. I mean, just a whole ass mess and an eventual five-fight losing streak before getting released. Finally, his final bout with a return to featherweight where he got uded by Douglas Silva Deontra. So, you could argue that he got that fifth fight because he chose to change weight classes, but I mean, how many last chances are you going to give a guy? Donald Cerrone, 1155 days. Cowboy falls into a unique category. Company man who will fill any card anytime he's asked that fans love because he puts on exciting fights generally whether he wins or loses. Meaning, he was one of those guys that probably could have lost 10 in a row and they'd have kept giving him fights. The only way you get stopped is if you're one of Dana's boys and he starts worrying about your long-term health. One would think after getting stopped by Tony Ferguson, Justin Gatey, and Conor McGregor back to back to back that worry would have began to set in. When Cowboy got UD by Anthony Pettis next, for most that would have been curtains. But for someone like Cerrone, that just means lesser but exciting matchups like Nico Price, who he drew with. When Donald got finished by late replacement Alex Morano the next year, extending that winless streak for six in a row. That absolutely would have meant pink slips for nearly the entire roster. And yet, for the next year, two failed bouts with Joe Lozan were scheduled. And finally, Cerrone would be given a short-noted fight with Jim Miller that he took, got choked, then did what the UFC was unwilling to do themselves, and put himself out to pasture. Takenori, 1345 days. I think when Dana is a fan of a fighter, he really gives them the benefit of the doubt. Because as beloved as Takanori was, he had absolutely no business fighting in the UFC as long as he did. There was really only one highlight in Gi's UFC run, that was KOing Tyson Griffin when he'd never been knocked out before. Beyond that, besides a pair of fight of the nights, Takadori's run was very underwhelming given his status in Japan. Every big high-profile fight, he lost. Kenny Florian, Klay Guida, Nate Diaz, Diego Sanchez, and then after sort of puttering along with a four and four record, Goi would go on a fiveight losing streak where he got finished in the first round five times in a row. If you lose two in a row in the first round, you might get your walking papers in the UFC. Five straight first round losses. The guy was a legend, but even legends have limits. Michelle Wat 1386 days. Being popular is important in mixed martial arts. It's even more important when you struggle to get into that upper echelon of the division, but you'd like to stick around for a while. Everybody loved Michelle Wat Gomez. I was a massive fan of hers in Invicta. Her fight with Jessica Pen for the Adam Way title was a classic. But in the UFC, the Karate Hottie would start hot, beating Angela Magna and then PBZ back to back. But then she ran into Thug Rose and Tisha Torres and came up short. After stringing together three decent wins again she reached near the top of the division and fell short losing to Yana Champion and Carla Esparza. Waters Gomez headlined four different fight nights over her career and was the co-main on two others. Clearly the UFC was seeing metrics that said people wanted to watch Michelle fight. And that is the only justification I can see for allowing her five straight losses in a row before she herself retired. So maybe we would have gotten a sixth fight. They even gave her like the Robbie Lawler retirement video package in the cage. The UFC [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loved them some Michelle Wat Gomez. Ty to Iasa 1450 days. As of this writing, Ty Anthony to Ivasa is scheduled for a bout at UFC 325 18 whole months after his last fight. Now, apparently he's got some visible abs. [Laughter] You serious? Been working hard. That's great. But this fight will be 1450 days since his last victory. Five straight losses in a row. Four of those were finishes. After the initial threeight skid, Tuibasa still headlined a fight night against Martin Tyora. Most fighters would get the axe after three straight that were all finishes. But we all know the deal here. Tai is a big time fan favorite. His style is modern-day Tank Abbott, and he does a fun thing with a shoe after fights that people will like. I guess he's a very agreeable fella. Seems like a nice dude. Then factor into that that the heavyweight division is thinner than Christian Bale in the machinist right now. And yeah, you got Tai going for a sixth fight on pay-per-view after losing 4 years straight. Sam Alvie, 1527 days. This is probably the guy that came to mind when you clicked on this video. It became a meme. Anytime anybody that was pretty solid upper tier got their walking papers that maybe felt a bit unwarranted, people be posting a picture of old smiling Sam smoking a big old stogy, grinning from ear to ear. Another one bites the dust, but Sam keeps on kicking. And yeah, there's legitimately no possible way to justify nine straight fights without a victory in the UFC and remaining on the roster. Now, let's not bash this guy completely, okay? He did have a few decent wins. He beat Dan Kelly when he was still undefeated. He beat very latestage Rashad Evans and Nate Markort, but that doesn't exactly scream let the guy keep fighting even though he hasn't won in nine fights. But Alvi had a few things going for him. He was the definition of a company man through and through. I imagine he was a pretty cheap option for putting a body on a card in a fairly fan-friendly style. And in the era he had that losing streak, the UFC needed bodies to fill cards, and they could always count on Smile and Sam. Hector Lumbard, 1652 days. One thing that is known about Lumbard's initial UFC contract is that they were paying this man a pretty penny to steal him from Bellator. At the time, he was on a 25ight unbeaten streak and considered one of the best fighters outside the UFC. In addition to a $400,000 signing bonus, Lombard was reportedly paid $300,000 per bout. And the dude struggled right out of the gate. Loses his debut to Tim Bosch, moves to welterweight after getting beat by Yush Nokami. Then he beats Nate Markhort and Jake Shields. Solid wins, but after his fight with Josh Burkeman, he pops for being too juicy and spends over a year on the shelf. Then he loses six fights in a row. And he was finished in three of those bouts. One of them he lost via DQ for strikes after the horn. And that was the fifth loss in that sequence. So the UFC looked at all that crazy pay at least early on a big drug fail, five-fight losing streak, a DQ loss, and said, "You know what? Let's give him one more try." After his loss to Talis latest, Lumbard's contract was not renewed. Rashad Evans 1666 days. Okay, two factors here. One, Dana loved him some early tough standouts. You couldn't get him to part ways with hardly any of them over the years. And the other factor is that Evans did the thing that kind of resets your loss count sometimes. He changed weight classes. If you are an established name and you go to a new weight class for the first time, that's huge. That's a refresh. And that's exactly what Evans did after dropping backto-back fights to Ryan Bader and Glover Terara. Rashad moved down to middleweight for the first time in his career. A move that many felt he should have done all along because he was always a bit undized at 205. And people were excited he looked like a million bucks at that weight. But he sure didn't fight like it unfortunately. his debut a loss to Dan Kelly after Dan Kelly had already lost to Sam Albby. Then he actually lost to Sam Alvi. Now neither of those were knockout losses. If they were, I do think the UFC would have signed the pink slip. But then Evans did the weight switch again. Boom. I'm back up to 205. All right, let's give him one more try. When Anthony Smith KO'ed him in 53 seconds with a brutal knee, that was it. Rashad retired, at least temporarily, and was inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame. I suspect that was his last fight anyway, but they let him go out. gracefully. Tony Ferguson, 1883 days. Yep, it's time for the really sad one. The decline of Tony Ferguson was brutal to witness. But of everyone that's come up so far, while it is absurd that the UFC would let this man lose eight fights in a row, I got why it was hard to let him go. And to the UFC's credit just a little bit, they did keep deescalating the types of opponents that he would face, I think, as best as they could. After losing that interim title fight to Justin Gatechi, which snapped his epic 12-ight win streak that gave him claim to arguably the best lightweight in the world for a time, he would get uded by Charles Olivera, a follow-up that fit with Ferguson's position at the top of the division. Still, Benil Darouch, another one that felt fitting, another UD loss. Then we get the Michael Chandler fight. Exciting, could be fun, also felt pretty appropriate, but he gets that brutal front kick KO. And then things start feeling kind of bad. Now, don't get me wrong, we were relieved when Nate Diaz avoided certain destruction against Hamzot and fought Tony next, who was meant to fight Li Jang Leong, so that was fine because he was still there and whatever. We just have to have him fight, I guess. King Green also felt kind of okay as a matchup choice, but he would put him to sleep. And I'm not saying at this point we weren't feeling concerned about all of this. We were I think everybody wanted it to stop, but at least it seemed like the UFC was too, just not enough to have the courage to let him go. when he lost to Patty with David Gogggins in his corner, things were starting to get pretty weird. And then the mic about would cement Tony as having the longest losing streak in UFC history, which would finally be the end of everything. Somebody get me a drink. Jeremy Stevens, 2,625 days. Being the hardest hitting 145 in the division comes with some perks. Okay, the UFC has had a deep, deep love for Jeremy Stevens since forever. And my god, did they let that turn into a wild run of losses without this guy getting the can. And even weirder, a return after that, which made no sense, but we'll get there. Stevens entered the UFC in 2007, and he has had some legitimately solid victories and moments. Six fight of the night bonuses, four more for KOs. He knocked out RDA, Dennis Bermudez, he beat Hen, Gil Melendez, Duho Choy, he KO Josh Emtt. Over 11 years, Stevens would go 15 and 13, so over 500. Not bad. But then Jeremy would go six fights straight without a single victory in the promotion. Granted, one of those was an I poked no contest right at the start of the fight, but five losses in a row is still fairly unusual for the UFC. He's not a former champion or anything. He would get finished in three of those five losses. And after 15 years, the UFC finally let Stevens go. But then randomly just last year, Jeremy somehow returned to the UFC for one more loss against Mason Jones, tying him with Klay Guida for the most losses in UFC history. Maybe they just wanted him to have the record. Anderson Silva 2940 days. Now, you might have heard me say that number of days and thought, "Wait a second, Tommy. Anderson Silva beat Derrick Brunson just a few years before he retired." Well, I'm not counting that one because the vast majority of us think the judges got it wrong. I'm not counting the terrible Nick Diaz fight because that got overturned as well. Honestly, we shouldn't count the Stephan Bonner victory either, but I'm going to. After that, the Spider would famously lose his title to Chris Weidman, break his leg to Chris Weidman, returned to Pop for alleged exotic dick pills against Diaz, then come back from all that and lose to Michael Bispine, which that once controversial. Ref did him dirty at least. Lost soundly to Daniel Cormier just to save that horrible 200 card. We already talked Brunson. They did a passing of the torch with Izzy that everybody knew he wouldn't win. Then we get into the really bad times. That should have been it. He was going seven years without a legitimate win. Seven straight fights. And after that, he's fighting Jared Canineer. Why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is Anderson Silva fighting Jared Cananeer? That is insane. He would get leg kick finished in the first round. Then that next Halloween, the UFC made a massive mistake and put Silva in a main event in the Apex against Uriah Hall. An ugly fight, an ugly TKO that would mark his final moments in the cage in front of nobody. BJ Penn 3,94 days. Even though we didn't rank these, we just ordered them by length of time. BJ Penn would have been number one. And Penn is a case where the UFC simply could not say no to this dude. He must be one charming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for the UFC to let him lose seven straight and have him scheduled for an eighth. Legend or not, nobody was wanting to see pretty much any of these after Rory Mack. So, let's run this down a bit. Has the fight of the night with Nick Diaz and loses and thinks he should retire. He was right. He doesn't though. Next, he gets destroyed to 15 minutes by rising star Rory Mack. That right there, that should have been the end. That should have been it. And it was for a year and a half until the UFC announced pin Edgar 3 after a season of tough as coaches. What in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] BJ looked downright ghostly and took a beating in that fight. Thank god we thought this is the end. And 2 and 1/2 years went by without us having to worry. And then the UFC did something that is borderline criminal. They put this man in there with Yayer Rodriguez who proceeded to kick Penn's head off like a soccer ball. It was absolutely brutal. At that point, we're done, right? Surely we're done. Show some mercy, please. No, we're not. Dennis Sver, you know what? That one's fine. That was the right level. Ryan Hall, stop it. Why? Why are we doing this? Then he fought Klaya. Sure, whatever. I guess the fact that they had this dude lined up for another bout before he got KO'ed IRL by some rando is something I will never be able to comprehend. Kind of like I can't comprehend the amazing ability of Luke Taylor, the editor of this video. Please follow him on his socials. Go check out his awesome YouTube channel. The man is a saint and a scholar. A huge thank you to our channel members. You're helping us kick the year off, right? Fight fans, don't be scared, homie. Hit the join button. Become a member as well. Highly recommended. Like and subscribe cuz I can do this all day and I do. Leave a comment about which of these baffled you the most or made you the saddest. And thank you so much for watching. Have a wonderful day. &gt;&gt; I play music and I smoke a little grass now and then.