Kind: captions Language: en on the biggest platform in the world, 325 plus million subscribers. This could very well be the most watched MMA card of all time. &gt;&gt; Ronda Rousey returning to the cage to fight Gina Carano on Netflix in 2026 is the biggest fight of 2013. But the things that Ronda Rousey is saying about her former employer couldn't be more relevant or truly more timeless. &gt;&gt; It used to be that UFC was the best place that you could come in combat sports to make a living and be paid fairly. And now it's one of the worst places to go. It's why so many of their top athletes are leaving to go and and find pay elsewhere. Francis Enanu, he's parted ways with the company. He's a free agent and he can fight wherever he wants. &gt;&gt; A lot of them at at the ground level, they can't even they can't support their families. They're living poverty level fighting full-time. There's no reason that they can't afford to pay their athletes at least a living wage and not even that to at least be able to match what these athletes are making at other sports. Why would they expect expect to get the best athletes? Why not go into football? Why not go into boxing? Why not go into anything else? And so they're they're bleeding talent be because of their short-term greed. They're thinking about the next quarter. They're thinking about the shareholders. And once they've moved into the streaming model, it's just not about putting on the best fights possible anymore. You know, Dana is legally beholden to the shareholders and to maximize shareholder value. It's barely recognizable now. &gt;&gt; Rousey absolutely cooking TKO was only compounded by the negative sentiment about Zufa Boxing recently, spending $15 million to sign a single boxer for a single fight that 90% of fans couldn't have named or identified visually outside the UK before last week. &gt;&gt; I don't even know who Connor B is. I don't know. &gt;&gt; He like supposedly is a big big pretty big name in boxing. I've never [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I never heard of him. &gt;&gt; To put Conor Bin's purse, one that's guaranteed without an opponent venue or date attached to it in perspective, another Connor McGregor had a disclosed purse for the most watched pay-per-view event in UFC history of $3 million, a fifth of what Ben makes, even if his next fight is seen by 10 people. Even adjusted for inflation, McGregor would have made 3.8 million in 2026 money. Now, we know that Connor has said he made $50 million from UFC 229. And while that number might be slightly exaggerated, for instance, Forbes claims the number is closer to 30, the larger point is that all that money came off the success of the event after the fact. Can you imagine the UFC ever guaranteeing Connor $15 million on the front end of an event before a single pay-per-view was sold? The only guaranteed purse we can verify that McGregor's ever made that has surpassed Benz is the one he got boxing Floyd Mayweather for a disclosed 30 million upfront. Speaking of boxing, the UFC's disgruntled and legally blind heavyweight champion just signed a talent representation deal with boxing promoter and Dana White rival Eddie Hearn. And already both parties are hitting the UFC pretty hard over their pay and contracts. &gt;&gt; Just with all the recent stuff that's coming out and the conversations that I've been having with Eddie and the team, I just realized that my earning potential is so much more than what I'm making in the UFC. When they were looking through my contract, they were just giggling. They just kept it was it was like I told them a joke or something. If a fighter was generating that much revenue into a show, they would be making five, six, seven times more than they're making in those UFC contracts. Tom Aspenol headlined the O2 Arena and and you know, he broke records for the gate at the O2 Arena. It was on pay-per-view in the UK. It was on, you know, ESPN at the time in America. He's making less money, probably half the amount of money that I would pay a guy to fight for the British title at York Beth Green in front of,200 people. The discourse over the UFC's less than stellar reputation for paying their fighters less than stellar wages comes at a bad time when the promotion just signed a $7.7 billion rights deal with Paramount for the next 7 years and are putting on a card for Donald Trump's birthday that Dana White estimates will cost the UFC $60 million. So, they're not exactly hurting for cash. Although, they'll likely cite economic downturn as a reason fighters need to just be grateful for what they're getting like they did after the 2008 financial crisis and during the Pandookski. what would end up being a record profit year for the promotion. &gt;&gt; We're in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pandemic and the world is going crazy right now and all these guys are like, "Well, I want more money, too. I want more money." &gt;&gt; And while a newer fan of the sport or perhaps outsiders who catch these stories because they've gotten large enough might see all this talk about fighter pay and the UFC's business model and think there's some kind of momentum being gathered towards change, they would be wrong. And I have the historical receipts. &gt;&gt; UFC's a big brand. &gt;&gt; They don't treat fighters like people. &gt;&gt; They don't. They treat them like cattle. It's a talent's job to understand what they're worth and to find out that worth and to define it and then to get that worth. The current outrage and attention focused on fighter pay is just a single iteration in an endless cycle that always ends the very same way. But to really drive home that point, I think you need to know the entire history of the UFC versus their fighters. The first real skirmish in this forever war took place when Dwayne Johnson himself, Mark Kerr, was offered six figures to compete in Japan for Pride FC. An outrageous number for 1997 and the kind of payday UFC ownership group SEG, which was drowning in debt and headed for bankruptcy due to near nationwide bans on cage fighting in the US, couldn't afford if they wanted to. But Kerr was under contract, scheduled for one more tournament after winning UFC 14 and 15. When SCG altered his contract's terms, Kerr used that as an opening to head for Japan, but was sued by SCG, eventually having to buy out his own contract to offboard from the sinking promotion. On the very card that Kerr was meant to fulfill his contract, Randy Couture won the UFC heavyweight title from Maurice Smith. While the title came with a new threeight deal, SCG went back on it immediately. They said, "Hey, we we can't afford to pay you what what we have on this contract." Uh they came back with a number that was, you know, a quarter of what the contract said they were supposed to pay me. And I said, "Look, I'm I'm ready to defend the title and fight Boss Rein or whoever else you want me to fight, but you're going to have to stick to the contract." &gt;&gt; SCG instead stripped Couture and the Siren Song of Japanese Promotions with Deep Pockets beckoned to Randy from across the sea, where he would compete for a cup of coffee before returning to the States. But the word was out that Japanese promotions had actual money for fighters and an exodus ensued. broke and on a losing streak. Former heavyweight champion Mark Coleman signed with Pride and even agreed to take a dive in his debut against Japanese star Noahiko Takata. Dan Henderson, Vanderlay Silva, and Vtor Belelffort all headed to Japan before the end of the Dark Ages. Don Fry came out of retirement to fight for Pride FC. Frank Shamrock, the UFC's greatest ever champion up to that point, pretended to retire at his peak to get a big payday fighting Sakuraba in the Tokyo Dome, a bout that would end up never taking place. Even after the UFC was purchased by Zufa and had two billionaires willing to put tens of millions of dollars into the promotion, they couldn't keep fighters away from Japan, mainly because most of that money was going towards building the UFC brand and not paying the fighters competitively. Meanwhile, Pride was throwing literal duffel bags of money at US stars. In 2002, Jensen Pulver, the first ever UFC lightweight champion, was stripped of his title and eventually landed in Japan when Zupa refused to upgrade his old SCG contract. He was making 11K to show and 11K to win despite three straight title victories over opponents who all got paid more than him. &gt;&gt; I wasn't asking for just a a ton of money. I just wanted to be the highest paid lightweight. I wanted to be I'm I was the guy. I'm the best lightweight on the planet. I'm definitely the best in the UFC. And I felt like and I said even by $5 that that's what I wanted to be. And like I said, it just it was a situation where, you know, we just didn't come to terms. And such is life. &gt;&gt; Such was life for Marillo Bamante, the second ever middleweight champion, that very same year when he fought out his contract following a title defense where he was forced to submit Matt Lynland twice because big John McCarthy missed the first finish like a pro wrestling referee. The UFC only offered a modest increase in pay, so Bamante contacted Pride, but they weren't interested because he was a current UFC champion. And when Bamante returned to the table with Zufa, he'd committed the sin of not accepting their first offer and the deal was now downgraded. Bamante walked and was stripped of his title, the second champion that year, and headed to Pride now that he was no longer entangled with the UFC. Merillo said his dispute with the promotion taught Zufa to never let a champion fight out their contract. A lesson that led to the champion's clause, which stated that for every title fight victory, your contract was automatically extended by three fights or one year. Meaning if you kept winning championship bouts, your contract lasted as long as the UFC was still in business. The first test of this new policy would come when BJ Penn unexpectedly defeated Matt Hughes for the welterweight title after his previous contract had expired and then signed a two-ight non-exclusive deal to compete for K1 in Japan for more money than what he was being paid by Zufa. UFC President Dana White claimed that he was working on a deal with Pride for a talent exchange involving Pin. But since BJ went out on his own and didn't include Zufa in the K1 deal, he would be stripped of the welterweight title and was no longer a UFC fighter. Pen began competing for K1 and sued the UFC for stripping his title. Zufa argued Penn's contract should have automatically extended due to the champions clause and that he was in violation of it when he signed with K1. The case would have altered the course of MMA history had it gone through trial as the UFC was still fragile enough at that point to potentially have to pivot their business practices if their contracts were deemed illegal. Penn would settle with the UFC for more cash and guaranteed bouts with George St. Pierre and Matt Hughes. The UFC's problems weren't all champions leaving for Japan, though. In 2003, Tito Ortiz, one of the only standouts that hadn't jumped ship, was at an impass with the promotion over defending his light heavyweight title against rising star and former friend Chuck Liddell. Five defenses into his title reign, Tito had become Zufa UFC's first real star and didn't feel like he was getting properly compensated for his contributions. So following his title victory over Kin Shamrock at UFC 40, the first financially viable event Zufa had ever put on, Ortiz held out for a better deal and perhaps to stall having to fight Liddell and potentially lose his place as the promotion's number one. In response, the UFC created their first ever interim title to pressure Tito. Randy Couture was the unexpected winner, leaving Liddell on the outside. with no choice but to defend or be stripped and see couture promoted to undisputed champion. Ortiz returned to the cage and lost his title anyway. Then lost directly after that to Liddell for far less than he'd held out for. &gt;&gt; We fought for pretty much pennies. Those guys made over uh $35 million in pay-per-view. I made 150 grand. Chuck Liddell made 150 grand and they walked away with the rest of the money. &gt;&gt; While Tito may sound like a true champion of fighter equity in that clip, that was very much after the fact. And it should be noted that he was more than happy to take the money he was getting at the time, fighting quite literally anybody but Chuck Liddell. After fighting out the rest of his contract, Tito fielded offers from other promotions, including Pride, but found no extra value. In a rare instance of getting one over on the UFC, however, he returned to the table and got more money, a gig coaching the Ultimate Fighter, and a stipulation that he would get to box Dana White for three rounds, a sparring session that would never take place. Just like with SEG, Couture would prove to be a problem for Zufa as well. Following his legendary light heavyweight run, Randy retired and became a UFC commentator. But he was offered $3 million from Russian promotion Boddog fight to return and fight Fedor Ameilian. Zufa convinced him instead to fight Tim Sylvia for the UFC heavyweight title with the understanding that the promotion would soon sign Ameilian. He &gt;&gt; has become my obsession. I want it worse than the fans want it now, believe me. But with the failure to sign Fedor, a pretty regular failure for the next decade, and other fighters on the roster, including the recently signed Brock Lesnar, making as much or more money than him, Randy held a press conference in his gym, resigning from the UFC. They pull another guy in from another organization because they want him and they pay him coming in more than you've ever been paid. Are you going to feel a little insulted and hurt about that after you've been there for 11 years busting your ass? That was kind of the final straw for me, seeing what a lot of these guys from Pride were getting paid or offered. &gt;&gt; Couture's plan was to wait out the final nine months of his UFC contract and then fight Fedor for billionaire Mark Cuban's HDNet fights. But Zupa, which held their own press conference to talk about how much Randy sucked, said that Couture hadn't resigned, he'd retired. A distinction that mattered in UFC contracts because retirement froze your contract indefinitely. Meaning if you ever did want to come back to fighting, it had to be with Zufa. When Randy made an appearance on HDNet Fights as a commentator, the UFC sued Couture for breach of his separate broadcast contract. Randy had no recourse unless he was going to fight Zufa in court over the possibly uninforceable clauses in their contracts. So, through an arbiter, he took a pay increase and a new long-term deal and got boobed and mollywoped by Brock Lesnar upon his return. A month later, John Fitch refused to sign the UFC's likeness and merchandising rights clause, which allowed the promotion to make money off the fighter's image in perpetuity, meaning forever with no compensation. So, all shirts, toys, video games, coffee mugs, anything they sell with your face or name on it. Dana White said of the refusal, "We're looking for guys who want to work with us and not against us. And frankly, I'm just so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sick of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's not even funny." Going on further to say of Fitch, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] him. These guys aren't partners with us. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] them. All of them. Every last one of them. The UFC banned every single last effing one of the fighters from American Kickboxing Academy in retaliation, forcing Fitch to cave a day later or ruin the lives of everyone he knows and cares about. After all that, you are back in the UFC. &gt;&gt; That's that's the case is uh we're going to sign off on the video and um I'm back. &gt;&gt; In addition to leveraging outcomes fighters don't want, the UFC would do the same with outcomes they did. Nate Diaz was offered a title challenge against Benson Henderson so long as he reuped his contract. Diaz agreed to a new eightight deal which had pay as low as $15,000 to show because he claimed the UFC told him he could renegotiate later. Dana White said that they meant if he won the title, which he did not. The contract would be the catalyst for Nate's long-standing issues with the promotion and regular hiatuses. The UFC tried to justify the low pay in this now infamous moment. &gt;&gt; Kid makes really good money, you know, and the unfortunate part is he's not a needle mover. His brother is a needle mover. He's not. &gt;&gt; Two years later, Nate would move the needle and change his financial trajectory. By 2014, Zupa had turned their contracts into complete lockdowns. You couldn't win, lose, leave, or retire your way out of them. and they could put you in EA UFC 9 on PlayStation 7 without asking or paying you a dime. The only thing they couldn't do was control the sponsors on your fight gear, a major point of contention. Initially, they tried to weed out smaller, potentially embarrassing sponsors by forcing brands to pay a sponsor tax. That was reportedly anywhere from $50,000 to $100,000 in order to be eligible to sponsor a fighter. So, you can imagine that Johnny Noame on the prelims wasn't getting his local pizzeria to fork up 50K to put a $500 patch on his shorts. But in late 2014, they nuked the entire sponsorship system when Reebok became the exclusive fight gear provider and sponsor for every fighter. No outside sponsors allowed in the cage. You say that all the money, all the revenue is going to the fighters. Now, what does that mean? I mean, I'm assuming UFC will make money off of it as well. So, how do you divvy that up? &gt;&gt; UFC won't make a dime off this. &gt;&gt; A dime? &gt;&gt; Not one penny. &gt;&gt; So, what's in it for you? &gt;&gt; We're looking at this thing longterm. Okay. &gt;&gt; Not not a short-term six-year money grab or anything like this. It's a long-term play for us. and uh and and were giving all the money to the fighters. &gt;&gt; What was in it for the UFC and the long-term play was another system of control over their quote unquote independent contractors. The pay structure of the Reebok deal gave $2,500 to new fighters up to $40,000 to champions. So for some on the lower end, the deal was lucrative. But for the most visible, it was a potentially major money loss. I would imagine Conor McGregor could have found himself more than 40k in sponsors. By the end of the Reebok era, an estimated $40 million was given to the fighters out of a 70 to $80 million pot. The UFC said there would be some operating costs after all. I don't think it's a coincidence that 2 weeks after the announcement of the Reebok deal, Kung Lee, John Fitch, and Nate Quarry filed the initial $1.6 billion class action antitrust lawsuit against Zufa. &gt;&gt; The UFC did not come to prominence because they're hard workers and they did a great job. They cheated. They're criminals who stole from people. They belong I believe they belong in prison. The suit couldn't achieve that, but it did claim that the UFC through their impossible to escape contracts and purchasing or destroying of all their major competitors had left fighters with nowhere viable to go and other promotions with no chance of being competitive in the market because there were no good fighters to purchase. In addition to the $1.6 billion, the fighters requested injunctive relief to force the UFC to create contracts that didn't give Zupa ownership of your soul. After a decade in court, Lee Atall and Zupa settled and agreed to give the fighters $375 million. Certainly nothing to sneeze at, but no contract changes would be made. Discovery did open up the UFC's private books, though, and revealed that the fighters were making about 18% of the cash the UFC was earning. For perspective, the athletes in the other major sports leagues in the US get about 50%. There's a separate antitrust suit ongoing currently, but if the pace of the first one is any indication, don't expect to hear much out of it until 2038, and even then, the chances of it succeeding are slim. In July 2016, the UFC was purchased by Alphabet Soup Talent Agency WME IMG for $4 billion. A year later, they would change their name to Endeavor. Thank goodness. If fighters thought the Zufa era ending was the end of their contract, woes, they were completely mistaken. New owner, Ari Emanuel, was a longtime partner of the UFC before he made the purchase and was the next closest thing to the Fertittas, never having sold the promotion at all. &gt;&gt; Ari's a maniac. When we sold, one of his big things was that I couldn't go. Ari lets me run the business, man. And just other than being in business with the Fertittas, I couldn't have landed with a with another better partner than [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ari. &gt;&gt; Their first test would be related to their first ever event and with their biggest star, Conor McGregor was in Iceland training for his rematch with Nate Diaz at UFC 200 and didn't want to go stateside to do promotional work. Instead, retiring on Twitter, thanking the promotion for the cheese. As a result, the UFC got to have their cake and eat it too. They pulled McGregor from 200 and placed him on 202 to make it look like they could control their biggest star, knowing full well that 200 would do a million buys regardless and they'd get to double dip that next month. Later that year, after becoming double champ and headlining his fourth straight event with over a million pay-per-view buys, McGregor was looking for more than a bigger purse and higher pay-per-view points. &gt;&gt; I've earned something. Like, I mean, who owns the company now? Where's my share? Where's my equity? &gt;&gt; If you if we're all in on this, then I want to be owner. I want to be in on that. You know what I mean? I I I need equity in the company. I need something security for my family. I'm thinking differently now. So, look, we'll see. We'll see what happens. &gt;&gt; The stakes were high. If Connor could get deals that no other fighter ever had, it could open the floodgates for future stars to do the same. But you should know by this point in the video, that's not what happened. McGregor wouldn't get ownership stake, but he would get a minimum $30 million purse boxing Floyd Mayweather that next year. An appeasement the UFC made money on themselves as partners in the event. A rare concession, but one better than fighters getting ownership stake if they became popular. When he finally returned to the cage in 2019, the UFC promoted his Proper 12 whiskey brand. &gt;&gt; It's on their canvas. And &gt;&gt; it's on their canvas. &gt;&gt; Another small concession that put out any potential ownership fires. McGregor's unique circumstances were just that, though, unique. For other stars trying to leverage their power, the UFC wouldn't be so lenient as George St. Pierre, who had been in a three-year self-imposed semi-retirement, would find out. When negotiations broke down on a new fight, GSP went on the MMA hour and made a shocking announcement. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm free agent. My lawyer terminate the contract with the UFC. &gt;&gt; St. Pierre claimed that since UFC failed to offer him a legitimate opponent with a planned date and venue in a timely manner when he told them that he wanted to return to the cage, his contract was void. But the promotion said their offer of currently injured Robbie Lawler with no date or venue was adequate enough. Just like so many others we've discussed, it was easier to sit back down at the table than pay for a lengthy lawsuit to get out of his contract. So GSP would eventually end up getting a new deal that led to his 2017 return. Turns out the new owners had some of the same tricks as well. After getting sparked out in less than a minute by Amanda Nunez and losing her featherweight title, Chris Cyborg very much wanted a rematch, but she only had a single fight left on her contract. And just like Nate Diaz in the Zufa era, the promotion wasn't about to give Chris what she wanted unless she agreed to a long-term deal. The new boss, same as the old boss, when things broke down and got ugly, Cyborg decided to fight out her contract instead of re-upping, battering poor Felicia Spencer on her way out the door. The UFC waved their matching rights and negotiation period and sent Cyborg on her way to Bellator. &gt;&gt; We bring her in here. We do all this stuff and she was just never happy. Never happy. Complaining about everything. She was a nightmare to deal with. See you later. Have a nice life. &gt;&gt; Around that same period, a whole host of stars were pushing back on the UFC about their contracts. Colobby Coington, when passed up for a title bout, demanded championship pay for his next bout since he was an intram title holder and confronted Dana White live on Instagram. Stop filming. &gt;&gt; Come on, bro. &gt;&gt; I just want I want an explanation, man. &gt;&gt; Jorge Masvidol held out for a new deal after his massive 2019 instead of fighting Kamar Usman for the welterweight title. The UFC said bet and gave Gil Burns the fight instead, only for it to fall apart COVID style, forcing the promotion to concede some on the new deal when Mazvidal leveraged a late replacement bailout to save the card. Jon Jones got in on the action when a lucrative super fight against soon to be heavyweight champion Francis Enanu swept the sport like wildfire, and Jones wanted a pay increase to move to heavyweight. The actual amount has never been completely confirmed, but Dana White infamously categorized it. &gt;&gt; Told my lawyer he wants what Deontay Wilder was paid. I think it was 30 million. &gt;&gt; When Jones was denied the alleged 30 million, he said, "So long and thanks for all the fish. I'll be back in 3 years when Inganu has left the promotion." Ironically enough, it's allegedly $30 million that was offered to Jones to later fight Tom Aspenol that he would decline. Inanu is the rare case where the UFC truly lost to a fighter and it happened for a very specific reason in a very specific window. Inanu was given the Nadia special just like so many title challengers. Re up your deal before this title fight. But Inganu had already played that game. He did the eight fight reup before his first shot at Stipe Miaic. And for the second, six fights in he said no thank you. Now normally this would be the end of the story. But crucially in Ganu's contract was made shortly after the UFC made small concessions related to some of their more coercive clauses in response to the antitrust lawsuit so as to appear more fighter friendly. One of them was a sunset clause, meaning that Inganu could actually wait out his contract and the UFC would have no recourse. &gt;&gt; The UFC contract from the beginning to the end, he cannot ask 5 years. You're certain of that. &gt;&gt; The contract says that, not me. &gt;&gt; When Francis became champion, he wanted even more for a potentially new contract, the ability to do boxing matches, a guaranteed pay level for his challengers, and so on. When the UFC refused, they'd hoped he would sabotage his own career by losing the final fight on his contract to serial Gan, cratering his worth in the free market. But instead, Inganu would win, go on to get huge paydays in two boxing matches, and get a substantial deal with the PFL that they absolutely couldn't afford and ultimately got very little out of themselves. &gt;&gt; I am never going to financially recover from this. &gt;&gt; In Ganu's gambit would see the UFC back off of their contract concessions, meaning that truly the only time Francis could have done what he did was when he did it. Furthermore, the UFC's added an arbitration mandate to their contracts to avoid future collective action by fighters. Organizing, unionizing, or taking collective action has always been a substantial potential risk to the UFC's business model. Endeavor was forced to admit as much under SEC regulations when they wanted to go public and had to list material risks for potential investors in their prospectus. And it's not as if fighters haven't tried over the years. First, there was the MMA FA right around the time Couture had his gym press conference, an organization that's still active and supported various efforts over the years like the Antitrust lawsuit as well as the expansion of the Ali Act. Not the one that cancels out the Ali Act and lets Dana take over boxing, but the one that was meant to expand the Ali Act into MMA, but their impact has been minimal. In 2016, baseball super agent Jeff Boris sat in on a meeting with Nate Diaz's agent and Dana White and couldn't believe how one-sided his UFC 196 contract was. He asked White why the fighters hadn't unionized yet and Dana said, "Well, Shucks, they're independent contractors, so I guess they probably don't need to." Boris left the meeting and formed the Professional Fighters Association. &gt;&gt; These fighters need representation. I mean, their rights right now are being trampled upon, and it's probably worse than ever. The UFC's profiting, which is okay. They're running a successful business. They're entitled to it. But the fighters are the they're the show. &gt;&gt; The PFA lasted about 15 seconds because fighters felt like they couldn't trust Boris when names got released accidentally of fighters interested in getting involved. A few months later, the Mixed Martial Arts Athletes Association, or the MMAA for short, popped up. And in addition to having too many A's in their name, they were packing quite a punch with heavy hitters like GSP, Kane Velasquez, TJ Dillashaw, Donald Cerrone, and Tim Kennedy as founding members. The problem was the other founding member was former Bellator President Bjorn Rebney, someone that fighters looked at like Grimma Worm Tongue, and the whole thing ended up being a fart in the wind, forgotten about as quickly as it was formed. A few years later, Project Spearhead, led by Leslie Smith and Cinjun Johnson, had a more practical goal of forcing a National Labor Relations Board investigation into whether fighters should be legally classified as employees instead of independent contractors, a status that would come with a whole host of rights and benefits. If they could get 30% of the UFC roster to sign authorization cards, the NLRB would open an investigation. But they weren't able to get the numbers they needed. So, fighters have largely had to fight the UFC on their own, a mostly losing battle in every era. Just ask Mark Hunt. He sued the promotion over Brock Lesnar's failed peed test prior to their UFC 200 bout, claiming battery, racketeering, and fraud. The case dragged on for eight whole years and in the end was dismissed after multiple appeals with Hunt forced to pay the UFC's legal fees, which amounted to hundreds of thousands of dollars. &gt;&gt; It has been has been the hardest fight of my life to be honest. And you know, I think the things that that that that this case has put me through is is ridiculous. &gt;&gt; With decades of the UFC systematically dismantling every conceivable challenge, Endeavor now through TKO Holdings has the blueprint to deal with all comers. And the outcomes are sadly predictable. Even as the promotion enters a new frontier, the streaming only era, no more pay-per-view, and a $7.7 billion rights deal to appear exclusively on Paramount Plus in the US and soon the world for even more money. TKO doesn't appear worried about how to rectify the lack of pay-per-view points available to fighters at the top of the card. A major incentive and money maker for the promotion's biggest stars in the past. It was one of the key factors in Ronda Rousey ultimately choosing not to return to the UFC to fight Gina Corano. a fight the promotion had tried to put together off and on for 10 years with Dana flat out telling her it wasn't the best deal she could make. &gt;&gt; They weren't able to offer me a respectable deal under the streaming plat uh streaming model. He was the one that was like, I want you to make as much money as possible. Don't don't stay here and take less for me. &gt;&gt; It's also been Conor McGregor's main point of contention about his current contract with the promotion. Here he is talking about it on a Roblox stream because the simulation is fracturing more daybyday. My contract essentially is void right now because there's no more pay-per-view. Whereas my contract was based on pay-per-view sales. I'm the highest generating pay-per-view fighter of all time. I hope the pay-per-view system is done. I'm due a new contract. &gt;&gt; Nate Diaz signed on to fight on the Rousey Corano card. Another major talent that likely could have returned to the UFC if he chose to, but did not choose to. Jon Jones, who has played both sides of the money game, is currently asking for his release from the promotion for not being placed on the Freedom Fights 250 card so he could do the dance like Trump again. His alleged point of contention was low pay, a topic he brings up when it's convenient. Even company man Kobby Coington is starting to sound like he would like to seize the means of production. &gt;&gt; You know, Hunter Campbell, who is like the UFC lawyer, he kind of just tells you what direction they're going to go, and it's either you take it or leave it. You turn on this fight, now you're not going to fight for the year. You're not going to make money. They'll freeze you out. Yeah. So, if every fighter came together and they all put a stand to it, wouldn't it wouldn't something have to be done? &gt;&gt; It would. But the thing is is those guys that would make the biggest influence that have the biggest platforms like Ilia, like Makachev, like Kabib, those guys are getting paid so well, they're never going to speak out against the USA. They're getting paid well. &gt;&gt; Comrade Coington has touched on the key issue. The biggest stars would never collectively band together because they're too comfortable. Which is why even now when three of the biggest stars in the history of the sport, Ronda Rousey, Conor McGregor, and Jon Jones are all publicly discussing major frustrations with the UFC, how they pay their fighters, and how their contracts work. It should be a big deal. I mean, imagine if three of the biggest draws ever in any other major sport were all chirping about the same problem. It would be absolutely catastrophic for that league. But of course, if you've paid attention to the video up to this point, you know that as always, this uproar about fighter pay and contracts, about what slice of the pie the actual people in the cage make versus the promotion will be much ado about nothing because the house always wins on a long enough timeline. And the UFC has built something that's virtually unbeatable. Individual fighters either cave, lose, or are personally appeased. Organizing has failed in every attempt. And just like always, in 3 months, nobody will be talking about fighter pay until the next controversy that comes and passes. It's an endless cycle where nothing ever actually changes. And that, as you can see, is exactly the point. This was a monster video, and I know it had to be for Max Randall, the editor. Please show him some love and give him all the props. A gigantic thank you to our channel members. You make doing giant videos like this possible. fight fans, hit the join button, become a member as well, and get exclusive content. Like and subscribe because who else is making stuff like this? Leave a comment down below. I always read the first few days, every single comment. You might have noticed my cadence was a bit different in this video. That was on purpose. It's not always going to be a thing that I do. It just felt right for this particular video, but do let me know what you thought about it. All right, guys. Thanks again for watching and have a good one.