Kind: captions Language: en [music] You know, there's actually a fair bit to be optimistic about this year in the world of MMA. Some pretty big cards on the way. The fact that pay-per-view is in fact dead. &gt;&gt; He's dead. &gt;&gt; And yeah, [music] a lot of new talents to watch out for in 2026. &gt;&gt; Oh, JEFF. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I have never had more fun at a big school challenge. &gt;&gt; And there are quite a few people I had to narrow down from because there is just a ton of hype out there for these fighters. So, let's not waste any time. And here it is, guys. My favorite video of the year. I don't like bad fights. [clears throat] I'm Jason from MMA on Point, and these are the top 15 UFC prospects to watch in 2026. Now, let's lay some quick ground rules down. Prospect can mean a lot of things, but for the purposes of this video, I mean specifically those who are nearing contender status, but who are just below that level and who I think are about to break into that or maybe even as a title challenger. So, a that means they cannot be ranked in the UFC's top 10 already. They're not prospects at that point. They had to have had at least one UFC fight, meaning they are actually at a UFC level as a prospect already. and Dana White's contender series does not count as a UFC fight. Has to actually have been in the UFC. [music] On the other side of that, they have to be relatively recent to the UFC. You tend to lose prospect [music] status if you've been around winning and losing for a few years already and are hitting a new hot streak. Although, there are definitely some noteworthy people in that category who have been really impressive. Then there's no [music] repeats. I've highlighted talents in recent years, uh, so I won't be highlighting them again. I'm really hyped about guys like Payton Talbat and Tatsurro Tyra for instance, but I talked about them in previous years or in the case of Tyra have moved into title contention already anyway. And lastly, I don't consider highlevel promotion champs like Yakob Vicwatch [music] for instance from KSW to be a prospect. He's beyond that level whether the rankings acknowledge that or not. So, let's go ahead and jump right in here. Number 15, Aba Gotaier. He's a 10-in-1 middleweight from Cameroon. Let's start off this list with a super fun one in the fact that there pretty much isn't a more exciting 185 right now than this man. And it's immediately evident in his style because he's pretty much destroyed nearly everybody he's ever beaten. Only one loss going back to his second pro fight. And yeah, fun fact, myself and Bailey actually called his just third pro fight when he blew apart the nose of you Joe Lie. &gt;&gt; Diverse kicking game. So we'll see how that plays out. Oh wow, the left head kick. You can't see it on camera just yet. You'll see it in a moment, but there is blood absolutely leaking from Lewis Lie right now. &gt;&gt; The blood is leaking like you said everywhere. Nothing's going to start it, but a flurry against the fence. Huge. He's just waiting for his moment. &gt;&gt; OH, THERE YOU GO. It's over. It's &gt;&gt; our laptops and notes were just covered in blood after this one. It was both pretty gross and awesome at [music] the same time. But he only stopped by Full Contact Contender for that one single fight. He was in Titan FC only a couple months later in Serbia where he landed this unbelievable [music] headkick. He's even done combat sombo in 2024 for the Africa Championships. And 4-1 in MMA was all it took for him to get the call to the Contender Series. He absolutely delivered finishing Yuri Nito in the second round with a heavy ground and pound barrage after piecing him up on the feet. And then he followed that up with three incredible finishes inside the UFC. two of which had earned performance of the night honors. And it's to the point people are looking at his opponents like sacrificial lambs. The definite question about him though is whether or not he can hang with people on the ground as he rises up the ranks. This is something Michael Bisping immediately called out on the Contender Series fight he had. &gt;&gt; He looks a little lost in terms of how he's defending this position right now. Bagier is a really, really talented prospect. Still got a little bit of work to do. He also notably lost that sombo fight I mentioned. So, there are real questions around his ground game, but the guy is only 24 and he's picked up the sport so fast that if he can keep up with what he's doing to any degree, he'll shoot up the ranks incredibly fast. And why the Playa fight at 324 didn't turn out the best as the rounds went on, he still dropped the guy twice in the first and once in the second. But maybe it's a reason to keep him at 15 instead of any higher in the list. Anyhow, he still has pretty much the most wins in the UFC of anybody else in this top 15. Number 14, Michelle Montigu. She's a 7-0 bantamweight from New Zealand. All you got to do is take a quick glance at her record to see exactly what her game is all about. Six rear naked choke finishes in her seven wins. And that of course is her background as somebody who competed in the Commonwealth Games back in Oceanana and has been subbing the competition going back as far as 2015 when she started her amateur career. and she's competed at an IMAP level as an amateur, winning gold in 2019 and 2020. &gt;&gt; I feel good. &gt;&gt; I feel very proud of myself. &gt;&gt; And if you don't know, the IMAPs are incredibly high level worldwide for amateurs. Basically, a super stacked record before she ever turned pro and was immediately picked up by the PFL and by the time she was done with Aldo's rear naked show. &gt;&gt; And there's a tap [screaming] the forehand for taps of Michelle. down to four for 400. Make a ch. &gt;&gt; She was literally one of the biggest betting favorites you'll ever see at minus [music] 3500 against Maria Marice when she of course made good on those odds. &gt;&gt; There's the tap. &gt;&gt; Tap already Michelle Montigu. &gt;&gt; And her UFC debut did not disappoint against Luana Karolina. Don't get me wrong, there were some good moments for Luana, but Montigu nearly finished Lana in every round of the fight with particularly heavy ground and pound and some really close submission attempts. She basically showed off everything that looks really good about her. She's just incredibly freaka strong for the division. She'll be a major factor in the division soon, but her striking leaves a ton to be desired. There's definitely a real question of how she can measure up through the higher ranks of the division at age 32. I mean, how much can you really change at that age? Who are we kidding? This is women's 135 in 2026. She won't have much trouble breaking into the top 10, if any at all. She is not currently booked for a fight this year yet, but we should see something soon. Number 13, Evo Barneski. He's a 7-0 light heavyweight from Poland. If you look at this wild man's background, you'd assume he's just a grappler with judo world championship medals to his name, going back to his teens and training it since he was about 8 years old. But watching him in MMA is a completely different story. This guy is an absolute blitzer on the feet. All seven of his wins have been finished in the first rounds with only the first two wins by submission. The rest are all TKOs's and KOs. Not to mention, he had a 16 and3 amateur record that saw him win multiple tournaments and finished that portion of his career on a threeight unbeaten streak. But back to his pro career, he just walked through everybody in the Polish promotion [music] Babylon MMA with five wins that quickly culminated in going on the Contender Series actually as an underdog and then completely flatlining Muhammad Ali in a single blow. &gt;&gt; God, are you serious? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, his opponent was perhaps unfortunately named Muhammad Ali. I say unfortunate because that's a pretty tough one to live up to, especially when you're losing like that. &gt;&gt; My name is Muhammad Ali. I'm 31 years old. And after Evo walks through him, he perhaps had just the most insane one round UFC fight ever against Evo Alon. One round bangers is a really tough category to be put in that echelon with, but they just had Rogan and DC losing their minds the entire fight. &gt;&gt; I have never had more fun AT A MIX SPORT. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Either way, this is both the best and worst thing about EVO. Dude is just nuts in the best way possible, but he nearly got knocked out in the process multiple times in that Alen fight. So, I think the thing that remains to be seen with Barneski is what will these crazy slugfest look like, especially considering some of the incredible counter strikers in the division if he continues to climb. Either way, it also means he'll rise up the ranks really, really fast considering how much the UFC favors a style like his. And on paper, his next opponent should be a tailor made matchup for him in Austin Lane, who isn't exactly on a hot streak and tends to lose brawls pretty often. They'll be squaring off on the March 21st card in London. Number 12, Ethan Yuing. He's a 9-2 bantamweight from Anaheim, California. If you don't immediately remember his name, chances are you'll remember his incredible last minute performance win over the insanely high prospect that is Malcolm Wellmaker, where he didn't just upset him, but did it on 48 hours notice. and up a weight class at featherweight. Of course, it helped that he was literally in fight camp just a week prior as he earned this stunning one punch KO over Billy Brand for Uri Faber's A1 combat. &gt;&gt; Some stiff jabs in his own right, but Brand &gt;&gt; Oh MY GOODNESS. YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT STIFF a right hand. &gt;&gt; That's not bad, is it? Luckily for him against Malcolm Wellmaker, he was pretty fresh because there was only 8 days between both of these fights and the fact it was up away class probably helped. And I should make the point to say Willmaker is absolutely still a big prospect, but it's hard not to say the guy who beat him isn't a bigger one. And so you might be wondering where are those two losses on Euing's [music] record? Where did they come from? Well, they are ironically from him going up to featherweight and his very first two pro fights in the LFA and Cage Warriors promotions where the size definitely made a big difference in the negative for him. But since then, he's gone on this sevenight win streak with only two of them being decisions the entire time. Oh, THAT WAS A LASER. &gt;&gt; OH MY GOODNESS. &gt;&gt; HE'S A super fun fighter from top to bottom of his whole career. He's got a great underdog story, and yeah, I think he deserves to be here with what he's accomplished in that November fight with Malcolm Wellmaker. We don't know when he's fighting next yet, but it's safe to say he's got everybody's attention the next time he does step in there. &gt;&gt; I'm always hunting for that finish. I always pride myself on having spectacular finishes, and I like to do everything with finesse. &gt;&gt; Number 11, Luke Riley. He's a 12-0 featherweight out of Liverpool, England. [music] Yep, you heard that right. Out of Liverpool, England. And he trains with UFC's most popular current scouser and Patty Pimpblelet, who similarly has the nextgen gym training background in submissions, but also incredible power on the feet as we all just witnessed in his UFC debut. [cheering] &gt;&gt; And from the moment he turned pro, Luke Riley was a cage warriors guy through and through. All of his fights in the promotion produced stunning KOs that immediately set the tone for his career to date. &gt;&gt; Shots were so precise and he's setting everything up and it's over. &gt;&gt; John Deesus [cheering] and it's over &gt;&gt; and he was matched really well with undefeated fighters on the way up or those that had more experience and managed to get some really good cage time under his belt in the process. But he only has three decisions with nine huge finishes. The only surprising thing about his comeup is that he'd never fought for a cage warriors belt. Instead, he progressively worked his way direct from the UK promotion to the UFC is one of the very few people on this list to skip the Contender Series outright. And the gamble totally paid off after a tough first round against Bogdan Grad. Luke put any worries to bed with a devastating left hook that immediately shut him down and led to the finish. &gt;&gt; Incredible debut and comeback for Luke [cheering] Riley. So coming out of one of the most well- reggarded gyms in the UK, the hype is very high for a prospect like Luke. And although there hasn't been another fight for him announced just yet, [music] I imagine he'll probably find himself on that London card on March 21st. Number 10, Beatatric Mosquita. She's a 6 and0 bantamweight from Brazil. Beatress &gt;&gt; Beia, as she's often known, has a reputation that absolutely does precede her coming into MMA as an IBJJF, ABCDC, CBJJ, UA, JJF, whatever other alphabetical combination of jiu-jitsu competitions you want to mention. She's pretty much won championships in all of them at a world class level going back to about 25 years as a youth national champion. Futurist Mosquito has set a record now for the number of gold medals as won by a female champion in the IPJJF. [music] And so far in MMA since turning pro only recently in June of 2024, she's already hit 6 and0 finishing absolutely everyone. [cheering] &gt;&gt; And yeah, she's one of the few fighters who skipped the Contender Series altogether on this list direct from the LFA 135 lb championship she had. She is exactly what The Division needs as it's been stuck in limbo with only a few bright spots in the last couple years. But there is a knock certainly on her career and that's the fact she waited so long to get into MMA at age 34. I mean, she was winning adult level championships way back in 2009. You know, around UFC 100 for comparison, but a lot of grapplers have been known to start late in MMA and achieve incredible things. So far, that is definitely true of her trajectory, too. And of course, in her lone UFC fight to date, it was no exception, as she absolutely ragdalled the quote unquote Russian Ronda Rousey. Talk about an unfortunate nickname to try and [music] live up to in both good ways and bad. And we won't have to wait long to see her again as she's fighting on the March 14th fight night against Mon Renon, who should honestly be a showcase matchup for Mosquito. Number nine, Islam Dulattov. He's a 12-1 welterweight from Cheschna, Russia, or Germany as well. He and his family moved there from Grazny and Chetchna to Germany to escape the incredibly destructive second Chetchin war in 2007 and began making a living for themselves in Germany. And interestingly enough, MMA isn't Dulattov's first highle career. No, dude was actually a model for brands like Gucci, Versace, Tommy Hilfiger, Hugo Boss, and a bunch more with plenty of magazine appearances. But don't let that background fool you. As I mentioned, the dude is 12-1. [screaming] &gt;&gt; The only fight he's ever lost was the very first fight, and that was down at featherweight. Actually pretty shocking to see the size difference versus now. I don't know how he got down that light, but he hasn't lost since then with every single one of his 12 wins by stoppage. only one of his fights ever making it to the second round. And he's fought in highle organizations too, like brave CF, you know, where Hamzach Chamay, I also and Ben Wasandi came from before he went on to the premier organization near Germany with Octagon. Look at how he just folds this guy here. &gt;&gt; And so finally at 10 and one, he was given a shot on the Contender Series. He pretty much just walked through Venilto and Tunes with a elbow KO finish to get his UFC contract. &gt;&gt; In his first UFC fight in July, it took him less than a round to knock out Adam Fugit cold. On the comeup, he's earned plenty of submission victories as well to show he's not just a knockout artist. And as if welterweight isn't stacked enough already, here's a new killer to add to that lineup. He doesn't have a fight booked for this year yet, but since his last fight was in July, there should be something relatively soon. Number eight, Alexandre Tapora. He's a 7-1 bantamweight fighting out of Spain. And you guys already know exactly who I'm talking about here. This is Ilia Tapora's older brother, Alex, who has already put together some showcase performances in the UFC, especially his most recent win over Beexat Almahan. Somebody who was able to show off his grappling against, but hurt him multiple times with his boxing. [music] And the Alex story is a bit of an interesting one because he's clearly very good, but we also don't really have that much tape to go on. Going back to the beginning of his pro career starting in 2015, his opponent was 0 and3. Solid arm bar there, but you know, that's kind of what you would expect for somebody with that bad of a record. You would expect them to lose. His second fight, the guy was 1-1, which yeah, that's a lot more respectable, but nothing to write home about. Then his third fight, he loses. [screaming] AND that's all totally normal stuff, by the way. It's the beginning of his career. You expect to see these kind of, you know, lesser fights, but good experience. But because of how badly that third fight went, particularly in the striking, he decided to focus on boxing and take some time off, which then turned into him helping out his younger brother at the start of his career, which had only begun one month prior to Alex's loss. So he ended up taking the next 6 years or so off to help Ilia as his lead trainer, which yeah, produced some pretty incredible results. And so finally, after taking all that time off, going back to 2015, Alex comes back to fight in 2021 and gets a super dominant comeback victory on the regional scene and then another the next year. But this is what I mean. I mean, these guys records were pretty terrible. [music] Lucas Tonorio in his first fight back was seven and 18. Yes, I mean seven wins and 18 losses. The next guy was even worse with only a single win, just one and nine losses. Thankfully, from there it does get a little better following this. John Seus or Seus was three in one with Alex at 4 in one. So that's a bit more respectable solid stoppage, TOO. &gt;&gt; But that's it. That's the end of his regional scene record entirely. He then takes about two more years off and in 2025 makes it to the UFC where he earned his first win against Kobe thickness who was undefeated at the time at 7-0 and was also [music] debuting. Then finally the Beexad Alahan fight which was certainly his best win to date. [screaming] [cheering] &gt;&gt; And so what is my point in pointing all this out? I think you jumped to a conclusion, didn't you? Just like I told you. I told you to settle down and see what happens. Right. Ain't that what I told you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just for all the above reasons, I'm not ready to rank him super high when we've seen this little of him in competition against not that many people with that many great records. It's only been more recent. He absolutely belongs on this list, but we still haven't seen that much of the guy, and I for one am definitely a fan. He's not booked in anything for this year, but I'm definitely looking forward to seeing his next fight. Number seven, Kevin Vos. He's a 17-1 featherweight from Argentina. This one was pretty easy to include on the list. MMA Junkie had him as their newcomer of the year for 2025 with three wins in his first year inside the promotion with the last not to mention being a stunning spinning back fist elbow barrage over Giga Chicad and their co-main event on the last ESPN card back in December. &gt;&gt; That was vicious. &gt;&gt; And this is something this guy has done all throughout his career going back to his amateur days. And as a pro on the regional scene back in Argentina, the guy wasn't just a double champ for his home promotion in Samurai Fighthouse, but actually a three division champ, beating UFC vets in the process. This is something you see from time to time, but not as a pro, usually at an amateur level because of all the risks involved going for three different titles in three weight classes. &gt;&gt; He's won titles at bantamweight, featherweight, and lightweight. And naturally, featherweight being his optimal class, he's had the most defenses there with three and an interim title win before that. But beyond the record itself, it's what he's done in those wins. Guy has crazy crisp striking with nearly all KOs or TKOs's and a few submissions to go along with it. It's noteworthy he does have one loss on his record, and it's definitely a significant one against John Silva. That night, it just didn't go his way to a decision loss, but he was only 21 back then and is still just 24 now. So, he went back home, melted two more opponents to defend his title before getting another shot on the Contender Series. And I mean, without exaggeration, he obliterated Cam Teague with a non-stop onslaught of body shots that set up combinations to the head and made the guy look like he frankly didn't even belong in there. &gt;&gt; That is what the contender series is supposed to be. &gt;&gt; He did the same to Sung Wu Cho and Giga Chicad most notably. And if it wasn't for Danny Silva's Insane Chin, it would have meant the same for him, too. fight of the night kind of fight. Regardless though, &gt;&gt; we have a future star in our hands, I'm telling you. &gt;&gt; But anyhow, you won't have to wait long to see Kevin VJos tested as he's actually taking on Josh Emtt for a fight night headliner on March 14th. He's ranked at number 13 against EMTT's number 11 spot. Please take my money. That is a crazy good fight. Number six, Quillin Sa. He's a 10-in-1 lightweight out of Perth, Australia. KO of the year candidate. Yeah, that's a pretty great place to start with this next one. Sa killed the absolutely devastated Nazarat hack paras with an unmissable headkick in October. Not a bad way to end your rookie year in the UFC. And he has a jiu-jitsu black belt to back up the striking pedigree, too. Much like fellow Aussie Jack Dela Matalena, Quillin largely cut his teeth in the sport by rising up the ranks in Australia's premier organization with Eternal MMA. Not just as a pro, but also at an amateur level stemming back to 2018. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that? in continuing on as a pro in 2021 with the same promotion. And that's actually the lone loss on his whole career, that first pro fight. He's been undefeated in the 5 years since with seven finishes in his 10 wins. This then quickly built up to him winning Eternals lightweight title, which was a quick first round knockout in 2023. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice. He's out. He's out. We got a new champion. He would go on to defend that title twice in the promotion before getting the call to the Contender Series against another great prospect engage young who gave him some really solid rounds with his own powerful kickboxing skills and wrestling background. It turned into a fight of the night kind of performance where Quillin's well-roundedness showed he had the edge on the feet and the ground. &gt;&gt; That's a big deal. I mean, when Dana gets up out of his seat, &gt;&gt; he's showing these guys, you know, this is what he wants. Since then, Sa's gone 3 and 0 in the UFC with two breathtaking KOs, including the affforementioned KO of the year candidate against Nazarat Hackarass, and it's no surprise he's topping a lot of people's list for new fighters to watch in the UFC, including this one. He'll be taking on fellow Aussie Jamie Malarkey in a fight that almost certainly promises fight of the night honors this Saturday for UFC 325. &gt;&gt; Who do you think is the top five most famous Australians? [music] &gt;&gt; Obviously, it would be Irwin. &gt;&gt; Number five, Jacobe Smith. He's an 11-0 welterweight from Oklahoma by way of Dallas, Texas. Cortis MMA over the years has consistently turned out highlevel [music] talents and here is without a doubt one of their absolute brightest young talents on the comeup. And his path is about as tried and true as MMA itself with big-time wrestling accolades through Oklahoma State with two national championships to his name and an all-American honor at a D1 level who now has 4 years of pro MMA experience, too. the next biggest thing. I'm pretty much your perfect fighter. I'm Jon Jones. &gt;&gt; An awkward thing to say considering he's one of Daniel Cormier's proteges, but either way, Jacobe has shown absolutely devastating KO power to back up those wrestling credentials. &gt;&gt; Cut. YEAH. [screaming] &gt;&gt; This finish here only took him 18 seconds, by the way. &gt;&gt; OH, JEFF. [screaming] &gt;&gt; AND BOTH OF THOSE KOs were title fights for Fury FC. Dude just ran through the regional scene with ease. And naturally with that wrestling background, he has plenty of ground and pound finishes, too, which includes his Contender Series contract winning fight where he basically just sliced right through Christian Savoa in 2024. He's since then had his first two fights in the UFC where he absolutely starred Preston Parsons with a left hook. And in his second fight against Nico Price, he managed to choke him out in the second round with a rear naked choke, which was a completely wild fight. It is noteworthy though that he was huffing and puffing quite a bit in that price fight by the second round, which is the only reason I'm not ranking him any higher on the list. But to be fair to him, he's been to decision twice in his career in Fury and looked just fine cardio-wise. So I'm not sure exactly what happened there against Nico Price, but he still got the finish in that second round anyway. His next fight is against another top prospect in Sakon Co. on February 21st. Number four, Abdul Raman Yayv. He's an 8-0 lightweight from Cheschna by way of Turkey. One division that struggled for a long time but has recently started to recover with big stars and more surging talents is the light heavyweight division and one such example of that is an upand cominging breath of fresh air that to the date of this video is only just 25 years old and a complete destroyer at 205 lbs. Yaya to date only has a single decision on his record with all the rest being KOs and submissions. He was a champion first with KN fight in Turkey when he was still just 3-0, besting the then 7-0 Nikolai Kovaleeno, but then moved on to Ari's FC, which is the biggest regional promotion based out of France, where he managed to choke out both [music] of his title opponents. It was after this that the UFC decided to give him a call up to the Contender Series where he absolutely annihilated Alec Loren in just 30 seconds, starting with a monster right hook on the feet and quick ground and pound finish. And so his first fight with the UFC was against Hafael Sera. He ran through him as well. Also in only about 30 seconds with a headkick that quickly turned into a rear naked choke finish back in November. Only a single one of his opponents has made it to the third round against him with six of those eight wins being first round stoppages. He's not booked yet this year, but hopefully we'll hear something soon. Dude is just insanely well-rounded with finishing ability everywhere. Talk about a scary prospect. Number three, Mansur Abdul Malik. He's a 9 and0 middleweight out of Maryland. Nothing says killer like this college wrestling photo. According to Mansur himself, he was literally training for the UFC since the age of 8 years old. And to be honest, yeah, he fights like somebody who's been training that long. &gt;&gt; ANOTHER KNEE. BIG SHOT. &gt;&gt; WHAT A KNEE. [screaming] &gt;&gt; THAT'S IT. THAT'S IT. THAT'S IT. &gt;&gt; To date, he has zero decisions on his record. Hellacious ground and pound as a collegiate wrestler out of Maryland. Like I mentioned, &gt;&gt; versus Oh, look at that overhead. Oh my goodness. It's over and out. Holy mirror on to me. But he's also got submissions too and standing KOs as well. On top of that, standing at 6'2 as a middleweight, he's just an imposing figure in the division who has zero interest in going to the final bell. Beyond that, he also trains at one of the best camps in the world with Eric Nick and Extreme Couture. And after winning five fights all in the first round, Abdul Malik was given his shot on the Contender Series and went to the second round in his career for the first time ever when he took on Wes Schultz after nearly finishing multiple times in the first round. Schultz was a dog in that fight and just wouldn't give up and gave back as much as he could. But Mansur turned the tables on the D1 wrestler to absolutely bludgeon the guy with a barrage of elbows on top. It was a no-brainer contract to offer. And after melting Dusco Teddorvik on the feet, he would manage three finishes in the UFC in 2025 with a dominating performance first over Nick Klene. He just went right through the guy on the feet whose chin was insane considering the shots he took and took a very impressive standing guillotine to show the well-roundedness for Abdul Malik. But then there was kind of a weird fight with Cody Brundage where the first two rounds just kind of dragged along. And finally in the third, there was a head clash that got overturned. It was initially a win for Mansur that turned into a no contest. And if it wasn't for that fight, I'd probably have Abdul Malik even higher on the list. But either way, he's absolutely one of the scariest guys at 185 already. He'll be fighting again on the March 28th card in what should be an absolute banger fight. I would seriously write this down on your calendars. He's fighting a championship level kickboxer who fought both Alex Pereira and Izzy in glory. Usawi, I cannot wait for that one. Number two by Surus Kayv. He's an 11-0 middleweight fighting out of Cheschnia. The question coming in hot off the Contender Series just 4 days later in the UFC was whether or not he was just the latest hype train on the verge of being derailed or the real deal. And so far, well yeah, he's delivered on that even if the early going against a very game Eric Nolan put that all into question at a few moments there. other way he finished that guy and what got him so much hype in the first place is the fact that he's a main training partner of Hamzet Chamay and to date has the finishing streak dominance to go along with it but beyond that Dana White has massively hyped him up himself. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a weird night. Uh but you know it paid off with my guy. I got to figure out his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name and then uh [laughter] &gt;&gt; this all goes back to his first MMA fight that was a first round finish. And the same is true for his next six fights. And what you quickly notice from the beginning is that despite the comparisons to Hamzad, he's far more aggressive on the feet. I mean, just look at this crazy timing of this knee here. Oh, and he's done that multiple [music] times, by the way. It's not just the flute. Actually, this is probably the craziest one. &gt;&gt; Then he also has the ground game dominance as well. The one time he's been to a decision so far was just after his move to the states and kill Cliff against just a dog and chain Subnowski. He was dropped multiple times in their fight and rocked, but actually had some success on the ground against Suska. So there are some legitimate questions there and it does show that he certainly is not a grappler on the level of his esteemed mentor and Hamzad. But the fight did show off his cardio over a grueling fight where he looked really good. Since then, he's finished absolutely everybody, including a super slick body shot finish on the Contender Series. Then, of course, fighting four days later against Eric Nolan, and finally, his most recent fight, knocking out Eric McConico in November. He's absolutely one of the most hyped guys in the UFC right now. And it's hard to disagree with everything we've seen so far. Even where you can criticize, he's still finishing everybody. So far, he doesn't have a fight booked yet in 2026. All right. And for honorable mentions, before I get to number one, guys, there are about a zillion other people I could have put on the list this year. I had to really work to narrow down this list. There's about 20 other names I really considered here, and I don't have time to go through them all now. We'll just scroll them on screen just cuz it would take ages for me to go through everybody. It would basically double the length of this list if I did that. So, just know whoever you might feel is missing out this list, you might well be right, but it was very close to making it on most likely. and some just didn't meet the criteria like I mentioned in the intro. But with that out of the way, here is Mario Pinto. He's an 11-1 heavyweight based out of London. So yeah, what is the UFC heavyweight division absolutely been begging for out of the last few years? Any sort of heavyweight prospect they can get their hands on? Look no further than Mario Pinto. And if you ask me, he certainly looks like the future of the division. And I think he'll rise up incredibly quickly because this guy has it all in MMA. smart and skillful striking with knockout ability, smothering ground game techniques with plenty of submissions. He's undefeated. He's trained with Tom Asenol at the elite stable of heavyweights that they've amassed around his gym. I mean, think about it. Recently, they had Rico Verhovven, the glory kickboxing world heavyweight champion, working extensively with that camp. The heavyweight champion from KSW filled the freeze. Dante Dia, who was the former PFL champion who's now started in the UFC. I mean, it's just completely unique having this many world champion heavyweights training together from multiple disciplines. And Mario Pinto has spent a ton of time around Aspenol, BJJ, and their surrounding gyms. Mix that with his own home base in London with guys like Stuart Austin at Fight Zone, and the guy is getting some super diverse training. Pinto himself was a champion in the Netherlandbased promotion levels fight league, where he won their title and defended it twice before getting picked up on the Contender Series. And he's only proven the point further with a beautiful left hook finish over Lucas Kamacho that looked effortless and an out cold stunning finish of Austin Lane for his first fight in the UFC and most recently a completely dominant finish of Jonado Denise where he showed off his highlevel ground offense to get the stoppage. It's honestly hard for me to imagine him not getting into title contention with there just being a few more wins seeing as there's only 30 heavyweights in the whole division right now. Actually, I think Tom Aspenol has told him to slow down because they'll want to fast track him. He's not yet booked this year, but I wouldn't be surprised at all if we see him, of course, on that London card in March. But really, just ask yourself the last time you saw a heavyweight this well-rounded who looks this good in the division since Tom Aspenol. If you [music] ask me, he's pretty much the only guy. Hopefully, their training history doesn't mean any snags like Asenol refusing to fight Dia. Anyhow, I believe Mario Penta will climb the ranks super fast and be the name people are talking about as a title challenger possibly by the end of this year. And all right, guys, that's it for me. Hope you all enjoyed that one. Let me know who you would have put on this list and who you are hyped about this year. I'm sure there are plenty that I could have put on. It's really hard to narrow these down, but that's why I love making them. It's just super fun for me to see who the next major prospects are. So, with that being said, I'll see you guys on the next one. Peace.