Kind: captions Language: en A while back, I did a video about the worst takes from commentators outside the MMA bubble. And wow, were there some stupid ones. But you know what? Our own sport has produced quite a few takes that are just as inexcusable. So, it's time to take a look in the mirror and count down the 10 worst takes from MMA commentators. I'm Tommy, by the way. Real quick note about criteria. I didn't want this to be in the- moment bad takes like live during a fight. I wanted these to have been thought out and still awful. That said, there's one exception, but we'll get there when we get there. All right, number 10. The eyes have it. After the disaster ending to Aspen All Gone, I knew there was going to be ridiculous takes flying around all over the place. And ESPN did not disappoint when they paired hot take machines Chel Sunen and Anthony Smith together to discuss the eye poke finish to the fight. Being being poked in the eye is illegal, Brendan, but to fight with one eye is very common. The opponent's trying to hit your eyes, trying to bust up and make your make your nose bleed. We're trying to show grace, but but in all fairness, you're the heavyweight champion of the world. You got to fight with one eye at times. &gt;&gt; Well, don't be mad at me. You had a job and you didn't do your job. I'm not saying it's Tom's fault and I'm not I'm not going to, you know, pretend that I know how bad it is or isn't. I think Chale made it made a poetic point that you have to be used to or willing to fight with one eye. I did it in Singapore. Oh, well, if you did it in Singapore, then I guess it's fine. There's a pretty major flaw with this logic, and it's that he can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] see because of an eye poke. This isn't wear and tear that caused the eye to close that happens in a fight. This was fingers in a very specific moment that caused blindness. That's a pretty huge difference. And why exactly should a fighter who's unable to see due to a foul continue? Because it's good for the fans. You can't headline another card if you're not champion anymore. Sure, it's noble, but it's just absurd. That's bad business from guys who talk business quite a bit. Both men in the days after backtracked somewhat on their statements, but it didn't stop the internet from roasting them on the night. Number nine, count me out. Remember when Arena Aldana had that absolutely Sam Remy absurd cut from an accidental head clash? I seriously doubt we could show it, but you can imagine it. Well, a lot of people were horrified by the severity, and Luke Thomas took that moment to express how wild such a cut makes the low fighter pay when you consider that this could be something that scars her badly for life for what will ultimately be peanuts. That's when Michael Bispin chimed in and said that it was a bad take because fighters take risks and you could die fighting on the prelims on a regional show. So, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you, Luke Thomas. Now, I could break down why that's an awful take, but I'll let Luke, who replied, "UFC is making more money than every other MMA promotion combined, and doing so from those fighters assuming said risk." Sharing money on more equitable terms, given literally only one side is putting their lives on the line seems pretty reasonable. As others also pointed out, making it to the highest level of the sport should make that massive risk worth more. Not the shit-ass pay I'm sure Aldana makes relative to the danger. And yeah, you might get struck by lightning is not the best take on why fighters shouldn't get paid more. Number eight, classic Rogies. We did a whole ass video on Joe Rogan's wildest MMA takes that you can absolutely enjoy right now if you'd like. But one that's perfect for this list is one he just can't let go, and that's about the weight classes. There should be a weight class every 10 lb. These giant gaps like 185 to 205, that's a 20 lb gap. That's huge. That doesn't exist in boxing. They should have every 10 lbs. 85, 95, 205, 225, and then unlimited. Instead of 265, let them weigh whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they weigh. 20 lb is too big a gap, but also after 225, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Let them all be whatever they are infinitely like a 400 lb man fighting someone that's 250. &gt;&gt; What a technical fight. There he goes. They'll never get up again. &gt;&gt; Also, he says 10 lb every division, but then makes a 20 lb gap between 205 and 225. Why not 215? &gt;&gt; That's huge. But let's talk about the real problem here, and that's that in the UFC, this would be a disaster of disastrous proportions. The upper weight classes are already paper thin right now, and you want to spread them out even more. I do get that the gaps aren't consistent. But they've been this way now for so long that if you were to change them, you'd do more harm than good. It's easy to say on your podcast with 70 billion viewers listening to you ramble for six hours to say that we should just make it every 10 pounds. But in practice, this is one of Joe's worst takes. Number seven, he has Ryzen. Now, at the start of the video, I mentioned that we weren't doing live commentary, but for one example, and this is that one. Chris Cordderero on the English broadcast of the Ryzen World Grand Prix 2017 opening round part two. Or should I say Ryen as he called it all night. Cordderero is an industry vet, but man, he couldn't give any less [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this card. A win at risen can really put your name out there in a big way in Discord. &gt;&gt; One incredible take saw him say that Sakuraba and Shamrock weren't too far past their primes. Let me remind you that this was in 2017. But his worst take was just a gross one and clearly something he thinks all the time. &gt;&gt; Not not anything wrong about females, but &gt;&gt; generally they don't they don't tend to age as well as the gentleman. Forget the fact that he's talking about a 43-year-old professional fighter about to engage in a professional fight that's already beating the doesn't age well label, but clearly he was talking about her looks as was the case with Reena Kabota as well that he said got main event status because she's cute. Probably her cuteness has elevated her to main event status here in the recent event that we're watching tonight. &gt;&gt; But I mean, let's not throw stones Mr. Glass House. You're not exactly Randy Couture over there aging like a superhuman. Number six, stop the fight. Social media is a net negative on humanity and should be destroyed. That's my stance on it. But because that'll never happen and it does exist. The majority of us feel the need to spew our thoughts on anything and everything because why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] not? Commentators like Dan Hardy might have opinions of particular interest though given his expertise. But when you're constantly putting thoughts out there, you're bound to have a few L takes. And I think this is by far his biggest. I don't believe it's the fighter's responsibility to listen for the bell. There's a lot going on in there. It's easy to miss. Now, on its own, that's not a terrible take at all. But when you realize that this is in regards to Germaine Durandemy versus Holly Holm, suddenly it's worthy of this list. Even if you were going to argue that GDR simply couldn't hear the horn, which sure, that's fine. How are you going to justify her throwing shots over the referee? Like, there was a pretty big window on both of her late punches to not throw them, and she did it anyway. There's giving someone the benefit of the doubt, and then there's letting them get away with two strikes after the horn. Is the rap at fault for not controlling it better? Yes. But this take doesn't really apply to why this situation was a cluster [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Number five, Spider Snub. Dominic Cruz is a contrarian. The guy is clearly an MMA genius, but he's also someone that likes to have a counterpoint just for the sake of it, and sometimes it's ridiculous. One of his takes that got the interweb stirred up was during the weigh-in show for UFC 297. The panel was asked to list their top five middleweights of all time and doms were Mousasi, Weidman, Franklin, Romero, and Adosana. Obviously missing was Anderson Silva, who was number one on everybody else's list on the panel. He's also probably number one on like 99% of fans lists of middleweights. Initially, Dom didn't even bother to explain why Silva wasn't on the list until later when a deeper discussion of Silva was being had by others. Basically, all Dom said was USAD. So essentially, he's disqualifying him entirely because he feels he was a cheater. Most would argue that his only failure came after his reign and after a catastrophic injury, but okay, benefit of the doubt be damned if that's how he feels. It's a hot take. But the problem is the rest of the list, too. He says his criteria is about accomplishments, but then he puts Romero at two over two other champions. And when called on it, he said he was considering ability as well, but his justification for Adosnagna was that he was the most accomplished. Dominic Cruz would not be good at MMA on point. Not to mention, Yoel kind of might feel like he'd be in the same category as Silva if you were the type to eliminate a guy most people consider the greatest middleweight of all time because you thought he was taking performance enhancers. Just saying. Number four, the P is for bait. So, the thing about Chaos Sonnen as a pundant is that he's engagement farming because it's the name of the game. The hot takes, the mispronounced fighter names, he knows it's going to drum up discussion. So, there's almost too many to put in this list. And who knows what of it is sincere. Literally this week, he was arguing that Ronda Rousey wasn't a star. I mean, there's a little bit to support those claims. There's just nothing to support it. She doesn't have a merchandise record. She doesn't have a pay-per-view record. She's not even in the top 10. She doesn't have a live gate record. She's not even the top 10. She never did. &gt;&gt; But anyway, I think his silliest take was related to a feeling I think he actually had about his friend Colby Coington. I'm making a push that KBY be considered for a world title fight at 185 lbs with Osagna. &gt;&gt; Now, this isn't Colby about to fight Usman for the first time. This isn't even Colby about to fight Usman the second time. This is Colby after he beat Jorge Mazvidal in 2022. In the video, Chale goes on to site precedent because GSP fought for a title at 185 after leaving 170. As if those two things are even remotely the same. But given that Chale fought for a title at 205 off two losses to the middleweight champion without having competed in the division for a significant period, I can see how he would want his boy to get an undue shot at gold as well. Number three, good guy, bad take. When you think of BMF fighters, I'm going to go ahead and guess that the types who come to mind are heavy strikers who put themselves in danger regularly with strong chins. Basically, Max Holloway is the embodiment of that title. Those are the types of dudes that the UFC and the fans want fighting for a belt that's essentially about that identity. Well, Daniel Cormier had someone else in mind on Good Guy Bad Guy last year. You know who I think and let me tell you who I think should be in the next BMF title fight. Al Jermaine Sterling. Put Al in the BMF title fight. Yes, PUT AL IN THE BMF TITLE FIGHT. &gt;&gt; RYAN Clark's reactions are priceless. as are chales, which is to say he hardly reacts at all because as we talked about, the man's career has been built on chaos. And wow, is this a wild take from DC. I mean, I get his point. It's badass to be able to dominate somebody grappling like he did Calvin Kedar, but my god, could he not have missed the concept of the BMF title any harder in Aljo's style as a fighter. I know it's a light-hearted show, but we can't just spew nonsense and not expect a call out. Number two, let's not get it on. Big John McCarthy is a big man who was a big referee and honestly was super vital to the foundational period of the sport. But oh man, does he have some crazy takes now that he's a commentator. Easily his wildest is when he was asked about Nick Diaz wanting to fight Camaro Usman in Big Bad 2022. You know, would I mind see him against uh Camaro? No, I wouldn't other than this. Camaro would stand with him until he started getting lit up and then he's going to go and use his wrestling, which he should. I don't think that Camaro would end up standing up with Nick that long, that much out of the first round. &gt;&gt; What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you talking about, man? &gt;&gt; Why are you treating 2022 Nick Diaz, who had one of the most depressing showings ever after a 7-year layoff against Robbie Lawler, like he's 2013 Nick Diaz about to step into the cage with George St. Pierre. I'm the biggest Nick Diaz fan ever. I don't think Usman would have had any problems anywhere with Nick because it was 2022. Even more bizarre is the entire lack of push back by co-host Josh Thompson. Not even push back. How about a look of surprise or anything really? Nope, just a normal take about Nick Diaz forcing Camaro Usman to wrestle in 2022. Number one. Good night, Overim. When Alistair Overim got suspended by Nevada in 2012 for having the testosterone levels of during a random test, the mixed martial arts world kind of collectively said, "Yeah, that checks out." EXCEPT FOR GOODN NIGHT IRENE shout himself, Michael Chavell. Listen to this take on Inside MMA. &gt;&gt; But it's still 2 months away from his fight. And you know, he hasn't technically cheated because unless he pisses hot actually on the fight night, how is he possibly cheated? &gt;&gt; Yeah, guys, so long as you can get your T levels back down to human on the actual fight night, it's not cheating. Forget about all the training, recovery, strength, and conditioning you were able to do at superhuman levels in the leadup to the fight itself. So long as on the day of the fight, you're not injecting steroids into your ass, you're absolutely not cheating or gaining any kind of advantage. It's only steroids on the day or you're totally clean. To be fair to Mike, it was 2012 and this was the first ever random test by Nevada. So, I can get some confusion and trepidation, but for an MMA commentator, this was a pretty rudimentary level of understanding about the benefits of steroids. You know who's all Natty never popped once for steroids? the editor of this video, Luke Taylor. Please follow him on his socials. Check out his YouTube channel and ask him for some natty lifting tips. A big old thanks to all our channel members. Appreciate the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of you guys. Fight fans, hit the join button, and you get to see videos early sometimes, among other cool things. Like and subscribe if you got your tea levels back down to 6 to1. Leave a comment about which of these takes you thought was the dumbest or that you agreed with. And thank you so much for watching. Have a great day.