Kind: captions Language: en This secret BMF is waiting in the wings at UFC 326. Charles Olivera, Max Holay rematch to see who I's favorite son is. It's just a joke. Just a joke. Both men's last loss is the affforementioned Matador. However, they have equally bounced back with Max defending his belt against Porier and Charles demolishing Gamro inside two rounds. And despite the KO losses, they both had great performances. Charles executing a finish over Max's decision, but maybe the competition levels weren't the same. Actually, a funny wrinkle to the story is that Gamro and Pory are actually longtime spying partners, too. The whole family got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But the cyclical war of the lightweight division, Doth bless us again. As Chucky has the chance to rewrite the past of his TKO injury loss, Olivera claims he is illuminated by God and genuinely made a kid cry on embedded through sheer aura. I mean, I totally understand it. When I see Max Clutcher 3v1 in Apex Legends, I break down as well. Sitting right at the top of the table, ranked three and four, this fight sets up either man for a title shot. However, with Tapora fighting Gachi and recently KOing both guys, seems like we got a bit of time on our hands. Now, I don't know if you've noticed, but a certain billionaire son has been acting out a lot lately, displaying some real bad mother effort energy. Armen, our ground and pound newer RAF Syukian has been a very naughty boy lately, but honestly very clever about the level of trouble he's been getting in. Of course, he has the bankroll to pay these fines, but I think he's been very calculated with his PR because he's forcibly making himself undeniable to the UFC with these viral moments because being number one contender isn't enough. The Paramount era so far is about making the big exciting fights, the fan-friendly ones. I mean, sorry aren't always that, but you can't deny his skills. And with three fighters all deserving a title shot in their own right, so it feels like a no-brainer to match Armon with the winner at 326. So, Armon, load up your jet with Popeyes and Nina drama. Get down to Vegas. Face the winner off in the cage.