Kind: captions Language: en These say yum yum yum on them. &gt;&gt; Yum yum. We're Thanks, Joe. &gt;&gt; Now, did you just think I was Joe Rogan? &gt;&gt; I totally did. &gt;&gt; She just called me Joe Rogan. &gt;&gt; What would you do if you were stuck in one place and every day was exactly the same and nothing that you did mattered. &gt;&gt; Thank you for coming all the way from Vegas. &gt;&gt; This is just an overnight success, right? &gt;&gt; What's the origin story of the UFC? like take me through this. &gt;&gt; I said the UFC is in trouble. I I think we could buy it and I think we should. So I connected Lorenzo with Bob Myitch. They started talking and the next two months we ended up owning the UFC for 2 million bucks. A month and a half later we owned the UFC for $2 million. &gt;&gt; Now how many how 2 million bucks? &gt;&gt; 2 million &gt;&gt; $2 million. &gt;&gt; Didn't we do this yesterday? &gt;&gt; We were like the redheaded stepchild of the Fertitta portfolio. &gt;&gt; We were the redheaded stepchild of the uh Fertitta portfolio. Right. So every time you put on a show, it's a couple million bucks. Yeah. &gt;&gt; We used to be in budget meetings, you know, when we were getting murdered and we were losing money. &gt;&gt; Jesus, dude. &gt;&gt; Well, it's Groundhog Day &gt;&gt; again. Are you losing immediately? &gt;&gt; A few years in, you know, you're you're upside down 40 million. &gt;&gt; So you turn 2 million bucks into minus40 million. &gt;&gt; I I am so tired of doing podcast. &gt;&gt; The experiment requires you continue, teacher. Please continue. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; The UFC was not allowed on pay-per-view. And when did that change? &gt;&gt; After The Ultimate Fighter. &gt;&gt; You started the Ultimate Fighter TV competition, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Don't mess with me for a job. &gt;&gt; Uh, so we were pitching all the networks. Nobody liked it. So this new network popped up called Spike TV. Uh, and they don't like the idea. Spike hates it and they didn't love it. Well, how about if we pay for it? We'll put up the $10 million to produce this show. Wow. &gt;&gt; The Fertitta said, "You know what we'll do? We'll put up the money for this for this first season, which was $10 million. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; They like that idea better. &gt;&gt; They love that idea. &gt;&gt; This thing just blew up. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. &gt;&gt; Shut up. [Music] &gt;&gt; That's right, Wood Chuck Chuckers. It's Groundhog Day. &gt;&gt; Okay, so how many times have you heard this story? Dana talks about this on pretty much every single podcast he goes on these days. And yeah, of course, what he's saying here is true. The UFC wasn't just struggling in the early days. They were burying themselves. And the success of the UFC was doomed until deep into the 11th hour. The UFC was out of money and out of time. These are things that we do know, but let's be honest, they were pretty much out of legitimacy as well. And this is an aspect of this era that's not always covered as much. It's presented like the UFC was always amazing, always great, but the media just never got behind it or something. In fact, the year before they broke through into television and the beginnings of the mainstream, it might have been actually their worst year in terms of overall quality literally ever. So then what year was it? Well, let me take you back to the year 2004, and here's why it was so bad. &gt;&gt; Lorenzo called me one day and said, "Listen, I can't I can't keep doing this, man. I can't keep blowing my family's money." You know, &gt;&gt; if you look at today's UFC roster, there are eight men's classes and three women's. But how many did they have in 2004? Well, kind of only three. Women didn't exist in the UFC. A bunch of the lighter weight classes didn't exist in the UFC either. And for those of you that are savvy on the history of the sport and the weight classes, especially in the UFC, you might be folding your arms in suspicion right about now of what I've just said. But let me explain on how there was only three. Way back in 2001, the first year that Dana and the Fertittas took over the UFC, they had established five weight classes. Heavyweight, middleweight, and lightweight already existed, sort of. The names were different, and two new ones were introduced. For one, middleweight's name was now going to be called light heavyweight. It used to have a 200lb limit that would move up just slightly to 205 lb, while a new middle weight was introduced, and it's the one that we know now, 185 lb. And the old name for lightweight got changed to welterweight representing 170 lbs. And finally a new lightweight for 155 that actually used to be called banttom weight not what we know as 135 now. So yeah this is all a little bit confusing but the cliff notes of it are that in May of 2001 at UFC 31 the UFC established these five weight classes heavyweight light heavyweight middleweight welterweight and lightweight. And to crown what effectively were their new divisions, the new middleweight and lightweight classes would see their first champions win these brand spanking new belts. Jensen Pulver won over Kell Uno at lightweight while Dave Manet bested Gil Castillo for their new middleweight class. And so then how was it by 2004, 3 years after this, that the UFC basically only had three weight classes instead of five? Well, that's because both of these new divisions colossally failed. By 2004, Jensen's Pulver beat the UFC's new favorite son in BJ Penn, who they actually paid more than Jyn's in that title fight. So, yeah, he left for unfair treatment. And not long after that, the UFC actually phased out the division entirely when BJ still didn't win the title after drawing in a rematch with Kale Uno. They weren't making money as a promotion pretty much at all during this time period, and this weight class wasn't helping as their new stars to launch it were losing. And worst of all, nobody even really cared back then. &gt;&gt; People used to go, "Oh, those guys are too small. We don't want to see the small guys fight. Those guys will never be a pay-per-view draw." &gt;&gt; And not only did they stop holding title fights after Jensen's left, but fights, period, till 2006. I'll never get over how crazy that is. Lightweight has been their best division for so long now. Then there was Marilla Bamman, an absolute pioneer of MMA before it was even formally a thing. Well, he took the belt from Dave Manet at middleweight. And yeah, he did the same thing Pulver did. He opted to leave for pride in Japan. This is the tail end of the dark ages with the UFC still being seen as human [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fighting by many. So yeah, Japan made a lot more money and of course since to Booman and as a result of him leaving, there would not be another title fight in this division for three full years, May of 2002 all the way until February of 2005. So yeah, effectively two of their divisions of the five they had were missing, meaning they only had three actually functioning weight classes in 2004. To their credit, the UFC was quickly trying to rebound middleweight and find the next champion. But that wouldn't conclude until 2005. But man, does it actually get worse and a lot worse than all of this. So let's break it down. Immediately in January of 2004, which was their first event of the whole year, they didn't have fight nights back then, just pay-per-views, only about five of them in a whole year. It looked to be an amazing start for the promotion. Admittedly, two title fights with two of their most popular champions. For one, BJ had fully recovered from his losses and draws at lightweight. He even had a short stint and legendary win over Takanori in K1. &gt;&gt; There it is. Choke locked it in. He's going to go to sleep. Did he touch him? &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. &gt;&gt; So, with the UFC effectively shoving lightweight, Penn decided to stop licking his wounds and move up to welterweight for a big showdown against Matt Hughes. I cannot oversell how important Hughes was to the UFC at this time. He was the longest running champion the UFC had literally ever had. Even Pride by this point, he was incredibly dominant in all of those defenses with five. Four of those defenses were finishes, by the way. and he proved that the UFC truly did have premier talent holding gold in their promotion. And then BJ Penn just went out there and did the unthinkable. &gt;&gt; He's got the char. He's over. It's over. &gt;&gt; I mean, considering BJ already had two chances at lightweight gold and lost both of them or drew in the second one at least. To call it an upset to move up and dominate the UFC's best champion ever was actually mindblowing at the time. So yeah, doesn't sound like a bad start to the year. I mean, how could something that amazing actually be bad? Well, BJ naturally, as an independent contractor, which is technically what all UFC fighters are still classed as to this day, well, he knew he could get more money elsewhere and wanted to do just that. Back then, the UFC didn't have the ironclad contracts like they do now. So, they weren't able to hold on to him. And immediately after upsetting UFC's most dominant champion, he left back to K1 for more than 2 years. Okay. Yeah, that's a huge blow to the UFC. But on the very same card after BJ had beaten Hughes in January of04, the good stuff was up next. Their marquee division, light heavyweight. Randy Couture, after moving down from heavyweight, had moved down to light heavyweight and phenomenally upset not just Chuck Liddell, but also the then champion Tito Ortiz. &gt;&gt; You're you're the best. You're the greatest. You're the greatest champion in UFC history. And he really is. Ladies and gentlemen, the undisputed light heavyweight champion of the world, Randy Co. And he was about to go into a big-time rematch with another legend in Vtor Belelffort, who was a tournament winner back in the old school days, was one of the world's biggest MMA stars, and looking to get another shot at Couture. But now this time at a new weight class with gold on the line. Yeah, this was pretty great. But dude, this fight is legendarily unlucky. Those of you who know this story can immediately remember what it felt like watching this for the first time. Not even a full minute into the first round of the fight, Vtor Belelffort looked to have missed a punch on Randy Couture, who for some reason just couldn't stop blinking. It was so obvious that something was wrong that the fight was given a timeout for a medical check. And so, yeah, it turns out that punch that missed. Well, it didn't miss entirely. The glove, just a part of the glove glance Couture's eye just ever so slightly that kidding me. They've got to stop. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, they have stopped the fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, talk about the worst luck you could imagine for a heavily anticipated title fight like this. And dude, this is just the first event of the year. Both BJ Penn's contract dispute debacle with the UFC and leaving alongside the freak accident of Vtor and Couture both happens on the exact same night. &gt;&gt; It's kind of antilimatic, but these things happen in real fights. You know, these things guys get cut and freak injuries happen and it's nothing you can do. &gt;&gt; And remember, that's two of their three remaining weight classes with middleweights and lightweight totally gone during this time. So, that just leaves the big men. And to say heavyweight was in shambles at this point in time feels like such an understatement. I can't even adequately describe it, but I'll try. So, for one, if we rewind the clock back just a bit back when Randy Couture was still a heavyweight and was still the champion there back in 2002, well, his heavyweight reign ended that year at the hands of Josh Barnett, who paradoxically tested positive for steroids. Yeah, kind of a big deal. So, he was immediately stripped and he had to leave for Japan as a result. So, they just threw Randy back in there in another heavyweight title fight against Rico Rodriguez. Rico won. And you'd think The Division would be able to rebound from here, but then Rico lost to Tim Sylvia. No problem. But that's until, well, that dude also ended up testing positive for steroids after his first defense. So, Tim Sylvia got stripped of the title as well. And this is after basically all of their champions had retired or left for Pride in Japan. And so for some reason, probably because their heavyweight division was already so bad and they needed the talent, unlike Barnett, Sylvia was instead allowed to stick around in the UFC. And for only their third event that year in 2004 for June, a few months following their first disastrous card in January. Well, Tim Sylvia then lost to Frank Mirror, which was memorably when an eagle-eyed catch from referee Herb Dean happened. &gt;&gt; But I know a bro, referee know a bro. Tim is a super tough guy. I guess if you wanted to keep on going, but then Derek would have stopped it if he would have kept on going. &gt;&gt; So again, what could possibly be the problem here? Barnett was gone and Sylvia had just lost the belt. They were the two ones using steroids and now both were out of the title picture. If only it were that simple. Frank Mir got into an absolutely devastating motorcycle accident 3 months later. &gt;&gt; I'm going only about 35 mph. I look over and I see a car taking a lefthand turn and he's doing what most people do. do they wait till the light turns yellow and then they zip across traffic. So when I zipped forward, he accelerated and he gunned it hard. Gone about 80 ft, they said. &gt;&gt; And because Mir would be out for nearly 2 years, Tim Sylvia eventually got the better of Andre Arloski in their UFC trilogy. So no, it didn't recover with Frank Mir and we got Tim Sylvia as champion anyway. And let's not forget this was the era of Fedor dominating in pride. UFC wasn't even close to being seen as the best heavyweights. Not just behind Fedor, but Big Knock, Croc Cop. Of course, Arlovski and Sylvia would each lose to Fedor in affliction to pour salt on the gaping wound that was the UFC's heavyweight division in this era. In fact, Sylvia would also lose to Couture when he did come back, and he would also lose to Big Nog. It's just a bad era for heavyweight. This was the worst era actually for the UFC heavyweights. And that's even when you compare it with Aspenol being left by himself after Jones ran away from him. So for 2004, this meant the UFC had no heavyweight champion, no middleweight champion, no welterweight champion, and no lightweight champion. The only champion that the UFC had by June of 2004 was Vtor Belelffort, who won, as we just covered, by eyelid cut. That's it. Not even the worst year of the Dark Ages was this bad. Zufa was way further in debt by this point. &gt;&gt; We got to the point where we were in, you know,4 to50 million in losses and we said, you know, maybe we should look at selling this thing. &gt;&gt; They were just being bankrolled by billionaires who could cover the cost. Tens of millions of debt was not what SEG had. And they still had some of the most highly regarded champions ever at that point. You couldn't say that in 2004. But this is all supposed to be so much different. The tough boom was just the next year. How in the world do these pieces somehow connect? How could the UFC recover from around 35 million in debt by this point? &gt;&gt; I honestly believe I could have got 6 million for the UFC at that time, but we were deep. I mean, the Fertitos were going to take a a huge haircut. &gt;&gt; Even their best successes of 2004 did not do what they actually needed it to. For instance, we finally got Tito versus Chuck for the first time that year. Make no mistake, this was a huge bright spot amidst everything else I pointed out. But perhaps due to a number of factors, a both having lost to Randy Couture and Chuck also losing in pride to Rampage the year prior. And of course, that no longer meant a title was on the line like it was supposed to when they wanted to set up this fight initially. And don't get me wrong, hype was still huge for the UFC at the time. But it still wasn't nearly as big a pay-per-view seller that they hoped it would be. It reportedly sold about 105,000 pay-per-view buys. That definitely was good for the UFC at the time. In fact, very good compared to a lot of previous years. But here's former UFC owner Lorenzo Pata talking about another of Tito's big rivalries with Ken Shamrock that already happened a couple years before this. &gt;&gt; We did some pretty darn good pay-per-view numbers. I think we did about 90,000 100,000 pay-per-views and that was the first time we had hit that level. We still were in the red. We were losing money. Uh we may have eaked out a break even on that one fight, but we were still we were still losing money. So, Lorenzo is out and out saying that about 100K buys that they did for Tito versus Ken merely broke even and even lost money. That's also backed up by Josh Gross here. &gt;&gt; Expectations on the pay-per-view have fallen short. And I think it's going to take some time before they reach, you know, that 100,000 150,000 barrier that they they need to start being successful again. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, Tito versus Ken was well below that 150k mark that they needed. And despite all that hype and promotion, both that fight and Tito versus Chuck still sold less than Ken Shamrock, who also headlined against another aging star already by that point in Kimo Leopaldo that reportedly sold $110,000 buys. Again, in the UFC's own words, that was merely breaking even. And when you're $35 million in losses already by this point, breaking even is not what you want. It's right around this time, according to Dana and Lorenzo, that that infamous phone call happens. &gt;&gt; I got the phone call one day from Lorenzo. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he's like, I I don't know if we can keep doing this, man. Get out there and see what you could sell this thing for. &gt;&gt; What year is this? What year is this? &gt;&gt; 200 uh 2004. I'll talk to you tomorrow. So, he hangs up the phone and I'm like, this is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wrap. The next morning, I'm driving to work and he calls me and says, "Fuck it. &gt;&gt; Let's keep going." Thankfully though, Couture would get his belt back from Vtor in a great performance to write the ship at light heavyweight that August of '04 for UFC 49, but the pay-per-view buys on that card were down to about 80,000. And for the UFC's last pay-per-view of the year for UFC 50, it was riddled with issues. &gt;&gt; It's been a really rough two weeks for us. We had from actually the start of the show, this was the most messed up show we've ever had as far as we probably had at least eight dropouts. You had four dropouts uh nine days before the fight. You had a lot of people step up late notice. &gt;&gt; Still, a great fight resulted out of it. I mean, Hughes beat GSP for the first time of their trilogy, which sort of set the welterweight division back on track as Hughes was regaining the belt. And of course, he was still a great champion, but Penn was now seen as the best guy and he was gone. That still wouldn't be resolved for another couple years. Even through all this though, it was at that final event, UFC 50, that a glimmer of hope was finally peering through. Not that you would have known it, according to Dana White at the time. &gt;&gt; First, I was really pissed off that we got a reality show. I hate reality shows and I've never even watched one. I, you know, I just never got the whole concept, but they're popular. &gt;&gt; One of the relationships that we met early on was Craig Polyigian, who was one of the original producers on Survivor. &gt;&gt; Craig Polyian had already been in business with the Ferta Brothers. We created American Casino which aired for 3 years on Discovery Channel. &gt;&gt; We just felt like if other people could see what we saw that it would resonate. &gt;&gt; Lucky those Fertittas were there all along, even for more than just the money side of it. They were pretty great on a creative side, too. Oh, and of course, the money was a massive part of it. &gt;&gt; The Fertittas said, "You know what we'll do? We'll put up the money for this for this first season, which was $10 million." &gt;&gt; Wow. And that's how we went from that 35 million to the 45 million with that last 10 million then invested. It truly was do or die in 2004 on every single level. Not just money, but even able to keep top talent or even just avoiding atrocious luck. And so there you have it guys. The UFC's worst year perhaps ever managed to turn around at that press conference. &gt;&gt; Couple more things and we'll wrap this up. Very excited. You know, most of you know we're doing a reality show 2 weeks from from wrapping this thing. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the more you look into the UFC's history, you actually realize that seems to be kind of a theme. In 2000, just as the old UFC, the SCG UFC was going bankrupt in 2001. Zufa bought them out here in 2004 going into 2005, but then also 2014 after Anderson, GSP, basically all their big stars had left. Brock was gone. But then the next year, 2015, was Connor and Ronda Mania reaching a fever pitch. Hell, even with 2020 and the pandemic turning into a huge win for the UFC in the end. And some people would even say that about now with the MMA landscape lacking today, but it certainly is better than 2004 or 2014. 2017, I don't think, was a particularly good year. I've been skeptical of the UFC being in decline. If you want to watch these suggested videos that's on the screen now, you can see a little bit more of a balance on what I think of that with some of the ones where I do give some very real criticisms of what the UFC is currently facing. So, if you want some more perspective on it, check it out. Anyhow, that's it, guys. Thanks for watching and I'll catch you on the next one. Peace. [Music]