Kind: captions Language: en [Music] There's absolutely no way that the UFC didn't know the most likely outcome of Shawn Ali getting a rematch against Morab like 9 months after losing the title would be another loss. Which makes me wonder how much juice they felt was left in the sugar tank because you have essentially locked Ali out of the bantamweight title picture so long as that wrestle gremlin remains at the top which is probably going to be as long as he wants to stick around. And even more baffling, but also supporting my argument that they knew they were only getting maybe one more headline out of Omali, the rematch couldn't have been any more unwarranted. What did Shawn do in the 9 months between the fight besides stop Gooning and Consuming the Jazz Cabbage? Well, absolutely nothing to earn a rematch. He didn't compete again. And it wasn't like the first fight was particularly competitive. And this wasn't some Anderson Silva title reign that screamed immediate rematch. Hell, one of his defenses, his only successful defense was a fight with Cheeto Vera that most people thought wasn't deserved either. There was just nothing to justify this fight besides needing a headliner and Shawn being one, which is why it's the perfect first entry for today's list about the 10 most pointless title shots in MMA history. Hi, I'm Tommy. How you doing? Let's talk number nine, Dark Ages Desperation. So, the SCG UFC was pretty much on a slow march to the grave starting in 1997 due to the US bans on the sport. And by UFC 29, they were in the coffin and the very last of the dirt was being poured on top. They would literally sell the promotion weeks later to Dana and friends because they were flatout broke. And the final fight in SCG UFC history would be one that was ultimately pointless and a remnant of the promotion's attempt to stay alive. During the dark times, SCG tried to create a sort of second arm called UFCJ that would see events run locally in Japan and often highlight Japanese talent in hopes to gain a foothold in a hot MMA market. Ultimately, the program wouldn't work, of course, but SCG's last gasp would be a product of that shift. UFC 29 would take place in Tokyo and was headlined by Tito Ortiz, defending his title against local hero Yuki Condo. Now, Condo wasn't a bad opponent necessarily. He had legit bonafides from his time in Pancra, but the two-minute bout would ultimately prove a meaningless end for the SCG version of the UFC. and more so it would be the end of the UFC's attempts at penetrating the Japanese market until a whole 12 years later when they finally returned. Condo didn't stick around either. After losing to the janitor that next year, he would never compete in the UFC ever again. He would go on to compete forever, though. He fought last November and has had at least one fight every year since 1996. So, the lesson here is that his fight with Ortiz was meaningless and Condo is a vampire. Ortiz would have another unjustifiable title defense during that run against Ken Shamrock. But considering how important that event was to the Zufa UFC's survival, it's only getting a passing mention. Number eight, the Dillasher fight. We didn't have any idea how pointless this one was until after the fact. But even before TJ Dillashaw walked out for his bantamweight title challenge against Algamade Sterling with an arm that was hanging by the mozzarella cheese of a pizza, there was plenty of reason to look at that fight and think, "Yeah, don't really know about that one, Chief." like former champion or not, you fought one time in two and a half years. Most of that time off involuntarily because you were the CEO of EPO and then you win a decision against Cory Sandhagen that like everybody thought you lost and that's supposed to warrant a title fight. Nah, this thing already sucked. And while it was massively disappointing that he appeared to injure his shoulder immediately, essentially making his title challenge impossible to make even remotely competitive, finding out after the fact that he went into that fight even though his shoulder was popping out in camp about 20 times is insane and a disservice to the division. I couldn't throw my left arm striking wise. I was never able to like fully throw it. I was I was able to do some like flick jabs and things like that. You made a G today, TJ, but you made it in a sleazy way. Selling bad MMA to the kids. But I guess that's the way it is. Dun. All right, number seven. Profits before Pride. You can probably count every Pride FC title defense ever on one hand. Wait, can you? No. Two hands and a pinky toe. But only needing that is pretty crazy when you consider that the promotion had 68 events. So, you would think that considering how few and far between they were that they'd be significant. And sometimes you would be right. Fedor versus Crowop, Vandy versus Rampage. But other times you'd be stupidly wrong. And most stupidly when Silva took on Hiomitsu Kanihara. Kanihara was from the pro wrestling world, one of those massively popular shoot wrestler types that Pride absolutely loved showcasing. The problem was he absolutely shouldn't have been in a bout for Vanderlay Silva's title. At the time of the fight, Kaniar's last victory was against two and five career fighter Paul Cahoun a whole year before the Vandy fight. And prior to that in rings, he dropped three fights to three very respectable names to be fair. Matt Hughes, Ricardo Arona, and Fignnog. but three pretty big losses, no less. So really, the only justification for putting him in the bout was that he was popular and that fans in Japan wanted to see him in a big fight. Well, they got their wish and Vandy mopped the floor with him. Losing 12 of his next 13 didn't do the matchup any favors in hindsight either. Number six, a super unnecessary resurrection. When you have such a good year that it grants you two title shots nearly a year apart back to back when you lost every single round of the first fight. That says a lot about how great that year was. But it doesn't make that rematch any less pointless. There was virtually no reason we needed to see a title fight rematch between Jorge Mazvdoll and Kamaru Usman. The only justification you might be able to make is that Jorge took the first fight on very short notice. But the thing is, given Mazvidal's position in the division at the time, it's not like he was just sitting on the couch for a few months doing nothing and suddenly got the call. So, he just took the fight because it was his only opportunity. He knew he was primed and he was probably in a semi- ready state. Ultimately, the outcome of the first bout would be not at all great. There wasn't a moment that looked like there was any kind of trouble for Usman. Afterwards, Camaro would defend in an awesome performance against scary Gilbert Burns, while Mazvidal would just not fight anybody else. I want that damn belt and I'm stubborn. He won the first one. Let's do it again. And then get an immediate rematch after not having even remote success in their first fight. What could possibly go wrong? The result would be a massive second round KO loss and the end of Mazvidal's 2019 generated title fights. Number five, Star Destroyer. Prospects in mixed martial arts are a delicate flower. You have to nourish them just right or they won't bloom. And if you throw them into a wood chipper, well then I mean that's just on you. How could you have not known that that was a bad idea? Darren Tilliel really had no business fighting Tyron Woodley when he did. Was he an upand cominging talent with a lot of regional potential? No question about it. Those two fight night main events he had were very exciting. But I don't know too many people who actually thought he deserved the judges nod in that Thompson fight. And he missed weight on top of it. It just really wasn't the right time. Was he building momentum? Sure. But he didn't have enough. And it wasn't like there wasn't a clear contender. There was Kobby Coington in champion. But the UFC needed that date. Those two fought on filled and so they rushed Till into a fight he was not ready for. He got crushed which was pointless but even more so really stifled all his momentum and confidence. It set his career back massively making this one doubly pointless. It it kills me that there was a man better than me in the octagon and that was tonight. Tylen was better. Number four, Bisp Bean's birthday present. Dana loves him some early tough guys. They're his boys. They helped build the promotion. And he must absolutely adore Michael Bispine because when he unbelievably earned middleweight gold against Luke Rockold with probably the greatest short notice win of all time, the UFC did everything they could to put Bispeen in fights that were somehow entirely irrelevant. Months after winning, Mike suggested fighting his old nemesis Dan Henderson as his first title defense on a UFC card that was to be held in Manchester, the Count's hometown. It's a fight that the fans want. Doing it in Manchester, England on paper sounds amazing. The two had a very memorable rivalry coaching tough together which culminated in one of the all-time great blowoff fights in UFC history where Hindo did the thing. Awesome. A rematch sounds absolutely perfect if it happened in like 2011. But this was 5 years later and things were vastly different in the division. For one, Bispine was champion, but more importantly, Hindo was number 13 at middleweight and had lost six of his last nine fights. But on the night that Mike won the title, Dan had an inexplicably awesome KO on Hector Lumbard and the UFC was like, "You know what? Nobody wants to see this cadre of killers we have lined up at the top of the division competing for gold like Yoel Romero or Robert Whitaker. Let's just do what Bispeen wants to do." The pointless fight turned out to be a great bout, but it didn't make it any more significant because it just wasn't. Luckily, afterwards, Bispane fought those top contenders and made things right. Oh, wait, no, he didn't. He waited a whole year and then fought GSP because Dana loves him some Michael Bispine. Number three, somehow Covington has returned. Colby being discussed in two different entries. I guess pointlessness just follows him wherever he goes. I joke, of course. Don't get upset, nerds and virgins. So, the Colster had an absolutely justified and legitimate claim to a title challenge. In 2018, the problem is that somehow carried over into 2023. Yeah, make that make any damn sense. Colby won intram welterweight gold as I mentioned earlier. Wrongley got the shaft for till against Woodley but did eventually get his chance at the gold against new champion Kamaru Usman. He put up one hell of an effort but ultimately fell short. 9 months later he would settle that Woodley score but it was late stage Woodley. Still the UFC would get him a title fight rematch against Usman for his efforts and he would again come up short. A few months later, he settled his longtime beef. Man, this guy has beef with everybody. With teammate Jorge Mazvidol, who by March of 2022 was very much not someone you earned a title challenge beating. But inexplicably, nearly 2 years later, with no activity, Cington was given a title fight with now champion Leon Edwards. It makes literally no sense at all, except when you realize the UFC just didn't want Bal Muhammad fighting for the title. But hey, if he won, it could totally justify Coington's challenge. Unfortunately, KBY would have one of the worst title fight performances in the history of the sport. Number two, Pat Militic's whole title rank. I'm not trying to be mean here. I think there's no way to look at Pat Militic but as a crucial pioneer in the sport of mixed martial arts. His gym was revolutionary and the pinnacle of modern US MMA training at its peak, and they produced some insanely good talent. All that said, though, his welterweight title reign didn't offer him the best competition. First of all, it should be noted that he lost three times during his title reign. Three during a title reign that lasted three years and that had four successful defenses. Pat Milichic unconscious. Jotaro Macau defeats UFC champion Pat Militic. Now, the bouts he lost were outside the UFC, but yeah, unusual that alone. He also won the title in the short pullingest fight in mixed martial arts history. But the level of competition he faced in his defenses is just man, it wasn't great. And mind you, the UFC, as I mentioned near the start, they were in a bad place. Pat was a Dark Ages champion, but it doesn't make these fighters any better. Jorge Patino, great jiu-jitsu, no doubt. But cage fighting, he'd fought guys that mostly don't even have records on tapology. Who doesn't have a tapology record? You watching this right now probably have a tapology record. And right before the fight with Militic, he'd lost twice to Ple, who also beat Pat during this period. He should have been champion. Pat is limping around. It looks like he can't continue. Something's wrong. The fight is over. Andre Pettys, fantastic coach later. A single pro bout to his name when they fought. John Allesio, 20 years old at the time. He had 10 pro fights, was already seven and three going into that fight. He'd go on to fight some decent names, but at the time he was way too green to be in there with Pat. And his final successful defense was a part of that last SEG Japan show against Kenichi Yamamoto who had absolutely no business in there with Pat. Then Carlos Newton came back from Pride and took Militic's title. Number one, Old Man Log Jam. Remember when the UFC booked heavyweight champion Jon Jones after nearly 2 years off against 42-year-old Stipe Miaic after nearly three years off, coming off a loss when they already had an interim champion waiting for a title fight. And then after that, Jon still hasn't competed against that interim champion or anybody else. And his title reign has been over 830 plus days with just a single fight in it. Remember that? Have you heard about that? Look, I am the biggest Stipe Miaic fan in the world. Okay, I literally gave him his Google overview nickname of Stone Cold. Nobody wanted to see Stipe in a title fight more than me. But even I could see that that fight with Jones, even when it was booked the first time and got delayed when Jon tore his Peek, was just a fight that made no sense. Let's be honest, these are two old farts fighting each other. Dana and the UFC kept saying that it was this huge legacy fight, but that's like saying Hoist versus Ken 3 in Bellator was some huge legacy fight for them. No, it wasn't. It was a cash grab on legendary name value. And really, the Stipe JBJ fight was no different. It pained me to see the outcome we got in the cage, too. It was the definition of a pointless title fight. And this is the guy who fought Shale Sunen for gold at 205 after he spent a decade 20 lb down coming off a loss. So Jon is no stranger to nonsense fights, but nothing will top the UFC forcing that Stipe bout when they did under the circumstances that they did. And I didn't directly mention Tom Aspenol once in that entry. How you like them apples? And how do you like the editor of this video, Max Randall? Please follow my dude on his socials. Go check out his awesome YouTube channel. The man's a legend. Thank you so much to our amazing channel members. Your guys' support is incredible. Fight fans, hit the join button, become a member as well. Get exclusive content. Like and subscribe or Kobe Coington gets another title shot. Leave a comment about which of these title fights you thought was the most pointless. And thank you so much for watching, guys. I'll catch you on the next one. [Music]