Kind: captions Language: en There are two types of long-term champions. There are the ones that are simply better than everyone else at everything and choose to manage their bouts carefully so as to mitigate risk and ensure a decisive victory. And then there are the ones that are simply better than everyone else and are actively looking to end your career. Those are the champions we're going to focus on today. The ones that when it came to the biggest fights, their gold on the line, they put their opponents away before the final horn. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point. These are the 10 most dangerous champions in MMA history. Number 10, four-way tie. We kick things off with four fighters that we consider the lowest threshold we were willing to accept to make it onto this list, and that is five title fight finishes at the very highest level, which is a high bar that these guys just barely cleared, but are absolutely worthy of discussion. So, first up, we got TJ Dillashaw. This little gremlin absolutely delivered when it came to title fights, and that is not easy at 135 lbs. They don't call him Kilashoff or nothing. Of course, he famously demolished Hinn and Brow twice with the poor Joe Sodto sandwiched in the middle there. And then he had those backto-back stops of Cody G. Dillashaw's power showing up in the most important moments makes him a dangerous champ and worthy of an entry. And the same goes for Randy Couture, also very much undized at heavyweight. And yet, he KOed Kevin Randleman. He KO'ed Pedro Hizo, he KOed Gabriel Gonzaga. That is a list of absolute monsters. And then at 205, the guy puts away Chuck Liddell and Vtor Belelffort, a pair of legends. Not to mention, he won UFC 13's tournament with a KO stoppage, but that's just a bonus. Then we have the Iceman himself. Chuck Liddell only ever got five title fight finishes, which doesn't seem right. But that was every championship bout he was in besides the ones he lost. Had his reign gone on longer or started sooner, he probably ends up popping up way later in this video. But it played out how it played out, and we're placing him here, right next to his rival, Randy. And finally, the Kroger J himself, BJ Penn. The dude takes out Matt Hughes when he is in god king status and then just leaves with the title. Eventually comes back, moves on to lightweight, makes Joe Stevenson cry. Sean Sherk, you're dead. He takes out tough alum Kenny Florian and Diego Sanchez before he runs into the brick wall that is Frankie Edgar. He didn't always win his title fights, but when he did, he was probably putting you away. Number nine, the mightiest of mice. Okay, I can already see it. Tommy, you put [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Demetrius Johnson over Chuck Liddell in a dangerous champions list. And I get it. DJ is not the first name that comes to mind when you hear danger, but he actually had quite a few title fight finishes. In fact, the third most in UFC history. He KO'edo Joe B and Henry Cejudo and then he subbed Baraga, Keraso, Horagiguchi, Hace, and Borg. That is seven stoppages. I think the reason you don't think of Johnson is because he was in 14 title fights. So 50/50 shot of him getting a stop doesn't really feel like danger. But that is still getting the job done seven times, which is a lot more than a lot of champions could say. A lot of champions don't even have seven title fights. And two of those are knockouts at 125. That's not easy to do. And dude, the flying arm bar, he absolutely belongs. That was insane. Not to mention that flying knee on Adriana Morizon one. Absolute perfection. Dude was a killer even if he was small. And I feel totally justified in placing him above the four we already discussed. But he is lower than a few other champions with less finishes simply because he had so many title bouts where he did not get the job done. Number eight, Frankie says results. Frank Shamrock is the earliest pioneer that absolutely deserves a spot on this list. He is the progenitor of modern training and in an era where winning by decision was finally feasible, he still chose destruction. His first ever finish for gold came via knee bar in an interim openweight pancra championship fight with Suzuki. He would only ever have a single other title fight in that promotion, a loss to boss root. But when he entered the UFC, he had a fiveight run that was exclusively title bouts and he batted a thousand. A 16-second finish of Kevin Jackson kicked it off, followed by a 22 second stoppage of Igor Zenovia. The most impressive by far, his fourth round stop of Tito Ortiz. He would get finishes in WEC and Strikeforce title bouts, but those weren't as well established yet, so they don't really boost his score much. And truly, if he wasn't fighting the likes of John Lober and Zenovv, he might have placed higher, but I feel pretty comfortable with him at number eight. Number seven, Lion Queen. The women's all-time goat, Amanda Nunez, might not have gotten there if she wasn't as brutal a finisher as she was. One of the scariest the women's divisions have ever seen. The way she dragged Misha Tate to get that sub to earn the gold initially, downright terrifying, brutalized one of the division's toughest fighters. She absolutely pieced up Rhonda, of course, a feat that doesn't get the credit it deserves for the perception of Rousey's career after it. demolished Pennington, another very tough, durable fighter. Made her literally quit, but her coaches refused to let her leave the cage. The biggest feather in her cap is without question the KO of Chris Cyborg. That bumps her way up. She got a headkick finish on Holm. She hit a reverse triangle arm bar on Megan Anderson, Nunees's finishes have been varied and nasty. And while she would only score six total title fight stops out of her 12 soon to be 13 title fights, the fact that she did them against nearly all the best of the rest ever in the larger weight classes minus Valentina, she's earned her spot. Number six, Rolling Stone Man. Alex Pereira is danger personified. He's one of the most feared strikers in MMA history and for very good reason. The dude has gotten it done within the allotted time in 85% of his career victories. Half the total fights in Poeton's MMA career have been title bouts in the UFC. has a crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stat. And lest we not forget, the guy has 21 KO victories at the highest level in kickboxing as well. All but one of his title fights, win or lose, has not seen the final horn. He famously took it from Izzy, Izzy famously took it back. And then other than losing the title to Ank. All of his light heavyweight title bouts were finishes. Yuri, Jamal, Yuri, Khalil. And when he got a rematch with Ank, who beat him via decision, he knocked him out in the first round. Absolutely terrifying. He has six title fight finishes. Maybe he'll be the first fighter in UFC history to have a championship finish in three different weight classes. Only time will tell. I have a feeling before his career is over, he'll end up being near the top of this list, but as of right now, he's sitting comfortably at number six. Number five, trophy hunter. It's hard to understand if you weren't of the era just how unstoppable Matt Hughes seemed. The dude was an ax for a welterweight. His head looked like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] toaster and his neck was thicker than Yoel Romero's quads. his first run as welterweight champion in the UFC. Five finishes in six fights before he coughed it up to BJ Penn. He was so good at finishing he knocked out Carlos Newton while being unconscious. He gets those five finishes, loses the gold, gets it back from GSP via armbbar, arguably his greatest victory. Subs Frank Trigg. Joe Riggs missed weight, but that should have counted as another finish. Murders Hoist Gracie for fun non-title. TKO's pin in a rematch. In total, eight finishes in nine title fights. This guy was allergic to judges. I get why he gets overshadowed by GSP, but Matt Hughes was one of the most definitive champions the UFC has ever had. If he was getting in the cage, he was getting the job done. Number four, Cold Bones. It's funny, Johnny Jones can be seen as a bit of a safe champion at times. His final three 205 lb defenses all went the distance. In two of those, it looked like he may not have done enough to get the scores he needed from the judges. And he couldn't put away Glover, DC in their first fight, or OSP in that interim title bout. But I would argue that Jones is an opportunity finisher. If he sees an opening, he's taking it. And those openings have happened quite a lot. His first three title defenses earned him stops. He TKOed Shogun to become youngest champ. He subbed Paige. He iconically subbed Macha. His pair of middleweight light heavyweight challengers, Vtor, and Chale. Finished those. Of course, he found the finish in that second DC fight, even though that doesn't count anymore. And of course, at heavyweight, he's been nothing but dominant, getting stops against Gan and old man Stipe. When you add it all up, that's eight finishes in title bouts, which is way up there. But he's also had 17 championship fights, so that percentage dings him a little bit in my eyes, but there is no denying that if a window opens up to get a stop, you are done if you're fighting JBJ. And he can do it in a thousand ways. Number three, mean face, fast walk. Say what you will about Ronda Rousey, and you will and have, and I'm sure there's going to be comments, but she's literally never seen a judge's scorecards in her entire career, not even once. She is the definition of a dangerous champion. You may not even see the first minute of your fight with her. That is prime Mike Tyson stuff. Not comparing their striking. I'm just talking about finishes, okay? The speed of finishes. We're not doing the Mayweather thing here. The thing is, before the UFC took up women's bantamweight, the division already existed as they adopted it. And Ronda was already destroying it, earning two finishes in Strikeforce title bouts against Misha Tate and Sarah Kaufman. Of course, she'd go on to have an unprecedented run with six UFC title bouts. all finishes, average time of 2 minutes 59 seconds. She had three finishes in under a minute. Her 14-second stoppage of Katsangano is the fastest finish in the division's history. Now, you might have heard that she ran into a little bit of trouble after that, but there's absolutely no denying that generally speaking, if Rhonda was in the cage with you, you were getting stopped and fast. Given that it was essentially an every time thing, she gets a higher spot than JBJ and Hughes in my book. Number two, Terminator. I do think sadly for Chris Cyborg, her loss to Amanda Nunes really did a huge number on her legacy with many less familiar fans, which I think is a disservice to just how dominant she was at 145 lbs. For the mainstream audience, featherweight kind of only existed after UFC 208 happened and Chris showed up in the UFC. But Cyborg was terminating opponents all the way back in 2008. And really, the best featherweights in the world all fought outside the UFC until 2017. So, how does her legacy hold up? between her Strikeforce featherweight title and her Invicta featherweight title. She finished everybody, all eight title fights. Now, her 16-second stoppage of Heroka Yamanaka was overturned because of her failed post-fight test. But even with that outcome, she is still deserving of this list. So, you have those eight could have been nine. Then, she gets into the UFC and earns two more, Tanya Ager and Jana Santos. The only two she doesn't finish in that period are Holly Holm and of course, Nunez. In total, seven first round stops in title fights. All of that alone, if she retired after Nunees, would put her in the spot she's in on this list. The six additional title fight finishes she's had in Bellator and PFL don't hold as much weight, but they hold at least some. Chris Cyborg is one of the most terrifying champions in MMA history. The only reason she's not number one over a champion with less finishes is the depth of 145 lbs. It was already thin to begin with because she started in the Pioneer days, but the other huge factor was more women choosing 135 because of Ronda and the UFC. It was the place with the most opportunities and the best went there largely. Hell, Rhonda left 145 because of Cyborg. If not for that, I would firmly place Chris at number one. She is a human wrecking ball. But as it is, she has to be number two. Now, let's talk about the honorables because I have to imagine you're fine with everyone we put on the list. Maybe not Mighty Mouse. Inevitably though, there's going to be fighters that you think of and say, "Why didn't X make THE CUT OR Y or even Z?" And so we're going to honor all the rest that deserve their flowers right here, right now. I'm sure Fedor and Bandy came to mind, right? Well, the problem is that those guys rarely had to ever defend their titles in Pride. Fedor has a single Pride title fight finish, Mark Hunt. And then what? We want to count Tim Sylvia for the Whamma title. It just doesn't work. Fedor is clearly one of the most dangerous heavyweights ever, but he didn't get to express that very often in championship bouts. Same with Vandy. He had six Pride FC title bouts and did get finishes in four, but four is not enough to make the list. Still, he deserves a mention. Boss Routten, five title fights between Pancra and UFC, three finishes. Then there were guys we excluded because they were winning in promotions that were just below the most major. Justin Gate, he had six finishes in World Series. A finish in the UFC for inim gold against Tony Ferguson, of course, but most of that is just not high enough to make the list. Patriceio Pitbull, the greatest Bellator champion ever. seven finishes, but in divisions the UFC largely dominated during his run. Not to mention, he was in 17 title fights, so he wasn't a high rate finisher. Did you know that Ben Ascrin had six title fight finishes? It's true. By contrast, Hector Lombard only has one Bellator title fight finish in his insane run. That's less than Askin had. KSW, fantastic promotion, international booking, great champions. Saladine Parnnas has eight finishes in title fights. Phil, or as I prefer to call him, Phil Fry, has 11 finishes. That's the most of anybody on this list but Cyborg, Satoshi Souza and Risa six finishes in title bouts. Bibiano Fernandez and Unl Song in one five a piece. They are all dangerous as hell champions. They just couldn't quite make the level of the other entries. Number one, along Came a Spider. If there is anything to be said about how intimidating being a finisher is, look no further than Anderson Silva. I mean, here's a guy with a voice like Michael Jackson that's almost always smiling and laughing. But in the cage, he was a horror movie franchise monster. Silva came into the UFC, demolished Chris Leeben, then played air guitar, earning him a title fight with Rich Franklin. He crushes Ace with a knee that is the knockout of the year. Travis Lutter can't make weight as his first defense. Doesn't matter. He's getting it, too. Nate Mark finish. Oh, Rich Franklin's back. Getting finished again in his hometown this time. Dan Henderson, the biggest perceived threat so far, done in the second round. The spider then did the UFC a favor by fighting at 205 to counterprogram affliction and KO James Irvin. Then Patrick Cotay was so intimidated by Silva he took himself out with a knee injury in the third round. It is only here where we get Silva's very first decision in the UFC. He started his run with eight straight finishes mostly in title bouts. Talis latest survived. Forest Griffin was 205 non-title of course but it still had that legendary anchor punch finish. His next stop though is the greatest Hail Mary sub in MMA history against Chale Sunen in the closing seconds of that fight. And he tops that off with that iconic front kick KO against Vtor Belffor. Guys, it's not even an argument. This is the most dangerous champion. I know Cyborg has more championship stops, but who did it better than the Spider? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nobody. We're not done, by the way. He also finished Ein Kami and Chaos Sonnen again before that weird Stefan Bonner fight. Also a finish. Then he loses the title. Nine finishes in UFC championship bouts. It's the UFC record. He has the record for the longest finishing streak with eight. There was nothing like this man in the sport and there hasn't been since. Except for the editor of this video, Luke Taylor. Follow him on his socials. Check out his YouTube channel and befriend him on Roblox. A massive thank you to our channel members. Your support is hugely helpful. If you want to be helpful too and get exclusive content, hit that join button, like and subscribe because we do this all week long. A lot to discuss with this particular topic. Leave a comment. I'd love to hear it. I always read them. Thank you guys so much for watching. Catch you on the flip side.