Kind: captions Language: en [music] If a series of fights is important enough and entertaining enough for audiences to want to see two competitors three separate times, you know that you have something special. &gt;&gt; When you see him and I always be a fight, that's a promise. I guess we'll be uh meeting each other sometime again. I hope. Anyways, &gt;&gt; MMA has a rich history of trilogies that have created some of the most iconic rivalries this sport has ever produced. and I am going to take the daunting task of ranking the greatest right now. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are the 10 best trilogies in MMA history. My criteria for what makes a trilogy great are simple. I'm looking for incredible and competitive fights that were significant and that you should watch. That is what is guiding me. Oh, and if they ended up having more than three fights, they're no longer in the running. Sorry, Paige versus Van Dy. Scott Coker, you monster. All right, so keep in mind my logic as we go through these and kick things off with number 10, McGregor Porier. Hot take, Conor McGregor's greatest rival is Dustin Porier. &gt;&gt; Why you BULLY ME? I'M RIGHT. &gt;&gt; I KNOW THAT SOUNDS LIKE blaspheming considering his wars with Nate Diaz and hatred for Habib, but the alpha and omega of Connor's career was kind of Dustin, and the trilogy was fantastic spectacle. Corier was Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s first bigname opponent. Max wasn't as established yet when they fought, but Dustin was nine fights into the UFC already and had already built a bit of a rep. The build to this one and the mind games were fantastic. &gt;&gt; Dustin thinks it's all talk, but when he wakes up with his nose plastered on the other side of his face, he's going to know it's not all talk. It's going to be a first round KO. Mark my words. &gt;&gt; Connor would get that devastating KO and throw out that Mystic Mack line. &gt;&gt; I don't just knock them out. I picked the round. You can call me Mystic Match because I predict these things. &gt;&gt; It was awesome. You know what though? Dustin got a couple pretty solid shots in there prior to the finish. That should be noted. The pair of rematches they would have would take place after Connor had been and done it all. This was late Connor, 2021 Connor up to now, the end of Connor in the cage. Part of what I loved about where Dustin was is that he never quite got there, right? He never quite became champion. And here he was against the biggest star of his generation, a man who had beaten him. It was his chance to prove his greatness yet again. The scope of these two fights absolutely gargantuan. The first bout, Dustin took it to Connor. His first ever KO TKO loss. Who'd have ever thunk it? While Connor was pretty chill in the buildup to the first one, he went scorched earth psycho in the buildup to the second. &gt;&gt; He's a corpse, a dead body, a blank face is going to get his ass whooped and took out on the stretcher. Now, that fight has a horrible ending with that insane leg break. But for what these fights were, even that ending with an insane Connor screaming about DMs and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it was still the spectacle and madness that everybody expected and wanted to see. Entertainment value on that trilogy through the freaking roof. Number nine, Johnson Marice. It didn't seem like Demetrius Johnson was going to get much of a meaningful post script to his UFC career. after losing his title and heading to one championship, it looked like the most significant portion of the greatest flyweight ever's career had ended. But after winning the promotions flyweight GP, which is actually bantamweight, Johnson was presented with the last great adventure of his career in Adriana Morice. Adriana was the three-time flyweight champion for one. He was in eight title fights, avenged his only two losses. A formidable opponent, but this was Mighty Mouse. And so he was a giant favorite going in, but with a new rule set, he would see himself get knocked out for the first time in his career. &gt;&gt; It's good NIGHT IRENE. ADRIANA Maras defeats Demetrius Johnson. &gt;&gt; IT was shocking to see. Had our king fallen off? Well, he would answer that question in a rematch a year and a half later at the end of four great COMPETITIVE ROUNDS. BIG KNEE. HE DID IT. &gt;&gt; DJ JUST MADE A STATEMENT. DJ just [cheering] made a statement. &gt;&gt; Johnson's knee of the flying variety. One of the most amazing knockouts you will ever see. It is just so smooth. My god. So, we got those two incredibly highlevel fights between these guys up to the finishes. Obviously, a rubber match was going to have to happen. While not as exciting as the previous two bouts, it is such highlevel mixed to martial arts. It's a joy to watch. And it ends DJ's MMA career with an impressive UD victory that added to his already ridiculous legacy. &gt;&gt; Demetrius Johnson is probably right now the best ever. The best ever. Yeah, I agree. &gt;&gt; Number eight, Velasquez Dos Santos. All right, so I know that the three heavyweight title fights between Kane Velasquez and Juda Doss Santos weren't particularly competitive. &gt;&gt; Stop. [laughter] He's already dead. &gt;&gt; But these fights belong for several reasons. One, prior to Stipe Mia versus Daniel Cormier, this was absolutely the highest level trilogy that had ever happened at heavyweight outside Fedor versus Noggera. Two, the spectacle we got from all three of these fights is something to behold, competitive or not. The first time they met was after Kane dethroned Brock Lesnar while looking like the most well-rounded heavyweight since Ameiliao. and JDS had rattled off seven straight in the UFC and completely dominated Super Shredder Shane Carwin. The matchup would kick off the UFC on Fox, but I'm guessing the execs could not have been happy with the outcome because 64 seconds in, JDS snatched Kane's soul like Shangsung. &gt;&gt; JUNIOR DO SANTOS IS THE NEW UFC [screaming] HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD. VELASQUEZ would have to earn his way back to Dos Santos, but when he did, my goodness did he make the argument that the first fight was a fluke. It was a massacre, over 25 minutes. And while JDS was able to endure it, it wasn't for lack of trying by Kane to finish. A devastating outing, but their third fight was even worse for Dos Santos. More strikes landed, and this time around, a brutal fifth round finish. JDS looked like he ate a pecan pie with a tree nut allergy after the fight. Two vicious beatings. Vicious. Kane beat him up both times real bad. &gt;&gt; Lopsided bouts are generally not entertaining, but these three absolutely were and are totally worth anybody's time to experience. Number seven, Melendez Thompson. There are a few things that defined Strikeforce's greatness, and one of them was the top tier trilogy between Gilbert Melendez and Josh Thompson. All three times, gold was on the line, and all three times these fights delivered. First time around, Gil was champ. He'd taken the lightweight title from Klay Guida, who had beaten Thompson in the belts inaugural contest. So MMA math had Melinda as a huge favorite, but Thompson overwhelmed Gilbert with leg kicks, volume, and superior grappling, taking all five rounds in a stunner. &gt;&gt; A shortlived reign for Gilbert Melendez. He was pumped tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can't say that again. After that, Josh would get hurt and need some time off shortly after the win, but Melendez would earn interim gold to get his chance at avenging his only promotional loss. Their second fight is an all-time classic. Many outlets had it as 2009's fight of the year. The last round is an absolute banger. When the smoke cleared, Gil had taken back his gold, avenged his loss, and right before he would leave for the UFC, now being touted as possibly the best lightweight in the world, they would throw down for a third and final time. Another classic, this one very close. You could absolutely argue that Thompson won, but the split decision would go to Gilbert on his way out. If there was ever a trilogy that deserved and needed a fourth fight, it was Thompson Melendez. But sadly, it just never happened in the UFC. For as good as Strikeforce was, their trilogy was one of the promotions peaks. &gt;&gt; Every every pro MMA guy needs a nemesis. Gilbert Lenn was always mine, you know, and every single time we fought, he made me a better fighter. He made me think that I could do better. &gt;&gt; Number six, Faber Cruz. In 2007, Uriah Faber was the guy when it came to smaller weight classes. 17-1 titles in WEC and King of the Cage, he was beating everyone there was to beat. Enter 21-year-old Dominic Cruz. his first WEC bout in a title shot against Faber at featherweight. He was doing well in the opening minute and then got caught in a guillotine choke and that was it. I guess that's the end of their story. I guess their story will have no other chapters. I'm just kidding. After the loss, Cruz would move down to bantamweight and rattle off seven straight wins, win gold, beat Faber's teammate Joseph Benvidz twice, and enter the UFC as the division's inaugural champion. After struggling with the likes of Matt Brown and Jose Aldo, Faber moved back down to bantamweight right before the UFC merger and got himself a shot at Dom's gold. &gt;&gt; I've been waiting for this fight for four years. I'm going to keep that belt and I'm going to whoop him tomorrow night. &gt;&gt; For Cruz, this was the chance to avenge his only career loss and this fight is a banger. The best of their trilogy by far. They beat the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of each other. But the clear winner on the cards after 25 was dumb. The pair would meet again 5 years later and things had changed. considerably. Most notably, Cruz spent most of that time injured and away from the sport. But in a triumphant return in 2016, he would defeat another Faber adjacent fighter in TJ Dillashaw before the rivals would meet one last time. The build to their final encounter was hilarious, fun, and heated. &gt;&gt; He's finished one guy in his entire Zufa career. &gt;&gt; I fight the best and I win. I win against the best. He loses against the best. The fight itself though was almost all Cruz taking all five rounds on two judges cards easily. Dom left no doubt who the better fighter was and made up for that first career loss and then some. Number five, Hughes St. Pierre. Matt Hughes's two greatest rivals gave him two all-time trilogies. I love the BJ Penn rivalry. The setup was great. Hughes was god king at welterweight. Five defenses, unbeatable. Pin came up from lightweight, a guy with all the potential that hadn't put it together yet, and stunned everybody by working Matt over and subbing him in a round. &gt;&gt; WE HAVE A NEW WELTERWEIGHT CHAMPION. A NEW WELTERWEIGHT CHAMPION. &gt;&gt; AFTER THAT, HE WOULD RUN AWAY TO K1 with the title, a literal heist. Two and a half years later, they'd rematch. Hughes was champion again. Penn returned from K1, an absolute classic that ended with Matt getting a KO to avenge his loss. They'd meet one last time near the end of the relevance for both guys where Pin would KO Hughes in 21 seconds. Fantastic moment. I loved it. But the rivalry that is even better and is the trilogy for this entry is Matt's fights with George St. Pierre. All three were title fights, one intram, and all three were such pivotal moments for both men. The first time they met, GSP was too green. He was only 7-0 in his pro career, and he was fighting Matt freaking Hughes. &gt;&gt; I thought it was a joke because I did not believe in it. And and I and to tell you frankly, I did not want that fight. I was scared to death. I I I knew I wasn't ready. &gt;&gt; St. Pierre was star struck and got armbarred in the first round. Their second encounter, GSP worked his way back to his idol. Five wins in a row. And this time around, he was ready. &gt;&gt; This loss is the best thing happened in my career. Now I'm twice stronger than I was when I fought him. And I'm twice uh more confident than I was. &gt;&gt; He found equal footing with Hughes. and in the second round would get a dramatic headkick finish to earn welterweight gold. But then he shockingly lost that title to Matt Sarah and was forced to work his way back up yet again. The final obstacle, an entrum title fight with Hughes once more. This one was the real passing of the torch. With the second round arm bar of a living legend, St. Pierre had conquered the greatest and would go on to surpass him. Number four, Edgar Maynard. When I think of what makes Frankie Edgar a legend in this sport, I think of the Grey Maynard fights. The very first loss of Frankie's career was against Gray. They were both unbeaten, both hot prospects, and Maynard took him down at will, winning all three rounds. They both got to the title picture right around the same time with Frankie making it to BJ Penn slightly earlier. After Edgar had secured the title and won the rematch, Maynard was the clear number one contender and their second fight was like something out of a movie. I remember I think the fourth round Mark, my coach Mark was like, you know, telling me, "We got one more round." And in my head I'm like, "One more round? What happened to three and four?" I didn't remember at all. &gt;&gt; Edgar would get knocked down three times in the first round. I still don't know how he survived it, but he did. And he rallied hard the rest of the fight, but the result was a split draw, a devastating conclusion. Showtime Pettis was supposed to be up next for gold, but that fight was so damn good and the resolution so unresolved that they did it yet again. And my god, again, Maynard nearly finished Edgar in the first round. They had a damn repeat. But unlike last time, this one actually had an ending as Frankie's rally would turn into a finish by the fourth round. This trilogy is one of the most entertaining this sport has ever had. The grit and never give up that defined Frankie came from those two fights, and they reinvigorated the lightweight division after losing the ultra popular pin from the top of it. Number three, Holloway Porier. Yeah, boy. &gt;&gt; Max Holloway is excitement in human form, and he had two trilogies that are worthy of this list. His series of title bouts with Alexander Vulcanowski are incredible. 75 minutes of some of the highest level MMA you will ever see. Even though Vulk got the nod all three times, most feel Max should have won the second fight on the cards, but they are fantastic. As amazing as that championship trilogy is, though, his trilogy with Dustin Porier is the stuff that makes this sport what it is. Now, their first encounter is historically interesting, but wasn't exactly a barn burner. It was Holloway's UFC debut. He was like 13 years old, I believe. Dustin was slightly more established and yet to lose in the UFC. And Max would get subbed by the Diamond in the first round. All right, so now cut to 7 years later, and both these men had blossomed into bonafide stars with reputations for putting on bangers. Max was on a 13ight win streak. He was the reigning defending featherweight champion, moving up a weight class to get an interim title in a guaranteed fight with Habib. Dustin had just taken out Justin Gachi and former champ Eddie Alvarez in the year previous. That hat that Dustin likes to wear. This was that fight. This was a war. I mean, they beat the absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of each other. But Porier would wear Max down, something we had never seen before, and won on the cards. an instant classic and a defining victory for Dustin with that title being put around his waist with him beating Max's 13ight win streak. This was the moment of validation he had always been searching for. And so, how incredibly fitting that their third fight, the BMF title this time would be the last of Dustin's career, a perfect sendoff. It was another legendary throwdown. And while this time Max would be the one wearing down his opponent, Dustin went out blazing. This trilogy was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome. Number two, Root and Shamrock. &gt;&gt; Hook a brother up with some old school. &gt;&gt; If you want to get into old school Japanese mixed martial arts, but you don't know what your entry point should be, the trilogy between Boss Routten and Frank Shamrock and Pancra is the way to go. All three of their fights are exciting, close, and escalate in awesomeness. It's pretty damn wild that their first encounter at the first ever King of Pancra tournament would be Frank Shamrock's first professional bout, period. It is insane. Boss was so much more wellestablished. He'd already beaten the legendary Minou Suzuki, but where he struggled was grappling. He'd lost just a few months earlier to Frank's brother and coach, Ken. So, Frank was able to utilize that weakness to earn a narrow majority decision. One boss still refutes, as do plenty of fans. &gt;&gt; I thought for sure that I won the fight. I made $1,800 to fight Boss Routin. &gt;&gt; The second time they met up, a year and a half had passed. Routin was hellbent on becoming a grappler to compliment his kickboxing, and this time he was able to score a split decision with his improved skills. And while those two matchups are great, it is their third fight that is iconic. Boss had become the pancra openweight champion and won five in a row, but when he got injured, the promotion made an interim title that Frank had won. Their unification bout was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] legendary. It's where that amazing shot of Frank sticking his tongue out at boss comes from that I'm sure you've seen. Sadly, it ends with a cut, meaning Routten would unify and retain. But that fight was essentially the two best in the world near peak going at it. It does not get much better. There are so many great trilogies in this sport. So, before we get to number one, some honorable mentions. Spencer Fischer versus Sam Stout. These guys had absolute wars. The quality of the fights is not in question, but their significance was lacking considerably. Totally worth a watch though. Shiny Aayoki versus Yokim Hansen. The fights were just a bit too short, but some fantastic finishes. Tito Ortiz versus Forest Griffin. These fights were all great, all close, but ultimately didn't really mean a whole lot for either fighter legacy. Tito versus Ken can get a shout for their importance, but those were just flatout not competitive at all. Usman versus Edwards, really just a single great moment. Not great fights. DC versus Stipe. Amazing moments. DC becoming Double Champ, the comeback in the second fight by Stipe, but he got knocked off the list by the quite sad, crowdless final bout. It's just too depressing an ending to include. Sakuraba versus Vandy. Iconic, important, check, and check. Competitive, not even remotely. Saku never should have fought Silva more than once. And finally, Fedor versus Big Nog. Massively important trilogy between two all-time great heavyweights. Unfortunately, it's not much of a trilogy in anything but name really since the second fight got stopped because of a cut from an accidental headbutt early on. And with those out of the way, let's talk about number one, Liddell Couture. &gt;&gt; Randy Couture IS GOING TO STOP CHUCK LIDDELL. UNBELIEVABLE. When Randy Couture knocked out Chuck Liddell, it looked like a disaster for the UFC. The Iceman was everything the promotion wanted their brand to be. And he just got flattened by an old hasb been wrestler, but the upset would create an all-time trilogy and help elevate both men to legend status. That first fight was for interim gold because Tito Ortiz refused to defend against Liddell. So Randy, a former heavyweight champion coming up on 40 years old, was brought into the light heavyweight division for the first time ever as part of the pressure campaign. Let's see Tito deny Chuck when he's got the first inim title in UFC history. But as I stated, it turns out the old man still had it. Not only was his knockout a stunner, but he'd then go on to take the title from Tito after that. The timing of their rematch was perfect though. Both had just coached the first season of Tough. And that historic finale was literally the week prior. It felt like the biggest title fight in UFC history. And in many ways, it was. Liddell would score a firstround KO that was just as shocking as the original fight's outcome. And a moment so great and iconic, Dana White immortalized it on a wall at the former UFC HQ. Less than a year later, we would get that trilogy bout, the biggest and most watched of their encounters. The fight broke the gate record back when that didn't happen every couple months. It was such a huge deal. Every second of these fights is electric. You can feel it in the crowd. Liddell would score another KO victory over his rival and seal the deal on this legendary trilogy that is just about as perfect as it gets. Perfect like the editor of this video, Max Randall. He did an amazing job here. Please follow him on his socials. Go check out his awesome YouTube channel and give him a high five. Shout out to Cole B, one of our channel members, for coming up with this list idea. And thank you to all of our other members as well. If you want to become one yourself, hit the join button, get exclusive content, maybe have some say in a video like Cole. Like and subscribe because we always got your MMA fix. Leave a comment about which of these trilogies was your favorite. And thank you so much for watching. Have a wonderful day. [music]