Kind: captions Language: en If all is well that ends well, then when it doesn't end well, it's an absolute disaster. And oh man, have title fights in this insane sport we sometimes call cage fighting ended in absolutely awful ways. It does not matter how great that fight was going up to that climactic moment, it instantly made everybody feel bitter and sad and angry and entirely unsatisfied. Let's relive those feelings right now. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are the 10 most catastrophic endings to title fights ever. Number 10, Pride Never Die. The Bellator Ryzen events were some of the cooler cross promotional deals we've gotten in the [music] recent history of the sport back when Bellator was still a thing. RIP. Their second show was to crown the champion of a new division for the longrunning number two promotion in the sport, flyweight. And who better to kickstart that division on that particular show than former Bellator and Ryzen bantamweight champion Kyoji Horiguchi. A standout Japanese fighter throwing down inside Thomas Super Arena. It doesn't get much better. Just kidding. Yes, it does. Another homegrown talent, the upand cominging 23-year-old Makoto Shinu. He was the former deep and cage Fury FC flyweight champ. Three finishes in his last three appearances with Ryzen. This was a no-brainer choice to kick off this division. And sadly, that just wouldn't happen. 25 seconds into this thing, Kioji reached out with his left before throwing a right and gave Shinyu a big old heaping helping of fingers to the eye. Yum. &gt;&gt; Yeah. As Horaguchi came out, those fingers got extended. They absolutely touched the right eye of Makoto Shinu. Yep. And the fight is over. &gt;&gt; The fight is over. &gt;&gt; He says that he can't see out of that eye. &gt;&gt; Just like Tom Aspenol, Makoto couldn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] see a thing, mate. And as a result, the fight was stopped. The title remained vacant in the division that hadn't even existed until now. A total disaster. Worst kickoff to a division possible. And the promotion died before they could even rectify it. Shinyu actually suffered a pretty nasty corial abrasion with some bleeding and swelling inside the eye. So definitely wasn't good to go 25 with the Typhoon. Later that year, they'd rematch for Rise and Gold with Horuchi coming out on top. Number nine, 86th for Life. Late replacement title fights are always a roll of the dice, but the SCG era early UFC learned the hard way that putting a fighter in the cage with no prep time can lead to a fight that absolutely sucks. Van Severn was meant to fight for a second time for the UFC heavyweight title after his failed attempt to capture it in the belt's inaugural contest against Mark Coleman. Maurice Smith had shockingly taken the title from Coleman [music] in his first defense. And so now Smith would have to overcome another wrestler and one of the best in the game in 1997. But Severn, this absolute lunatic, well, he fought at Pride 1, literally the week before UFC 15 when he was scheduled to fight Smith. &gt;&gt; No, he's crazy. &gt;&gt; After injuring his hand in Japan, Dan was out. And an already struggling UFC desperately needed a replacement fighter. The solution was honestly the best and worst possible choice. Tank Abbott, everybody's favorite loser, and I say that with affection. Dude came up short in four UFC tournaments, but he fought like a barb brawler because he was one and everybody loved him. perfect guy for a quick fix. Other than the fact that you threw him in the cage on days notice, Tank shot his whole wad in the first 6 minutes, but truthfully was in a pretty solid spot on top of Smith. When the action slowed down though, because Tank's tank depleted, Big John stood him up and oh dear god, I have never seen any human suck wind like that man did. And Tank now start to look tired. &gt;&gt; After a couple leg kicks, Abbott, who was literally just hunched over gasping for air, he quit. He just said, "Nah, I'm done. I did what I could do. &gt;&gt; I haven't been training. and I've been partying. I stepped up a bar stool. I stepped into the Boxagon tonight. &gt;&gt; It was massively disappointing, especially from a fan favorite like Tank, but everybody was in a bad position that night. This was always the most likely outcome, and it unfortunately played out that way. Number eight, legendary disappointment. The scale of Pride FC's events was just stupid. The first time Fedor and Noggera met at Pride 25 for the heavyweight title, it felt like this massive moment. Up to that point, but for a freak cut, Fedor was unbeaten. Noggera had already reached living legend status and avenged his only ever loss against Dan Henderson. This fight was massive and a masterpiece. It is such a great fight. What an amazing amazing match. Best show ever. Milgger's heart and soul kept him in the fight. Any other mere mortal would have succumbed to the onslaught. Over the next year, both of their careers would surge towards the 2004 heavyweight GP, and they would meet for a second time in the finals. Could Fedor do it again? Would Noggera regain his gold? I mean, good lord, what a moment. The absolute peak of the heavyweight division in its short history. And then an accidental headbutt ruined everything. &gt;&gt; Oh, HE'S CUTEN BADLY. &gt;&gt; OH, that will be too bad. We don't want to see &gt;&gt; there will be a no contest. I think &gt;&gt; tournament of this stature end like this. &gt;&gt; The tournament, the title, everything was on the line and we had to stop it in the first four minutes because of a stupid cut from a stupid accident. Worstcase scenario all around. The only reason it's not ranked higher is because it did lead us to the rematch where all those high stakes on the biggest card of the year, New Year's Eve. Another all-time classic moment. But yeah, to see the tournament's ending earlier that year fall apart because of something so anticlimactic, just sucked. Number seven, biggest massive failure, Diaz versus Mazvidal, a fight built around a gimmick where there was literally only one ending that wouldn't have been acceptable in a bout that is meant to crown the baddest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Watch your profamity. &gt;&gt; And that is a finish that is anything but bad. Like a doctor's stoppage. Oh, you had to have a checkup in the middle of the fight and the dork with the medical degree decided that you're not the baddest &gt;&gt; mommy fudger &gt;&gt; because you got a boo boo. What are we doing? Doctors should have been barred from the entire city. There shouldn't be any officials in BMF title fights. All right, now hyperbole aside, the outcome was probably headed for Masvidol being crowned BMF by Mark Cerr anyway. I mean, he was piecing Diaz up all fight. But the thing is, Dr. Stopppage is easily the least badass TKO. And when you're talking about Nate Diaz, he is the king of getting his dick kicked in and then making people look silly. &gt;&gt; Well, you sneeze on me, I believe. So, it's not a thing. &gt;&gt; It's amazing the BMF title survived that outcome, honestly. Number six, Canadian Chaos. Okay, so a really bad decision isn't what makes for a title fight to be on this list because there's a ton of those. That's a normal thing that happens in this sport. It needs to be a pretty extraordinary circumstance, and golly, do we have one with GSP Hendrickx. Now, the fight itself was totally fine. It was great. In fact, it's just everything after that. While the bout was a close one, it was actually fairly easy to read. Rounds two and four very clearly went to Hendrickx and rounds three and five to the champ. The first round was close in terms of perception. But if you watch it back, it's pretty hard to see it any way. For Johnny, I think we may have a new welterweight champion. And that's the thing, a pretty huge chunk of the MMA world did. Every media outlet listed on MMA decisions gave the fight to Hendrickx on that night. Now again, a bad decision in and of itself is not worthy of the list. But then chaos erupts afterwards. The decision comes in. Everybody is reeling. And then here comes GSP on the mic with this weird wishywashy cryptic halfretirement speech. I &gt;&gt; I have to step away for a bit and uh later on I'll make a point on that. &gt;&gt; What the HELL IS EVEN THAT? THAT IS HOW the broadcast ended before fans could even process the decision. Now GSP is leaving the biggest star in the sport. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is happening? Dana White was absolutely fuming. &gt;&gt; You You don't You don't just say, "Hey, I'm going to take a a while off and maybe I'll be back, maybe I won't." Whatever the hell it was that he was saying, uh, that's not how it works. [music] Doesn't work that way. &gt;&gt; It felt like the whole sport was collapsing. I am being a bit dramatic here, but seriously, it was one of those, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what is going on nights?" And we didn't really get the answers we needed at the presser either. Just more confusion and outrage. Thank goodness that was not GSP's exit from the sport because oh buddy. Number five, no vacancy. A title fight that goes to a draw really has to be something special for fans to not be completely outraged that the resolution to the bout was that nobody won. That just doesn't sit right with sports fans. And it's pretty unique to fighting because most actual title matches in other sports don't allow for ties. So unless it's like Frankie Edgar versus Grey Maynard 2 where it was just this epic thing, everybody is going to be sour about a draw. Grao Shvchenko 2, BJ Penn versus Cal Uno, a fight that essentially banished the lightweight division to the Phantom Zone for years. But at least at that point, the UFC was still kind of dead and the lightweight division was relatively unestablished. The worst case scenario would be what happened with Yon Blahovich and Magamad Ankallayia. The light heavyweight division, one of the most prestigious in the history of the promotion, Frank Shamrock, Tito, Chuck and Randy, Jon Jones, Daniel Cormier. But when JBJ vacated, he left a [music] massive vacuum at the top that was being randomly filled. It felt like Yan, Glover, Yuri, and then Prohaskca gets hurt. So, a division that was already struggling has a vacant title again just 2 years after resetting. Even worse than the fact that the fight was a draw, it was a fight that frustrated a lot of fans in terms of the action itself. And perhaps most egregiously, we should have been moving on with things because a pretty substantial chunk of the community thought the judges should have given the nod to Ank. &gt;&gt; The telling thing is Bohovich thought he lost the fight. &gt;&gt; Right at the end of it, Bohovic said, "Give him the belt." &gt;&gt; The fight and situation sucked so bad the UFC immediately booked a new vacant title fight with Jabal Hill and Glover Tasher for literally weeks later. &gt;&gt; Is that done? &gt;&gt; Done. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. &gt;&gt; Number four. Hello, John. In my mind, I figured there were only two possible outcomes for Siriel Gan versus Tom Aspenol. One, Tom wins and we march on as everybody expected. Least impact most likely. Two, Gan wins and completely destroys anything that heavyweights meant since Stipe Mia lost the title to Francis Enanu. Since two other fighters with claims to best heavyweight in the world had already beat him, little did I know there was a third option. A first round eye poke that leaves Aspenol in somehow a worse spot than having just lost. You just aren't moving me like it's my fault. get double pose in the eye. &gt;&gt; Because in MMA, there's only one thing you can't be, and that is a quitter. And while I think it was perfectly reasonable to stop fighting when an eye poke makes you blind, there are plenty who now see Tom and his legacy at heavyweight differently. &gt;&gt; That's a pun. &gt;&gt; Got it. Yep. &gt;&gt; Even worse for him, he might have and very likely did lose that first round. So, he wasn't doing super great in the first place. And now we got to do this whole thing over again instead of maybe something really cool if Poeton stepped up next. Not to mention in the dying days of pay-per-view, $80 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dollars for that finish. The only NC title fight finish to be called on the night. Just the most bitter ending possible to end a card. I'm going to gag if I keep talking about it. Number three, &gt;&gt; I'M HERE LIVE WITH VICTOR BELELFFORD. &gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT, TIME FOR AN OLD man Tommy story. See, back in the old days, you know how we had to watch fights on pay-per-view or we had to wait for it to come out on VHS. There was this other thing called DVDs coming out. I don't think it ever took off. Anyway, I did not see Randy Couture versus Vtor Belffort on pay-per-view because my family didn't have the little box thing to buy it, so I was always behind until the home release. Luckily, my local Blockbuster always had them. So, I picked it up and ran home to watch what was surely an epic confrontation. To be fair, getting to see BJ Penn beat Matt Hughes made the rental worth it, but I was pissed when Belffort won the title by scratching Randy Couture's eye with the first missed strike he threw. you know, the nature of the injury itself, but I wasn't sure I was going to get my vision back. I certainly didn't want to go out that way. &gt;&gt; What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] AND IT WAS A TKO. AT LEAST SIR Gan had the decency to damage Aspenol's eye with something illegal. That way, the title wouldn't change hands. Vtor took the gold in the worst way possible. And light heavyweight did not need this mess. Randy was the unexpected star of the division. Taking out Chuck Liddell and Champ Tito Ortiz back to back. So, for this whole debacle to happen and force a rematch was not what pre-tuff boom zufa needed at all, Randy would gain the title back and put the galaxy at peace. But I'm still pissed about that rental to this day. Number two, give me a break. By the time of the second Chris Weidman fight, Anderson Silva was one of the few fighters that casual fans would go out of their way to watch. The night they had their rematch for the middleweight title, I was in a room packed full of my family who couldn't have named three fighters other than Silva. But they wanted to see if he could win the rematch. if he could regain his title after that shocking KO loss that went mega viral. The card did about a million buys, but I suspect there were plenty of jam-packed living rooms like mine. And what did all these occasional MMA fans witness? Just one of the most traumatizing moments in the history of televised sports. [screaming] Sleep well everybody. Hope you enjoyed your brief foray into cage fighting. Not to get too far into it, but that type of break is uniquely awful in cage fighting because nobody is wearing anything to cover it up like in most other sports. So yeah, not only did we not get a clean resolution to this saga between Weidman [music] and Silva, although to be fair, I think the first round was indicating that they were probably headed towards a similar outcome to the first fight, but we also had to witness something stomach turnurningly awful. Sure, everybody was bummed about the fight itself ending in a bad way. But watching this living legend crying out in pain as he gets carried away from the cage, it was just one of those nights you're laying in bed afterwards wondering why you watch this stuff. Number one, disqualified. DQs are so incredibly rare in the UFC. It's just one of those outcomes that is really hard to come by. Most vows are deemed unintentional anyway and lead to a no contest if they end a bout. So, it's pretty damn hard to get disqualified, let alone in a title fight, a bout that is exceedingly rare in comparison to non-title bouts. This circumstance is so rare, it's only happened once. Perhan was well on his way to retaining the banterweight title against Alja Sterling. He was up two rounds on two judges cards with just 30 seconds left in the fourth round that was absolutely going to be scored for him as well, putting him in Misha Tate just coast mode for the fifth and final. But then Yan did the dumbest thing possible. &gt;&gt; That's illegal. &gt;&gt; His knee was down. &gt;&gt; His knee was all the way down. Since the knee was so obviously illegal, it was a DQ and for the only time ever, a UFC title changed hands via disqualification. Now, that alone would have made this moment controversial, but when you factor in a lot of the fandom's dislike of Aljo and their perception that he milked the illegal knee, it was a perfect storm to make for the worst title fight finish of all time. The second fight would split a lot of fans on who actually won, but it was certainly a better showing from Sterling. Didn't matter. The ending of the first fight was so bad it retroactively [music] tainted the rematch in a lot of fans eyes. Speaking of disaster endings to title fights, Aljo followed those two up with TJ Dillashaw walking out with an arm that was for all intents and purposes several strings of overcooked spaghetti twisted together. Now, that was not his fault, but that dude had a rough run with fans with that title. You know what the best ending to this video is? Thanking its editor, Max Randall. Please follow him on his socials and go check out his YouTube channel. A big old thanks to all those channel members scrolling along there on the screen. Truly, your support is so awesome. Thank you so much. Hit that join button to get some exclusive content. Like and subscribe because I do this all the time. Leave a comment about which of these outcomes pissed you off the most. And thank you kindly for watching. You have a good one now.