Kind: captions Language: en According to the old sports cliche from Mark Spitz, Michael Schumacher, Michael Phelps, Red Arbok, Wayne Gretzky, we have no idea who said this originally. Records are meant to be broken. Well, the UFC is absolutely adhering to that because there's 20 at the moment that are dangerously close to getting overtaken literally right this moment. And I say that figuratively, but very soon. I'm Tommy and these are UFC records on the cusp of being broken right now. A few caveats, though. There's actually about 50 that are little records the UFC keeps that are very close to being overtaken, but the majority of those are just not interesting. So rather than waste your time with all of those, we're just going to talk about the compelling ones. Oh, also the vast majority of these are divisional records that we're going to go through smallest to largest. But at the end, baby, we're going overall UFC records, the big boys. And the last one we talk about is arguably the most impressive or important record in UFC history. It's also somewhat controversial and it is about to be broken potentially. That's what we call in the biz, a teaser. &gt;&gt; You tease. &gt;&gt; All right, let's talk 115. You know, it's funny. I was thinking right after Mackenzie Durn won the vacant strawweight title that wow, she finally came into her own after her initial hype coming in had people assuming she'd become a champion. And it made me forget that she's been in the UFC for a very long time. It took her 2,793 days to earn gold. That would be like Michael Bispine earning the title in 2014 instead of 2016. And in her long tenure, she's actually approaching several divisional records that she could break as champ. A big one that Angela Hill currently holds and may still add to is total wins at 115 with 12. But if Durn is successful in her first title defense, she'll tie that record. She's also one finish away from the most all time at 115, which is currently held by Jessica Andraj with six. She's also coming up on Andra's total bonuses top spot. Dur would just need two more to make it nine. So, yeah, Mackenzie could potentially have a record-breaking 2026 with the gold. At women's 125, we have a single record, and it's a shocking one that could be overtaken, which is the longest winning streak. Go on, guess who holds it? Roxy Mafairy. I'm just kidding. It's Valentina, of course, with nine. But her next potential title challenger in Natalyia Silva is one away from tying that record. And at 29 years old, she could extend that streak considerably. Or maybe Chev will fend her off. But even if she does, Macy Barber is coming for it as well. Since losing back-to-back to Mafairy and Alexa Graasso, Macy has strung together seven straight. And at 27, she's primed for a longer run. She very well could fight Valentina very soon. The Bullet is fighting off the next generation right now for the longest streak. On the men's side of 125, we're looking at a couple very much influx records that might swap top guys depending on how things shake out. Brandon Mareno last weekend just topped the total fights list with 20 at 125, but Tim Elliot has 19, still active. Pantosia is at 18. Curious to see who wins out there. Elliot currently has the most overall strikes landed at 125 as well with 1828. But Moreno, who is a single punch away from tying Mighty Mouse in second, is only a few hundred off from the top. And at flyweight, those numbers can get stacked up quick, especially in five rounders. The most interesting record though is flyweight finishes. Joe B and Mel Cop are tied at five. So, if Minnell can pull off one more, he will be the most destructive force in UFC flyweight history, which given how rare stops are in that division, is a pretty damn cool record to have. All right, women's 135. This is crazy. Let me ask you this. How many submission wins do you think Ronda Rousey had in the UFC? She's the divisional record holder. Probably like, I don't know, 26, right? No, three. The person most associated with arm bars besides Hicks and Gracie got three UFC subs. And guess who is right on her tail? The next big super fight. Both Kayla Harrison and the returning Amanda Nunez are just one away from tying Ronda whenever the hell that fight finally happens. What a way to end it potentially. Of course, I predict that they're both retiring after that fight. So, if they do get the record, they're probably not going to pass Ronda up, just tie. All right, we're moving on to featherweight. It's all men's divisions from here on out. Who in the hell would have ever thought that after Alexander Vulcganowski lost his title to Ilia Taporia that he'd be right back at the top? But with his double title wins over Diego Lopez, Vulk is just a single championship victory away from overtaking Jose Aldo for the most wins in title fights. They are currently tied at eight. So if you're still debating GOAT status, this might be the deciding factor. Now to be fair to Aldo, if you counted the WC, which was basically the UFC's featherweight division before the merger, he would have 11 title wins, but that's for you to argue about in the comments. Oh, a record to potentially watch. Lauron Murphy is the only fighter in some time creeping up on Max Holloway's 13ight win streak at 145. He only has nine, though. A lot can happen, but it was worth the mention. All right, lightweight, one of the most popular divisions in all of the sport. And Charlie Olives, the new BMF, could potentially be taking two records when he fights next. Oliver is tied with Jim Miller for the most lightweight submissions with 11. So, just one more likely career sub would put him over the top of JFM. And if that nets him a performance bonus, which I would imagine it would, he will surpass the great Joe Lozan, Mr. Moneybags himself, for the most bonuses at 155. Joe, Charlie, and Justin Gachi are all actually tied for that record right now at 15. I cannot wait to see who ends up with it. We now move to 170 lbs. Just a single record that's close to being taken, and I'll be honest, it's a surprising one. The most finishes at welterweight is currently Matt Brown with a very metal 15. But Vente Luk, who hasn't exactly been doing great lately, if he can finish Kelvin Gastelum in his upcoming fight, he'll tie Brown and submit a little place in history. Okay, so on to middleweight and we have a couple very interesting ones. When you think total strikes landed at 185 and you hear that Chris Leeben has the record, you're probably like, "Yeah, that checks out." The dude was all gas, no breaks, 1791 strikes total. But a very recently happy boy and Shawn Strickland is coming up on that all-time record. Following his dismantling of Fluffy, which added 111 to his total, Shawn is really one or two fights away if we're basing it on his general output from taking over that top spot. He currently sits at 1639. That's only 152 strikes less. Now, will he get that in his very likely title challenge against very likely Hamzot if he stays at 185 as champion? That's a good question, but I seriously doubt Strickland retires even if that fight goes badly. So, there's a pretty solid chance this dude is taking that record. If you'd told me after the Poeton embarrassment that Strickland would be a UFC champion and land the most strikes in middleweight history, I would have called you a liar. But here we are. Another interesting one at 185 is for total knockdowns. Very fittingly, Anderson Silva and Israel Adosana are tied for this one at 13. Now Izzy is booked. He is fighting Joe Piper this month. It's a classic case of the UFC feeding the old to the young. So can Adosana overcome that matchup, score one more knockdown, and overtake a legend and one of his heroes? Maybe. But maybe not. This is why I love that we made this video because now when I watch that fight, I'm going to be looking for that exact thing. All right, we're headed up to 205 lbs. And one of these, I'm telling you, you're not going to believe. So, I'll save it for last. But first, let's talk about knockdowns at light heavyweight. It's currently a three-way tie, and two of these fighters are very much retired. At least, I hope they continue to be. Chuck Liddell, Shogun Hua, and Khil Roundtree all share the record right now with 14. I got to imagine that Khalil has at least several fights left in him and I can't imagine he doesn't take that record with his style of fighting. This is one of the ones I'm more confident about on this list. Okay, but now most knockouts at 205. That's a huge feather, right? Because 205 is knockout city. And the man holding that record is exactly who you would think it is. Chuck Liddell. The Iceman has nine. You might think, well, Poeton has to be close, but don't forget he's fought across two divisions. It sounds like soon it'll be three. So, he actually only has five at 205. No, there are two fighters currently with seven that could potentially overtake Liddell. One of them is Roundtree again, which, yeah, could very much happen. The other is Dustin Jacobe. Now, I know when you think of the greatest 205s ever, you think of Dustin Jacobe. I'm joking. He's doing really well. He's got a threeight win streak at current. He just got a knockout last month. I mean, will he ever win gold? I don't know. But, he could take a record from Chuck Liddell that's held up since 2006. And I'd say that's something to be pretty damn proud of. But what about the UFC's oldest division, the big boys, heavyweight? Well, I think it's a testament to the state of that division right now because we do not have a single interesting record of note at heavyweight that is on the verge. I mean, I guess total wins if Derrick Lewis can somehow get three more. He would tie Andre Arloski who has 23. But that record just kind of feels like who was able to get booked for the most fights in this absolute disaster of a division at the moment. So yeah, nothing really going on at heavyweight to be honest. But divisional records only mean so much, right? Like they are significant. especially divisions with long storied histories or records that have been held for long periods. But it's the overall records that always matter the most, right? So, which of those are close to being overtaken at the moment? Well, Max Holloway actually just overtook one in that BMF fight. It was about the only thing he took in that fight. Max now has the most total fight time in UFC history with 8 hours 52 minutes 43 seconds, overtaking previous first place RDA at 84319. or Charles Olivera. In addition to the lightweight records we discussed, he is now just two wins away from Jim Miller's record of the most wins in UFC history. Miller has 27 currently. Chuck Scott 24, which is actually tied with Neil Magny, who it would not shock me in the least bit if he could pull off another three wins before he calls it. Probably against some prospect that Neil has no business beating, but will anyway at 41 years old or whatever age he fights, too. And of course, Jim Miller will eventually fight at UFC 400. So, &gt;&gt; damn, you're old as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay, time for the big one. There's been a bunch of solid records we've touched on today, but this might be the most impressive and the most significant of any record in the sport. Overall, longest winning streak since 2012. That record has been held by one of the greatest of all time, Anderson Silva, when he beat Stephan Bonner at UFC 153. That was 16 straight victories in the octagon. A record that stood untouched until last November when Islam Mahachev moved up to welterweight and took the title from Jack Dela Matilena. Now Islam is tied with Anderson Silva and is a single title defense away from the longest win streak in UFC history. A position that would only add to a legacy that is already coming up on if not surpassing his mentor Habib Merkamedov. That might be one of the greatest legacies the sport has ever seen. Now there is an elephant in the room and that elephant's name is Jonathan Bones Jones. Officially the longest winning streak of his career in the UFC is 13, well shy of the record. But there's several ways that some fans look at Jon's legacy. For instance, if you completely deny that the Mark Hamill DQ is a DQ, then from the start of his career to the no contest against Daniel Cormier, that would put Jones at 17 straight, the number Islam is trying to reach next. Others might not care about the test fail after DC. Jones himself has defended it. Some of his fans have as well. They say the dude beat the brakes off Cormier. It should count. And if you did that, that would put him at a currently active streak of 20 wins. 24 if you're the biggest JBJ fan ever and you discount everything from the start of his UFC career. Personally, I think even if you're generous with the stupid Hamill thing, and it was stupid to me, you can't dismiss the DCNC, which puts JBJ out of the running. But yeah, I know I had to talk about it because it is something people bring up when they talk about the longest win streak. When you look at other active fighters on a streak as well, it's Murphy, as I mentioned earlier, Hamzot, and Carlos Olberg with nine. So, those three are the closest right now to Islam, and they're not even close. Mahachev has the chance to carve a place in history that is not likely to be overtaken any time soon. And the record for best editor in human history goes to Max Randall. Please follow his socials, check out his YouTube channel. The dude's a national treasure. Thank you very kindly to our channel members. Your support is super appreciated. Fans membership gets you exclusive content. Just hit the join button, like and subscribe because we bring you the best this sport has to offer. or leave a comment about the longest streak debate or anything else. And thank you so much for watching. Watch another one. Go ahead. You got time.