Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Good afternoon everybody and welcome to Oakland Athletics Baseball here on Fox Sportset with Ray Fossy. I'm Greg Papa and the A's go for the big five. &gt;&gt; In 2002, the Oakland Athletics were broke and lost their best players. This is about cage fighting, I promise. The season should have been a disaster, but instead they went on a 20game win streak, the longest in American League history. &gt;&gt; Just plain crazy. How do you explain it? Thanks to unwanted players picked up for dirt cheap based on a stat most teams were ignoring on base percentage. It &gt;&gt; was on base percentage is all we're looking at now. We are card counters at the blackjack table. We're going to turn the odds on the casino. &gt;&gt; And the only reason they knew that stat mattered was by using an analytical method called sabermetrics that changed how baseball is played forever. Right now MMA is like the MLB before Moneyball. We obsess over vibes and faceoffs, but not so much film study and deeper statistical analysis. But what if doing so could tell us the real keys to winning in mixed martial arts? The get on base type stats for fighting. Well, I sat down with a PhD/kickboxer/BJJ Purple Belt who just published the first real study about fight ending sequences in the UFC. And specifically, they compared standing punches versus one another to find the most effective punch in MMA. The results really show why it is we need a deeper analytical understanding of the sport. Because 80% of fights that end with a punch are ending with just three strikes. But there is so much more here than that. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point. And this is so much more than what punch ends a fight. This is the future of combat sports training. [Music] I almost feel at this point that crowds are more educated in grappling than they are striking. I think they they've learned in the grappling right like yeah this is a guard position you pass here this is a bad position or this is with with striking they've just gone you hit him in the head and and then and then then he's hurt and you're like oh amazing. &gt;&gt; That is Oliver Barley. He's that doctor I was telling you about in the intro. You might recognize him from such MMA onpoint videos as the answer to weight cutting. &gt;&gt; The usage of hydration testing, especially urine testing, in trying to regulate weight cutting is a unanimous bad, like a unanimous negative for every single person involved. &gt;&gt; Dr. Barley is a teaching and research academic at Edith Cowan University. His works focus on exercise physiology and combat sports. Hey, that's us. But crucially, he's not just some guy who's taken an interest in studying the sport. He also trains in it himself and coaches fighters. There's a realworld background of experience to back up the research here. If there's anybody who's published more papers related to mixed martial arts, I've never had a 2-hour phone call with them. A pair of Barley's most recent studies looked at every knockout in the UFC from 2020 to 2022 that ended from punches, trying to figure out exactly how those finishing shots were set up. His team analyzed foot position, stance, and the types of punches thrown to see what tends to lead to these finishes. And the reason for doing so, well, nobody's ever actually sat down and done this. &gt;&gt; We wanted to get a better understanding of the technical aspects that go into successful fighting. So, this field is performance analysis, and performance analysis is an emerging field within exercise science, but it's very underdeveloped in fight sports. MMA is like any other sport but 30 years ago. We are so far behind in fighting. We don't have this kind of precision to how we analyze data. These these studies are one of the first ones to my awareness the first to just look at UFC footage. The kind of footage that would be available for anyone. &gt;&gt; All right. So what is it that the study actually said? There's obviously value in these different types of punches and what we wanted to understand was which kind of punches are leading to the ends of fights and that we called the critical strike. &gt;&gt; Well, let's go ahead and start up front with it. 80% of nearly all fight ending critical strikes come from just three punches. The rear hook, the front hook, and the rear straight. Boom. We've done it. Thank you very much. Catch you on the next one, guys. I'm just kidding. Hold on. You might think this is the moneyball moment for mixed martial arts, but the details are really the key. For one, as Dr. Barley says, obviously you cannot just start spamming these three strikes and call it a day. You can't go, okay, rear strike. You walk in this fight and just go, "Hell yeah, baby. You're getting knocked out." Like, but what you can do is go, I need to drill three or four ways to set up a rear straight. Nice. What's really interesting are the specific situations that this all becomes actually useful. And that's because foot positions are truly a weapon. And there are three main positions. One is simply outside foot position. This is the one you hear most talked about if you've seen any fight breakdown before. Outside foot position is when you see the person doing the KO's front leg on the outside of their opponent's leg on the same side. It doesn't matter if that's their rear leg or their front leg, depending on if they are a righty or a lefty. That doesn't matter. Just as long as that lead foot is on the outside of theirs. This is where most KOs happen. And the data here certainly backs it up. And conversely, there is actually inside foot position where the person who scores the KO is instead placing their lead leg inside of their opponents. And then finally, inline foot position, which is literally just you and your opponent's feet lined up or being parallel. So that's the three foot positions, outside, inside, and inline. Pretty simple, right? Going through the data in the study, straight punches pretty much dominate the game at first glance. Just focus on that top graph and red circle. This is the most often occurring punch to be a critical strike. And would you look at that? It's a rear straight with outside foot position. 35 KOs due to exactly that punch. Depending on your knowledge around this sort of thing, this already might be different from what you expected. A power punch like an overhand or an uppercut, maybe some sort of haymaker. Maybe you'd think something like that would be the top punch. But already this starts to get more interesting as you start to dive into it. As you can see, that's the top ranked punch for all stances. Again, that red circle just means it happens the most. But look at the top ranked punches from two to five. Well, those are actually all hooks. Outside foot, rear hook at two, inline or parallel foot position, front hook at three, and inside front hook at four, followed by an inline rear hook at number five. Combined, that's way more KOs with hooks than that one straight at the top. But what about stances, though? Obviously, there are two stances you are either fighting right-handed or left-handed, you know, orthodox or southpaw. You can obviously switch stances, but let's focus on the two on their own for now. So, the study also combines these right or left-hand dominant stances with their foot positions of those 264 knockouts in this study. And here's where things get even more insightful. And if we move to the next graph for same stance fighters, where both you and your opponent have the same stance, like orthodox versus orthodox or southpaw versus southpaw, the straight from the power hand on outside foot position still reigns supreme. But now, the inside front stance hits that second rank. That's pretty significant if you are used to only thinking about outside foot dominance. &gt;&gt; In the same stance position, outside foot position is useful, but it's not necessarily as crucial as we might expect. In line or outside, both seem to be pretty good options. And then diving in further, when you see the mirrored stances data, of course, meaning you both are not the same stance. It would have to be orthodox versus southpaw or vice versa. The punch selection changes dramatically. And this is where outside foot position really reigns supreme with opposite stance. All the top three for opposite stance are outside foot position. As you can look at the cluster, you see that's number one. The outside rear hook is considerably higher than the others. That surprised me cuz I was certain it was going to be outside rear straight. McGregor knocking people out with that like southpaw stance straight comes down the line like that in my mind is the image of what that would have been and look outside rear straight was the second largest cluster or tied second largest cluster so it's still obviously useful but that outside rear hook was was massive and it's now the front foot hook that reaches parody with the rear strike you know the top punch for same stance but this actually makes sense. And &gt;&gt; if you think about when you look at the opposite stance, when someone stands southpaw, um the the same channel of the jab is choked. That's why hand checking is such a thing when southpaw. Um so outside rear hook comes around, outside rear straight comes up, front hook goes around. And at this point, I think there's plenty that's already very interesting for as much as outside foot dominance is stressed, particularly with the most usual striking arrangement. You know, same stance, which is the most usual strike arrangement. Inside or inline KOs actually outweigh the outside foot finishes considerably. But beyond that, wow, are the big haymaker punches pretty much entirely absent here. There simply aren't enough to even group up into a cluster here. The least you could put into a cluster is three. And so here's the real Moneyball part of it. &gt;&gt; The thing about money ball is like on base percentage was something they looked at, but there's also like they looked at on base percentage versus different types of pitches. Whereas on base percentage versus different types of pitches, that is now what we can kind of get into. &gt;&gt; Just like the simplicity of getting on base, you now know the most effective punches essentially in every stance and foot position. And something hugely important here is this isn't just about being offensive. You absolutely got to start thinking of it like a game of probability. &gt;&gt; Well, if you look at your opponent and go, "My opponent has the same stance as me." You now have a list of punches that you need to be aware of in different positions cuz they are the higher risk ones. And you also have a list of punches that when you know you're in a crucial moment, they should be the ones you're selecting first. If you feel that moment where say you punch, you step in and you feel you're close to your opponent and in that quick decision making you're trying to make if you know you're in the same stance and your instinct becomes outside rear straight or rip some kind of front hook, you now only have to break it down to two decisions. But looking at the cluster, those two decisions are much more likely to do damage. And we can now whittle down the decision making of fighting. &gt;&gt; Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That pretty much says it all. This is what makes it a game changer. &gt;&gt; It's like being a good poker player. Good poker players do not pick the cards. They do not get to pick the cards. They only get to realize the probability. And the best poker players are obviously really good at bluffing and all those other things, but they're also really good at looking at their hand, looking at what's on the table, and working out the probability of what they should do next. The data doesn't give you a single answer. But what it does do is it gives you a series, a few scenarios where you are most likely to win and you are most likely to lose. It's not just offense, but also defensive strategy anyone can begin to employ. But of course, everything we've looked at so far is assuming both fighters are the same height. This adds another layer that Dr. Barley and his team uncovered in their second paper on this topic, and that is both the height and reach advantages or disadvantages a fighter may have in any given fight. &gt;&gt; Also feeds into the height and reach study because the height and reach study was really continuation from this study. And this is where the study gets really weird. What we seem to notice is that at these re these range statistics, so height and reach once someone was at a disadvantage, punch selection seem to matter much less. When you have a range disadvantage on your opponent, it is less about the punch selection and about getting to the right position to punch. So, while the shorter fighter is able to fire off overhands and uppercuts with a lot more efficacy, the taller and further reaching fighter naturally is going to play the long game. But it seems like when you have a height difference, but when you don't account for the reach difference that straight shots become the main move, whereas when you might when you don't account for height and you just look at reach, straight and hooks seem to become more useful there. I should point out that these situations apply when the height or range differences are quite pronounced. If you're looking at just an inch or two difference in height, well, that's pretty normal. Same with reach. There's usually a small difference. And the way the graph works in this study is that they did a direct comparison between the types of punches any given fighter can throw. Like for instance, when we look at a straight for a taller fighter versus an uppercut, you are 75.5% more likely to land the straight than the uppercut. So yeah, you are pretty much always going to want to select that straight shot if you're the taller guy. If the range difference is what you are up against, then the hook becomes about as effective as the straight. And again, this is just about helping you decide what might be the best shot in these situations where height or reach are more pronounced. Humorously, overhands are obviously not very effective for the longer ranges or especially taller fighters. I mean, it just doesn't make sense. If you throw an overhand when you're taller than your opponent, the overhand is meant to land above your own head. So, it doesn't make sense. Yeah. You would have to basically go like this and then punch down on their head. Like, you know, Derek Tr Simpson in that episode of the Simpsons where he just punches him with the top of their head. &gt;&gt; And so, you can combine these different forms of strata together. your stance, your foot positions, your height, your reach. These all begin to form a bit of a map for what you can use, not just offensively, but also defensively. And these are the potentially game-changing elements of all of this. Just like the moneyball example or the poker example Oliver brought up earlier, in these positions, you have an instant probability of both offensive and just as crucially, defensive maneuvers you can instantly start utilizing. And of course, this doesn't work in every single instance. It's more of a guideline, right? &gt;&gt; And that I think is more what this lets you do is you go in this moment, I know my probability is towards these things. So these things are what I'm going to prepare for and these things are what I'm going to use offensively. And when we look at data like this, we can actually see strong rationale for developing that better. &gt;&gt; Now, not every team is going to have a Dr. Oliver Barley there to do scientific research for them. But there's another type of data analysis that is hugely underutilized in mixed martial arts. I think that there is a massive dividing line, not merely in fighting, but between athletes who do effective tape study and ones who don't. And I understand in MMA, I heard it from boxers, I've heard it from MMA fighters, they all say the same thing, which is, I don't want to do too much tape study because I don't want to get in my head what my opponent does. And I understand that and there's ways to combat that. But like to me, you know, Jon Jones is a voracious studier of tape. &gt;&gt; He's a solid, well-rounded uh fighter. That's why he's undefeated and he's a world champion in strike horse. But he does has tendencies. Every fighter has their tendencies. And I've I've been able to pick out some pretty good tendencies that he has that I I will exploit against him. I know that there's one thing that I do that um that has gotten me in trouble, if you want to call it trouble, that will be figured out by September 27th. So, don't think you're going to kick me in the head with your left leg. [Applause] &gt;&gt; The best guys, they do homework 365. &gt;&gt; When I was champion, I had a guy in Montreal that was measuring frames. Click, click, click, click. And by doing that, he was able to know who has better reaction times than others. You know, some people have secret weapons. Secret knowledge is a is a weapon. I can watch all this tape on you. I know what your tendencies are. I know what your mistakes are. I know what you're strong at. &gt;&gt; The best ones do that. And I don't think there's nearly enough of that even among very highle guys in the sport. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's through that kind of film study, which is also what Dr. Barley is doing just on an incredibly high level that creates these moneyball opportunities. And today we're talking about three critical strikes. But when you look at what analysis has done to baseball in every facet of the game, there is a wellspring of knowledge that this relatively young sport has yet to fully tap into. And it's not just about finding that one thing like Jones did with his headkick on DC. It's about fundamentally changing how you react in the cage based on the understanding that can come from this kind of study. &gt;&gt; Fighting is it's a lot of gambling in a way. like striking especially. No one is reading a striking exchange so quick that it's like you know um the Sherlock Holmes movies with Robert Downey Jr. where he's just like predicting the whole fight. It's not how fights work. &gt;&gt; This could not be late. &gt;&gt; You're going he's standing here. This shoulder's twitching. This is the punch that's most likely coming down and you're making reactions based off guesses and the people who have really good defense are really good at those guesses. So even if you think of Anderson Silva towards the end when he was knocked out by Chris Weidman, Chris Weidman went left, right, back hand with the same hand and then threw the left hook across as Anderson used that one to get nicked and then switched to the other side based on feel straight into the left hook. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. And what it is is that these fighters are getting really good at pattern recognition and and guessing. What we could get from looking at this data is going, if I'm going to take guesses, I would rather make a mistake and it be this punch than it be this punch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that if I know that my opponent is in a critical position where a critical strike is possible, a study like Dr. Barley's could be used to drill better risk mitigation when everything is going 1,000 m an hour on fight night. when zigging instead of zagging is the difference between retaining your title or not. But film study is still largely dismissed by even top tier fighters at top tier gyms. Connect to a guy like Sean Stricklin who absolutely hates watching tape. I go, but there's things you can you can gain from by watching tape and just looking at their mannerisms or body language. And not only do I wanted him to see the things that I was seeing in the fight, but I also wanted him to understand there's going to be holes that they're going to look to exploit in fight number two. and he just couldn't get over that hump of wanting to watch it. I don't know why. I don't understand it. I I think there's so much information that you can gain from it. &gt;&gt; And okay, you know, the guy's nickname is Tarzan. He's probably not going to be a paragon of analytical film study, but the problem is so much deeper than that when you look at how other sports handle this kind of analysis. We've been talking baseball this whole time, of course. We also know that film study is massive in another combat sport, boxing. Mike Tyson was famously from like 14 years old turned into a film study obsessive by his mentor coach Customado. &gt;&gt; He would set up this projector and put up a screen and he would watch all these films. &gt;&gt; When you hear about what goes into the research and study of other sports, what's being done in MMA currently feels massively underdeveloped. &gt;&gt; We don't have great support staff because the money is not there in an organizational structure. If you do association football, you play for like this big club that has, you know, performance analysts hired for them. They have, you know, a striking coach, a defense coach, they've got the head coach, they've got strength and conditioning coaches, they've got dieticians, they've got physios, they have all these support staff available and that includes data analytic staff and they their entire job is to examine large amounts of data on their opponents. In fighting, we don't have this kind of precision. These these studies are one of the first ones to just look at UFC footage. &gt;&gt; The first of its kind. Thousands of UFC fights are just sitting there available for anyone to break down. And Dr. Barley is really the first to utilize it to further the science of the sport. Now, as you can imagine, cage fighting hasn't exactly become a cornerstone activity in the world of academia. &gt;&gt; When you look at different researchers in different fields and you tell them, "Oh, I do research in fighting." And you can definitely see there's like a part of that is one obviously you know research highly intellectual field and usually that kind of deflects a little bit away from watching people want to absolutely smash each other in a cage which for clarity I think is sick. I love it. &gt;&gt; It is sick and it's also why what Barley is doing with this study is so important. We're never going to get that moneyball level of understanding of the sport unless we start building a foundation of real study. real analysis that then seeps into the culture because this kind of work is just good for the sport all around. It educates fighters and coaches on trends that only this kind of analysis can uncover, it encourages them to do their own study. Imagine a fighter hiring a data analyst as part of their team for camp. Just like major sports have all sorts of eggheheads crunching numbers for them. That is where things need to get in mixed martial arts. But they only can if we get more studies and more researchers like Barley who help change the culture. It's not even just about the fighters, though. This is good for us, the fans, too. How many of you are really checking out front foot position on Fight Night? But personally, after working on this video, I can't stop looking at fighters feet. That sounded weird, but truly, it's enhanced my appreciation of a sport that I've been watching for 20 plus years, and I'll never not be looking for that critical strike. Now, Oliver and his team are already planning the next study that they can do with the data that they've gathered for what we've discussed today. And that's the other thing. There's not just one study, one breakdown and that's it. This is a neverending process that needs to become a regular part of this sport. &gt;&gt; We all know fighting evolves over time and the meta of what is successful MMA does change over time and this study is a little bit of a time capsule. It tells us about what punches were successful for 2020 to 2022. Right now, that's still probably very informative. But say for some reason someone is watching this video in, you know, 2035. Now, this may be less informative. &gt;&gt; I started this video by referencing the Oakland A's and Moneyball, which has been a throughine up to now. But did we fulfill that analogy? Did we find that stat today? Well, the A's used on base percentage to find overlooked talent. And so in that sense, could these critical strike studies result in the same type of talent evaluation? Absolutely. &gt;&gt; If we know the rear straight, the front hook, and the rear hook are by and large the most effective punches at finishing fights, now you go, okay, well, we have found a guy who has a phenomenal rear straight and a phenomenal front hook. We can patch everything else up. And we are only just barely scratching the surface here with awesome studies like the ones that Barley and his team are creating. If MMA could cultivate a culture where film study was the norm for fighters and coaches at every level, I'm talking to you Tarzan. Where real statistical and analytical work was being done by academics and enthusiasts alike. Who knows how many he gets on base type stats could be uncovered. which is why I was psyched to make this video because you guys know I love me some numbers even if most of the time I have no clue what I'm doing. And if posting a video like this can get some legit academia a few more eyeballs on it than the journal it was published in, then this was all well worth everyone's time because all of this can only make mixed martial arts better. &gt;&gt; A lot of people will look at a sport and go that's not worth trying to solve. Like it's too difficult. It's too unpredictable. And then yeah, I think I'm hoping this study motivates some other researchers in performance an analysis and combat sports worldwide to start actually kind look at things like this cuz as difficult as it was, it's also really easy to get access to the data like UFC fight pass like you know I think whilst we can say fighting is hard to quantify these studies alone prove that there's something quantifiable in there and now it just comes to how much can we quantify. high and how much can we use versus how much is just going to be fighting's weird, bro. &gt;&gt; A massive thanks to Dr. Oliver Barley for his time. He sat down with me for like two whole hours. He's made both of these studies available for anybody to read. Check out the link in the description or the pinned comment. For those wondering about studies on other types of strikes, well, consider this the beginning as Barley and his team are already working on new research. Definitely give Dr. Barley a follow on his socials @ OliverBarley on Twitter and Oliver.Barley.phd on Instagram for more info. Guy is an absolute champ. So is the editor of this video, Max Randall. This thing was a beast and he absolutely nailed it. Please follow him on his socials and go check out his awesome YouTube channel. Another thanks is in order to our channel members. You make doing content that takes longer like this so much damn easier. Fight fans, hit the join button to become a member as well. You'll get exclusive content and it's just one low price. Like and subscribe for more nerding out in the future. Leave a comment about what study you'd like to see done in mixed martial arts. And thank you so much for watching. Catch you later, Bill and Ted. [Music]