Kind: captions Language: en While striking first and striking hard are certainly core tenants of Cobra Kai, I would argue that it's their commitment to no mercy that really defines them. And maybe Yuri Prohaska should have adopted their philosophy last night because it was the mercy he showed Carlos Olberg after his right leg imploded that cost Yuri dearly. It was mercy that saw him lose his now third straight light heavyweight title fight in a row. It was mercy that took 50% of his purse. It was Mercy that gave him a concussion and brain damage that accumulates over time and that is the ticking clock on every single fighter's career and their quality of life long after they step out of the cage for the last time. The man said it himself as he stood there talking to Joe Rogan afterwards. He said he was being merciful and that it was one of the biggest lessons of his life. It certainly might have been the most costly as well. When you consider that Yuri has now failed against two different fighters in these light heavyweight title bouts and had three chances, the odds of him getting there again get slimmer and slimmer. Now, the division isn't particularly strong. So, maybe he does get a fourth try, but there's certainly no guarantee and he's definitely going to have to work his way back up. Now, it was a baffling choice and one that absolutely confirms Yuri's authenticity. He really does have this pashidto code that he lives by. It's an incredible thing. It's respectable. However, and mind you, I love Yuri. I don't know many fans who don't love the guy. His philosophical take on the sport is misguided to put it politely. Look, this isn't anything new. There's always been a tension between the martial arts aspect of mixed martial arts and the well cage fighting for money aspect. There are tenets of martial arts and a way of life that they often encourage that many people find to be the real value of practicing them. But those people aren't usually getting locked in a cage and having someone swing their leg like a baseball bat at their head. But it's not just that. It's also about this being a sport. The octagon isn't a 17th century battlefield in Kyoto. There's officials. There's a commission. There's a set of specific rules and win conditions. Safeguards put in place to keep everyone as healthy as possible from this simulated combat. And the concept of sport creates this sort of safe place where you're allowed to be competitive and merciless in your pursuit of victory so long as you stay within the parameters that everybody involved agreed upon. You know, lying to someone when you're playing Among Us, doesn't mean you're a bad person. It's a game. We have seen countless fighters take advantage of an injury during a bout, and nobody thought any less of them afterwards, including the injured fighter. because there's a sort of unspoken contract in sports competition about the expected behavior while engaged in the sport. And once the competition has ended, it's back to real life. And we have seen this a million times. Fighters who were just kicking each other's asses are now hugging and smiling and talking about whatever the boys or Yoel's asking Luke Rockold if he remembers the time at the party. And they can flip that switch because sport is not the same as life. Even from Yuri's more philosophical take on fighting, it doesn't line up with his own core beliefs. At least according to him, he has talked endlessly about how the book of five rings by Miamoto Masashi is his guide in life. Well, in chapter 3, it literally says, "When the enemy starts to collapse, you must pursue him without letting the chance go. You must do this. You must utterly cut the enemy down so that he does not recover his position." I think the only way it could be any clearer is if it was just written in the book, "Hey, Yuri, in the future, just finish Carlos Old Berg off." But even if that book didn't say anything about this, this is a cage fight for money with doctors and safety protocols and referees to step in. Why are you letting Bberg back into the fight? It just makes no sense. And it cost Yuri immeasurably based on how he was reacting afterwards with Joe. I don't think we'll see Yuri lose a fight again because he's allowing his hurt opponent to regain an advantageous position against him. And again, I love the guy. He is awesome. One of my favorite fighters. Maybe last night his sense of bashidto went a bit too far in a silly way. Now all that said about his decision, we got to give a considerable amount of the credit to Berg himself. I mean, the dude had some sort of catastrophic knee hamstring blowout. And when given the opportunity by his opponent, he was still able to capitalize and get the KO victory. That's amazing. And this division needed Carlos to win. Yuri is awesome, but having lost to Poeton twice, had he won the title, it would have lessened its value immediately. It's already taking a big hit with Pereira leaving, but at least now with Old Berg as champion, we can start rebuilding 205 on fresh ground. All right, enough about the main event. That was crazy, though. The other big story last night was Josh Hoit versus Curtis Blades. A slugfest for the ages, a historic one. We'll get to that aspect of it in a moment. But for as incredibly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as Josh's whole three faces of hoke or whatever the hell he's been doing up to now with plenty of folks finding it cheesy like myself and Dana White, it doesn't really matter if he keeps putting on performances like that one. Nobody's going to think twice about the nonsense if he delivers like that. That was insanity. Dana himself shared a similar sentiment after the card. And you know, as for the gimmick, maybe he'll get better at this thing. Not everybody nails it on the first 100 tries, but with fights like that, I imagine most people would overlook it anyway. And I mean, look, he's now on the White House card against Derrick Lewis. Dana made that fight on the spot during the card. Now, is it wise to take a fight against number eight Derrick Lewis 64 days after you just had an all-out war with number five Curtis Blades? A fight you took 77 days after your previous bout, and you made this decision on your way to the hospital after you got punched in the face 151 times by a 261-lb man. Only time will tell, but the exposure of being on that event is certainly alluring and could pay off if it goes well. I guess, as they say, you got to risk it to get the biscuit. All right, let's talk about the numbers, Mason, and hand out some awards, shall we? The fifth ever UFC card from the 305 saw 12 fights with three KO TKOs's, three subs, five decisions, and one draw for a total cage time of 2 hours 10 minutes 10 seconds. Favorites took eight victories as expected, while just two betting dogs managed to prevail. I know that doesn't equal 12, but there was a pick them and a draw. So, Cub Swanson is one of my favorite fighters ever. He won his retirement bout against Nate Landwear with a near perfect performance, earning him our flawless victory award. If you count his WEC bouts at featherweight, which I do because it was the division before it came to the UFC. He has the most knockouts in the division's history with eight, and it should be nine, but Oliver missed weight one time. That's not on Cub. He has the most combined fight of the night awards for any WC UFC fighter with 12. He was in my favorite fight ever against Duho Choy that landed him in the UFC Hall of Fame War Killer Cub forever. Dominic Reyes and Johnny Walker certainly had a fight that much we can at least chronicle. But man, that was rough. But how rough? Well, neither fighter had ever had so few combined significant strikes in any other fight in either of their entire careers for a bout that went the distance. In other words, it's the least productive fight either fighter has ever been a part of. Light heavyweight is staying cursed. Like I said earlier, Josh Hoget versus Curtis Blades really was one for the history books. The bout holds the record for the most significant strikes landed in a heavyweight bout of any length with 351. It bested Stipe versus DC2 by 47 strikes. It has the record for attempted significant strikes and attempted total strikes all time. The only heavyweight single bout striking record it didn't beat was the most total strikes, but it's now second all time with 395 behind Stipe versus Mark Hunts 407. Insanity. For the first time ever, we're going to give a fight an award. And this one earns our who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] saw that coming award. Man, what a return to light heavyweight for Paulo Costa. If you recall back in 2021, he was going to miss weight for his middleweight bout with Marvin Vtori so badly that the bout was contested at light heavyweight instead. Paulo dropped the UD. It was a bad time. And last night, he returned on purpose this time and beat undefeated prospect Azaba Makanov. I don't have any stats about that. Life is just weird. And finally, the main event. King Carlos now has seven finishes in his 10 UFC wins. And not a single opponent, UFC or DWCS, has landed more significant strikes against him in their bouts. And he did it with a bum wheel. And that is that from Vice City. My partner in crime as always was Max Randall. Thank you, good sir, for the fantastic edit. Go follow his socials and show his YouTube channel some love. The man is a juggernaut. Another huge thank you goes to our channel members. cannot begin to tell you how much your support helps. If you want to be a member too and get exclusive content, tap that join button, like and subscribe because we do these after every big show. Leave a comment or two with all your thoughts on all things 327. I love reading them. And thanks for watching, folks. I'll see you on the next one.