Kind: captions Language: en One thing that's become very popular in combat sports lately is the idea of fighting in a pit instead of a cage or a ring. Obviously, a ring kind of sucks as people can fall through it. Or in MMA, well, it's just kind of hard to see through the cage when you're watching in person. But the originator of this type of fighting arena goes back a few years to Yama. It was the old owner of the UFC, Bob Myowitz, hoping to utilize his connections over the years as MMA had finally gotten popular. You know, unlike when he was running the UFC. So, this pretty much meant all his old buddies from back in those old school UFC days, like the commentary team were back, and honestly, a lot of the same fighters from the 90s as well. But one of those old friends he brought in to help out was the particularly strange Scott Frell. Are you ready to shake it? Please give some love to Chris Tukshire. Refereeed by Big Dan Mergle stomp you out. Beautiful match up of warriors and freaks are ready to pound and dance. Moving his MMA record of 49 wins, 11 losses with no draws and grabbing that yama pit belt to strap on. So, I remember seeing these bizarre clips and was always extremely curious about who the hell this guy even was. And he kind of talks like that all the time, believe it or not. He's just this wacky radio sports guy. &gt;&gt; Man, I mean, you're boring me. I hate to be rude, but honestly, dude, it's like you're just like the Cardinals are the only thing that matter. All right, you win. You win. &gt;&gt; And yeah, that is sort of his real voice, at least nowadays. It didn't take long for me to find some of his old stuff from back in the '9s where you could just kind of hear him going in and out of the voice at times. &gt;&gt; What's up? Get him a colon for the king's win. They were all about 83 corners filling up the lid going glass. Yeah, it turns out he didn't always sound like he smoked literally a thousand cigarettes every single day. It was a voice he was putting on. Honestly, this might be the dumbest gimmick I've ever heard because it literally sounds like he stripped out his vocal cords over the years. Either way, the guy's actually made it pretty far with CBS Sports, Howard Stern, Opian Anthony, and plenty of other TV show appearances. So, I guess who am I to judge? So, I suppose that's his comedy grind. And I guess that combined with him being a sports guy already is why Bob Myowitz hired him for that one and only Yama fight card back in 2007.