Kind: captions Language: en Grab your crown pits and practice your best Michael Bisping impression cuz we're back to London for the UFC this week. Taking a quick peek at the card you might think is a little bit light with a potential snoozer at the headline. However, I strongly believe this will not be the case. The current wave of UK fighters has already reached the pinnacle and it's clear to see the UFC are trying to usher in the next generation. And that is the perfect phrase when talking about the co-main event. Luke Riley is the perfect fighter for 20,000 Brits all fueled up with countless pints. The guy causes chaos inside the cage and will throw windmills to knock his opponent out. He's 12-0 with nine coming by the way of KO TKO. In his debut, he got controlled for the first round, but in the second came out swinging and KO'ed his guy in 15 seconds. He's taking on Michael Aswell Jr. who interestingly lost to Bob Dangrad, Luke Riley's last opponent on the Contender Series. Now, MMA math isn't real, but Michael has some other losses on his record to good prospects in the UFC. In somewhat of a bizarre booking, MVP is returning to welterweight and he is taking on the rising Sam Patterson. Not only being John Gooden's mate, he's on a fouright finishing streak in which he's displayed crisp striking and a deadly submission game. And it will be a real test for Sam because it's hard to look good against MVP. And if he's able to continue that streak in either way, it'll be truly impressive. But it leaves MVP in a weird spot because beating a fairly unknown prospect, it doesn't push him forward in any way. MVP is coming off two wins at middleweight and one of them is over Canoneir who is number 10 in the current rankings. Being an older guy, I think there's an easier path to a belt at middleweight for MVP. It's just weird matchmaking and it's for sure a coming out fight for Patterson and I think Lightman's skill gets this one done. Christian Leroy Duncan is back facing Roman De. He's coming into his prime and he's coming off the back of two spinning TKOs's. Everything is set up for another flashy finish against Deceive of the Pink Panther opens the card. friend of the channel, Curtis Campbell. Fun fact, Baalian and Jason have actually commentated a ton of his fights in FCC. The guy has looked UFC ready for a while and he showed that in his contender series performance. Only 23 years old at 8-0, six those coming by finish. He's displayed a mix of crisp striking and a smothering ground game. He fights the 10-2 Danny Silva, who is still only on in his own UFC career also. But coming off a loss to Vallejo, he's definitely going to want to upset the Campbell Apple Car. call it some British bias, but I think it's pretty easy to see what the UFC is trying to do here. There's clear layups throughout the whole main card, but it's up to the fighters to go out there and grab it. I think Murphy versus Eve is the only fight with actual stakes on it, you know, as they're both battling to see who will fight Vog next. And of course, I think with a win, we see Lone versus Vog next. However, I will not be surprised if Evelov wins. We see Jean Zilva versus Vog next. But you guys let me know who are you looking forward to watching most.