Kind: captions Language: en You know, I've heard Joe Rogan sometimes refer to people as jiu-jitsu assassins or even nerd assassins in the best way possible. I get that vibe. &gt;&gt; I believe Kus likes actually aiming people. He's a psychopath nerd. &gt;&gt; A slim unassuming physique and then partner that with, you know, the little pink shorts, top knot, and then after the fight, he puts the glasses on. &gt;&gt; He was always a standout kid with the way he has his his glasses. People don't remember his name the first time because who does like there's 40 fighters on a card but what they do remember is it's the guy in the little pink shorts and the top knot. &gt;&gt; He's not a physical person like but if you if he gets holdier you realize like oh my god very content oh jab already sits him down. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; He's got it. He's got it things up there. Another car. &gt;&gt; This is amazing. Looks so amazing. &gt;&gt; Still untested. Curtis Campbell. No one has been able to test this man throughout his entire pro career. Now 7 and0. So one of the things I've been really passionate about since starting this channel, what is it almost 8 years ago now, is showcasing new talent. You see that at the beginning of every year with my prospect series or we've done Capos's corner when we still had Fightfront and a bunch of different things that we've done over the years to highlight new talents. Or how about a series that's long been needing a return and that is OP prospects. Shout out to PT Carol. It was a series that highlighted guys like Ian Garry before he went to the UFC. Muhammad Makaya, I know that ended a little weird with him, but he's still undefeated, so there's that. of Rugrug before he became the one heavyweight champion. And then there's Daniel Zel Huber who's also another standout in the UFC. So that's a massive shout out to PT Carol who did that series and I've got his blessing to bring this one back. And for those that don't know, I currently live in the UK and for the past 3 years now, which is kind of crazy. I've been doing commentary for a promotion called Full Contact Contender based in the northwest of England, usually around Liverpool or Bolton Manchester areas where they put on their fights. And I actually do the fight commentary alongside Alex or Bailey as you guys know him here on the channel. And so I realize a lot of people are asking, who is FCC? Well, they're the guys that gave Patty Pimble his first opportunity. He became a champion there first before Cage Warriors. Uh Lone Murphy went direct to the UFC from Full Contact Contender. Uh you have guys like Tom Aspenol who fought there and was a champion there. There are so many people that have come through Brennan Lochnane, like Paul Craig, the list goes on and on and on for top level, worldclass level talents. And that's headed up by Adam Tay and Molly Culie who run the promotion. And so today, who I want to highlight is a thriving undefeated star with an incredibly impressive win streak that is debuting on the Contender Series this Tuesday. His name is Curtis Campbell. So, I've taken the time to travel up from London to Liverpool with Alex, our good friend George, who you might know from his edits on the channel, to sit down and speak with Curtis himself, his coaches, the FCC owners, and even Alex himself. All to give you an idea of who this man is and why there is so much hype around him. So, you guys know me. I'm Jason from MMA on Point and this is OP Prospects, the Pink Panther, Curtis Campbell. I just want to give a real quick disclaimer on this one. This is in no way sponsored by FCC or anybody else. This is definitely just something I wanted to do. I wanted to highlight Curtis Campbell because I think he's super legit as a talent. And yeah, I paid for all this out of my own dime. There's no sponsorships of any kind involved in this. So, I'm doing this because I think he's a great fighter and that's the end of it. And so, then you have to ask, well, what is so impressive about this guy? Well, really all you have to do is take a look at his record and how impressive it's been from an amateur perspective and winning so many world titles to becoming a pro and being undefeated. And we'll take a look at that in more detail. But it's also about his diverse coaching staff, which of course starts with his father, Jay Campbell. You all right, Jay? We've had I think we've had every promotion come in for K across the world. And you know, there's only one place where he wants to be. &gt;&gt; And so the gym that he started, Casey Fight Base was with a striking coach in Kyle Keane. Consider him the wild man for sure of the bunch. &gt;&gt; That's my downfall. Women and partying. I remember we've got a video of FCC coming to interview you about me and he's in the background. little fat kid who's doing all flying, spinning tricks and all that. And we were saying this is G scam. One day he's going to be here doing this. Like he's far better than me. Like he he's going to be the boy one day. &gt;&gt; Of course, he's fought a ton in not just MMA with FCC, but also Moyes High Fights. And then there are two separate gyms with Liverpool Combat Academy headed up by Lawrence Fitzpatrick or Law as he's known who's been around since the Wolf Slayer days like with Michael Bisping like super OG and team Cow Bon basically two of the most historically stacked gyms especially in that part of the country in the UK's history. So Liverpool Combat Academy is Loz's gym, one that they actually have a pretty unique nickname for. Um, Dagy Pool, Dagistan, we're we're not over there. We prefer Liverpool. So, it's Dagger Pool to us. &gt;&gt; Um, his dad Jay, he he brought from the gym around I think he was 14. Like his grappling, his mindset, his ability to focus and learn, ability to innovate on his own, but the the small details, what he does, that's what makes him so good. And then there is Jason Tan, a former UFC fighter from back in the 2000s when the UK was still just taking off internationally with the likes of Michael Bisping getting on to tough in 2006. Jason Tan was there in the UFC during that time. He also runs his own gym called the MMA Academy in Liverpool. And between these three gyms, this is where Curtis Campbell has honed his craft. So me with with the other coaches it was just more of a natural progression for everyone to fall into place loses took over the wrestling side of things and then when you got the likes of K striking and then to top it off you got the cherry on the cake with Jason S. He brings peaceful harmony in in in into the cultures. It sounds mad when Jason talks. Hey, you listen. &gt;&gt; And we got to talk about the look, right? The pink shorts, all of that. It's the elephant in the room. What's the deal with the nickname and all that, too? &gt;&gt; Uh 2021. Um I started I first fought in the pink shorts just as a dare. I think I was sitting in the back garden on as soon as day went my me dad and we were looking for a pair of fight shorts and and there was a nice pink pair and I sort of just me dad said to me bet you won't wear them. &gt;&gt; It sounds like a dare Harry. &gt;&gt; It's a double dare. &gt;&gt; I was fighting for me first featherweight title and I was on a podcast and one of the lads said I think I've got your name. &gt;&gt; I would have called him the pink panther. &gt;&gt; From there I sort of just changed me top from black to pink and just just went straight for the brand. So yeah, all the background stuff aside, Curtis Campbell's record is super legit. Here's how Adam, the president and founder of FCC, remembers booking him back in 2021 when Curtis was still just 19 years old, fighting in the promotion for the first time. Uh the first time I'd heard about Curtis was through either his coach Kyle Keane or his dad Jason. And again, like like most most fathers, they they'll come to you say, "Oh, me kid mustard. He's going to be the next big thing. Wait till you see him." Uh we got him booked on against Steph Murray. We say when you when you actually see these guys square off, Steph Steph Murray is like a bit of a physical specimen. As I say, I kind of came in like fully kind of committed a little bit later than than Curtis did to be fair and I remember watching the fight like in in the arena um with a couple of my colleagues from work like no way like the other guy like just like shredded. Looks like an absolute athlete. &gt;&gt; Steph is an absolute unit. We were shredded. So everyone sort of thought well this kid glasses is going to get sort of right. Total opposite happen. He's wobbled. &gt;&gt; Campbell looking to pounce here. Murray trying to escape. Gets his back to the cage. &gt;&gt; Referee's going to keep an eye on that fence. Got off that. He's going to be sitting. You can see. Look at that scramble. &gt;&gt; It's all Curtis Campbell in terms of racking up offensive points. Curtis Campbell turning up the tempo here. Yeah. So, any of us longtime MMA fans know appearances mean next to nothing. Meanwhile, Curtis was winning championships all over the UK, including for UK FC in two weight classes at bantamweight and featherweight. And crazy enough, the next time we saw Curtis Campbell fight in the FCC cage, he was fighting another big UK standout in Teddy Stringer, who you might recognize as a Cagewear standout. But this time this was for a third divisional belt at lightweight. Meaning now if he could win this championship too, he'd be a belt holder at bantamweight, featherweight, and now lightweight. Teddy's legit. Teddy is legit. A great prospect for Cage Warriors. You know where he's all going. He's going to end up in the UFC. Both me and Teddy knew I was better. &gt;&gt; Why can't we have two of the Oh, lovely. That front teeth landed in that straight. Low kick there from Stringer. Oh, nice. And now jump down to get Oh. Oh. Crucifixes the arm. Oh, Teti is as tough as nails. Threaten with whatever I can. Oh yeah. Three titles in three different weight classes in six months. Good god. What's going to stop Curtis Campbell? &gt;&gt; This wasn't one and done either. Curtis Campbell went to another promotion in Almighty Fighting Championships and won yet another lightweight title over the then undefeated Kyle Jones. And so, yeah, when Curtis went back to FCC in June of 2022, he was already a title holder in those three separate weight classes. But there was one more belt he had to get. It was up against a uniquely formidable opponent from Poland and Milos Krug. I started doing Full Contact Contender commentary uh FCC 28 and then the first show back after that 29 I met Curtis Campbell for the first time. Me kind of being new to commentary as well, you know, I'm trying to pick up all the details I can. I'm trying to learn all the names on the scene, but it was clear that everyone when they talked about Curtis Campbell, they talked about him differently. There was a different level of excitement. There was a different level of of hype behind his name already. The Crow opposite him ready to go. And what a title fight we have for you right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So he was the number one amateur in Poland. Was I saying actually Poland like their national sports MMA so the level is really really high you know he's he's a solid legit as they come fighter you know I mean Milos was a big strong guy. I knew what that fight was going to bring. I knew he was different and I saw the size and thought oh this is going to be a little tricky challenge this you know he's coming to fight. We were all in for an allout war or so we thought. Milos Crook in the red corner. Pink Panther Curtis Campbell. Whoa, nice front leg team. Oh, lovely catch. So, I'm loving this back and forth right now. The strength battle between the two men, but now this could be it. 10 seconds left. &gt;&gt; Trying to show some invincibility. &gt;&gt; Wow. Final seconds. Five titles now to his name. Undoubtedly the number one amateur in Europe. This was for the best amateur featherweight in Europe. In Europe. No joke. And this was the high note that Curtis ended his amateur career on. The amateur scene threw everything they could at him and he just dominated all throughout. It was time to go pro. And coincidentally, this is when I was invited to start doing commentary for the promotion. I had already been paying attention since Bailey or Alex was a part of their commentary team. And needless to say, walking into a promotion in a country that I'm not from, in a part of the country that I don't live in, man, it was pretty tough to learn about all the fighters on the card on UFC Fight Pass. Um, they weren't on Fight Pass before that. This was their first one. And of course, they're only the second promotion in the UK to be on the platform. It's a pretty big deal for developing talents in the region. You &gt;&gt; know, Full Contact Contender is a family-run business and we've been operating for over 10 years. So to finally be getting the recognition on MMA's biggest platform in the world is just dream come true stuff for us. &gt;&gt; So suffice to say this was a massive deal for everybody involved. But there was one fight that did stand out and of course it was Curtis Campbell's pro debut and he did not disappoint. &gt;&gt; Curtis the Pink Panther Campbell finally making his pro debut tonight and we get to call the fight. Jason, &gt;&gt; there was a little bit more nerves just because it was first time it's pro and put a performance on especially at being on UFC fight pass. You know it's back to the zero zero but I knew it was times to shine. &gt;&gt; Everyone looks at like oh it's K's like these glasses on when he takes them. &gt;&gt; Red corner black shorts. Nice outside leg kick to get us started here by Curtis. Stiff jab as well. No take down attempts at all. Curtis very content. Oh, stiff jab already sits him down covering up already and that's it. I don't think he wants it anymore. There we go. &gt;&gt; He'd return again in June of 2023 and make easy work in a sophomore effort as well. &gt;&gt; Look at massive right leg straight to the liver. &gt;&gt; Total domination from beginning to end. So, the Pink Panther was already being highlighted by the UFC at this point as a real fighter to watch. Things were riding high, but then came an incredibly risky top tier opponent out of nowhere. The first fight that I matched for Curtis was a guy called Shawn Perro. I was so excited to match this fight. Like I remember not being on like the phone to Jay at work and I was like obviously explaining who this guy was and I'm like I think this is great. And initially like Jay was immediately interested. So I was like oh brilliant because Curtis is 2 and 0. Sean's 5-0. And he's not just 5-0 but he's training with some of the best guys in the world. &gt;&gt; Of course extreme couture has a huge name in the MMA world that cannot be understated. Obviously, the founder being Randy Couture himself, but what Eric Nick and Dewey Cooper and the whole staff have done there with their talents is truly world class. So, Shawn Perro being a 5-0 prospect out of that gym and Curtis still being just 2-0 with a relatively small fight camp called KC Fight Base that the world certainly doesn't know on a world stage. It was fair to say that this was a massive step up. &gt;&gt; I remember specifically it's like, okay, this might be too much of a challenge for Curtis. He's fighting a 5 and0 guy from extreme couture. Like this is no joke. &gt;&gt; I can't. This is This is a 2 and 0 guy. You're fighting a 5-0 guy. You just don't do that. But you don't you I mean, you've been out of sport a long time, Jason. You know, you don't do that. That's That's a crazy jump. It was just money to me. You know, I come home from Thailand and I had a few staff infections and didn't spar well for a few times and me sort of fell off and I had a good wakeup call and changed mentality and me dad was like, "I know, but you're only 2 and0." So that's a quite a big step. But this is what the fight looked like. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's so much tension in this room right now. What a great fight we have on our hands. Thank you to everyone who's tuning in for this one. &gt;&gt; Blue corner tonight for Curtis Campbell. You feeling that left hook. He went for it again. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh, that one almost cut him open from behind there. Those uppercuts is not a good position to be in. Lovely job with the body lock avoiding the spinning elbow. Fantastic. &gt;&gt; Some good adjustments to this close-range fighting. Lovely body kick again, but well caught there by Curtis. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's holding on for dear life now. &gt;&gt; Curtis not quite locked in. He He might actually have it now. He turned down. Wow. &gt;&gt; Sean Perro is durable. 1 minute 30 in this third round. Oh, great take down. Shawn back to the feet. &gt;&gt; Another take down. That one looked like it hurt there as well. variety of takedowns, but also &gt;&gt; oh that knee again &gt;&gt; the cardio Jason to just keep keep going with these takedowns over and over again. &gt;&gt; It's been a really dominant performance so far from Curtis. He hasn't I'm sure he wants a finish and he'll be hunting for one but you can't get much more dominant than this. I mean this might be an FCC record for takedowns. &gt;&gt; It's all the jaw though more on the net. Good job pushing the hand up from there &gt;&gt; as Curtis is doing the Nate Diaz and just flanking it everybody. &gt;&gt; Quite literally one of the best opponents you could have pulled to come up against Curtis. Arguably a guy you shouldn't even have been fighting because you're 5 and0 against 2 and 0. You want to talk about some of that superstar potential. &gt;&gt; Curtis Campbell absolutely has 100%. Yeah, there's definitely something going on here for him to do that and he would quickly follow that up in the beginning of 2024. &gt;&gt; Panther mixing things up now. Another car. Oh, &gt;&gt; that's it. Does he make it look so easy? &gt;&gt; Now at 4 and0 with the stellar amateur career of five world titles. There was more than enough steam behind the Pink Panther to get his first pro title shot in FCC. and his opponent was a massive test. Coming out of Brazil at 5-0 as a star pupil of Yuri Carlton, who was the famed coach of JDS throughout his championship era, well, this was yet another huge test and also against a fighter with more experience. Emma, it was a really big step up in tests like obviously Shas I know just think where Lima come from you know especially just the fllas in its own the fighting place just like the way I say this is a fighting city &gt;&gt; he was like ranked top 10 in this region in Brazil again brilliant brilliant fight from a promotional perspective like we got 200 me prospects here &gt;&gt; I said but you bring the best I said don't short changes with any lesser fighters let's put it that way I said we want the best and so with Yuri Carlton flying over to personally corner Matteo Lima. There was a lot writing on this fight in either direction &gt;&gt; and the FCC featherweight championship is on the SL. &gt;&gt; Starting out with some leg kicks both sides. The catch there for Curtis trying to run it to the ground. Heads up in full gun already. That triangle going up. Curtis looks fine though. The arm is the elbow still in but the head is clear with these long limbs. Oh, he pointed down. &gt;&gt; Strange it. He went for the oldest trick in the book. He literally pointed down and then went for a question mark. There's Curtis trying to inside [Applause] car out of the way. Turning side catch for Campbell. Gets the hands off. Takes him for a ride. Kick elbow for about 15 minutes straight. But there's still risk control on that left arm of Leing here as Campbell drops the elbows over and over again. He's got carried away. Saw an opportunity there. Just jumped a little up against because he's had he massive elbows like that. And there is Le forward with the knee but running down the neck though of Curtis Campbell. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Interesting. I think you're going to look at this cut and figure out &gt;&gt; Le sticking his tongue out there. Did you see that? sticking his tongue out at Campbell saying, "Ah, now we're getting into a fight." &gt;&gt; And he cut him. He ate him. Give us that ad. Give us that different look to see where the Kandle smiling at me. And I was like, "Trust me, this is like when he's the best. How things are going to get good because he'll express himself then." And I was getting like a stupid adrenaline boost like that second wind. And I remember just smiling, laughing at him. As much as the blood's ever, you know, it makes it horrible. made it more exciting for me. That psychopathic switch and completely another time and this is going to look a little bit more like round one. He's a big shot. We did see this in round and your FCC featherweight champion the pink panther Curtis Ham. &gt;&gt; And again, Curtis would follow that up with a quick finish over Austrian FC featherweight champion Daniel Matus. defend himself from this ground. Curtis is taking a shot. That's first round finish from Curtis Campbell &gt;&gt; at FCC 41 in March of 2025. Now standing tall at 6 and0 with nobody who could really test him in all of those fights. Curtis Campbell was up against another true threat. One with scary KO power, a top 10 level talent, and his own ground game credentials to contend with. Not to mention a bit of trash talking shocking, too. [Music] Mario is a boomer. &gt;&gt; Valario had said that he had mediocre grappling. We're about to find out. Valario, he's got it. He's got it. &gt;&gt; Still untested. Curtis Campbell. No one has been able to test this man throughout his entire program. now 7 and0. &gt;&gt; And so this is the way that Curtis Campbell has left FCC to chase his boyhood dreams in the world's biggest MMA promotion. Never once has anybody really been able to test him in his last 6 years of competition. He's finished nearly everybody he's come across in that amount of time. He's won five amateur world titles, a champion as a pro that has defended that title two times. He's already been highlighted by the UFC for several years as somebody to watch. It's fair to say the call to the contender series was just inevitable for quite some time. &gt;&gt; Well, if the big man was watching right now, would you have a message for him? &gt;&gt; Come on, big man. You know who I am. I know who you are. Well, then so um yeah, what was your reaction when you found out the news? We put our absolute like heart and souls into this. We've done all of our role. They've done that. Everyone's done their role. And then to actually be able to get the result that we were all working towards is yeah, it was it was crazy. Um yeah, it was like &gt;&gt; next year we can have another interview and then we said we're closer, aren't we, to where we want to be and then one day you'll sit here with the belt. I think 3 4 years from now I'll be I'd be doing the things that I've dreamed of as a kid. I'd [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have it. That's all I have else to say. And it's probably right around this point that there's something really worth mentioning. Over the past few years, I've gotten to know Curtis, his family, his teammates. And the truth is, yeah, I'm having a hard time separating my bias on this one. And I fully embrace that. This is a passion piece. This is a fun thing that I'm making. I don't think that this video is going to get a ton of views because I'm talking about a prospect that frankly people don't know that much about yet, but I'm doing it because I want to. It's for the love of the game. It's for the appreciation of what I've seen inside the cage. And you know, I might be an early person talking about this, but I think a lot more people will be talking about him soon. This is something I've always had a ton of interest in with this channel, highlighting future talents. And not to mention, he's such a good dude. It's hard not to root for the guy. It's just, it just is. And of course, let's be real about things. This is a violent, violent sport. He could win and this incredible journey continues on, or he could just immediately lose and get sparked clean out. He's on the verge of jumping into a shark tank. Let's be real about that. I fully accept that and realize that this could go from that hopeful story to a devastating one, especially when he's up against such a scary guy coming out of EFC and Dembec with very real KO power. It's yet another fun test for Curtis. That being said, I do think Debease always appears to overcommit and does get taken down quite often, which also opens up opportunities on the feet. And this is something that we've seen Curtis exploit in his opponents over and over in the past. So, I think he's really well equipped for this test. I think it's a matchup that he'll do really well in. But, of course, Dembec has all the opportunity in the world to prove me wrong on Tuesday night. It is a fight and anything can happen. And so, with that being said, guys, that is the end of my video here. I want to give a massive shout out to Curtis himself, Jay his father, Law from Liverpool Combat Academy, uh Kyle Keane, of course, Adam and Molly from FCC, and uh yeah, I got to give a shout out to my boys as well, Alex being a part of this whole process and helping out. And of course, George for helping to set everything up and driving. It was just a really great team effort all around and I'm super grateful to have done this and I'm really happy to be making this video. So, I hope you guys tune in on Tuesday. I'll actually be there. I'm flying over to Vegas. I'm gearing up for that right now. And so, yeah, I guess I'll see you on Tuesday. Have a great day and uh yeah, see you later. Peace.