Kind: captions Language: en There have been 351 undisputed title fights in UFC history and 136 undisputed championship reigns. Some of them were downright awe inspiring and took the sport to heights many of us didn't even think were possible. Others were so terrible that they inspired a different type of awe at how a championship reign could go so poorly. And today, I'm going to run through every single division this promotion has ever had and tell you who was the very best and the very worst to hold that gold. Then at the very end, we'll decide just who it is that's earned those distinctions when every division is considered. Get ready to debate in the comments section because this time I'm going full force. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and these are the greatest and worst UFC champions of all time. Now, a brief note on how it is I am looking at this topic because your definition of a great or terrible champion might be different from mine. Quick note, we're only talking championship reigns. How good was their run on top? Some may have actually been better at their peak than others ranked above them. But this list is only about the quality of their reigns, number of defenses, level of opponents. How were they as champion when they were champion? Got it. Great. Worst strawweight champion. Does Carla Esparza get points for being the first champion in the history of the division and having wins over Rose Namayunas. I mean, she doesn't not get credit for those things, but the Rose that she beat in the first fight to win tough and become the inaugural champ was pretty raw as a talent. And one of the reasons that Esparza has had success is that she has a skill set in her wrestling that is definitely difficult for a lot of fighters in the division. But the problem is she lost devastatingly in her very next fight to Yawani Y and Jek. And the second time she took that title eight years after her first reign. It was arguably the worst title fight of all time. &gt;&gt; Your thoughts on the co-main? Not quite the excitement level in the co-main event that we had in the main. Uh a bit of a frustrating watch, I guess. What were your thoughts on that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was a weird fight. Um, &gt;&gt; she won, but Rose had a bizarre strategy and the whole thing was just not an ideal title exchange. &gt;&gt; So, so that's maybe like one mistake adjustments that you can make. &gt;&gt; I don't think there was any mistakes. I'm going to jump back in here real quick. &gt;&gt; And then she lost soundly again the very next fight. Is Carla better than the vast majority of the fighters that have ever competed at 115 lbs? Yes. But she's also the worst champion, best strawweight champion. While I definitely don't factor in skill level necessarily, when we have direct evidence like two champions fighting each other, that certainly factors into things. &gt;&gt; Shut up. &gt;&gt; And Jeang Lee beat the other fighter that is the one many would argue is the greatest strawweight ever, Yana Champion, twice. She had one of the all-time greatest UFC fights ever. The first time around with Yana. &gt;&gt; I think we can safely say that was the greatest title fight in women's MMA history. &gt;&gt; And I don't mean female fights. one of the greatest fights you'll ever see. &gt;&gt; Got the win and the second time around finished her with a spinning back fist which was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome. Now, she did have the two losses to Rose, but otherwise she's been unbelievable. And while some might argue Rose because of her head-to-head wins, for me, she could just never put together any real consistent rain. Not to mention, Way's had four successful defenses now over the course of her two title runs. And her current run is absolutely stellar. She KO's Yana, takes the belt from Asparza, and her defenses have been Lamos, Shiaan, and Tatiana Suarez, a fighter that many of us assumed was going to eventually get to the gold and never let it go. Taking the title for Mandraj in 42 seconds to kick off her first reign in China was an incredible moment. Does she have the most defenses? No. But if you look at hers as I just ran through them compared to Yana's, Jeangs hold up so much better. Penne Lerno, Kobokavic, they just don't stack up to what Way's done. And that head-to-head, I think, in this instance, is pretty emphatic. worst women's flyweight champion. &gt;&gt; She didn't make weight. I mean, that's that's pretty much it in a nutshell. &gt;&gt; Pretty easy answer here, right? I mean, this is absolutely the person that everybody would expect to be here, but I think beyond our typical discussion of Nico Montano, which usually points out that she never defended her title once, was stripped in disgrace over the whole Valentina situation, even though I do think she had legitimate health issues and the UFC schedule was just not lining up at all with a realistic timeline for her. But that's entirely beyond the point. She didn't fight. And furthermore, the discussion about why Montano is a bad champion, is that she beat Roxy Mafairi for the title instead of Sajar Eubanks, the opponent she was meant to fight at the end of the season of tough. Again, I'll defend her a small bit here and say that Eubanks didn't exactly show us that she was a world beater after the show. She ended her career seven and seven, so how much better of an opponent she was is debatable. &gt;&gt; I was like, you passing up on a Rocky moment. I was going to come in here. I was going to shock the world. I was going to put Valentina our ass. But the thing that we don't talk about when we discuss Nico being a bad champ is that we never got to see her do anything ever again. It's not like she stuck around and fought in the division, found her way back to the title, proved that she belonged. Anything to change the narrative that focused on the disaster that was her title rank. Instead, she never fought at flyweight ever again, and then nearly two years later fights once at bantamweight, loses to Pena, and then never fights again. And it's that on top of how terrible her reign went that will leave her as the worst flyweight champion ever forever. Best women's flyweight champion. I mean, who else could it be right besides Valentina Chevchenko? It's between her and Grao since there's only one other champ being the worst one. And Valentina had a perfect progression of fights over Alexa. She lost the first one, Drew in the second, and won the third one definitively. So, she put her greatest rivalry to rest. And otherwise, at flyweight, she's been pretty much perfect. Eight defenses now during her two reigns. She's beaten literally anybody that's ever been anybody at flyweight. This division is defined by Valentina and her greatness. And even though the Division is relatively young, I can't imagine a world where somebody surpasses her anytime soon after she hangs up the gloves because something tells me she'll be adding a few more defenses before it's all said and done. But yeah, I call her Fly Door A milliono for a reason. She's the goat at 125. &gt;&gt; I'm not a spy. &gt;&gt; Worst men's flyweight champion. Yeah, so this sucks to say because like who the hell doesn't love Brandon Moreno, but really there's no worst here. It's just sort of a default position that he ends up being in. Like it can't be Cejudo. He dethroned the greatest ever. It's not Pantosia. He's doing fantastic. So that leaves either Moreno or Figgy. Their first insanely epic fight would have been a win for Davidson if not for that point deduction that made it a draw. And while he lost twice to Brandon, he also got the win in their third fight, which was also a banger. And Figgy beat Joe B twice in title fights, one of the best flyweights ever. He had a defense against Alex Perez before the Mareno quadrilogy. While Brandon doesn't have a successful defense, I'm not saying this is an easy decision and that Figgy is just miles ahead of him or something, but I think he just edges him out. So, if I have to pick a worst, which I do because that's what this video is about, it has to be Moreno by process of elimination. I'm so sorry, Brandon. I'll buy you a Lego set. Best men's flyweight champion. Demetrius Johnson is the standard. He is one of the greatest fighters ever. And the chances of anybody ever having the same impact at flyweight as him seems pretty damn slim. Even with the impressive title run that Pantosia is currently on, a UFC record 11 defenses, a number that is just stupid to even think about when most champions these days defend once and are looking to jump to another division to win a second title. And while you can say all you want about the level of competition, I would ask you exactly who it is he didn't fight. And the answer is nobody but TJ Dillashaw, a fighter from another division who came down and popped for EPO after getting KO'ed in half a minute because cutting down to 125 was a horrible idea. So there's just nothing you can throw at the guy, even though people did try to at the time. Some incredible victories, too. The jumping arm bar. &gt;&gt; At this point, you're just showing off in the air. Who does that? &gt;&gt; Show off. &gt;&gt; The KO of Joe B in their rematch. The first fight with John Dodson, TKOing Henry Cejudo in half a round. I mean, he was just excellence personified in the cage. And there's not even remotely an argument for somebody else in this spot, and I doubt there ever will be. Worst women's bantamweight champion. Another one I hate to do it to. But keep in mind, I'm not here to bash anybody, but also keep in mind I'm talking about champions, not the worst fighter ever or something. So even when you're a bad champion, you still held a piece of metal that says you are the best in the world for however long you did. So there's no shade here. But if we're talking about championship reigns at 135, Raquel Pennington's does not hold up to anybody else's. Even though we have had some other one and done, Holly Holm, Misha Tate, Juliana Pñena, the difference being who it is they beat. Holly dethroned Rhonda. Misha took it from Holly and Pñena beat the goat. Now, should Raquel have been given the nod in her first defense against Pena? Yes. But it really doesn't change too much in terms of the narrative because Rocky took the gold in a vacant title match from Myra Bueno Silva, which with all due respect has struggled a bit in the UFC and likely won't leave a large legacy. Is it awesome that an OG like Pennington won a belt? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yes. But her reign leaves a lot to be desired at 135. Best women's bantamweight champion. It's pretty easy to call the greatest women's fighter ever, Amanda Nunez, the greatest champion in the history of the bantamweight division, even when it's also occupied by Ronda Rousey, who also has six title defenses. If only there was some direct comparison we could make between them that would indicate that Amanda is better than Ronda. Oh yeah, their headto-head match up where she absolutely destroyed her. &gt;&gt; Our guys try to spy with her, it becomes very she's knocking out the guys. &gt;&gt; Head movement. Head movement. And even if you don't consider head-to-head matchups particularly potent when comparing legacies, her resume of challengers is just more impressive any way you look at it. Ronda herself, of course, Valentina, Holly Holm, who did a pretty good job against Ronda herself, GDR, Aldana, Rocky, it's not really even a debate, so I think we'll move on. Worst men's bantamweight champion. Okay, here's a great example of a head-to-head matchup that doesn't always define a fighter's legacy, or rather help them in this particular argument. And Cody Yarbrand dethroned an all-time great like Dominic Cruz in one of the most impressive performances of all time. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; and again, he hurt him bad. No one has ever been able to do this to Dominic Cruz, which you would think would save him from the very bottom rung of this bantamweight championship list, but when compared to the others, you'd be wrong. Let's look at the other worst champions candidates here. Jan beyond that absolutely stupid history-making mistake against Sterling was on his way to his first defense and also has crucial victories over Cory Sanhagen for inum gold Aldo for the vacant title and other impressive performances. Ali legitimately dethroned Algo got a bit of a nothing defense against Vera but it's more than Cody can say unfortunately. And then there's the context of the rest of our journey with Garbrandt that I think matters most. Yes, he had an insane victory over Cruz to dethrone him. But after that, the two devastating losses to Dillashaw in title fights, a mindnumbing KO loss to Pedro Munoz. The only bantamweights he's beat since are Hafa Sunsowl, Trevan Jones, and Brian Keller, while dropping three more at 135. Beyond his meteoric rise in 2016 capped off with that insane Cruz victory, you really can't point to much of anything else at bantamweight for Cody. And so, he has to be the worst. Best men's bantamweight champion. Hot take. Dominic Cruz is the greatest bantamweight of all time. I don't want to hear anything about TJ Dillashaw. &gt;&gt; Come here little boy. &gt;&gt; Al Jabain Sterling &gt;&gt; coming on your ass way. &gt;&gt; Neither of them have had as impressive a run as Cruz did. Especially when you combine what he did in the UFC and WEC, which I am in this instance because it was the same damn division. They just changed the logo on the canvas. Dillshaw has impressive wins against Barrow and to a lesser extent twice against Garbrandt, but he lost head-to-head with Cruz. Sterling's win over Broken TJ and three years off the couch Hudo don't feel strong enough at all. And Morab is looking really powerful, but just getting started. It's way too early to tell. Meanwhile, Dom racked up two defenses in the WC, including a win over Joseph Benitas before coming to the UFC and taking down rival Uriah Faber and Demetrius Johnson. A victory that has aged like Helen Mirren. Then injuries cut this man down in his prime, but he came back from having a single bout in over four years to take the title from Dillashaw in his return and then got a defense against Jeriah Faber. Five total defenses, an insane resume. Losing to the worst champ or not doesn't even matter. Nobody's bantamweight legacy holds up to Dom's. &gt;&gt; Is tonight the greatest moment of Dominic Cruz's life? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; The greatest moment in my life was realizing that I didn't need a belt to be happy. &gt;&gt; Worst women's featherweight. I mean, it's got to be GDR. She wins the title controversially because the referee doesn't take a point away when she's bashing Holly Holm's head in after the horn twice. &gt;&gt; Oh man, she did it again. Take a point away. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. You got to take a point away now. &gt;&gt; And after winning in disgrace, she was stripped in disgrace for refusing to fight Chris Cyborg, who was the entire point of the division's creation in the first place. Like the short-sightedness of Durandemy in this situation is pretty baffling, but she technically was a champion, the first and worst at 145. A division that is thinner than dollar store toilet paper. Best women's featherweight. The answer to this question really just came down to who won the fight between Nunez and Chris Cyborg. And the answer was Nunez. Cyborg. Should there have been a rematch at some point? It would have been the second most significant fight That Division has ever had right behind the first one. But we didn't get it. And with Amanda getting the better of their first encounter and racking up two defenses of her own as well that were equal to Chris's, hard to say anybody else. I do think that as a division outside the UFC itself, Cyborg has an argument for the greatest. She's done insane work over a very long period, but strictly UFC, it's the lionist. Hands down. &gt;&gt; The greatest fighter of all time, a man to do this. &gt;&gt; Worst men's featherweight. I remember a time much closer to when Conor McGregor was at his peak going on a podcast to debate who is the greatest featherweight of all time, Aldo, Connor, or Max. At the time, I believe my argument was that McGregor's only knock against him was that he didn't defend his title. But the arguments that others were making was that look what he did to Aldo and Holloway head-to-head, which is true. But let me reiterate this point, that doesn't always translate to better championship reigns. Not to mention, and I'm going to say something I felt for a really long time, I do not know how a rematch would have gone between Aldo and McGregor. Not saying it was warranted necessarily, it's a legitimate win, but we didn't really get to see those two fight if we're being honest. What can you learn in 13 seconds? And as for beating Max, the guy was a puppy. That doesn't hold weight. Beyond that, the giant elephant in the room, Connor held up the division for 350 days as champion doing anything but defending that featherweight title. &gt;&gt; Did they physically take that belt from me? Have has anyone laid a finger on me to take that second belt or the first belt? No. I'm still a two-way world champion. Make no mistake about it. &gt;&gt; You still consider yourself the featherweight champion? &gt;&gt; All they had to do was ask. &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; All they had to do was ask. &gt;&gt; And when you look at every other champion on the list, it's impossible that Connor was anything but the worst. Here's my question. This when I say for now, can he really keep banking that weight? Oh my god, he looked like death. &gt;&gt; That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] looks like he's on death door. &gt;&gt; Best men's featherweight. Okay, this one was really hard for me because my first instinct was to go back and look at Jose Aldo just like I did Cruz and factor in the WC. The dude had nine successful defenses in a row. Faber in WEC, Menddees twice, Frankie Edgar, Zombie. It's an impressive run of names, but ultimately 145 was just not at the level that it was when Vulk reigned supreme. I mean, there's been a very strong argument for Max Holloway over Aldo, and Vog beat Max three times. You can argue about the second fight, but after that definitive series, there's no denying who is the better man. The Brian Ortega defense was spectacular as well. Yay Rodriguez was just that guy waiting to take gold. It felt like the dude was meant for it, and Alex put him away. An insane run. And look, I'm not making excuses here, but he probably shouldn't have been fighting Tapora when he did after that KO from Islam. &gt;&gt; You know, I mean, it is hard. Like, it really is hard for uh athletes. Sorry. Um I I never thought I'd struggle with it, but I mean like for some reason when I wasn't fighting or or in camp, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sorry. Obviously, Ilia is forging his own legacy right now and looking amazing, but I'd have loved to have seen that fight at a different time. No matter though, Alex showed his incredible championship mentality by coming back and winning that vacant gold against a young tough guy in Lopez. He's just everything you could want from a champion, and his trilogy with Max seals it for me. Vulk is the featherweight goat. &gt;&gt; Alexander the Great. Hey, adversity is a privilege. You hear people talk about that all the time. It truly is. This moment is incredible. &gt;&gt; So I went to go for a champ against Islam Mak much bigger than me. Division above Dagistani Wrestle thought I was mad. They thought you got no chance, mate. And mate, you should have seen it was one of the best fights you will ever see. &gt;&gt; Worst lightweight champion. Hey, it's not Connor again. Although I have to say holding up the division for 511 days is total [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That said, that's probably on the UFC 2. The reigning. &gt;&gt; But no, worst champ has got to be Shawn Sherk. wins the bacon strap off a fight with Kinflow, which is a good win. There's no denying that, but more so in retrospect after Kenny proved himself. &gt;&gt; Kenny Florini. &gt;&gt; At the time, it was more the tough boom that got him in that fight in a weak division than anything. And then the real reason Shawn's the worst, that absolute disgrace of a fight with Hermes Franka. You got to remember the history of the lightweight division at that point was a disaster. This was a fragile thing at the time, 155. And so to be stripped of your title for popping for steroids while your opponent also pops. So there was never going to be a winner anyway. I mean it was a nightmare scenario for a division that was already on shaky ground. But luckily BJ Penn was there to save the day, save the division and Nishon Sherk in the face. &gt;&gt; Shrek chic. &gt;&gt; Best lightweight champion. This is maybe a hot take to some considering that Islam now holds the record for most defenses. But I think when you look at what Islam has done so far, it does not hold up to what Habib Namemed did. Islam beat Olivivera to win the title. Fantastic victory. First defense against Vulk. There's an argument to be made that he didn't win that fight. It was very close. And the state that Alex was in taking that fight again on short notice. It's a victory against the top pound-for-pound guy, but wins aren't in a vacuum. And that's just the reality of it. He beat Dustin, but that was latestage Porier. So again, just a small caveat. And then beating Hanato on short notice. With all due respect, it's just not a title fight in anything but name. I do think Islam will probably go on to be the greatest lightweight champion ever, but right now it's Khabib. The win over Connor after that mythical period of his career was impressive. I mean, he must have been gamed to be the only fighter to ever get a round off Habib. Porier had just beat Max Holloway and ended his insane streak. That's a great win. Dei was coming off ending Tony's streak. That's a great win, too. And there's also the fact he never lost it. He went out on top. Who knows how many more defenses he would have gotten. &gt;&gt; You never know what's going to happen tomorrow. You never know. Oh, alhamdulillah. Today is my last fight here in UFC. &gt;&gt; I do want to mention BJ Penn's greatness briefly here because while he's not Habib or Islam, he had a pretty legendary run that deserves mentioning. But ultimately, the knocks on Nurmagdov never getting to fight with Tony and winning gold off Aquenta don't hold up when compared to the caveats made for Islam. Hhabib is the best by a small margin. &gt;&gt; That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kalabib &gt;&gt; worst welterweight champion. It kind of sucks saying this about a huge pioneer in the sport. So, let me give Pat Militic at least a few flowers here first. He was the inaugural welterweight champion. So regardless, that's at least a historical note. And more so than as a fighter, Pat as a coach was a vital evolution in the sport and really did help to usher in a new era in training in the early 2000s. That all said, his title reign is just abysmal. Sure, credit where it's due for being first, but Mike Bernett would end up having seven MMA fights total, and my god, that shorts grabbing festival of a title fight absolutely suck. It's amazing The Division survived it. And part of me wishes it didn't because the rest of his reign was incredibly lacking. Jorge Patino, Andre Pedanerys, John Allesio, Kenichi Yamamoto. None of these guys are champion caliber in any sense of the word and would never end up being either. Pedanerys had only a single pro fight at the time. Another guy more important for coaching. Yamamoto only ever won five bouts in his 19 fight career. None of these opponents were impressive. And then when you factor in that while holding the title, Pat was losing elsewhere. He lost three times and got finished twice while he was UFC champion. Fight is over. The fight is over. That is the only champion ever we can say that about. Pat Militic is an important figure in MMA history, but he's also the worst UFC welterweight champion. Best welterweight champion. What can you even say about George St. Pierre in such a brief window? He is excellence personified. He embodies every quality you could possibly apply to the idea of a champion. And it's not like we haven't had other great champions at 170. Matt Hughes, his predecessor, felt unstoppable. Woodley and Usman had tremendous runs with the goal, but none of them hold a candle to GSP and his nine straight defenses in that second title reign. Even the way he started that reign by getting back such a brutally embarrassing and difficult loss to Matt Sarah. George St. Pierre is the undisputed UFC welterweight champion. Something like that could have crushed St. Pierre, but he worked his way back up with another win over Hughes and Josh Koschek, and then it was off to the races. Every GSP defense felt like a big deal. John Fitch was a huge threat. BJ Penn a true super fight. Thiago Alves was terrifying in 2009. The two massive outsider fights with Jake Shields and Nick Diaz, and every bout showed something, even if it wasn't a huge one. the domination of Dan Hardy, the jabs against Koschek in the rematch, the ability to survive that headkick against Condid, and getting out by the skin of his teeth, even if the judges got it wrong against Johnny Hendris. All of it is legendary. The way he fought, the way he carried himself, he might be the greatest champion ever, but he's certainly the greatest welterweight champion ever. &gt;&gt; There's one man you can model your career on, the way he trains, the way he looks after his body, the way he cross trains, George St. Pierre would be that man. &gt;&gt; Worst middleweight champion. This was actually harder than I thought it would be to find the worst because you do have some contenders. Well, two, Michael Bisby ripping the strap off Luke Rockold was an all-time moment, but after that, he did everything in his power to not fight anybody that actually deserved a shot at that title. First with the number 13 Dan Henderson fight and then waiting ages for GSP. Speaking of which, St. Pierre won gold against Mike and then bounced. You could argue that both the weakness of his opponents and that he immediately left puts him in the worst champ at 185 category, but he did have a legitimate issue. The colitis was a result of him gaining unnatural amounts of weight to even compete at 185. Now, would he have stayed if he was healthy? I don't know. That's a debate, but he has a legitimate out. So, yeah, it has to be Dave Manet. I'm terribly sorry, Bailey. Dave absolutely deserved to be in that inaugural title fight. And Castillo was an unbeaten, really tough opponent. It's a very good victory and we shouldn't take that away from him, but he got thrown into that fight after a loss to Kanihara and then immediately lost the strap to boost in his first defense. Not to mention, the division was just non-existent at the time. The guy has some legitimate wins outside the UFC. You should absolutely watch Alex's excellent video about his fascinating career if you haven't. That said, he is the worst UFC middleweight champion, best middleweight champion. I remember younger fans saying that Israel was coming up on Silva's legacy after he defended the title five times straight. And I am sorry, that is just nonsense. I love Izzy, but there's no comparison. In fact, nobody holds a candle to Anderson Silva in the division's history, and I seriously doubt they ever will. 10 defenses over the course of nearly 2500 days. It was Silva's era in the sport. He was the greatest, or it felt like he was, and certainly that's held up at 185, decimating Rich Franklin twice, subbing Dan Henderson, the insane comeback against Chale Sun. Triangle, watch out, triangle. It's in trouble. &gt;&gt; The front kick on Vtor Belffor. So many incredible and iconic moments. one of few fighters who just felt like they were entirely on a different level than everybody else in their prime. His timing, his awareness, his speed, it was awe inspiring to watch Anderson Silva fight. It's not just that he was dominant, it was how he did it. And let's not forget during that reign, he was occasionally hopping up to 205 to beat somebody's ass in a showcase. I am so sorry, Forest Griffin and Stephan Bonner. Also, Travis Lutter missed weight. Not Silva's fault. The dude should have 11 defenses tied with DJ. There are very few knocks you can have on the spider's reign at 185 and certainly nowhere near enough to knock him off the top spot. Worst light heavyweight champion. Yeah, I mean it's got to be Vtor Bellfort. Who else won the title by a freak twist of fate eye injury at the very start of a fight? &gt;&gt; You got to be kidding me. Wow. It was a missed strike, too. It's not like it was a punch that did the damage or something. So, he wins the title that way in the first minute of that fight with Randy Couture. And it's not his fault, but it happens. And then Randy puts him down in three in their rematch. You could hardly call that a title reign in anything but name. If you really wanted to argue, you could say that Jamal Hills title victory came simply because Dana was pissed off about Yan versus Ank. &gt;&gt; But I guess the question is what do you do now, right? I mean, vacant title, a split. &gt;&gt; You do Glover versus Jamal Hill in Brazil &gt;&gt; and needed a new vacant title fight, so he threw him in there with old man Glover. But at least he won a fight to get that title. Undeserved or not, Vtor missed a punch. something any UFC fighter could do against Randy Couture and was given gold for it. I hate to say it, but yeah, it's Belle for best light heavyweight champion. Now, there is a lot of baggage that comes with Jon Jones obviously, but for me, it is impossible to deny how great he is. And when it comes to champions at 205 lbs, I just don't see how one could argue anybody else. Are there other great champions? Yes, Tito, Frank Shamrock, Chuck Liddell, Daniel Cormier, but I just don't see how anybody could possibly compare to Jon. Even if you exclude his entire second run where he beats Gus in the rematch and then Anthony Smith before really struggling quite a bit with Thiago Santos and Dominic Reyes. Even if you remove that period entirely or emphasize the difficulty of it, his single reign starting in 2011 was enough to call him the greatest light heavyweight of all time. &gt;&gt; Jones is the youngest champion in USA history. John beat like three generations of fighters. He defeated the old guard that still had enough juice in them to be at the top. He decimated his own generation and then in his return took a new generation of challengers. His first three title fights, winning it against Shogun and then the defenses against Jackson and Machita masterpieces. The heated rivalry with former teammate Rashad Evans outclassed the guy completely. He was in serious trouble against Vtor Belelffort found a way to win. Still, steamrolled Sunen, had a really hard fight with Gus and showed a ton of heart. destroyed Glover and to me his most impressive victory, the dismantling of Daniel Cormier in their first fight. Now, I know that some of you will disqualify Jon immediately because of his controversies, because of the peed failures, but for me, I cannot deny his greatness and apply who he is outside the cage or the faults of those test failures when they happen to every fight of his career. I just can't do it. Now, if you can, I understand, but I don't see it that way. And it's why there's just no chance he's anything but the best at 205 in my eyes. Who's the greatest of all time in your opinion? &gt;&gt; Jon Jones without without a doubt. I mean, the guy was doing drugs and drinking and doing all this stuff while he was dominating. Imagine if this guy was clean all the time and just focused on on on training. &gt;&gt; Worst heavyweight champion. And would you look at that? We're not done talking about Jon Jones. From the greatest light heavyweight to the worst heavyweight. Yeah, I know this is probably a bit controversial for some of you, especially when you consider every champion the division has ever had. Boss Routten wins the title in a fight that he really shouldn't have and then vacates. Josh Barnett beats Randy Couture and then immediately gets stripped for beeds. And then of course there's Tim Sylvia. And I'm not disagreeing that he's right there at the bottom. All the best talent in that division was in Japan. The bottom fell out of the UFC. So even winning as he did when he did, it doesn't really mean much. And he lost to every other great fighter he ever competed against. Mir Couture, Noggera, Fedor. Is Jon Jones a better fighter than Tim Sylvia? of course, but what Jon did is just worse than those other champions in so many ways, especially if we're just talking about his reign itself. Jon should have been fighting Francis Enanu. That's who the heavyweight champion was, but he didn't want that fight or wanted enough to use the cache he has to force it. He could have made that fight happen several times and he and the UFC dropped the ball. So, he beats Sir Gan. Impressive work. He made it look easy. But in Ganu also beat Gan. And if Aspenol beats him as well, the Gan victory holds even less water. And then what happens? He never competes again against any other top fighter. He completely avoids the Aspenol fight, beats up Stipe nearly four years past when he ever should have been back in the cage anymore, and then eventually vacates after jamming everything up for a near record amount of days as champion in the division. Sure, Sylvia's reign was terrible, but The Division was a mess. Jon could have had a meaningful reign, and he chose not to. Jones held it hostage because he had the power to do so. Look at GDR. She got stripped for refusing the cyborg fight, and most champs would. But Jon had all the leverage to force the UFC to do literally whatever he wanted, and he abused it. He forced them to wait for him to turn down a record deal and retire anyway because he could. And the whole way along, Dana graveled at his feet, just chugged the guy's Gatorade because the UFC has like zero stars right now, and this was one of the shallowest heavyweight divisions we've ever seen. He chose to waste everybody's time. And I would absolutely argue that he did far more damage to the division than any other champion has that I mentioned. &gt;&gt; Hello, John. Best heavyweight champion. In a division where up to 2017 the most defenses any champion had ever had in a row was two, it's not exactly easy to narrow down who was the greatest because a lot of questions sadly went unanswered at various points in the division's history. Randy Couture not only won heavyweight gold three times, but had two impressive defenses against Pedro Hizo and a remarkable victory post retirement against Tim Sylvia to earn his third gold, a belt he defended against a terrifying Gabriel Gonzaga. But two of those reigns were marred by contract issues and the other was ended by a guy who literally popped for peeds post. Then there's Kane Velasquez. absolutely dominates Brock Lesnar. Gets brutal revenge on JDS twice. Beats Bigfoot Silva, which you know, okay, and is possibly the best heavyweight ever in terms of ability. If you put Prime Kane in there with anybody, I am picking him to get the victory, but his prime was a very short period and his health issues really just destroyed his ability to fulfill his legacy. Would Inanu have been an all-time great? We don't know, and we never will. Brock started his career late and got diverticulitis. There are so many questions at heavyweight but one answer and that is Stipe Miaic. His run from Verdum up to the Enanu rematch is truly top tier. He beats Fabricio in an absolute stunner. Takes out contenders Overim and JDS. Schools divisional boogeyman Francis Enanu in their first fight and then what negative can you say about his loss to DC? He got caught with a great shot in the first round against an all-time great fighter. It happens. He rebounded by beating Cormier twice. I know the eye poke in the third fight was controversial, but these things happened. Otherwise, he smothered DC. When you look at who he beat and how he beat them, he stands above Kane's victories, above couture, above anybody. &gt;&gt; The heavyweight champion in the world, ladies and gentlemen, Stipe Mio. He is the greatest heavyweight by legacy in the UFC by a fair enough margin. &gt;&gt; You got a gift, my friend. You got a gift. You figured that out. That's why you are who you are. &gt;&gt; My goodness. How do you guys do these long videos? Bailey and Jason, I am exhausted, but we did it. Every division, best and worst. What a freaking journey. So, who is the best and who is the worst of all time if we factor in every division? Now, I was fully ready to give both honors to Jon Jones. I thought it would be perfectly poetic to say that both the best and the worst champion that the UFC has ever had is Jon Jones. And if you feel that way, then just pretend the video ended right here. But after going through every one of these champions, if we're looking at the whole of this video, with as awful as Jon's run was at heavyweight, man, Pat Militic's reign was really rough from start to finish. None of his opponents, which isn't his fault, were at all championship caliber. They just weren't. And for him to be the only champion in history to lose regularly during his title reign, I mean, as synergistic as it would be to have Jon and Jon, I got to just go ahead and give worst UFC champ to Pat. Nobody tell him, please. As for the best, might be controversial to some, but I stand by it and have felt this way for a very long time. Yeah, it is Jon Jones. Obviously, I've already talked a great deal about him in this video, but we truly have never seen anything like him in the cage. His ability to adapt during a bout or just completely dismantle someone. He's the smartest fighter that's ever competed. Smartest in the cage at least. His resume is unmatched. He's never lost a title fight, even if some were close calls. Even if you wanted to take away any win that had a direct asterisk next to it, he is still the greatest champion the UFC has ever had. A massive thanks to our channel members. Your support means everything. It helps us make these videos the way we do on the timeline that we do. Fight fans, hit the join button. Become a member, too. Get exclusive content and you help us out big time. Like and subscribe because I could do this all day and I will. Leave a comment. What do you think about my picks? Best, worst. I want to hear them all. Give me your own. I love reading the dialogue in the comments section. And thank you guys so much for watching. Have a fantastic day. [Music]