Kind: captions Language: en Well, who saw that coming besides literally everyone? Why are we doing pointless rematches like this? Well, I know why, actually, but we'll get to that in a bit. I mean, don't get me wrong, I am as big a fan of Diego Lopez as anybody. But did we really expect anything different than what already happened in this exact fight less than a year ago? When you've reached the very top of this sport, how much do you think you're improving year-to-year? And what would have indicated that there was some major leap at this point from Lopez? Did anybody feel like going into this one that he'd leveled up recently or something? What is different about Diego Lopez today that would turn the tide so much that he could overcome his sound defeat the first time we did this fight less than a year ago? Need I remind you, it's not like Alex got a flash KO in the first fight or there was some indication that Vulk wasn't going to clear that decision. You knew the outcome before the cards were being read, just like he did last night. This is why you don't book rematches without them being earned. Yes, Jean Silva was hot when Diego beat him on that big old nochce card that wasn't even that big of a card, especially compared to last year. But who had Silva defeated really? Bryce Mitchell, whose only win after that insane Emit KO loss was against Cone Gracie. So why does beating Silva put Lopez back in a title fight where the first one wasn't particularly close or indicative of him being able to win besides the knockdown he scored? If he'd had Vulk on the ropes and the champ somehow made this miraculous comeback or something, then something like the Silva victory could maybe justify the rematch or if he'd had more fights with some contenders and just mowed through them became undeniable again, then you can say, "Hey, maybe things are different now." But to just throw him in there immediately after the first one makes absolutely no sense here. And it's why this fight fell flat when it was announced and ended up being pretty much the exact same fight as the first time. maybe even easier actually for the champ. The UFC had a date, they had a location, Vulk was always going to be the headliner because they could sell out if he fought a sentient bag of potatoes. And then they just went with Lopez because he'd won slightly more recently against somebody with more buzz than Lone Murphy. And they'd rather co-promote with the PFL than give Mopar Elo the title fight. They'd already put money into marketing Lopez in the first fight on that nochce card. So, let's just repeat it because we got to book two pay-per-views back toback a week apart. And our only other real concern for the next half year is the White House. It was good enough for them. That's what it really comes down to. Good enough. Book it. Make it happen. Cash the check. Let's move on.