Kind: captions Language: en He got his fingers in both. And guys, look at that. The left Look at the left eye. &gt;&gt; Well, that sucked. But hey, it has been a little bit of time since our last pay-per-view ending disaster, so I guess we were due, you know? Good god, could things go any worse for the heavyweight division? It has been an absolute disaster ever since Francis Ngannou left. Hell, even before that, the UFC couldn't make Jones versus Ngannou, which sucked and made it feel like fights that should and could be happening were not. But yeah, let's recap real quick here how things have been going for the UFC's first ever division with its oldest title. beats Ciryl Gane, then vacates the title and leaves because the UFC's contracts don't allow for boxing among other problems. Jon Jones moves up and beats Ciryl Gane to get the vacant gold, then over the course of 840 days, he only ever fights early 40 Stipe, forcing Aspinall to fight for interim gold, defend interim gold, and then never get that fight with JBJ because he retires unless they let him on the White House grounds. Tom gets promoted to undisputed and now it's his turn to fight Ciryl the great heavyweight championship tradition apparently, and we get this absolute disaster ending. A nightmare, as Dana called it, an eye poke no contest finish after what was an interesting and exciting first round. I said earlier this week during a live chat that the worst possible outcome for the UFC would have been Ciryl Gane winning the title, given that he's lost to two other champions who still have legitimate claim to being the best heavyweight in the world in Jones and Ngannou. But this might actually be worse because we got to do this again now, and nobody was particularly keen on this match up in the first place. White's already confirmed that despite it being a pain in the ass, the rematch should happen as soon as possible, which makes me think they were really hoping for a big match up for the winner going forward, somebody that is not Alexander Volkov after that dud of a fight and win over Almeida. Now, eye pokes happen and they suck, and there's really nothing a fighter can do to not have their eye damaged by them. But there is a stigma in this sport for fighters who quote-unquote quit, and while I know that many looked at the situation for what it was, an eye poke and a fighter that could not continue as a result because he couldn't see, there are plenty who are going to make a determination about Aspinall's toughness because he didn't stick it out and continue where other fighters might have or did continue despite being half blind, which is a ludicrous notion and you'd never hear that kind of argument from me, but it's going to be out there. You just can't avoid it, and it's going to impact the perception of Aspinall. On the other side of this, it's going to affect Gane as well. I've already seen people on Reddit calling him a cheater. It is the same old thing with the eye pokes that we have seen and been dealing with since forever. It's just massively amplified here because it's the end of a damn title fight. SO YEAH, THIS IS A BIG ass mess, and the only real way to fix it is to get those two in the cage again as quickly as possible. As of this writing, there's no word yet on the condition of Tom's eye. Last I heard he was headed to the hospital to get it checked out. Hopefully, it's okay and it's not a long-term problem. If we do find out there was some sort of serious damage done, I think that would definitely sway the perception of Aspinall's handling of the eye poke. I think that some that are calling him soft would change their tune, but at that point, who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] would care what anybody thinks? They just want their eye to be healthy, and it wouldn't change how disastrous this was for the heavyweight division because we got no questions answered and we got no forward movement. We are still stuck at Ciryl Gane, like we have been in so many ways for 3 years now at heavyweight. Tom really is the only hope for a star at the moment at heavyweight, all things considered. It would take a lot of time for someone to get to where Aspinall is right now, and so to have a setback like this in a division that's already struggling to stay relevant just sucks all around. And man, Tom has to be one of the most cursed fighters ever. Knee injury takes him out for a year, he essentially sits for 2 years waiting on Jon Jones, never gets that fight, and now this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And you know, Gane did look good in that first round up to the eye poke. Not saying he would have won, but it was certainly competitive. It wasn't like Tom was dominating and then this happened. It was a fight. So now Tom's going to have a ton more pressure on him in the rematch between the perception of the eye poke, Gane's performance otherwise, and of course the shadow that has already been looming over his title reign in the first place going all the way back to Francis Ngannou leaving. I do not know if this division has better times ahead, but this was a massive setback and one of the worst endings to a UFC event ever. But hey, let's stop doom farming here and talk about the rest of the card, eh? What a damn road to gold for Mackenzie Dern. When she came into the UFC back in 2018 because of her jiu-jitsu pedigree, the thought that she would be a champion was almost immediate before she'd ever step into the cage. But the division turned out to be more than equipped to handle what she had to offer initially, and it looked like maybe she wasn't going to meet those expectations. Four losses in her last eight fights going into that title bout last night. And you know, given that this was for vacant gold, there's always a bit of a diminishment to the division and to the next champion as a result. Luckily for Dern, the fighter to beat right now in the division outside the champion who has left, of course, was Virna Jandiroba. She was the clear number one contender. The run she was on of five wins before last night was impressive as hell, and Dern went in there and got scrappy and got it done. Does she still have some proving to do given that Zhang Weili gave up the title? Yes. But this was as good a start as any, and I have no doubt the UFC is very happy because the division is starving for stardom and they thought Dern could be a star since day one. Now, she's just got to prove it. But believe it or not, those two title fights were not the only things that happened in Abu Dhabi yesterday. So let's run through the rest of the card by the numbers and hand out some awards, shall we? The UFC's 19th trip to Abu Dhabi since the start of the pandy saw 13 fights with two KO/TKOs, one sub, eight decisions, and one really, really big no contest for a total cage time of 2 hours 36 minutes 40 seconds. There were seven favorites that won as expected, but some pretty solid upsets, especially early on with four dogs prevailing. If you had Quinlan getting an absolutely disgusting head kick finish in the first round against Nasrat Haqparast, drinks are on you tonight because that was a plus 2200 outcome. Last night marked six straight in the UFC for the professional Azamat Murzakanov with five finishes putting away number seven light heavyweight Alexandar Rakic in the first round. He's got a knockdown in every UFC bout including his Contender Series fight. Azamat's getting our cinder block hands award. Jailton Almeida had 10 minutes 47 seconds of control time in a 15-minute fight with Alexandar Volkov and lost. Might have been those nine total significant strikes. Umar Nurmagomedov got a total of 11 takedowns against Mario Bautista. That's a UFC best for him. Up to the fight, Mario had been taken down 12 times total in the UFC through 12 fights. Literally almost double that against Umar earning Nurmagomedov our stat destroyer award. Despite Virna going heavy on takedowns and top control, Dern offered back landed 21 significant strikes compared to just three landed ground strikes by Jandiroba. Factor in the 89 shots from distance and that is how you win a fight when you're taken down nine times and spend 36% of the clock on your back. And well, as for the main event, it is historic. Tom and Ciryl can say that, right? That is the first no contest ending to a UFC title fight. I say ending because there has been one other NC title fight in UFC history, and that would be Jon Jones versus Daniel Cormier 2, but that was overturned after the fact. We all know why. So in that instance, everybody got to go home happy on the night of. Not so much here. So this is one for the history books, folks, just not history anybody is going to want to relive anytime soon. And that is that from Abu Dhabi. What a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] A huge thank you to the incredible editor of these autopsies, Max Randall. He edits faster than the Flash, so you get these on Sunday morning. Show him some love on his socials and go check out his fantastic YouTube channel. Another huge thank you to our channel members who make creating and posting videos this fast possible. Become a member yourself by hitting the join button to get some exclusive content. You know you want to. Like and subscribe for these types of post-show breakdowns after every major card and leave all your thoughts on 321 in the comments. I love reading them. And enjoy the rest of your weekend, guys. See you on the next one. &gt;&gt; [music]