Kind: captions Language: en Despite this being an MMA channel, Alistair Overim winning the K1 kickboxing world title is still one of the greatest achievements inside MMA history. [Music] Because at the same time he was the kickboxing champion, he held two world titles in major MMA promotions. A truly unique achievement that may never again be replicated. But not only was he the champion, he was terrifying people. &gt;&gt; My god, that is not human. That's &gt;&gt; Wolverine is humongous. I mean, my god, it looks like he's getting bigger and bigger with every show. &gt;&gt; You could show a movie on his chest. This monster had come out of nowhere. Built from a lanky, inconsistent, light heavyweight who had struggled in his career. But this was a transformation so extreme it came with a cloud of controversy and suspicions that never went away. But just how and why was Uber created? And how exactly did he dominate two combat sports at once? Well, I'm Bian from my own point and this is the story of the demolition era and the reign of Alistair Obering. Chapter one, Metamorphosis. Alistair after moving countries from the UK to the Netherlands at just 6 years old. It's pretty understandable as the new kid with the weird accent, he experienced bullying. He had a hard time fitting in, but he had his older brother Valentine. It wasn't until Overim got his first job though at just 13 years old. Yeah, not sure if that's normal or even legal in Holland. It was actually the reality of having this dead-end job that made him want to change his life. &gt;&gt; There's really shitty job, but that really ignited certain fire in me to become independent, to beat the financial system. Alistair had already started some sports like judo and athletics. But it was nothing that would have led to a career or anything he was taking seriously. But one night everything changed. Apparently while out at a bar at just 15 years old again. Maybe that's normal in Holland. But he got into a bar fight and a guy decided to pick up a bottle and break it on his face. He'd have 15 stitches and the scar on his cheek would be a reminder forever. And it was his brother who was responsible for what happened next. &gt;&gt; Well then I had my brother 4 years old. He was fighting and respect his own car. his own apartment, money away. So, I kind of followed in his footsteps. &gt;&gt; Valentine was older, bigger, and didn't just walk into any martial arts gym. He started training with Chris Dolman. Now, the lineage of his gym goes right back to guys like John Blooming, a Dutch army veteran whose tours took him to places like Korea and eventually Japan, where he began learning martial arts from practitioners with hundreds of years of lineage. But while Valentine loved it, Alistair didn't. He would get beaten up regularly, but he'd get the chance to even train with guys like Basutin. This was right around the time his career was taking off in pancra with him winning the title and he'd come from the same kickboxing lineage as well. &gt;&gt; I met him when I was young. I I think I was like 15 or 16 and we trained for a little bit. My brother actually took me. He has some techniques here and there, not not really. I mean, he has a lot of information, but I didn't see him that often. &gt;&gt; Once Alistair had found inspiration, he started to develop as a fighter. The path in front of him becoming pretty clear. Full focus. Everything I knew, every little button I could twist towards victory, I would do. Everything was maximum priority. Sleep, uh, train, eat, go train over there, go train over there. &gt;&gt; Even though Overim had been learning mixed martial arts in Holland, the Dutch kickboxing style had always been a big part of that. And in 1999, at just 19 years old, a very tall and lanky Alistair Overim made his combat sports debut in kickboxing. But this version of Alistair wasn't just slaughtering everybody. He was scrappy. But after three two-minute rounds, his pro kickboxing debut had been a successful one. Before the year was out, he got an offer to fight in the Dutch It Showtime promotion in MMA. And it was a chance for him to put everything together. And boy, was he wild. It was actually his grappling and training with a well-rounded guy like Chris Dolman that won him a lot of these early fights. In Netherlands, nobody has a wrestling [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know how easy I just I just dove into somebody. Boom. And that would be a win. [Applause] [Music] I mean, a lot of these early over in fights went this way. He picked up a ton of submission wins in his first few years. Taking his opponent to the floor right now, addition to side mount in the side mount position. Well, there it is. the arm look and fulfills a natural weapon for Alistair was his devastating knee strikes and even in his early fights you can see him adopt this kind of strategy of throw knees take him down and get an easy submission but even with this success going up against tougher opponents when he entered promotions like rings in Japan and Russia he just wasn't fully developed as a fighter even as young as he was in the very early stages of his career over him had a ton of success as a light heavyweight and they even came up with a nickname to help promote him the demolition Man, &gt;&gt; the hammer. It started out as like, uh, hey, we need to do something for your image. Where do you want to be? And I like, we were just actually watching Demolition Man. That was my gimmick in the beginning. [Applause] In 2002, Overin was asked to enter a one night tournament in the Netherlands under the too hot to handle promotion. The biggest in Holland at the time, Annie's biggest opportunity. This first round was kind of crazy though. &gt;&gt; Alistister bending over backwards almost getting taken down. Alistar getting out of trouble. Standing back up. Oyster going to go for a team lock here. Alistister inside mount. Alistar may have a submission here. It's a matter of time. He taps out. Shouts out Alistister. Incredible. &gt;&gt; And he still had to win once more if he wanted to take home the trophy &gt;&gt; chances that he had in [Music] the only time when he can have a position. Uh the fight is over. &gt;&gt; Turns out Dave was not all right. They called it and Overim had won the tournament. Alistair's career was about to take a massive step up in competition and profile. At the start of the year, he'd already appeared in Pride FC. kneing Yukamura into oblivion in just 44 seconds. But after this hot to handle tournament win, they started offering him more and more competition that he was passing with flying colors. &gt;&gt; Oh, good right hand. But look, he's got it. Oh. Uhoh. It's got to be the knee here. Right there. That's it. That was it. &gt;&gt; His brutal knees got the job done again. And a few months later, he even beat Crowop's protege. &gt;&gt; Batman is in trouble. There he is. Wham! Bam! How Batman has been stopped. &gt;&gt; Three victories in his first year in Pride marked him out as a young talent to watch. But despite his size, his lack of experience and composure started to show. &gt;&gt; Everything was mysterious at the event. She didn't understand anything. You just got your envelope, right? Envelope cash flew in, flew out. &gt;&gt; And although with all of this, Alistair had booked himself a slot in the Pride 2003 Grand Prix. It was really the start of a shift into a completely different animal. Chapter 2. Becoming Uber. Two months after his last win, Overim was once again back in Japan. This time at the Saitama Super Arena for one of the most watched events of the year. The middleweight tournament was absolutely stacked with Vanderlay Silva, Rampage Jackson, Murillo Booster Monte, and flying in from the UFC, Chuck Liddell with Dana White putting down 250 grand for him to win the whole thing. And that's who Alistair got in the first round. And it's when things first became apparent that perhaps what he was currently doing was not going to work at the highest level. &gt;&gt; I was 23 when I fought him. Didn't know anything. Training was not good. No strength and conditioning. Lucen was a kind of an traditional coach and his stuff didn't work. Putting so much energy and effort into workouts, but there was not the reality what came out in the fight. &gt;&gt; Alistair was competitive early, but he ended up getting caught by the Iceman's signature overhand right. &gt;&gt; Two right now. Two rights, three rights and a knee fight. &gt;&gt; He'd been beaten badly and his 12ight win streak was over. It had put a firm halt to his momentum. Overim was able to build himself back up, but soon enough, yet again, Pride produced another seriously tough matchup with the brother of the former heavyweight champion, Noggera. Little Nog was a serious threat on the feet with a traditional boxing pedigree and on the ground among the elite of Brazilian black belts at the time. I want to show my Muay Thai. &gt;&gt; Well, I hope he does. Quite frankly, he can't do nothing standing up. &gt;&gt; But Overim was wrong and Lil Nog dragged him into deep waters. &gt;&gt; Now, it does look like the tank is beginning to empty for Overim. He showed hard, did not surrender. He did not submit. He went the distance. Even though Boss, like you say, in that third round, he was simply out of gas. There was a bit of a pattern going on. On the one hand, Alistair would run through certain competition, but on the other, he just couldn't step up to that top level. It was actually around this time he entered the European Abu Dhabi Grappling Trials and he won the whole thing qualifying for the ADCC World Championships, but he ultimately declined because he was given a spot in the next Pride Middleweight Grand Prix in 2005. This time he came in more determined than ever to win. But in round one, he drew Vtor Belelffor who had multiple victories in Pride. But shockingly, Overim handed the BJJ black belt his first ever submission loss. &gt;&gt; And he's got a good guillotine &gt;&gt; and he taps out. Petor Belelfford is forced to tap out in the first round. &gt;&gt; It was by far the biggest scalp Alistair had collected in the finals. Overim ran into Shogun Hera, another young kid who was just unstoppable on his way to the top. They slugged it out for 7 minutes, but ultimately once again Alistair's cardio failed him and he was defeated. It was another loss when the chips were down and was a really big turning point for Alistair and is where his story starts to change. Overim had to mix things up. He'd lost multiple times as a light heavyweight and decided his best chances at winning now was to mix things up at heavyweight, but his initial success was immediately short-lived. Pride spared him no favors, booking him against Sergey Keratonov, a top five pride world heavyweight. People didn't really know how he was going to deal with a bigger man, which is why when he did, it was all the more impressive. &gt;&gt; Karanov is blocking those shot with his face. It's over. Alistister Aubrey that recorded a win over Sergey Heratano. &gt;&gt; But the reality was this would be Alistair's only meaningful win going forward for quite some time. That win booked him a spot in the heavyweight Grand Prix and he might have done fairly well if he didn't draw the BJJ black belt for Brucio Verdoom in the first round. And in that fight, Overim was again forced to tap. &gt;&gt; Get it here. Get it here. That's it. That's it. &gt;&gt; It is over. Verdun has indeed submitted. Alistister Overy. &gt;&gt; For Alistair, this loss was just the beginning of what would be several defeats. In fact, the worst losing streak of his entire career. &gt;&gt; Caught him with that left hand. Wait up in the corner now. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; 2001. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's it. Said he tapped out. Looks like he got little eye damage. &gt;&gt; And finally, in a rematch with Shogun, he got flatlined. No punch. [Applause] &gt;&gt; But in a video about a guy who was supposed to have this era of undefeated dominance, why have we just spent this first chapter and a half talking about his losses? Well, I think it's because it makes this next part all the more important. And if you want to look a little deeper, all the more understandable. &gt;&gt; Then I hit Pride. That was a sort of roof. Yeah. Or ceiling. Competition was really high. Overim has talked about this period of his career being a very bad time with several things happening at once. First of all, he thought he was going to lose his mom. She had been diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer and wasn't expected to live long at all. At the same time, his daughter had just been born and he really struggled with splitting time between his family and training. It all led to a ton of stress, a buildup of negativity, and during this time, he also lost those three fights in a row. Overimmes talked about this period in hindsight, saying he should have just taken a break from fighting entirely. But he couldn't. He had to keep fighting because it was his job. He needed the money. But no one struggles hard and doesn't come out the other side of it a new person. Overim signed a new 5-year contract at Golden Glory, a gym of elite kickboxers and MMA fighters in Holland. It was from this point on he began his transformation into a complete machine, the Uber. He had never been more desperate in his career, had never needed to win more, and he'd proven that at the highest level, what he was already doing just wasn't cutting it. Overin boarded the plane back to Japan ready to step back into the heavyweight division. And on a hero's card, he was again matched with Sergey Keratonov in a rematch. And he was immediately noticeably bigger. But this time, despite that, Alistair was overpowered as he stood toe-to-toe with Keratonov. [Music] [Applause] It wasn't a good look for Overim. He was now 25 and 11 in MMA. Not a record you'd look at and really expect anything great to come from. And he'd just been KO'ed again, this time at heavyweight. If he really wanted to reinvent himself, he couldn't stop there. Strike Force in the US had started to expand their roster. And despite the recent losses, they booked Overim against Paul Buenello in the main event for the first ever Strikeforce heavyweight title. This was basically a brand new division for Strikeforce, but Overim had just lost six of his last 10 fights. Now, I want to give a quick shout out to Composer on Twitter for pulling this fight out of the archives cuz this event isn't even on UFC fight pass. It wasn't a particularly impressive performance, but Overim had never looked bigger and eventually finished Paul. &gt;&gt; Balls down and tapping. And that body shot was tremendous with that knee. &gt;&gt; Overim is the champion of strike force in the heavyweight division. &gt;&gt; Overim's massive size game though hadn't gone unnoticed. There was a lot of speculation that performance-enhancing drugs were part of the reason, and his gym golden glory had been heavily accused by other fighters of almost encouraging it. at the time of winning the Strikeforce title. Right then and there though, it wasn't really thought of as much, especially not at the heavyweight division. Soon though, more opportunities presented themselves for Alistair. He got a call from a new promotion in Japan. Dream had formed itself from the ashes of pride and they wanted Alistair who emerged looking like a reborn version of himself. I hear such crazy stories right now from Holland that his striking is really phenomenal. hurt his ankle at all. Comes back and that's it. A good right and that follows it up to the knee and that quickly over has ended this. &gt;&gt; This was the perfect platform for the new Uber to start running through the competition. The following month he was matched up with kickboxing legend Mark Hunt. &gt;&gt; Alistister Overim again taking this fight on about 3 days notice and he slams Alistar down. Arm bar he's trying to end it here early if he is going to get it out and ending it. &gt;&gt; It all led to a massive showdown with the pride legend Miko Crocop. He'd briefly gone to the UFC but as soon as Dream was created he was there at the very first show and now Dream wanted to put on one of the greatest heavyweight striking fights of all time. &gt;&gt; When I fought Crocop he did not want to fight. So I had to be a little bit in his face to make the fight happen. I didn't have beef with him but I I had to trigger him. But this fight sadly did not go the way everyone expected. &gt;&gt; And there's a good knee from Overim. &gt;&gt; Prov says it might be too low. Whoa. And again, a knee. And another one. Overim with that knee. And that might have been low. &gt;&gt; But after already taking a few minutes to recover after that last one, and even then still barely coming back, well, this happened. Blood from a cut just over his left eye. &gt;&gt; Ah, we're getting it to gro. &gt;&gt; Crocot was down for several minutes and with the doctors around him, you've seen at this point how devastating those knees are. And imagine getting hit with one of them in the junk. Boss Routin even says one of his testicles popped up inside him. Crocop could not continue. The fight was a no contest and it left a bit of a sour taste in Alistair's mouth. &gt;&gt; The crowop fight and then that kind of went a little bit sour, a little bit no contest. Uh they said no crow is not available. You need to fight K1 rules. And you know how they were in Japan, right? They just throw under the bus. &gt;&gt; I didn't never had a plan to become K1 champion initially. &gt;&gt; What happened next though was the start of one of the biggest rivalries in combat sports at the time. Not a rematch with Crocop, but a K1 kickboxing bout with the legend Badari. Hari was a devastating KO artist and a multipletime heavyweight K1 and kickboxing champion. Now, two champions from two different combat sports were throwing it down on New Year's Eve. Alistair clipped him early, was trying to close a distance and land those knees. &gt;&gt; Alistar's first fight had been in kickboxing. But as far as his official record shows, he barely competed, mainly focusing on MMA. But here he was giving the heavyweight world champion all he could handle. Adahari got up, but Alistair finished the job. It had taken just one round to beat the K1 champion. Overim had just set himself up for a phenomenal 2009. By this point, Alistair was completely comfortable in his new frame, and all the extra muscle he'd been able to add on was helping him run through his kickboxing competition. The fans had already started calling him by a new name, Uber. And in MMA, he was also simultaneously destroying his opposition. &gt;&gt; Oh, and there we go. Now, &gt;&gt; that's a guillotine. And I know his guillotines. It's over. Thompson. &gt;&gt; Oh, jumping knee from over Thompson's going to get out of there. &gt;&gt; You got a standing guillotine. It's good night. &gt;&gt; That year in 2009, the K1 World Grand Prix went down and he blasted through the opening round. Oh my god, that is not human. That physique. Oh, it's over. It's good. Is out cold. Open the fridge. He's out cold. Oh no. And then kickboxing fans worldwide got what they wanted. The rematch with Badari. One of the most anticipated fights of the year. The bad blood between the two after the quick finish in the first had built and built. Who will draw first blood? It's Bahari. And Alistair man handles him. Throws him to the canvas. It looked like it was going to be a repeat of the first fight. &gt;&gt; Right hand from Uber and he throws him into the turnbuckle wrestling style. But bad had adjusted his strategy and was looking for that one perfect shot. &gt;&gt; And once he hurt him, he did not let up. It's over. It's over. Here comes Harry. Hurry. You crazy bastard. Go the right. Hari had served his revenge in the first round. 2009 had drawn more eyes to Overim than ever. Not just with his wins, but with how much he'd physically changed, but 2010 was about to set an entire new standard for combat sports. Chapter 3, the Triple Champ. Heading into the new year, he was still technically the Strikeforce Heavyweight Champion. And this year actually meant something because throughout 2009 they'd really expanded that division. They picked up Andre Olowski, Fabricio Voom, Bigfoot Silva as well, and of course the last pride heavyweight champion, the pound-for-pound best heavyweight on the planet, Fedor Ameileno. In his return to Strikeforce, Overin would instead face Brett Rogers, a Strikeforce homegrown talent that had lost to Fedor. But in that loss had landed a few good shots, and the aura of the invincible Fedor was starting to fade. And it was Alistair returning to fight in the US for the first time since 2007. The room looked bigger than ever and now he was in front of a much more integrative press. He was being asked about it much more as well. &gt;&gt; There obviously the speculation of you staying at out of the states for so long. Fact that you never have failed a drug test. Then you had to come to America and meet the press and and meet the fans online speculating about you. &gt;&gt; I'm going to pass the test and then uh that's a phase that has been uh passed. &gt;&gt; He's one of those cocky arrogant dudes that he feels that he's he's a god because of his appearance. You know, if it wasn't because of his eastern diet, I'm pretty sure his appearance wouldn't look wouldn't look the same. &gt;&gt; Cow beef, horse beef. &gt;&gt; If you eat horse, meat, too. &gt;&gt; You don't like that? &gt;&gt; Of course, a tons of people and a lot of the evidence pointed towards perhaps something else. &gt;&gt; So, if you eat like six or seven times a day, you'll get big. &gt;&gt; You'll get big. I eat 9:00 in the morning, 10:00 in the morning. Then after training, I eat immediately sleep. But before I sleep, I eat. That's number four. Then when I wake up, I eat. Then I train again. Then I eat again after training. Number six. Then I go home. I eat big. And then I eat again before I go to bed. Number eight. Fast. &gt;&gt; Fast metabolism. &gt;&gt; Whatever was going on, he ended up walking through Brett Rogers like the infamous tire shop worker he was marketed as. &gt;&gt; Rogers taking a lot of punishment. Not answering. Mallister over. Quick work for the champ. That win marked his 28th inside the first round, and it was pretty clear who he needed to fight next. As always, people outside the UFC are questioned for their ability. And despite these wins, Alistair was no different. The one man that could prove how good he was was Fedor Ailiono. But the fight just never came together. Instead, Fedor was booked to face Voom just 2 months later, not for the title, and the impossible happened. Fedor was forced to tap. This set up an inevitable rematch with Voom to avenge his loss years prior. But first, he was heading back to K1. The 2010 Grand Prix had some incredible talents, including Race Fo, Semi Schill, Gokan Saki, and Tyrone Spong, who he had to face in the first round. And on a night where you'd have to win three fights to win the tournament, these two men went three rounds. They even changed the rules so Overim couldn't clinch with both hands and drill people in the face. [Applause] I know. [Applause] I know. I know. [Applause] Both men threw hell at each other, but Alistair took the decision. And then it was another kickboxing legend and his teammate in round two, Gokan Saki. [Applause] Gokan was injured from an earlier fight though and couldn't continue. &gt;&gt; And then just an hour later, he faced Peter Z for the K1 title in the final. Alison starts to press big for the ring. &gt;&gt; And the rain is trying to break those again. Stress over the corner here. is on the now ready to cate as a K word champion. He was now for the first time ever the owner of both a major MMA championship and a kickboxing one simultaneously. Something to this day that has never been replicated and honestly given the state of the sport probably never will. You have to understand the level of elite striking that was in K1 at the time. Just think of what Alex Pereira was doing to people as a kickboxing champion. And we are talking about a man that beat them all and was also crushing everyone in MMA at the same time. &gt;&gt; They went bankrupt. They didn't even pay me. Actually, four fights cuz the dream fight, they didn't pay me either. Four fights didn't get paid. There's the promotions. Well, they're not answering the phone. They're not answering emails anymore. What are you going to do? &gt;&gt; There was a chance to make more history. An offer came down the phone just 20 days after fighting three men in one night to once again on New Year's Eve step into the dream ring and try and claim a third world title. His opponent Todd Duffy was a human specimen with just one loss on his record. But all over needed to crown himself a triple combat sports champion was 17 seconds. Here comes the Hercules. Here comes the power from the rever. [Applause] [Music] His year's accomplishments were truly incredible. Perhaps one of the greatest years ever simply because of the success he was having across multiple combat sports but he still had to defend the strike force title. Verdum just beat Fedor and he was the man and then they came over the tournament and I was in the tournament. Verdoom was in tournament and then I had to make an adjustment cuz I just did kickboxing for the last year half full-fledged not really ground and that was a little bit intense. &gt;&gt; Strikeforce created a heavyweight tournament Fedor Voom and a bunch of other heavyweight elites. Everything was going on the line and more importantly it was a chance at revenge against Voom and a chance to beat the man who just dethroned the best heavyweight ever. The fight though was kind of strange. Alistair kept sweeping and tripping Verdoom who would lay on his back calling for Overim to engage. It was the same way he subbed Fedor and Overim was having none of it. &gt;&gt; So many details in that fight. Verdoom is truly an excellent fighter. Somehow I just was onto him that fight and I was able to kind of every time disengage and make him look really bad. Over did fight smart, not allowing Vadum any chance to grapple with him. And although it wasn't a finish, he'd beaten a man many said would give him problems. &gt;&gt; He actually outstruck me in that fight. I mean, it's not power strikes, but he out struck me, broke my rib, I couldn't continue in the tournament. So then I got fired. Then I signed with UFC. &gt;&gt; All of his achievements so far to date had been done outside the UFC. So when his debut was booked against the former champion Brock Lesnar, it was a chance to prove that as many had suggested, his style would be a nightmare for the American wrestler Brock. I flew in thought Duffy was it was because he was exactly the same size. I finished thought exactly the way I finished Brock. &gt;&gt; It was two of the biggest heavyweights in the UFC going headto-head and the winner was going to fight the champion. &gt;&gt; Got the leg and over able to avoid the takedown. That's big. That is big. &gt;&gt; Alistair was stalking Brock, taking his time, but with the first knee that landed, Brock was already hurt. &gt;&gt; Big knee to the body and answered by Lester over him smelt blood and went after him. Brock looking for the another knee. Big punch and he got into the left hand. The kick to the body. So much power to the body. This is going to be it. That's it. It's over. It is all over. Alistister has defeated Brock Lesnar. Uberine had officially arrived in the UFC. The unbeaten MMA streak now stretched 12 fights across four years. A man who conquered K1 Dream Strike Force who had evolved from a lanky light heavyweight to one of the most feared heavyweights in combat sports history. For a moment, he stood as perhaps the greatest crossover athlete the sport had ever seen. And I would love to say that's where this story ends. But in truth, the elephant in the room finally had to be addressed. Then came the real blow to Overim's legacy. He was finally booked to face the heavyweight champion, Junior Dos Santos, the shot he had earned. But before it could happen, drug testing and sport was evolving. And if you wanted to look at a fire that didn't pass a sniff test, well, an stair was rancid. And the commission was all too aware. So they took a somewhat unprecedented set of measures for the time and decided to randomly test overim at that press conference. The jig was up and he tested positive. His license was denied and everything he had built over those years. The streak, the mystique, the transformation into Uber suddenly came under scrutiny. What had once looked like the greatest second act in MMA history was now entangled in controversy, especially as the drug testing in the UFC only got harsher and his chiseled physique notably deflated, which led to even more suspicion and missed opportunities. And while Overim would go on to compete in the UFC for nearly a decade afterward, that sense of invincibility, the aura of Uber never returned. Instead, what followed was kind of a long and complicated third act. Overim became a fixture in the UFC heavyweight division, but the dominance he once displayed was inconsistent. He would lose fights he was heavily favored to win, getting knocked out in dramatic fashion more than once, and at times his performances just felt like echoes of a former self. And despite decent finishes over Stefan Stru, Junior de Santos, and Mark Hunt, reminding everyone what he was capable of, those were flashes scattered amongst just as many setbacks, he became in many ways the definition of a hitand- miss fighter. Kind of returning to the man he was during his early pride years. Gone was the hulking blitzing juggernaut of his K1 prime. He had to rely on patience, footwork, and clinch control. While the legend of Uber may have faded, and the holes in his legacy glaringly pointed out, he did however manage to build a new one. He still earned a title shot against Stipe Miocic and nearly even got a second one, showcasing his adaptability despite it all. He continued to fight for many, many years, still a world-class technician, a multi-deade veteran who continued battling long after the major spotlight had dimmed and his own abuse had betrayed him. But I think it's impossible to truly ignore the once ina-lifetime achievement of Overim in an era where, let's face it, steroid use was incredibly in-your-face and rampantly abused. Controversies aside, he was a man who was able to hold three world titles in three major promotions simultaneously, which is truly one of the most remarkable and unique combat sports achievements of all time. Alistister Overim, right? What an insane badass, dude. Some of those K1 knockouts are just ridiculous. I mean, I could watch him all day. I want to give a big shout out, of course, to Luke Taylor. Cool tome_. Go check out Charlie and Luke, the YouTube channel he's a part of right now, okay? He's banging out content. and give Luke Taylor some love. Thank you. Thank you to all the channel members out there. We appreciate the extra support, guys. Thank you. I hope you enjoy getting these videos early and also joining in the writers meetings as well. If you want to become a channel member, guys, all the info, the details down below. Support the channel. It means a lot. Thank you guys. Give us a like if you enjoyed it. Give us a comment as well. Let's talk about uh you know, the career of Overim. Yeah, stay tuned for the next one, guys. We'll be banging them about. Let me know what you want to see next. I'll see you in the next one. I've been Bailey. Cheers.