Kind: captions Language: en I think Joe IS HURT. DOWN GOES FASIA. DOWN GOES FRAZZIA. DOWN GOES FASIA. COMMENTATOR IS SUCH A vital role in sports. They are the narrator of the story you're being told. And in the UFC, the commentator is essentially an extension of the narrative the promotion wants the audience to hear. And largely, the fighters and broadcasters know their roles as mouthpieces. But every once in a while, those commentators break from the promotion and we get disagreement. We get criticism. We get allout nastiness sometimes. &gt;&gt; He's a he's a he's he's a two-faced liar. I can't stand the guy. He's a phony. &gt;&gt; So today, we're going to look at those conflicts, those times the promotion and the people they hire to deliver their message clashed. I'm Tommy from MMA on Point and this is the UFC versus its own commentators. Number 10, anecdote. Going on a decade now, John Anick has been the voice of the octagon. And while the stalwart of the UFC rarely says anything that doesn't align with the promotion's goals and messaging, very recently Anak has taken to being a bit more public with his criticism of the UFC. Now, he's not burning the house down by any means, but you don't need to read between the lines to see how clearly he feels about Armen Sarukian getting passed up by every other lightweight on the roster for a shot at gold. &gt;&gt; With respect to Ilia Topodia, Justin Gatechi, and Patty Pimble, I think most of the fan base would agree with me that Arman Sarukan looks like the best most complete lightweight in the world. But either weight cut related or injury related, whatever it may be, the world is unfair. So yes, I do believe he is being treated unfairly. But the extent to which he crossed Dana White back in January at UFC 311, only those on the inside really know. &gt;&gt; That wasn't the only recent comment though. And this one got him a talking to apparently after an appearance he made on Spinning Backfist. &gt;&gt; Our events are way too long and we should have 10 or 11 fights instead of 15. Even if you wanted to make this 5 or 6 hours instead of eight, I'd be okay with it. But we ask a lot of our fans. &gt;&gt; I got in trouble last week. You know, I suggested our events were too long, and that was probably a regrettable utterance by me. So &gt;&gt; yeah, while I don't think Anick is going to be leading any revolutions anytime soon, it is cool to see him speak up on things from time to time as the now senior professional broadcaster in the booth. Number nine, slipping Joe. If there is anybody who can pretty much say and do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they want, it is Joe Rogan. He would have to commit high crimes and treason to be kicked off the broadcast and even then they'd probably keep him. But Ronda Rousey at the height of her powers was such a weird moment and she really had everybody over there acting crazy. Now if you go on YouTube or Fight Pass and watch Ronda Rousey's UFC 175 postfight interview, you'll hear Joe talking about how great her striking has become and how undeniable she is. And then the video will kindly wrap up. But if you were watching on the night, Joe asked a no- no question. The main event for August 2nd fell out. It was supposed to be a contest between Jose Aldo and Chad Mendes. The truck just asked me to ask you if you want to fight again on August 2nd. &gt;&gt; I'm totally down. Uh I'm scheduled for knee surgery already, but it's it's a quick recovery. So, I'm going to talk to my coaches whenever they say. If they say it's cool with them, it's cool with me. I'll do Turns out asking the UFC's biggest star if she'll fight on less than a month's notice with a scheduled knee surgery in front of the year's biggest audience is not what Dana White wanted and afterwards it's the only time I have ever seen him look pissed at Joe Rogan. &gt;&gt; I don't know what is the biggest idiotic move in the history of our production team. 176 would end up getting cancelled so it was clearly a touchy subject anyway. White would claim his anger was at the truck, but there's no way some of that animosity wasn't targeted at Joe for reveling so much in the damn question. Number eight, pennies for pounds. The current crop of UFC fighter commentators are pretty good at towing the company line when it comes to pretty much every topic. And honestly, it's hard to blame them given their job. They get to talk about MMA for a living and get paid a bunch of money. I'm guessing none of them want to rock the boat. But one fighter you would think would struggle with that is Dominick Cruz. &gt;&gt; He's such a lovable guy. &gt;&gt; I actually have been to a lot of people. You know, we get along, don't we? &gt;&gt; No, just fine. &gt;&gt; I never want to punch you in the face ever. &gt;&gt; Who has a strong opinion on literally everything. And sure enough, last year while on a podcast with Mighty Mouse, active UFC commentator Cruz actually said something negative and honestly a bit profound about the nature of the rankings and how if you're making bank on your contract, the UFC expects their pound of flesh. &gt;&gt; Now that they're paying me, you're telling me they're going to give me what I just I just lost. They're going to give me number 10 now. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but I'm making money to fight for a title. They're not going to pay me money, title money. &gt;&gt; $500,000 to fight number 10. Abso [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what I mean? Never. So that's the true ranking is how much money your contract is written for. They're still giving me top five because I'm getting paid so much. They want to see me get beat to death for that money. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can't think the UFC would appreciate Dom's position that their rankings mean nothing and that the UFC bases how hard your fight should be on how much they have to fork up for you to be on the card. Number seven, match made. Remember when MMA got banned in New York in the '90s, right before a UFC card because a smaller promotion called Extreme Fighting tried to do a show in New York City and it freaked all the politicians out? Well, the matchmaker for that promotion was a guy by the name of John Peretti. And Jon would go on to work for SCG's UFC in several capacities after Extreme Fighting folded, mainly matchmaker, but also commentator and a whole bunch of other stuff. He was a big part of the Dark Ages UFC. John is quite the early MMA character and has a million stories about a million things, but the ones that pertain to this video are related to his exit from the promotion. According to John, he and Donald Zuckerman, who was a higher up in extreme fighting, were set to buy the UFC from SCG right before their collapse, but it was stolen out from underneath them by the despite a $250,000 commitment, which sounds incredibly close to the story that Dan Lambert has told about his potential purchase of the UFC. &gt;&gt; I had a contract to buy 51% of that company for 500 grand. &gt;&gt; Maybe they were in on it together. or maybe one day I'll do a whole video about everybody that said that they almost bought the promotion. Anyway, as Peretti tells it, the Zufa UFC wanted to bring him on board, but John wasn't down with their promotional philosophy. &gt;&gt; We talked for about an hour, I believe, and at the end of the conversation, I realized that they were going to use my good name and that all that I had done and make matches that were dubious. [music] And uh I said, "No, I'm not. I'm I'm not doing it." Peri claims that the Zufa regime did everything they could to erase his contributions to the sport. Number six, Superfoot and mouth. This may come as a surprise to you, but UFC 1's lead commentator, Superfoot Bill Wallace, was chosen at the very last minute and wasn't really a commentator. &gt;&gt; My only question was, Bill, have you done TV? Tons of TV. Are you okay with an IFB? And I should have known right then by the pause, probably not. That was Mark Lucas, the director of UFC 1, talking about the earpiece commentators have to wear and how Superfoot clearly had no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue what that was. Of course, Wallace would go on to call the promotion the ultimate fighting challenge and burp in the intro. &gt;&gt; Hello, I'm Bill Wallace and welcome to McNichols, excuse me, at McNichols Arena. &gt;&gt; Campbell McLaren loved it. Probably the worst sports broadcast in history. And I think it's awful to be the second worst or the third worst. If you're going to be bad, you [music] need to stink. So, okay, UFC production not huge fans of Superfoot and he would not be asked to return for broadcasting duties. And in turn, he would years later in an interview with Jesse Enamp with 1.6 million views essentially call UFC 1 Rick. &gt;&gt; I have a guy sitting beside me from the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu telling me what to say. So, basically, I'm thinking, no, something doesn't sound right here. Seems to me like it's a a 2hour advertisement for Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, which is what it turned out to be. That very interview inspired one of my favorite videos I've ever done exploring whether UFC 1 was rigged. I would highly recommend it. But yeah, don't expect Superfoot in the UFC Hall of Fame anytime in the next millennia. Number five, horse talk. Here's something you probably didn't know unless you speak Spanish or are a huge fan of Fabricio Doom. But for a time period in the mid10s, Vavalo, who speaks English, the Portuguesea, and Spanish, was the Spanish language commentator for the UFC. Yep. This is like at the peak of his fighting career as well. Pretty impressive to be doing both. That was until well so in a now deleted Instagram post for Doom went off about the topic of the day, the Reebok deal. Remember that lots of fighters didn't like it and Fabricio was one of them. The deleted post shouted out Nike and said suck my balls Reebok. A strong message. In a Portuguese language interview said for people saying I'd get in trouble, there will be no trouble. It was just a protest. Something that before we could show any sponsor we wanted. We used to get really good money. It was a lot different from Reebok. And then the trouble he said wouldn't come literally came days later. MMA fighting confirmed that Verdum was pulled from his commentary gig due to the suck my balls post. Verdoom said of the situation, "They can do anything. Did a post lose your job as commentator. If I had lost it because I was doing a poor job and nobody likes me, fine, but I know IT'S NOT THE CASE." YOU GUYS SHOULD HAVE created a fighters association when you had a chance. Number four, forgotten flow. Kenny Florian, top one runner up, three-time title challenger, samurai, and most importantly for this video, UFC commentator. You know, for the longest time, it was pretty much just Rogan and Goldie. But in time, we started getting the combination of Anak and Florian, and it was great. This was prior to the much larger integration of former fighters in the booth and a whole host of personalities versus just a few. But have you ever wondered what happened to Kenny? I mean, he was the host of UFC Tonight, the promotion's flagship show. He was on the B squad waiting to maybe one day take over Goldie and Joe's spot and then he just kind of disappeared. Well, it was not the plagiarism thing that happened way earlier. In fact, no. You know when your boss asks you to do something that's voluntary, but it's actually not voluntary and they expect you to do it. &gt;&gt; Did you see the memo about this? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was asked to be a coach. I think it was Ultimate Fighter Latin America. One of the early ones. I mean, it was like travel and all that stuff. And I, you know, I was doing UFC tonight. I was doing, [music] you know, commentary work and because I said no, uh I started kind of slowly being removed from uh stuff. That that's that's my understanding. Uh that's what's been told to me. &gt;&gt; What a stupid reason to get rid of a really solid commentator. Kidflow would eventually end up in the PFL doing commentary. Oh, and don't forget he also commentated clanker death matches. That's pretty cool. &gt;&gt; Number three, FULL STOP &gt;&gt; THE FIGHT. IT'S ONE OF THE MOST LASTING images of Dan Hardy's commentary career. The verbal dust up with Herb Dean. We reference it all the time. I still yell stop the fight like him almost every weekend. I'm going to stop the fight. Now, in case you forgot, we were on fight island. Francisco Trinaldo was battering Jai Herbert on the ground for quite a bit too long and Dan Hardy was not happy about it. That prompted Herb Dean to confront Hardy after the fight since he could hear every word he was saying in the crowdless arena. Their little tip went viral and Dana was having absolutely none of it. If you work for me and you approach a judge or or referee or any type of official, I will fire you. &gt;&gt; And look WHO'S IN TO CELEBRATE WITH US. &gt;&gt; WELL, good because Herb approached him, not the other way around. So, I guess Dan's good to go. Except no, he was not because 6 months later, some confrontation with a UFC staffer in front of others allegedly that Hardy has admitted took place but said has been mischaracterized would see him fired from the promotion. And he's been on the outs ever since. And as frustrated as I am because I love the UFC as a brand, if they came to me now and said, "Hey, can you come back? We'll restart inside the octagon. You can commentate again." On my heart, I wouldn't do it. Number two, Max Goldie. Mike Goldberg said goodbye for the final time at UFC 270. And it was about as unceremonious as it gets. In fact, unless you were in the no, you'd have no idea he was leaving after 19 years of being the UFC's main commentator. So, what the hell happened? Honestly, we still don't really know. I you know when these kind of things happen I'd rather not talk about it. You know what I mean? If Mike wants to talk about it, ask Mike. &gt;&gt; Mike himself has never really laid it out fully, but most of the implications are that he feels he was pushed out because of the new ownership wanting to move in a new direction. Even though it did not sound like he and White were on great terms &gt;&gt; with Dana, he I don't know. He liked to pick on me a little bit. I I always felt like I towed the company line. If Dana said, "This is what we're going to do. We're not going to talk about losses." I never argued. I'd be honored like to do it again and I have huge respect for Dana, but who knows? I I don't think he hates me, but we're not pen pals. &gt;&gt; As for White himself during that time, he absolutely had plans for Goldie's position on the commentary team. Listen to him talk about this right after that question he avoided about why Goldie was leaving. &gt;&gt; Do you know who's going to replace him? &gt;&gt; I do. We we have guys right now from Anic to several fighters, but I've had a plan for a couple years now that I've been waiting for it to play out and it's it's it's now playing out. So, &gt;&gt; when will you make some announcements &gt;&gt; when it all comes together? Probably by uh July &gt;&gt; if everything goes my way. &gt;&gt; So, who was Dana cryptically talking about? Well, the big rumors at the time were Jim Rome, but that honestly doesn't make any sense. He's literally never done live commentary in sports. A much stronger candidate was Max Kellerman. White and Kellerman go all the way back to the Zufa purchase of the UFC. &gt;&gt; I thought so highly of him. I loved Kellerman and when I got into the UFC, I wanted the best of the best to all be, you know, a part of the production and I went after him pretty hard for a while. &gt;&gt; And there was speculation in 2017 after Goldie left that Max, who at the time was commentating for HBO, might be the guy to replace Goldberg. White even told SportsNet around that time how impressed he was with HBO's production and Kellerman. Now, HBO would leave the boxing business in 2018, so it's unclear why things fell through, but Max is certainly doing his best now to get back in with Dana after all these years. He's praising the Ali Act expansion. He's doing full-on podcasts with Dana and Ari about boxing. Dude is getting his foothold for sure. Number one, Eraser. It's pretty well documented. Just watch Bailey's incredible video about Frank Shamrock that he and the UFC post SEG did not get along. Frankie was not only the prized jewel fighter of the late early UFC ownership, but also served as a commentator for the promotion, a job that ended very shortly into the Zufa era. The UFC would essentially erase Shamrock from their history. Something Frank says was over an early Zufa consulting disagreement over the UFC's marketing strategy. like we're going to buy every USA Today and every newspaper and a full page and and I go guys I don't think we're there yet. I've been out doing this for like three years. The sport is [music] damaged. Like people don't understand what we're doing. So I there's an educational moment where we got to catch everybody up. I don't think we can just put a new face on it, shine it up, and roll it out with Tito Ortiz and Carmen Electra. &gt;&gt; And they were [music] like, you're wrong. Okay. So I never did business with them because I I didn't believe in their marketing plan period. And then what happened after that is because I didn't join them, I became an adversary. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the beef is ongoing and pretty much forever. This brutal 2010 clip of Dana sums up his position on Frank Shamrock, and I doubt it has changed very much at all in the last 15 years. &gt;&gt; Frank Shamrock is an irrelevant jackass. Okay, cuz you're a two-faced lion chump. That's what you are, [music] Frank Shamrock. What have you done for mixed martial arts in the last 10 years? What have you done? You haven't done anything. you're just a liar and a guy who's trying to keep himself relevant. He tried to make peace with me. Said, "Come on, let's work this thing out and everything else. I don't want to work with a douchebag like him. He's he's a two-faced liar. I can't stand the guy. He's a phony." &gt;&gt; Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sweater Dana was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] brutal. Guys, show Max Randall some love. He is the editor of this video. He did an amazing job. Check out his socials and his YouTube channel. A massive thank you to the members of our channel. Your support is greatly appreciated. The join button will make you a member as well if you want to help out or get exclusive content. Like and subscribe or sweater data will come after you. Leave a comment about whose side you're on with any of these conflicts and thank you kindly for watching. Stay safe out there. [music]