Kind: captions Language: en Francis Enanu is returning to MMA again. Recently, the news dropped that Enanu had left the PFL after only having one fight in his three years with them. He last fought when he battered the absolute out of Hen Fea in a incredibly emotional tribute to his son. We also found out Francis and Uncle Dana had handbags in his office &gt;&gt; and he grabs me by my shirt and like pushes me back in my office and I said, "Dude, get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands off me." &gt;&gt; Which started all those cracks in their relationship. And with all the contract Fallout stuff, it seemed like an Ingano return to the UFC will likely never happen. So, wanting to be active presumably for the right price, where else is Inganu to go? MVP, of course. I filled you guys in on the upcoming Rousey versus Kuranu fight this coming May. And it was just announced that Enanu is going to be the co-main event. But I hear you. Who exactly is he going to fight? Felipe Monstro Bins. I mean I mean Lind. Felipe Lind. You probably recognize this 40-year-old man from the UFC Apex about 3 years ago. &gt;&gt; How you doing, man? &gt;&gt; He's actually on a fouright win streak. His most notable win is a beatdown of OSP. And I'm not going to lie, that's probably his best win. As you might have assumed, that fight was at light heavyweight. In fact, his last four fights were a light heavyweight. In the UFC, Lynn died as a heavyweight and had zero success losing to both Arloski and Tannab Boza because he's clearly a 205. However, back in 2018, he did win $1 million in a PFL heavyweight tournament. Another strange fact about Felipe Lind is that he had 11 canceled UFC fights. I checked and a lot of it is just injuries and not medically fit to fight. So, I mean, who knows if he'll actually be ready this May. I mean, he hasn't fought for two bloody years, so hopefully he's had enough time to heal up. Look, fair enough. There is seemingly a global elite heavyweight problem in MMA right now. So, I know they had to pick someone to fight. And Lind is not shy at throwing hammers. And when he hurts his opponent, he lets that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go like an unmanned hose pipe, just slinging meat at his opponent. &gt;&gt; Pause. &gt;&gt; But because of this, he's always so open. And who doesn't love a fat and ganu knockout? Both guys have five 5minute rounds to do their work, but I can't see this being anything else than Roan Strike 2. I think it's great for MVP to get Francis on the card. It definitely gives me more reason to watch, but honestly, I wouldn't get your hopes up for an underdog