Kind: captions Language: en Patty Leatti needs to win this fight. Kicking off this new era is everyone's flappy armwaving chicken wing demolishing scalouser Patty the baddy. In his first UFC main event, he's fighting for inim gold against Justin the highlight gate. Paddyy currently holds the longest win streak in the lightweight division at seven and also the longest room service order after the weigh-in. He's fighting to become the fourth British champion after Bisping Edwards and Aspenol. And he's really going to have to earn it. Not only is Patrick Mark Pimlet fighting for UFC gold, but he's also fighting for legitimacy. Paddyy himself said he feels as if the goalposts are always moved after a big win of his. He lost against Jared Gordon. He couldn't finish a battered Tony Ferguson on a sixight loss streak. Green was never on the same level. Michael Chandler was way beyond his prime. You hear these sentiments circle online a lot, but I don't think they tell the full picture. Early on, as his career was building, he got a freeight finishing streak before having his first co-main against Jared Gordon. It turned out to be an extremely close fight, and I think Gordon did kind of fumble it in the third round. Patty also attests that his performance was to a multi-luent tear on one of his feet that happened in the first minute of the fight. Admittedly, I was surprised at the Ferguson decision. Coming off being finished by both Diaz and Green, I thought Paddyy could also do the same. However, Ferguson is a tough customer and has great jiu-jitsu himself. It's a little bit of cope for you. Admittedly, I did feel like it was a very safe leg up finding a legend and trying to squeeze every last ounce of juice out of him. King Green shockingly launched into the rankings after KOing Grant Dawson and smashing up Jim Miller the completionist. Maybe it was a sprinkling of Dana White privilege and easy way to get into the rankings, but we had seen King Green knock out a 20-1 touted prospect. It was an extremely dominant performance for Paddyy and Green achieved very little in their fight. It ended up with him getting arm barred whilst being unconscious. And then finally, we end up with What have you done for me lately? A 39-year-old Michael Chandler whose game plan gets thrown out the window and he just throws hammers and windmills all 25 minutes. Michael Chandler is by far one of the most exciting people to watch and he earned his own violence triangle and was always in title contention. He has abused himself inside the cage purely for entertainment. But in those fights, they've been close. He's also a her gate porier and Olivea. And before he fought Paddyy, he fought Charles again for five rounds. And then Charles won and went on to fight a belt for himself. Paddyy now stands on the precipice of being one of the biggest stars in the UFC. Gachi is your favorite fighter's favorite fighter. He's fought for four titles, two of them undisputed gold. He has knocked down or out the last nine of his 10 opponents. He's won 14 postfight bonuses. We all know who he is. If Patty can get past Gachi and earn the interim gold, he holds the key to one of the biggest fights in this new era. Patty Pimlet versus Ilia at the White House. With a win at UFC 324, Patty will have the biggest, shiniest rocket strapped to his back. And that is exactly