Kind: captions Language: en Does this make Alex Pereira the go? By now you've all seen the White House card and who exactly is fighting on it? Whether you think the MVP MMA card is better or not, let's not forget the White House has some serious history making potential to it. Now, Rockman and Teddy Bear showed up to Ariel Huan's live show in very cute matching outfits. Of course, I will always sit and listen to what Pereira has to say, but to save you guys a lot of translation, here are the big things that we learned. We know Pereira has flirted with fighting at heavyweight for a long time, but he was surprised how chill the UFC were with it. He goes on to say how extremely happy he is with his new contract which is an eight fight deal and likely his last with the promotion. Of course, he had to relinquish the light heavyweight belt 2, which he doesn't care about because the money is just that good. I think we know where some of that Jones 30 million went. He says he wants to give heavyweight a good crack, too. He doesn't want to shut off the idea of going back to light heavyweight in the future. However, with a loss in June, I assume we'd see him back in with the big boys instead. Errol asks him in three different ways if he was ever contacted to fight Jon Jones. He says, "Honestly, no." and then goes on to say he just wanted to fight heavyweight for himself whether it be for the belt interim or just a regular fight. He seems to have a goldplated chip on his shoulder because for everything that he's done he still wants to prove people wrong and of course break new records. He reveals they had discussed fighting sirugana at an earlier time. However, the UFC didn't kind of get their plans together and they didn't leave Pereira enough time to prepare for the fight so it got bumped to white house guard. Looking back from where we are now, it's crazy to hear that he was last working in the tire shop in 2016. And the fact in 2021 he was still driving around a 2005 Toyota. It makes it even more insane just how far he's come in such a short amount of time. Also, in a strange turn of conversation, we find out Pino is also training boxing again and wants to fight on a Misfits card. We also have an update on his kids and that he is training them to be mini Pereas. The idea is for them to compete in MMA, but currently they're just grappling. There's also some great heartwarming stuff about his charity work and his institution also on there. We've seen that on his channel before. But purely fight related, Ariel rounds off the conversation with, "If you win the third belt, does that make you the GOAT?" Pereira says he doesn't know,