Kind: captions Language: en Everyone's favorite battle chef returns at UFC 325 for his first defense in his second reign in Sydney, Australia. It's the first time Vog is defending his belt in Australia, but the second time he's fought Diego Lopez. Diego Lopez burst onto the UFC scene in 2023 when he took a short notice fight against perennial ignored contender Elo. Losing a UD, but looking super slick and dangerous in the process, the emo mullet was on everyone's radar. Putting a firefight win streak together was smashing everyone with clinch uppercuts and a frantically dangerous bottom game. He was eventually matched with Vog for the vacant belt. Also, does anyone remember the time at the Sphere when he threw an overhand and knocked out Ortega, but then woke him up in the same combo with a left hook? Stay. Which is precisely what we thought for Vog situation at the time. Recently coming off backto-back KOs. Terrible news for Smashburger fans. Vog had been finished in a 10-day silly Billy decision when he took on his lack of a short notice. Mac Jr. and all round demolisher Ilotia welcomed Vog back down to 145, which honestly I think we all kind of took personally. Another relatively quick KO in the second round started making fans question Vault's choice to come back so soon. In defeating Lopez, Alex turned back the clock at 36 years old and looked as good as ever, which kind of made our video look a bit silly. However, just 9 months later, he's put to the test again when he faces Diego Lopez for the second time. Lopez is coming off a stereotypical barn burner at UFC Light after knocking out the barking ma in a Beyblade battle. However, this year it feels like the matchup is not met with the same anticipation. It's a bit puzzling why they've chosen to go with immediate rematch in Lopez. And of course, we have to consider if Shawn Silva won, he probably would be fighting Bogn next. But the weird thing is Lopez wasn't the only choice they had. I mean, don't get me wrong, it was a great KO, but so was Loy Murphy's. But again, it was over Aaron Pico, who at the time was completely untested in the UFC. But the British market for champions has literally never been stronger. Murphy has a nine fight undefeated streak within the UFC. He is known for being a bit of a decisionator. He doesn't have the biggest personality and he's not very well known. Speaking of which, Mossar Evov also 19-0 and the division's number one contender who has a win over Diego Lopez and is also on a nineight streak. However, this guy collects minutes in the octagon like the Pokémon cards. He has strong wins against Arnold Allen and Almaine Sterling, but hasn't fought since December 2024. We all understand that this is a what have you done for me lately business and the UFC wants something to promote. The problem is this is a sport with legitimate rankings and they do need to be respected. What's more impressive take on a 190 undefeated prospect or someone he just fought literally less than a year ago and beat quite decisively? As fans, we care about legacy. Yes, we love crazy fights, but when a true great gets to test themselves against fresh elite opposition, the rewards for either winner are far greater. I mean, you guys let me know. Are you happy with the Lopez matchup or would you want someone