Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I'm proud to say that myself and Seven Bucks Productions are going to make a film about the life of one of your founding fathers, the pioneering founding fathers, the smashing machine, Mark Kerr. Mark Kerr went on to fight in the UFC and went on to fight in Pride. Oh my god, he was a monster. He was a monster. He was such a machine. The highs from this sport are like no other highs in the world. 12,000 people out there cheering for you. That's like that's orgasmic. That's like high. That documentary is insane. If how he's going to win it. Look at his Oh, tough kid. But I'll tell you what, his face is just destroyed right [Applause] now. And it's so raw because it's just two people out there competing competing in the most primitive form possible. and it makes a lot more money than most fighters do. I didn't realize what it entailed. Everything's going to crash. When you want to talk about a seinal piece of work in the mixed martial arts community, the way the smashing machine was depicted is entirely unsurpassed. This story goes far beyond what you would have ever expected. From a bartender who raised a small amount of cash to archive his old wrestling teammate to multiple lawsuits, the extreme behind-the-scenes circumstances that the filmmakers were put under, the tumultuous failures during filming, all before The Rock ever got to it to turn it into a feature film budgeted at around $40 million, and of course, the real life story of Mark Kerr himself. I've pulled from a variety of sources to give you a behindthe-scenes look, which includes the director's own commentary from this absolute steal I found on eBay a few years back. You might notice something a bit off about this package. It's well in German, but thankfully the bonus features on this disc are still available in English without overdubs or even subtitles. So, it's all here. I'm uh Johns. the director of The Smashing Machine and John Greenhous, producer of The Smashing Machine. But even beyond this being one man's incredible story and tragic downfall, it's all well really a crossroads for MMA as an emerging sport in general at this point. A a lot of what it is is people have bought into the stereotype. We're going to show you the bloodiest, goriest, one of those people that thinks that it is. Yeah. and and really it's it's um and I think it's probably worth mentioning that there may be some spoilers in here ahead of the film debuting in October. I'm not exactly sure what they're going to cover. It is the real life story though, so you've been warned either way. The documentary began filming in 1999, and I cannot state this thoroughly enough, but the sport of MMA had just effectively been sent to the gallows in the United States. When it all first came together for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, they marketed as MMA or no holds barred, which is what it was called back then. And they basically told people that somebody might die inside of the cage. Two men enter, one man leaves. Well, what is that suggesting? That's suggesting that someone's going to die. This was not going to be a sport, as far as anybody could tell, like it is now. Maybe a brutal blood sport at best, invoking the images of John Claude Vanam's brutal classic of the exact same name, who ironically does become a part of this story literally as it goes on. You are next. But the UFC and the sport above all by the story's beginning was just a spectacle fighting for any morsels of legitimacy. You're not a bad person. I go in a ring. I do my job. I like what I do. uh some of it is so brutal that uh it's nauseates people uh even hardened individuals uh are repelled by this. It appeals to the lowest common denominator in our society and it's uh something that I think there's just no place for if the appointed officials that are supposed to regulate these sports in 36 states unanimously agree. I have no problem with anybody who wants to regulate us and anyone who wants to say this is the rules that would be great too. We're not opposed to that. From here, the filmmakers immediately set the tone by showing flashbacks to how Mark Kerr earned his nickname, which was when he debuted in 1997. Not in the USA or Japan where this film takes place for the most part, but in a promotion called WBC or World Valley Tudo Championships in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Tonight, eight fighters from six countries will go head-to-head in a single elimination tournament to determine who will be the world valet champion. And what really stands out to me is that this was Mark Kerr's career beginning and it's one of the earliest sections featured in the documentary. The American freestyle wrestler Mark Kerr, 28, 61, 260 lb. He's from Toledo, Ohio. This is his first fight. Before I fought Pog Water, I remember taking about this much of a sip of water like in a Dixie cup walking around and going, "My stomach, I couldn't hold anything down." This is, by the way, the point in the film when if people walk out, which some people did when we screened it, it it was right here. Absolutely. Paul Varlland's the man Kerr is opposite here. He already fought at the very highest level inside the UFC in five separate events and was even a finalist at UFC 7. Little blood coming from the face of Oh, huge takedown. Kerr wants to be. This is where he needs him in the face and he needs him again. Beautiful knees in the face. Another knee right in the face. I don't know how Barl's going to take much more of this if how he's going to win it. Look at the four. Oh, tough kid. But I'll tell you what, his face is just destroyed right now. They can't handle anymore. That's right. Marlin's unable to protect himself. Machelli doing the right thing, stepping in. His face is aimless. You can vividly see sheer panic overtake him in a way that you almost never see in modern MMA. There was no blueprint back then. Var is completely lost in this moment. In 1997, the moment manages to perfectly encapsulate Mark Kerr and the terrifying monster he was inside of the ring, and Kerr had to compete two more times that very same evening. The next opponent, nicknamed the Master Hulk, which you would think he would be a more formidable opponent with the images named like that invokes, but this is what happens. Hulk trying to get out of the ring. Hulk left the ring. He's taking shots. That's he That should be it. Yeah, Kurt made the guy quit. He did it by just getting the hell out of there. You can instantly understand why most modern MMA is inside of a cage, too. But from here, this led to the finals of the tournament where he took out an absolute legend and pioneer that helped bring the sport to American shores. And Fabio Gil's got it his way right down to the ground they go. Oh. Oh, a beautiful head. He's crowning him with right, but just miss counters with the right. Comes up and throws some devastating punches. He's down. Oh man, right on that eye. You could hear that. That was head to face Kurt if he was able to do that. But but Kurt sweaty and strong, able to pull out left a great fight, a great warrior, and nearly descended the entire venue into a full-blown riot. It was hard enough for me to get out of the ring that night. People lingered until Fabio got on the mic and Fabio was like, "Hey, just basically just leave him alone. Don't do anything." He won fair and square. and he addressed his crowd and told them, "Please show some class. Please don't create any problems because it can get very boiled at venues like this." And what's so important about this is well, it's the reason Mark Kerr was called the smashing machine. This night in Brazil, they literally nicknamed him that, which of course became the namesake for both the documentary and the Rocks movie. Back in these days as well, competition in MMA wasn't nearly as monolithic as it is now. Many other promotions were putting on huge fights that competed with UFC's roster and as I've already mentioned often featured the exact same guys. UFC was still the biggest name in the sport, but a rival Japanese organization would be soon appearing and we'll get to that later, but people around the world did understand the importance of this tournament win. And so he was immediately looked at as one of the top fighters on the planet when he arrived in the UFC. And this was perhaps just as importantly how the documentary came into being because this all caught the eye of Kerr's old Syracuse University amateur wrestling teammate John Greenhouse. I wrestled myself in high school and then in college for Syracuse. I can't say I was very good. And uh I wrestled with him at Syracuse. He was an NCAA champion. I was a schmo. So I was a fan of his but a friend. And uh a nut flee as Mark would say. Yeah. Anyone who hangs on to Mark, he calls them nut fleas. Yeah. When I went to college with Mark, I mean, you know, we were a rowdy bunch of young wrestlers. It was fights all the time. And Mark literally was someone who didn't fight. He was not an aggressive guy in any way. We hate each other, though. Oh, absolutely not. Absolutely not. No. Treated as a profession. Greenhound is officially credited as the documentary's producer, but the story is far more interesting than that. In an outstanding interview with Ben Folks from The Atlantic, the director of the film, John Haims, who was just beginning his film career at this point, laid out how he was approached by Greenhow. Quote, "Green Greenhous reached out to me and said he basically randomly raised $10,000 to make a movie through his bar patrons, but he didn't actually have an idea for the movie. He just raised 10K on the promise that there was going to be a movie. So, he asked me if I had any movie ideas." End quote. Okay. Wait, what? So, yeah, the producer of this film who raised 10K with no actual movie idea, it's pretty wild that he just raised $10,000 with zero ideas and people just blindly trusted him. But after watching these brutal fights, realized his old friend and teammate from Syracuse would be perfect to make a film about. And I don't I don't even know how it happened. I think I was sitting around in my living room with John showing him the tape. Some other people were there and I I think I just brought it up on a whim. what would you think about doing a documentary about this guy? And he said, you know, if you can get in touch with him, I'll do it. And it turns out the man he approached to direct the film, John Haims, who also attended Syracuse University, well, he happened to be the son of longtime director Peterheims. Peter would direct TV and film throughout the 70s, the '9s, and beyond, which notably included Vanam and Time. Read it. Wolverine and John Haims, the director of The Smashing Machine, his son, after directing this documentary, would also direct Vanam in later films a decade later. Also, we'll get to the Vanam part here in a little bit. He is connected to this story. So, this bartender, John Greenhalge, had some serious luck going to school with all the right people. And with just $10,000, which is absolute pennies for a film budget, the two hopped on a plane with a couple camera operator cinematographers in 1999 to begin capturing some of the most unforgettable moments in sports history. Steve Schlutter, one of our producers, our cinematographer Neil Fazari. We usually had four guys crammed into one hotel room. So it maybe like Steve and myself would take a bed one night, John and Neil. [Music] On Mark Kerr's side of the story, he already accomplished a great deal by this point. As I mentioned earlier, this was the era of one night tournaments. And in the UFC, he had just won two of them backto back, which effectively had made him the arguable top heavyweight in the world. Let's put it together for the winner of the heavyweight tonight at the machine. Congratulations. I know everybody's excited to see you again in the future. Yeah, I'm excited to be here. This is the only organization in the world to be. And that meant in order for this film to even begin production, there was a pretty giant hurdle in the way. The UFC was still owned by Bob Meyer. They offered to pay me $25,000. Right about the same time I'm approached by Japanese organizations and they offered for me to fight against hoist Gracie $185,000 cash fly over there they flew hoist had the press conference everything we were signed to fight all sounds great right the money was in Japan where he was bound but there was a bit of a problem here I signed a three tournament fight deal with the UFC UFC. He was still under contract with the UFC. I get back to the States. I hear a knock on my front door. I open the door and the guy goes, "Are you Mark Kerr?" And I go, "Yeah." And they go, "You've been served." The UFC was suing me for breached contract. I end up settling $155,000 in legal fees. Did you have help with that? I did. The original owner of Pride, um, a guy named Mr. piece of shaka. He took a liken to me. And there are so many more details to this lawsuit that I could go into. Shout out to the MMA History podcast for covering this so well. I definitely recommend giving them a listen and a follow for more on Mark's story, but it just shows how much duress this film was under before the film crew even was able to go to Japan with him. And after a slew of successful wins and pride, that was when the cameras accompanied him for the first time. And talk about a perfect time to do it. Kerr was already 11 and0 by this point. He'd finished nearly everybody viciously and even won a submission grappling tournament. Plus, he worked on his standup striking skills. something. Boss Routten, former UFC champion, coach an actual star of the Rocks movie, who is actually reprising his real life role in the Hollywood film 25 years later. Here's moments from the documentary. He's the first wrestler who wants to learn something. He's the first smart one, and that's why he's so good. And one right after another, you meet three very important figures in Kerr's life at this point in the documentary. One was his significant other in Don, who ominously paints a picture of impending events. It's funny, too, because girls will say, "He's too big." But, uh, I'm definitely attracted to him. At first, I thought it was really great because I knew he was so talented and it makes a lot more money than most fighters do. I didn't realize what it entailed. She's played by Emily Blunt in The Rocks movie. Then there was a very much down on his luck fighter and former UFC heavyweight champion Mark Coleman. He's played by real life former UFC fighter and former Bellator heavyweight champion Ryan Bader. And at the time, Coleman was on a four-fight losing streak. Many simply thought his career was over in August of 1999. And while in Japan, the two take a picture with the third incredibly important figure in the scope of this film, and that's Igor Chanchchin. In the Rocks film, he's played by real life boxing heavyweight world champion Alexander Usyk, who is also Ukrainian like Eigor. And notably for the documentary, this is Kerr's opponent in Japan for this event. The camera crew do a really fantastic job capturing the atmosphere of Pride from both inside and outside the ring perspectives. They even show a rules meeting where almost innocuously a manager asked the pride staff about the use of knees on the ground. Now in this position the knee and the kick to the face are falls. The opponent is in the position when his face is upward. Is it allowed for him to kick in the face? This woman's face was designed by Jim Henson of the Muppets. Eugene. I think she was Eigor Vansion's interpreter and uh I would think maybe a manager. Underground sex slave. Jesus guys. Interesting. in its own right, but you're not expecting much of what this means, and you start to get this sense of uneasiness, especially as Coleman talks about minimizing distractions. I don't recommend people bring their wives or girlfriends to the fights because um you need to be extremely focused. And she came out covered in sparkles and the entire room smelled and the smell of her perfume was mixing with the smell of their sweat and I was really losing my mind in that. I mean, it was really Mark to even allow her into that situation was inviting chaos. And what ends up happening is pretty horrific. [Applause] [Music] And so yeah, that question I often's manager asked about turned out to be insanely ironic. He absolutely should have known that knee was illegal. But intentional or not, maybe it was just Igor losing himself in the heat of the moment with a new rule being instated. It's one of the first truly intense emotional moments inside of this film. And it doesn't even matter that the fight gets overturned to a no contest because as Kerr unravels his gloves, you literally see his emotions unravel as well. It's just a perfectly captured moment by this film crew. But here's the crazy thing that the documentary commentary reveals. The interesting part I think about these shots are it's the fact that Neil the sound man Neil Fazari who did a great job and Steve Schlutter the cinematographer who are shooting this here had only known Mark for 3 days. I eventually walked into that locker room while they were shooting him and he was crying and uh it was devastating for me. I asked them to cut the cameras. It's like to saying that like you know it's risking everything because a reward is so good. You know, the highs from this sport are like no other highs in the world. And it's and it's so raw because it's just two people out there competing competing in the most primitive form possible. And Heims and Greenhodge already knew the subject matter would make for a compelling documentary. But there was so much here that had just happened that the two had a very real sense of the gravity of things for the first time. Gone was the facade of the larger than-l life smashing machine. in an instant. He was human just like the rest of us. And it was so significant that the original plan for this film to ends not long after this had to be scrapped entirely. Johns in his interview with Ben Folks laid out that this was just going to be a simple threeact feature. He says, quote, "Fight, recovery, training." After all, how much could that initial 10 grand even really cover with four men flying back and forth to Japan? This was when they actually began pursuing funding for the film. They simply had to keep filming his ongoing story. You know, most of us are not interesting enough or complex enough, and Mark happens to be this walking contrast. And it was in their original act two of their documentary, which was meant to be his recovery, that the scope blew open even further. And you don't have any any strong pain medication like opiates or like No, no, no. Earlier in the documentary, he's shown injecting painkillers. This one is called Naphine, often known as New Bane. I'm definitely not going to claim I know a whole lot about this subject matter, but all you need to know is it's a pretty hardcore opioid and of course can be very addictive with life-threatening consequences if used improperly. Prescription only kind of thing. obviously had already looked and felt sketchy in the film. But when they came back after that horrific fight for his recovery, they soon realized how bad it was. Actually, this was really the depths of the the worst it got. There were points in here where he was trying to get off drugs and we were spending just time alone, us and him, and really watching this guy unravel. Like in this shot for instance, he's actually detoxing from drugs unsuccessfully and we were sort of trying to babysit him. It was actually a total nightmare. I think he really trusted John because of their relationship as teammates. So he said to me like, "Okay, John, you know, why don't you stay in my house with me? You watch over me and make sure that I don't do any drugs or do anything. I'll wean myself off this drug, you know, and and you can help me." We argued about it a little bit. I I thought it was not such a good idea, thinking, you know, that I was going to help Mark out. I had to make the decision to, you know, put the camera down to to try and save somebody's life. I'm entirely unsure of a crazier scenario than as a film producer or director being put in that position. Kerr had a deep level of trust with him, which was key to a lot of these moments being filmed, including his horrific overdose. Thankfully, this led to him going to rehab. And it was around this time that you found out how bad things actually were. You have to know that when Mark started pulling those drugs out right there, we almost all fainted. And by the way, there was an explicit agreement that occurred throughout the entire process of shooting this documentary. Well, he had rights to the final cut and would have final say on what would actually go out. So, it's important to note that Kerr ultimately had control of putting this stuff out there. Again, him and Greenhodge were friends and they agreed on all this. They said, "Hey, Mark, we'll give you the ability to say, "No, you need to take that out or you need to take that out." And they could see it and see the struggles you went through and see that you made it out through the other side of it and you're okay and life is good. And I said, "Okay, it's go ahead." So, the good news at this point is the rehab works. Kirk gets out. He pretty quickly breaks up his toxic relationship with Dawn. A lot of fighting, a lot of arguing. You know, I just want I want the hell out of this thing. Then he begins focusing himself on training intensely with Boss Routten and embarks on the historic Pride 2000 Grand Prix in Japan, which was just absolutely unprecedented in terms of scale and at that point had rarely been matched even to this day. We're talking about guys like Hoist Gracie in their prime, essentially the father of the UFC that blew up Brazilian jiu-jitsu by showing everybody the power of submissions in the first UFC tournaments. Then there was Sakur Robba, the biggest Japanese star who would go on to beat Hoist in this tournament, becoming arguably the greatest fighter on the planet. And of course, Kerr himself, who was perhaps the biggest American star there alongside his close friend Coleman, who was also in the tournament and had just finally gotten a win over Ricardo Maras, which gets covered in the film. And of course, Eager Chanchchin, whose illegal knees in the fight with Kerr were overturned to a no contest as a result of it all being ruled unintentional fouls. In short, there was no bigger tournament in the sport. and Kur sliced through his first round opponent in anyway by the way who was the man that had just beaten the undefeated Randy Couture when he left the UFC and was now coming to Pride. And so yeah, Kerr passed that test with flying colors. He really looked like the man you saw in those early fights, vicious and looking like the favorite in the tournament again. [Applause] There's actually a pretty great moment from the documentaries deleted scenes at this point that showed Kerr's wit. Something you really don't get to see in the documentary otherwise. Did you know what was written on the back of his head? I think it said I love Mark. What did it say? Death. Coleman also makes it through his first fight in the tournament, which is a bit awkward as friends who were on a collision course. They'd have to fight if they ultimately made it far enough. We actually had said this almost in joking and we said, you know, someone put $150,000 on the table, we couldn't turn it down. We'd have to fight. The winner of the tournament gets $200,000. Now, that's no jump. And then kind of his nemesis to this point in the film, Igoro of Chanchchin also wins his first fight to get through to the next round. Sakuraba, as I've already mentioned, would face Hoist after they both won their first fights. And this was a hybrid tournament structure. It wasn't a one- night tournament. Pride management really wanted to determine the best in the world. And this tournament was twice the size of your average 8-man UFC tournament with 16 men here, meaning you'd have to win four fights total to be crowned at the end of it. So this was just the opening round of the tournament. Everybody would have to come back on May 1st, 2000 or about 3 months after this opening round, which was on January 30th, 2000. And to layer on further, Cur started faltering between these two tournament dates and got back with Dawn, who is now revealed in the movie to have her own alcohol abuse issues. I feel vulnerable. I want someone to be able to share in that, you know, not the high of what I did, but the emotional depression that comes afterward. So yeah, she definitely causes him to relapse after rehab, which is helplessly terrifying to watch in this documentary because he does recover in his career when he earlier and briefly left her. You know, as far as me having a couple beers now and then, what's the big deal? You know, I was jamming needles into my arm 10 times a day. The two of them were really poisonous for each other. Yeah. I mean, it's it's the classic textbook AA enabler story. Yeah. No, of course she's not the only guilty party. Mark was just as guilty in that as her. Dawn represented what was going wrong in Mark's life. And it's super clear that Boss Rutin as his trainer was livid about all this. And there is an obvious resentment towards Dawn in some of these scenes. What I hear, what Mark told me that uh he has to fight and she comes home drunk and start kicking the door. They have to get separate. That's what I think. You know, that's it. So, instead of focusing on training, Kurt is seen fighting with Don, who actually self harms herself in the run-up to this tournament. Thank god they weren't loaded. She She grabbed uh my handguns under the night ste, you know, then grabs a razor and starts gouging into her arms and stuff. Clearly, the issues this film covers become much bigger than just any sports tournament. But one thing is for certain, Kerr isn't as wellprepared as you might have hoped going into the biggest night of his life. But hopes are still high. It's just really hard not to root for Kerr as the genuine person he comes across as all throughout this picture. And we realize that something is not quite right. And the truth was things got a little shaky here. But he's in shape and he's got a shot. And this all really culminates an incredibly tense evening that sees Coleman advance in his tournament rounds. Igor takes out Sakur Robba after his 90minute battle with Hoist Gracie. And then there is Mark Kerr. He ends up fighting a actual pro wrestler Japanese style, not quite WWE but still scripted that Kerr is expected to walk through. His name is Kazayyuki Fuja and it's one of the most insane fights you will ever see. Kerr begins to do exactly what you would think. He really just starts to annihilate the guy. But they called this man Iron Head for a reason. This guy takes it. Yeah. A normal human being would be on on that moment. It all just falls apart and he freezes up in there. It's absolutely brutal to watch him go through this. I can say that this fight filming this, it was a really painful experience to film this. We are not defined by our successes and failures as much in life as fighters are or professional athletes. I mean, they literally are defined by how much they win or lose. The whole thing also gives his friend Mark Coleman a lucky break as Fuja sustained too many injuries to continue on that night. Also, we can't really ignore the fact that what was on our minds this entire time was whether Kerr was going to fight Coleman, right? And if he had won that fight, he would be fighting Coleman. For the purposes of a film, of course, that would be the most compelling thing you can imagine. Can say for myself, I was truly relieved. Yeah, I think we all were. We we really didn't want to see that happen. And so the final of that tournament, which again all took place on the same night, takes place while Curry is receiving stitches in the back in an incredibly well-edited sequence as astonishingly Mark Coleman manages to upend the whole tournament as the man who began this documentary on a four-fight losing streak and climbs back to the mountaintop. At least the finality of Coleman's story is able to give people some catharsis here. And here's Coleman with this enormous belt, an equally enormous trophy, kind of quietly alone. As they say, this moment was absolute cinema. Twist and turns better than you could have ever scripted, but just as horrific seeing Kerr's downfall. And this is where the documentary ends. We're given a brief editor's note that Kerr would go on to marry Dawn. They're not together to this day. But this isn't really the end of the story about the film. A surprising amount happens beyond this point. There is another wrinkle to this story that is yet another twist. Ironically, the man that directed this documentary and who I mentioned was the son of Peter Haims and how they both directed Jeanclaude Vanam in their own respective movies. Well, someone else used to have the rights to the film that Rock now owns and wildly enough JeanClaude Vanam was meant to star in the film. information is incredibly sparse, but Manu Bennett, you know, from Deathstroke from Arrow or Crixus from Spartacus. Well, he actually was cast to play Mark Kerr in the film alongside JeanClaude Vanam around 2007. Almost a year prior to getting Spartacus, I was offered a movie to play a UFC fighter called Mark Kerr in a movie called The Smashing Machine. You thought I was big on Spartacus or, you know, his Deathstroke. the way that I got my body prepared for the smashing machine this movie did some things I'm not going to talk about in order to get big. But that's how that's how I was convinced I had to do this role. But after going through 5 months of like like and I mean I trained so hard like my legs were out here but I got that role and I got to South Africa to start filming this role and uh they had like Fedor Millenko they had Shogun and Vanam was going to play my coach. Well, Vanam didn't show up on his plane and we're all in South Africa ready to film this thing and he didn't show up and the whole film fell over because of it and we were all sent home and I got back to Australia with not a dime in my pocket. I had to go work on a building site uh because I just had no income and I had no money left. And to be clear, there are people on both sides of this story. Some who say that Vanam had a good reason to pull out of the movie and uh John Claude Vanam was supposedly going to play my part. pretty cool. But damn, he's only 170 lbs, right? Yeah. It never made it because um Rico Rodriguez actually had a lawsuit with the Smashing Machine. Turned into a court war that Rico Rodriguez won because they made him look I think Boss Rude knocked him out and they put it on there. Future UFC champion by the year 2000, Rico Rodriguez, was featured as a training partner in the documentary. And in deleted scenes included on the DVD release, he was portrayed as a drunken partier who abandoned Kerr in training instead for flings and late nights out. Notably, he was knocked out by boss on the bonus disc features, which was specifically after Kerr asked Routin to do that to him. And this morning, I got up and Rico uh wasn't uh he wasn't there. You know, we kind of made a deal. I said, "Listen, I need you for 12 days. Just be responsible to me. I want you to beat the crap out of my friend." He was really upset that he wasn't showing up on time. It might be one of the most unhinged moments to ironically not make it into the film's final cut. It's hard to find much detailed information on this lawsuit, but Kerr has said that Rico won the case against the filmmakers. Um, so any footage that had him in it, um, he received as compensation for him suing that we portrayed him in a in a bad way. And The Rock had seen the smashing machine much earlier than you might think as well. And I happen to run into him uh, like 1999 when he trained at Gold's Gym. And then my documentary comes out a couple years later. had the opportunity to look at the documentary and I ran into him again and I had a longer conversation. But back then he just didn't have the power or the industry pool to make something like that happen nor the money to purchase the rights. But he managed to as his career sent climbed to an A-lister in the movie industry culminating in his announcement at UFC 244 in 2019. is I'm proud to say that myself and Seven Bucks Productions are going to make a film about the life of one of your founding fathers, the pioneering founding fathers, the smashing machine Mark Kerr uh on that Friday at the press conference. you know, I built it up so much and that crowd was on fire and you could tell the hardcore fans knew exactly who he was just like that and they started clapping and then there was a good amount of this new generation uh of fans who were like who who not exactly the warm reception you would have hoped for and for years until 2024 really everybody thought this movie because of that lackluster reception was completely dead on arrival and it kind of was for a while and so he was prepared to go into production later that year. I'm gonna put it on a schedule to be shot somewhere in 2021, you know, and as it turns out, obviously the pandemic that was 2021. We're still dealing with co and now what I've realized is if it's for me, then it has to be the right thing. I'm grateful for the big films and there's still a place for the big films to be able to do something where I could really sink my teeth into material and I can jump off a cliff. I could be scared but also as you talked about about addiction, about failure, about loss and mental health struggle. That's the bug that I got bit by. And so here we are now and this video is being made about 5 months before The Rocks movie will release into theaters. And I have to say I'm cautiously excited. It should be self-evident why this story about Marker is without a doubt worthy of a big movie Hollywood release. And for me, a lot of documentaries are like books. I'll almost always prefer the book in this analogy to the movie. The real thing is well actually real and extraordinarily hard to replicate. Plus, Hollywood always does strange things to biopics. Or how about Ironclaw, which was another A24 film where they just left out an entire brother. It was already an incredibly famous story. I don't know why they were so worried that for some reason telling the whole story, but in a Hollywood setting would mean it's all of a sudden too much. They didn't contact me. I don't know why. And they're real nice people. That's not a historical movie at all. And but it's, you know, it's based on a true story. And so that begs the question, will they do anything reality altering to this story? My guess is probably a few. It's not always a bad thing. Sometimes it helps with brevity and makes the flow of the film and help it not get too bogged down into minute details. I also have many criticisms of documentaries. It's not a perfect medium in comparison to movies, but this is one of the best documentaries I've ever seen. I just hope it gets told accurately is all I'm saying. I really do hope though they go into some of these other details like the lawsuit with the UFC. There are plenty of details that Kerr has gone into interviews about interfacing with a Japanese mob, the Yakuza. There's plenty of incredibly interesting moments that I think could be interesting to see depicted on screen because those moments have never been seen. What do those moments look like if they're realized? Either way, expect to see our breakdown after the film releases, the accuracy of it, the review in general. I am very excited about it despite my reservations. But uh yeah, massive thanks to you all for watching. I'll see you on the next one. Peace. [Music]