Kind: captions Language: en It's been about 15 years since we saw anything resembling a strong competitor to the UFC. &gt;&gt; UFC has purchased Strike Force. Is that true? &gt;&gt; That is true. &gt;&gt; You know, 27 years of being in the fight business. We've had a lot of great people help us out. You know, it's been a great journey. It's something I've really enjoyed. You know, now it's time to take a not a little break, but you know, just just to ramp it down just a little bit. It's an emotional time. &gt;&gt; There's been moments where Bellator has looked really good. &gt;&gt; Set. Oh, and there are what a shot by &gt;&gt; at one point when the merger between Bellator and PFL happened that felt like it maybe would have been the start of something good, but I think we all know how that went. &gt;&gt; Patricio Pitbull Patchy Mix has spoken out. Why is it do you think that PFL has trouble meeting the demands of singular stars that they have in their roster? &gt;&gt; Luke, honestly, that's a good question. I I have no idea. What is Dawn's favorite alltime MMA fight? &gt;&gt; I'm going to answer it differently. It's boxing for me. &gt;&gt; One championship also went on an absolutely giant spending spree at one point, which is how they got Demetrius Johnson and Eddie Alvarez alongside Misha Tate and Sage Northcut. &gt;&gt; Without getting into detail, the the package in general, it's it's going to be an 8 figure deal. &gt;&gt; But their last official financial filing show, they spent about $585 million with only about 31 million to show for it. But is there a cap, right? Like, is there a number where you're like, we can't reach this number in losses before we're in trouble or before anyone starts? &gt;&gt; Don't even get me started about GFL who's apparently trying to give it another shot. And until very recently, I think the fan base was happy with that. I mean, who's watching the CFL over the NFL? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Tampa Bay Bandits versus Houston Gamblers. Enjoy. Everybody wants to watch all the best athletes fight each other, and that's a ton easier when they all fight for the exact same organization. But recently, there's been a bit of a tide turn among the fan base. Why? Well, the simple fact is the UFC simply isn't giving fans what they want. More and more of these crappy Apex shows years after the pandemic made it a necessary thing. Lackluster booking, overpromising for cards, and coming up short. &gt;&gt; We saw the the the White House thing. We will absolutely positively put on the baddest card of all time. &gt;&gt; He said it was going to be six, seven title fights and it was two title fights &gt;&gt; everywhere. Oh, six title fights &gt;&gt; for all the fluff and all the hype that's been going on. This is a normal pay-per-view card, man. Just straight up. Let's call it Spade of Spade. &gt;&gt; I mean, good thing Bone Nichols fighting on the White House card, am I right? Greatest card of all time. &gt;&gt; Great job. But consider how in shambles pretty much every division in the UFC is right now at the top. Aspenol is in a feud with the UFC right now, which is the third heavyweight champion in a row they've had issues with. You know, Jones leaving and Ganu before that. And by all means, Alex Pereira coming up is a great thing and a breath of fresh air as he tries something historic with three world titles. But there is this controversy that's still unsettled with Aspenol. Not saying that's the UFC's fault. I mean, they didn't eye poke him, but the problem is still a fact of the matter that they're having to deal with. &gt;&gt; I mean, he had Tom bloodied up and u Tom didn't didn't want to continue in the fight. &gt;&gt; So, you're not too happy then on what the president of the organization is saying towards it. &gt;&gt; What do you think? &gt;&gt; Beyond that, the rest of the division is in complete tatters at the moment. Perhaps the worst it's ever been. Light heavyweight is now having to adjust with their champion leaving. Yuri versus Bberg is a great fight, one I'm looking forward to, but it's still the fight for the second place in the division considering the best is still Alex Pereira. Welterweight has been stuck after Islam went up to 170 to fight JDM because for the last year most of the talk was about Islam and Ilia at the White House and now I don't know who is going to be next for Ilia. I know UFC want to do like some big fight in White House. Which fight is going to be bigger than this? &gt;&gt; No idea why that fell through. lots of claims by managers on both sides about not being properly offered the fight. Either way, it's stalled out the division for almost a year and hopefully we'll see a defense in July like it's being teased, but it's been totally log jam as a division otherwise. Ilia is meanwhile fighting Justin Gatechi, which don't get me wrong, I think that's a great fight. Gachi is capable of beating anybody on the right night and it should be a fun one, but this is still the aftermath of the attempt to get Patty into the title picture that backfired. There are bigger and better fights to have made at 155 for that title. This is the third or fourth inline guy to get his shot. So instead, we're getting the guy who lost to both corners of the BMF title blunder from last month. It's not Islam. And I'll say it with my full chest because it's been true for over a full year now. All of this political nonsense that's happening around the title is total BS and it should be I don't know, Armen Sarukian who's made it obvious he's the number one guy for over a year now. In short, lightweight is a total mess right now. Featherweight has somewhat recovered since Ilia left to 155, but the UFC hasn't really helped Vulks campaign to reassension by throwing him into a rematch with Diego Lopez. I mean, we already made a video about that because not a single person needed to see that rematch within a year of the first one happening. It would have made sense if they had a few more fights in between, but it ended up looking pretty much exactly like the first fight. G. I wonder why. Then there's Flyweight. We just got word that Joshua Van is out of his title fight with Tatsiro Tyra. And yes, that is not the UFC's fault, nor is what happened to Pantoia back in December. But either way, it's just another division that's having a ton of issues at the moment. And at 135 for women, we know both Kayla Harrison and Amanda Nunez are likely to retire, win or lose, when they finally square off. Kayla can't handle the weight cuts as she's used to fighting at 155, which is crazy. she gets this far down. And that begs the question, what does 135 look like when they are both gone and then 115 is in shambles after Jeang went up and really struggled to put forward much offense against Chevchenko, which has led to the unlikely scenario that McKenzie Durn is the strawweight champion. One would expect Jean to just come back down and reclaim that title, but you know, this is MMA, you never fully know. The only exceptions are middleweight with Hamzad as champion. Jan at bantamweight which was frankly an incredible title performance and win over whom many were already starting to call the 135lb goat Morad the Walish Willie. And finally 125 with Chef Chenko who's looking untouchable since getting the better of Alexa Graasso in their trilogy. So if you aren't keeping count that is eight divisions all with some strange instability happening at the top of the division versus just three that are going well. And to be fair to the UFC, not everything is their fault with these divisions right now. But for a lot of them, yeah, they are kind of the issue. They simply aren't helping them progress forward with ridiculous matchmaking and even holding back fighters. &gt;&gt; He's going to have to he's going to have to work his way back. I don't give a what the number says. He's going to have to work his way back. &gt;&gt; And in the case of Islam or Hamza, they seem incapable of booking them more than once a year. And even for a lot of those, they weren't exactly putting on many great main events all throughout last year for their big numbered events. And so, what exactly am I highlighting here? What's the point of talking about all this? Well, between all of these things, the issues with divisions, champions not fighting, lackluster title fights, the Apex sucking balls, Dana White pissing off the entire world with his takes on AI slop. I've seen people saying that the UFC should be paying artists instead of using generative AI. We're using AI who gives a &gt;&gt; Ticket prices for live events soaring. The pattern that is emerging is the UFC is just a little too happy with their position in the market right now. They make more than a billion dollars on TV rights fees alone every year. Now, in comparison for the glory days of Connor and Ronda Mania, Lorenzo Fertitta famously boasted about a golden $600 million year. But we'll generate about $600 million uh in in revenue for the year 2015, which is a record for the company. And it's a fairly significant growth coming off of 2014. Pennies in comparison to now. They nearly doubled that with a Paramount deal alone before anything else. In short, it feels like the UFC simply doesn't have to care what fans think, and they're making that obvious with every response to the issues fans bring up. &gt;&gt; Who gives a &gt;&gt; How about this? shut the up and watch the fights. &gt;&gt; Which means for the first time in a very long time, this appears to actually be creating a hole in the market that the UFC has traditionally dominated. As fans continue to get told their input doesn't matter, what they want doesn't matter. You now have a situation where real competition actually has some very real concrete things that they can begin to market towards. For instance, with the MVP card, and yes, I get the Bellator comparison. over the hill fighters like Ken Shamrock versus Hoist Gracie or Kimbo Slice was already being matched in Bellator 10 years ago. I totally get that perspective. But hang on, this actually isn't that similar. For starters, the UFC never was interested in booking Shamrock, Gracie Kimbo, or even Dada 5000 in 2016. &gt;&gt; You got baby nuts, Dada. &gt;&gt; You got baby nuts. &gt;&gt; The UFC literally had zero interest in booking any of them. The difference here is the UFC was literally trying to make Rousey versus Corano a pay-per-view main event this year. They were in negotiations with the Paramount deal and that was one of the reasons it fell out. Rousey and Dana have talked about it openly. &gt;&gt; I have such love and respect for for Dana that I wanted to bring this to him first. Originally, we were going to do a New Year's and it was going to be under, you know, the the last fight under the pay-per-view model. And he offered me the best pay-per-view structure ever, and I was so grateful. But then, you know, Gina said she needed more time to get into the best shape possible. They weren't able to offer me, you know, um, a respectable deal under the streaming plat uh, streaming model. &gt;&gt; Rhonda said she approached you to have that fight, then she said that it didn't work out and maybe financial reasons were because of that under the new Paramount era. Are you disappointed not to be hosting that fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, her her and I have been talking about this since last year. Yeah, it it just didn't work out. &gt;&gt; The pay just wasn't there. The idea that this is a UFC reject fight in the same way Bellator did is clearly not true. We also now know through everything that this was the super fight, quote unquote, that Dana was teasing a while back and we are all trying to figure out what he was talking about. Is there any other like super fights that you could see happening over the next like two years or years? &gt;&gt; There is. We're talking about one right now actually that just popped up a few days ago, so I can't talk about it. Every fight that you would consider a super fight would would involve McGregor, but this one isn't. No. &gt;&gt; Dana was calling this a super fight for Nate Diaz. Dana admitted he got outbid. He clearly wanted Nate Diaz back. Have you had a conversation with him about bringing him back to the UFC before that all things happened? Yeah, he came in and met with me uh a couple weeks ago that I think Nate just got an offer he couldn't refuse. &gt;&gt; There were tons of fights being teased, including the ever elusive Connor trilogy. And then, of course, Enanu. This guy left the UFC as champion and has not lost in MMA since. He is still the lineal heavyweight champion. And Dana has said he won't allow him back to the UFC. &gt;&gt; There was nothing that made me happier than throwing that guy over to the PFL. Do you feel like you want to to to keep him around and move forward with him? Kind of. How does it feel going into this? &gt;&gt; My philosophy has always been, listen, if you don't want to be with us, that's not fun for anybody. &gt;&gt; Dana is refusing to let that go or TKO has decided he's too expensive. Likely story. Either way, the fact of the matter is the UFC was fighting incredibly hard to keep him under contract before he left. I mean, think about this. Dana took back Andre Arloski almost 10 years after he'd lost his UFC title and even after he'd gone to several of the UFC's rivals. The idea that Enanu has somehow damaged goods is ridiculous. And let me be clear here, a lot of people are comparing this event to the White House card, which I think honestly is a bit silly. It's not close from a hardcore fan perspective in terms of top tier talents in their prime. I'm way more interested in the return of Ilia in a crazy fight with Gachi or Pereira trying to go for a historic third world title against Gone. But the casual appeal on a bigger platform almost four times the size of Paramount Plus again with main event stars the UFC was trying to sign this year. Yeah, that's a pretty big deal. That's real competition. And what it is giving you is some of the things the UFC is currently lacking. They can't come to financial terms with any of the top stars on this card because of fighter pay issues, which is clearly creating problems with him recruiting talent across the board at the moment, especially in divisions like heavyweight. MVP doesn't have the petty issues with stars like this, even though I'm pretty sure God wants to absolutely murder Jake Paul. &gt;&gt; I really didn't want to fight you, but now I want to beat you. So, there's a difference. &gt;&gt; I'm not a fan of Jake Paul myself, just beside the point. It just feels like the UFC is getting in their own way a lot right now and this is creating opportunities for competition to arise in a way that we haven't seen in a very long time. By the way, I know a lot of people feel that this is just a one-off card for MVP. And that might well be the case. I think there's a high likelihood for that to be true. But that's if this card fails. They're spending a ton of money here and this could be hard to justify with any sort of regularity. How profitable can it actually be out bidding the UFC like this? But on the same token, there is no benefit to stack these cards with legit prospect talent. Because let's be honest, they're not high sellers. They don't do anything for Netflix or MVP's bottom line if all they want is a one night cash grab. All they need is the marquee stars for that. That's where 99% of the money is going to come from. Why book somebody like Muhammad Makayv when we know the UFC was really flippant about releasing him? &gt;&gt; I think the PFL is going to get a great undefeated guy. &gt;&gt; Really good luck to him. It's not like he's a big star that they needed. They were just happy to get rid of him. And below that are a ton of unknowns that aren't going to move any kind of cash either. Again, for a one night cash grab, how do these fights help them make that cash? There's no meaningful money to be made off of them. If anything, they'll likely lose money promoting a lot of these undercard fights. But if you are interested in potentially building a roster, then all of a sudden, these fights start to make a bit of sense. It's literally a waste of money otherwise. &gt;&gt; Yes, at the end of the day, we are competitors to the UFC now and and Zupa Boxy. &gt;&gt; Plain and simple, this card has generated more buzz outside of the UFC than anything we've seen for a very long time. And while the UFC is sitting on their hands in regard to a lot of legitimate complaints about the product at the moment, the UFC's competitors are wise to be looking at ways to leverage that discontent. Neglected stars are a big part of that discussion here. &gt;&gt; The important thing is that she gets the conversation out there and it puts pressure on the UFC to pay people more. It's all about the name of the fighters just like boxing. If Netflix can kind of do the boxing thing on Netflix with like bigname stars, they could be a major player and that will elevate everybody's pay scale. Look, I love the UFC, but I love seeing these other organizations come up and people making money. It, like you said, it rises every everything. It's more places for people to work, you know? It's it's great. It's only good. &gt;&gt; And it is clear that the UFC isn't trying these days. &gt;&gt; Who gives a &gt;&gt; How about this? Shut the up and watch the fights. &gt;&gt; Competition is something that does however force you to do better cuz if you don't, it could mean the end. &gt;&gt; Netflix wasn't a movie company. It was a software company. No, we tried going to Blockbuster for months. Listen, we were doing 5 million a year. They were doing $6 billion a year. But with Dana on the way out and being replaced with people that don't care about the sport or the fans and are just after cash for the least amount of investment and work possible, this might be the shot in the arm they need. And I should give some credit to PFL for replacing Don Davis. I already really like John Martin a ton more than him. Martin actually came across really well in his interview with Ariel Wani. So maybe there is some growth that we can really see take place there in the market. one is maybe a little too buried in their own debt or at least will need to take a much longer road to potentially recover. And I always appreciate the promotions like Ryzen or KSW who are extremely successful within their own countries. Hopefully, we do see more collabs like what PFL is teasing with Ryzen. Anyhow, what do you guys think about all this? Am I crazy? I initially did bulk at Rousey versus Chrono. I wasn't even going to watch it on its own. and I definitely wouldn't be watching this card, but the rest of the card has definitely sold me on watching it as an ensemble cast. And yes, I am not a Jake Paul fan at all, but you've got to separate how you feel about the person looking at this, I feel. Bottom line is the UFC is way too complacent in my book right now. And they need some competition to get them off their ass and start doing more live events or or being more fair about ticket prices. I don't know, any of the issues, you could name a million right now. So, that's what I really hope this starts to do. But that's it for me, guys. Let me know what you think and I'll try to respond to everybody in the comments. Have a great day. I'll see you later. Peace.