Kind: captions Language: en Check out these three punches. And here they are again. They look the same, right? But there's actually three quite big differences. Have another look. And the second set? You know, sometimes in boxing like everything else, people get tied up on there is a 100% a right way to do it and a 100% a wrong way. They become a slave to ideology, right? And ideology is terrible for your brain. It turns your brain into absolute mush. Life is one long process of teachable moments. I buy into the Arnold Schwarzenegger saying on that one. And another great man once said, "Go to bed a little bit wiser than when you woke up." In this video, I'm going to help you do that specifically when it comes to using these punches in boxing. Okay? Stick around. So, have another look at that combination, the first one. Have a look. Okay, so the first punch in that sequence is the jab. I'm going to just show you a jab. Simple demonstration of the basic jab. From your boxing stance, land on the floor, goes from the toe to the heel, nice and relaxed, bladed stance, elbows in, hands by your chin. Nothing complicated. Chin down. Okay, so the jab is there. Straight out. Straight back. Let me show you from the side. Right? So, what's going on there? Push off the front leg, the hips rotate slightly, go straight out, come straight back. Don't let the elbow flare. Don't pull it back to here. When you throw the jab, don't drop the other hand. Quite simple. Some people would say, "No, no, you've always got to throw a jab." I've just shown you a simple jab. Static single skill. Some people go, "No, you have to move forward when you throw a jab." Well, I disagree. It's fine. We can all disagree. A jab and a move forward, that's two skills. Push off the back leg. Straight forward like that. Just like a jab pushing back. It's two skills. Now, if someone says, "You must always move forward when you jab." Well, that to me is a problem. If I'm fighting against you and I spot that every time you throw a jab, you move forward, that's a bit of information I've got and I will make you suffer for that. Right? I'll spot you coming forward, drop right hand into the body. I will slip outside, right hook over the top, right overhand. I'll take half a step back and I'll drop a one-two in. Right? It's a piece of information that you could have done without me knowing. So, be varied. You can actually move in all kinds of directions when you throw a jab. You can move forward, you can move backwards, you can move left, you can move right. You can even do an angled side step and circle. One, two. Right? There's also different ways of throwing the jab itself. I think there are seven ways of throwing a jab. Right? One of them is a delayed arrival where you throw you you drop the shoulder, you do you build in a little faint, and then you throw the jab. Right? It scrambles defenses. Another one is where you can stretch the stance out, so you go one, and then you stay out of range, but you drop the front foot into range and come back. Right? There's all kinds of ways you can do it. Have a little look at this. You want to know more about movements and jabs and single shots and all of the basics as that you need as a boxer, download my book The Beginner's Guide to Boxing too. Look at this, there's a link down below. There will be a link at the end. Plus, you get a very cool drill pattern. Okay? Check that out. Okay? Join the other thousands of others who've downloaded that. Right. What's the second punch in our sequence? Well, it's the backhand. Okay, so let's demonstrate what that backhand is. From the boxing stance, same position, bladed, elbows in, hands by your chin, relaxed, balls of the feet. So, the straight backhand, drive off the back leg, the hips must rotate. Imagine you've got a pole going right down through your body and into the ground and you can only rotate around that pole. You can't bend either way, okay? So, from there, we're just going to straight out, push off the back leg, hips rotate, arm goes straight out. Same that side. See what I mean about you rotating around that central axis? There. Right? Now, here's where some stuff I've seen online is people go crazy about this stuff. Straight right. No, no, you must always throw a cross, a right cross. Okay, so let me give you a proposal about the difference between a straight right and a right cross. So, you can see when I'm throwing that right hand, hips are driving off, hips rotate, front leg bends to accommodate the rotation. Remember when you're throwing this right, don't drop the other hand. Same principle, make sure it comes straight back. Straight out and straight back. But the later in that rotation that I release the right hand, release the backhand, the straighter the punch will be. So, from there, if I release the punch early in the rotation, you can see the way that's comes across, doesn't it? Late. Early. Right? You put them two things together and you get the one-two. Right? One, late release. One, early release. The best combination in boxing, the one-two. So, there's a little proposal. Check out this stuff. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; If you're finding any of this stuff useful, don't forget. Hit like, subscribe, drop me a comment. Always nice to hear comments. Just keep it civil, okay? Um no problem with disagreements, but let's disagree in a in a considered and kind way. Right. On to the left hook. Now, this is the dinner bell for the idealogs. This is, you know, people get so wound up about the left hook. Let's Let's just go through the basics of the left hook. Again, we're demonstrating a single skill. Right? I'm not joining stuff together yet. I'll do that in a moment. Right? From there, boxing stance, land from the toe to the heel, bladed, elbows in, hands by the chin, relaxed, chin down, balls of the feet. Here's the left hook, the lead hand hook at mid-range. From there, &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; right? And then that side. Right? Now, I can see some Some people, I'm sure, are getting a bit wound up by that. But that's a left hook. Nothing added. Don't allow any of the faults. Don't try and hit too hard. Things get messy when you try and punch too hard. Don't drop the other hand, especially as a beginner. Right? Keep it there, nice and relaxed. Yeah? Now, that's the left hook. Some people will say, "You must always do that before the left hook." Right? So, that's a slip. There. There. You can see where I'm going with this. Left hook, slip, left hook. It's two skills. That's fine. No problem. Vast majority of the time, you will do something before a left hook to give you extra leverage on it. Right? You could throw a backhand. One, two. Right? But that, slip and hook, is two skills. The second thing that people get really wound up about on the left hook is notice that when I was demonstrating the left hook there, or if you like, slip and left hook, I had palm out. Right? That doesn't mean I'm wrong. Just like if I had palm in, doesn't mean I'm wrong. But this is what get People get really caught up with this one. You should always have palm in. It gives you more power. I don't disagree. Let me give you a little proposal. Right? If they are at the perfect range, so if they are if your opponent's head or the bag is the length of your upper arm away, well, go palm in. Not a problem. The reality is that probably gives you more power. Right? It engages more muscles and allows more power to be delivered to the target. The problem we've got with the palm in is as the opponent or the bag is further away and we keep palm in, starting to look a little bit like a slap, isn't it? Right? If I go palm down there, that is a legal punch all the way along till my arm is straight. Right? Right? So, palm down gives you greater range, palm in gives you greater power at mid-range. But, that is the trade-off. Right? Power versus range. Looks a bit like this. So, you put all of that together. You put your one-twos, your left-right, your left hooks. It all looks good, doesn't it? Put it all together and you end up with this. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Don't be an idealogue. Right? Make life one long process of teachable moments. Go to bed a little wiser than when you woke up. If you're still here, I'm going to assume you're serious about this gear, okay? So, go download your book, The Beginner Boxer's Toolkit, 68 pages packed full of insights and information, how to get the right mindset, set up your own home gym, 10 core skills, how to build power, how to build speed, great bag work, great skipping, plus you get a brilliant drill pattern to help you on your boxing journey. There's a link down below, there's a link here, enter your email address and I will get that book to you. My name is Fran Sands, I will see you in the next video.