Kind: captions Language: en Three ways to create angles of attack. [Music] Now, I love straight line attacks. You know, the pendulum step, working on that straight line. However, angles, when you add angles into your attack sequences, you bring a whole new dimension to your fighting style. In this video, I'm going to give you three very simple drills that you can incorporate right now, and you're going to get worked examples. This will really open up the world of angles to your fight style. Before we get going, why don't you go download your book, The Beginner Boxer to Toolkit, 67 pages, packed full of insights. It will help you get fitter, it will help you get faster, and it will help you be a better fighter. There is a link down below. There's a link at the end. Okay. Um, right. Let's get going. First drill, the pivot. Super simple lines on the floor. These lines. Um, if you want, if you go download your book, the beginner boxer tool kit, I include a drill pattern that you can lay out. I've laid mine out in chalk because I don't know, maybe I think it's 1927 and using chalk is the right way to go. Doesn't matter. The lines go from the toe on the front foot to the heel on the back foot. Gives you a simple point of reference. Really effective, especially as beginners. Okay. So, the pivot, see these two lines coming up at 45°? They're my target lines. If I'm going to pivot to my lead foot side, push off the back leg, front foot pivots on the ball, and we end up there with the line on the floor going from the toe to the heel. Watch it again. Push off the back leg. Front foot goes on the ball of the foot and we spin rounds. Don't let your body weight tilt forwards. Just keep it nice and simple from there to there. Right. And if we're going to go that way, we want to get to that line. So, we're going to push off this leg, but it needs a bit of help off this one as well. So, we push, right? And we collapse back onto the rear leg. I mentioned about overbalancing forward. Whenever you're pivoting, always try and collapse your weight onto the rear leg. Right? So from there, you've got there and you've got there. And of course, we can throw punches. Bum, bum, bum, bum. Um, one, two, three, four. Yeah. You can even throw punches as as you pivot. One, two, three. Yeah. The pivot looks a bit like this. [Music] Drill number two, a slight evolution of the pivot is the step across and pivot. So what happens? Front foot steps across to there and then we pivot round to there. Nice and simple. We're doing it on the lead foot side. Okay? Don't want to do that on the rear foot side because you'll cross your leg. You get yourself in a mess. If you're going to do that, you have to do something like pivot on the back leg first and then pivot on the front leg. But that's a, you know, stick with good, clean, simple stuff. Step across, pivot back. Good thing about that step across, if you do that when you throw a backhand, you will generate more power and then you can whip round to there. So you're opening up this angle of attack. It's either line into the target, step across, fire, bam, bam, or bang, bang, bang, bang. And obviously you can drive the attack home. Looks a bit like this. [Music] And drill number three, the angled side step. I love the angled side step. Um, if I'm going to go that way, push off that leg and that leg goes across. So if I was just doing a normal side step, I'd go to there and the line on the floor would be something like there. So it's just straight across there. Okay. Same that way. But what we actually want to do is end up on this line so we can open up an angle. So we push off that leg. That leg goes across and we're there. So it's there. Lovely. Doing it on the on the rear leg side. We can also do it on the other leg. Push off this leg and going that way. Push off this back foot across there. There. So you can go boom boom boom. Yeah. Open up that angle. One, two, three. Yeah. Open up the angle. Angled side step. Looks a bit like this. [Music] So just a little bit of an addition on the angled side step. That's at long range. You can do it at short range. So you give up ground to open up an attack, right? But the angle that you create is much steeper. Watch what I mean. So, we're right up close. Hands up. We're working away. And what I do is that. Okay. So, you can see that's where the angle is now. Right. Same on that side. That's what we're aiming for. So, that's a normal side step for long range. When we're at close range, we go there. Bang. And we open up the center line to hooks. Same on the other side. From there, bang. Yeah. So, we can open up the center line to hooks that way. Steeper angle looks a bit like this. [Music] So, there you go. Give it a go. Try this stuff. Work each of those drills. 2 minutes per drill. and then try it out on a heavy bag. If you want your drill pattern, go and download my book, The Beginner Boxer to Toolkit. Here's a link. Enter your email address. There's a link below. Click that link. Enter your email address. I'll get that stuff off to you. Okay. Cheers.