Kind: captions Language: en power, rhythm, and flow. You should aim to build them all. And a great way to do that is drills and repetition. And in this video, by the end of it, you will have five solid combos. You will have five drills to work those combos and you get five minute heavy bag rounds that are guaranteed to help you build that power, rhythm, and flow. How hard can a fiveminute heavy background be? You'll find out. Okay, let's get going. Before we start, why don't you download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit? Go join a thousand of others who downloaded this 68 page book packed full of insights and helps to guide you on your boxing journey. How to set up your own home gym, the 10 core skills, all linked to videos, understanding your training regime, the five building blocks of power, four steps to speed, seven tips for great shadow boxing, and five rules to be better at hitting the heavy bag. You will be fitter, you will be stronger, and you will be better at boxing. There's a link down below. There will be a link at the end. Click that link, enter your email address, and I will be glad to get that to you. Okay, what are we going to do here? I'm going to show you five simple combinations. drill them right steady repetition and then we're going to evolve those onto the heavy bag. We're going to do a five mi five one minute round on the heavy bag with 15 seconds in between. And it's a bit of a different type of heavy bag round because you're just aiming to build rhythm, power, and flow. Okay, drill number one. Let's start as simple as we possibly can. The one two in your boxing stance. Line on the floor. Toe to the heel. Knees nice and softly bent. Hands relaxed. Elbows in. Ready to go. The jab. Push off the front leg. Hips rotate. We're not doing any foot movement with this. Okay. Let the bag do the movement. We're just going to hold our feet pretty steady. So, we're going to throw the jab. Retracts. Throw the back hand. Okay. Drive off the back leg. Hips rotate. Straight out. Straight back. Little tip for the backhand. If you want it to go straight, leave it late in the rotation. If you want it to travel at a bit of an angle or be more like a a cross, let it go early in the rotation. Okay? So, straight cross. Okay? Early late. And you're just going to do that over and over again. So, from there, one, two. And we're avoiding the common mistakes. We don't want the elbow to flare. Okay? We don't want one hand to drop when the other one goes. We don't want it coming sloppily back to target. Okay? Back to home. You straight out and straight back. When we throw that back hand, we want the hip rotation. If you under rotate, it'll be too short. It won't land. It'll fall short. Okay? You've got to rotate the hips. So, there's your one, two. Looks a little bit like this. Combo number two then is the double jab and right hand. Now, if we were doing a double jab normally in shadow boxing or whatever, I'd always coach to move forward with your double jab. So, you throw one jab and two jab or move back with it. Okay? You can, you know, you often throw jabs from a static position. Very rarely will you throw double jabs from a static position. You'll always be either be moving forward or moving back. But we're on the heavy bag, so let the bag do the work. You're going to do the double jab from the static position. We're focusing on rhythm, power, and flow. So, it's one, two, three. Same type of principles as the two as the one two. Avoid the common faults. Make sure you're getting the hip rotation. No elbow flare. Don't let the arm come back sloppily. Don't drop the other hand. Keep it simple. Hands up, chin down. One, two, three. When you're on the heavy bag, when you're doing the drill, retract it fully. One, two. When you're on a heavy bag, it's okay to throw it and then kind of half retract it and keep it out. So, it's boom boom boom boom boom. You see that? So, it's one, two, three. Okay. You want to break them apart to let that back hand go. It looks a bit like this. Combo number three. Now we're moving into a bit of mid-range stuff here now. So we are going to do the jab, jab, slip, hook, hook. Right. So from there, 1 2 3 4. Again, jab, slip. So push off the back leg. Hips rotate. Keep the back straight. Don't bend at the waist. Back straight. Bend the front leg. Stay in a slightly upright position. And that allows you to talk in this thigh to drive back off the front foot. Deliver that left hook with power. And then drive the right hook in after it. So, it's one, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. And again, if you were against the live opponent, if you're shadow boxing, you're going to do that jab. And then you're probably going to push and slip in and then let the hook go to um close that range a little bit. But you're on the heavy bag. So let the heavy bag do the work. As long as your bag isn't too light when you throw it, it'll move back and come back closer into range to let the hooks go. Okay. Hold the feet static. Looks a bit like this. Okay. So, using that jab to slip off the jab a little bit Mike Tyson. Let's try something a little bit Sugar A Robinson. A little bit Julio Cesar Chavez. Senior, the dad, not the lad. Um, let's work head, body, head, body. Okay. So up close. So we're at mid-range against the bag. We're going to throw the uppercut into the bag there. We're going to throw the hook to the head. Slip down. Hook body. Hook head. So you've got one 2 3 4. Right? You counterflow this one. So you're working against the natural rhythm of the body. But that's fine. You've got to understand these things. Think about the sequence of punches. Uppercut. We attack the center line of the head. Hook. We attack the flank of the head. Okay. So, the opponent now is thinking, "Oh, uppercut. Hook. Everything's coming into me head." The hands are coming up. Elbow lifts. That leaves them open for that body shot. Oh, drops down. Bang. Finish off with the head shot. One, two, three, four. You want to see great exponents of this? Sugar Robinson, Julio Chavez. unbelievably good at that type of combination. Looks a bit like this. Okay, you'll see in a minute. You're getting tired by now. If this is the fifth round, you're heading into the fifth round on your heavy bag work. For the drills, not so much cuz we're going for quality precision of our execution. On the heavy bag, you're going to be struggling by now. You're only getting 15 second rest periods. And now we're going to finish off on what is essentially a six punch combination. So, the old faithful, left, right, left hook, double jab, right hook. Right. So, it's one, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. Right. Again, just try and get in that flow. Six punches. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Let them go. Build up the power. That repetition helps you evolve the power. Evolve the technique. Looks a bit like this on a heavy bag. Okay. So, we can sit back now and watch me get gradually more and more tired as I work through this five minute session. Okay. One minute work, 15 seconds rest. One minute work, 15 second rest. Five times we're going to do it each combo in each round. We start with the one, two, then the double jab, right hand, then the uh then the jab, slip, left hook, right hook, then the right uppercut, head hook, head, hook, body, hook, head, finishing off with the one, two, three, double jab, right hook. Okay, in between rounds, massive oxygen intake. [snorts] Really breathe as strongly and as heavily as you can. Get that in. In through the nose, out through the mouth. Don't think of anything in that 15 seconds other than breathing deeply. Now, some of you might notice when I'm punching, a lot of people write to me say, "You sound like you don't breathe when you're punching." Well, you know, if you're throwing volume punching and you're every time you punch, you're quickly going to hyperventilate. So, when I'm working on the bag, I value [snorts] rhythmic, steady breathing throughout. I'm throwing 80 90% power in me punches, but I'm able to Okay, is my mind that helps me oxygenate that helps me keep going. Okay, try whatever out you yourself. It's up to yourself. Okay, have a little look at this. Heat. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. [sighs] HEAT. &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. &gt;&gt; [sighs] [sighs] &gt;&gt; HEAT. HEAT. OH, HEAT. [sighs] [clears throat] Oh man, heat. Heat. Heat. Okay. Right. Let me know what you think. Is that something that's helpful to you? Please leave a comment, hit like, hit subscribe. It helps me keep going. Right. I've been doing this a long time now, heading into the 16th year of YouTube videos. Um, your support will help me keep going. Okay, take care. I'll see you in the next video.