Kind: captions Language: en slips, rolls, laybacks, and ducks. Four simple head movements. It's all well and good hitting someone, but what about not getting hit? In this video, I'm going to give you seven drills that will help you master head movements and punching, combining them to give you the best possible outcome. And it's stuff you can get going on today. Right now, before we get going, why don't you go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit, 67 pages. It will help you get fitter. It will help you get faster. It will help you be a better fighter. There's a link down below. There will be a link at the end. Pass your email address. I'll also throw in a free drill pattern and a bunch of follow-up videos and emails. So, go download your book. You'll not regret it. Right, let's get going. First drill, we've got these four head movements. We're going to look at long range. Okay, so drill number one, long range punches and slips. Now, let's just describe our slip. If we want to slip inside, so I'm going to slip that way, meaning I slip inside the jab, push off the back leg, hips rotate, back stays straight, and we go across to there. If I want to slip that way, push off that leg and bend out to there. Okay? So, the hips come round, taking the head off the center line. Don't bend at the waist, just use the legs. Get the legs working. Okay? So, let's think about the punches. Really simple. And you can slip before and after. All of these head movement drills. Get into the habit of doing the before punching and after punching. So we could go jab, slip, jab, slip, backhand, slip, backhand slip. And we can even mix them up with the long range hooks. Hook and slip. Hook and slip. Long range uppercuts. Uppercut, slip, uppercut, slip. Yeah. There. There. Really simple, but try and evolve that because you are at most danger of being hit immediately after you've landed your own punch. So, it pays to move the head. Using those slips with long range punches looks a bit like this. Heat. Heat. [Music] Drill number two, we can use the same concept but with rolls. So if I'm going to roll outside, again, it's all about the legs. I want to roll to come this way. Okay, first action is a slip and then just bring the legs round back to the starting position. One, two. One, two. Yeah, we want to roll and come inside. First action, slip out, roll back, come up. All in the legs. One, two. Right. So, we don't have to bend the waist. We don't have to do this. We don't have to do that. Keep your eyes on the opponent all the time. You can see everything that's coming. And again, think about how it works with the punches. You can get flow. So, we could go jab, roll inside. Yeah. Back hand roll outside. We could go um jab roll outside, backhand roll inside. So you can start building combinations incorporating each of those head movement skills. You can build the basis of a a counter punching style. One, one, two. Yeah. One. Roll round. One, two. Have a look at this. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Drill number three, the layback. Love this skill. There's your stance. The lay back. All it is is bend that back leg. You can see the way my head gets taken a few inches back there. Yeah, classic for long range, not so good at short range. I'll explain why in a bit, but brilliant at long range. So, you can go jab, lay back, backhand, jab, lay back, backhand, jab, jab, lay back, jab. That little lay back. Don't do that because in this position, I'm not much use to anyone. All right. So, just bend that leg. Jab, lay back, jab. Classic brilliant way of keeping pressure on the opponent. It means you can get the same outcome as if you push out and push in, but all you're doing is the layback. Have a look at this. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Drill number four, the simplest of all head movements, the duck. From the stance position, bend the knees, stick your backside out, back stays straight, and we go to there. That's it. No more complicated than that. From the side, that's it. Don't bend down because the floor isn't going to be punching you. You're taking your eyes off the opponent. That's the threat. Plus, you're very open to uppercuts. The great thing about the j the duck is that you can go one, two, three, four. Yeah. So, you can actually throw the body shots off the duck. Jab, duck, jab, duck. One, two, duck. Two, one, duck. Bang. Really simple. Have a look at this. Heat. Heat. [Music] Drill number five. Now we're getting up to short range. So it's all hooks. I'm going to demonstrate with hooks, but you can use these with uppercuts as well. Let's start with our slip. So we remember what we do with our slip. slip inside, slip outside. So you could with a hook, slip in, hook, slip, slip, hook. Yeah. Slip out, hook, slip in, hook, slip down, hook to the body. The slip when you're throwing a hook increases the power of the hook itself. So if I'm just going to throw a simple hook, it's there. Yeah. So, we drive off the front leg, hips rotate. To add more power, do the slip and then the hook. Yeah. So, you get a power increase. And obviously, after you've landed, as we said at the video, at the beginning, slip again. Okay. You need to combine these skills. Have a little look at this. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. Drill number six, short range rolls. So, hooks and uppercuts with your rolls. There's our roll again. Roll outside, roll inside. Yeah, this is wonderful now cuz you can really get good flow and counterflow. So, we could throw our hook, roll around, bang, bang, bang, roll again. You see, when you throw that hook and roll around, you come back up, you store lots of energy here. Bang for the second hook. And it works well with uppercuts as well. Uppercut, uppercut, uppercut, roll, uppercut, roll. Yeah. Same principle. You can hook and roll back the other way. Right. So if you roll with the hook, you get flow. If you hook and then roll back on yourself, you get counterflow. Makes you very difficult to judge what you're going to do when you're up close. Have a little look at this. [Music] Drill number Seven short range with the duck. Okay, I've ignored laybacks for mid-range cuz I'll tell you, think about this. If I do the layback at mid-range or close range, I'm okay. It'll help me avoid hooks coming my way, but if the opponent decides to go with a straight, I could be in trouble. So, I don't, you know, I don't usually advise laybacks at close range. experienced boxers and you see it coming, they might just be able to do that with a hook. That's fine. But generally the risk level is a bit higher. Let's get back to drill number seven, which is using short range punching with the duck. So you can throw your hook and just duck down. Nice and simple. Bang, bang, bang, duck. Yeah. Good defense against hooks coming back your way. If you want a bit more defense against uppercuts coming back your way, hook slip. Yeah. or hook and roll, but a hook bang bang there. Really nice. Just simple, super simple, but it be it can become a nice habit to get into. Have a look at this. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Coach, seven drills. Seven simple drills. Practice them. Work them on the heavy bag. You're getting the basis of really effective combinations. Simple combinations. One, two, three, roll. One, two, three, roll. Yeah, you're incorporating defense into attack. You're building a good counter punching capability. Right. This is good, simple stuff that when done well makes you look real elite. All right, give it a go. Let me know how you how it how it goes. Leave a comment, subscribe, like. Don't forget, go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. You will not regret that. Okay, I will see you in the next video.