Kind: captions Language: en If at times you feel your punches are a bit weak, then you need to watch this video. Or if you lack a bit of snap in those punches, then again, this video is for you. Or what about if you always feel you're going to fall short or miss your punches. Take the time to watch this short video. You will get seven tips on how to punch more effectively. Top pros punch effectively. Top Olympic boxers punch effectively. That's what I want to give you in this video. My name's France Sans. Welcome to my boxing coach. Very quickly before we get going, download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit, 67 pages. It will help you get fitter. It will help you get faster. It will help you be a better fighter. There is a link in the description. Provide your email. I'll be happy to send that book to you. There will also be a link at the end. Let's get going. Tip number one, keep your hands relaxed when in the stance. This is the biggest problem I see with beginners. One of the biggest problems. Soon as I say get in your boxing stance, they go like that and then I see the hands tense up. The knuckles go white. Right now, what h what's the problem with that? So, as soon as you do that, your forearms tense up, your biceps tense up, your pecs tense up, your shoulders tense up, everything's tense. Right? It's a terrible way to begin the life of a punch, right? You need to be relaxed. Your fist clenches as it lands on the target, right? Couple of inches before. And you think about you've got wraps on, you got gloves on. So when you make a fist inside a boxing glove, it's about there, right? That's why you see boxers in shadow boxing, the hands are like this. I've had people go, "Oh, look. You know, sometimes my little pinky comes out." That's just because my hands stay relaxed. But when they're going to hit a target, as the punch gets to the target, the hand clenches then. And that's when you get the tighten up of the forearm, clutch the the the fist and clench the fist at the point of impact. Don't keep your hands clenched. Right? You lack speed, you'll lack snap. That's tip number one. Tip number two, technical execution. And for me, this is always about the ability to rotate the body. Punches are not arm arm shots. They they just the arm is the kind of the arm does what it does as a consequence of what the body does. And I've done a long video on this. I will put a link in the description. Okay? It's a 15minute video. It will really help you. It goes into detail about the rotation of every punch. But I'll just pick one punch, the backhand, the straight right hand. Or you can, you know, this goes for the cross or the or the long range hook. So from there, we drive off the back foot. And if you think the body, if you think you've got a pole going right down through the body, and all you can do is rotate around that pole, right? Yeah. There. So that's our rotation. Now, if I don't rotate, look how far, look how much length on the shot I'm losing. There's me not rotating. Soon as I rotate, you can see I get that extra length. I get the extra power. Rotation is critical for every single punch. It's all driven from the feet. Rotate. Always rotate. I can't emphasize that enough. Tip number three, the correct punch for the correct range. Learn to use your jab, right? Your jab is so effective at finding range, right? It takes practice to to get used to knowing where an opponent is in relation to you or knowing where a heavy bag is in relation to you. Right? When someone's head's here, you don't want to throw a straight punch. Right? Similarly, when someone's head's here, you don't want to throw a long hook because what again what you see with beginners when the head's here and and they want to put power in the punch, they'll draw it back here and try and bring it right around. And in fact, you're better doing that. Right? There are five ranges in boxing. Out of range, that's when you're well away from the opponent, no risk. Edge of range, just beyond the length of your outstretched arm. Long range is where you can land your jab. Mid-range is about the length of your upper arm away from the opponent. The opponent's head would be here. Close range is anything inside the length of that upper arm. That allows you to categorize your punches, right? It gives you a framework to execute them with discipline. So, when someone's right up close here, we can do that. Yeah. When someone's at mid-range, we can turn those punches over then. or you can turn them in. Point being, you're not trying to throw straight punches there. You can, if someone is at mid-range, you can throw straight and work your way to long range. And then at long range, you use your jabs and your crosses. Right? The right punch for the right range. Tip number four, when one goes, one stays. Punching effectively means that when you throw a punch, you don't end up on your ass for doing it, right? There's no point throwing punches if your hands dropping here and you're eating punches. So, every time you throw a punch, there's a big risk that you get and you're sat on your backside wondering what's going on. Simple rule. When one goes, one stays, go stay. Same there, same there, same there. Especially with beginners when you start combinations you're going to go one and you might have mastered keeping the one go one stay for for one twos but as soon as you throw a hook that'll happen because the brain isn't processing properly here. You need your punches to do that. Yeah. One goes one stays elbows in. Tip number five accelerate. Always accelerate. A punch doesn't go travel at the same speed. Right. Get into the habit of accelerating the punch and snapping into that into that final accelerates up. Yeah, we'll go on to another aspect of that in tip six. The only time you don't want your punches to accelerate is when you're purposely laying traps. So, you'll slow your jab. So, you can jab there and then you vary the speed of a punch. But that may be to just do that jab, jab, jab, slip and hook. Right? All other types, think about accelerating the punch. Tip number six, and this is kind of tied into it. We heard the tip, always punch through the target. And I agree, but I'd say punch about 6 in through the target. About this far, right? So if you're hitting a bag and you're hitting this side of the bag, aim for the middle of the bag. Aim for your punch to go right through into the middle of the bag. Drive in. That'll give you good power. So punch 6 in through the target. Nothing I dislike more than watching people shadow box and they're doing that. Especially when they throw the hooks. What are you doing there? Well, you're practicing to miss, right? When you hit an object, a human head or a heavy bag, your hand stops, doesn't it? Right. So, emulate that in your shadow boxing. There. There. Yeah. There. There. Not. Hey. Don't practice to miss. And the final one, tip number seven, vary the power of your punches. Little rule. Say 80% of the punches you throw, dial them down to 80% power. Right now, more experienced fighters can load up and hit 100% power with more punches. They know they're giving up a lot of energy in those punches. Not many do it because they know, you know what, Sugar A Leonard once said, "I'm not known to be a hard puncher. I'm known to be a consistent puncher. If the first one don't get you, the next one will. I love that saying. I think it's a fantastic mindset so that you don't try and, you know, create an apocalypse every time you throw a punch, right? You stay under control because you do get out of shape if you start loading up all the time. You know, you do get out, you do get out of shape. You do lose the form of the punches and it's kind of self-defeating. So 80% of the punches that you throw, throw at 80% power. 20% of the punches, try 100% power, but vary that power up. Just like sometimes it's good to vary the speed, it's also good to vary the power of the punches. Seven tips. Bear them in mind. Write them down. Get them in your head. Just think about it. Check out some of the other videos I've done where you can pick that up. This will really help you take your punching effectiveness to the next level. Your combinations will get better. Mark my words. Don't forget, download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. Hit like, hit subscribe. I'd love to hear your comments. I'll get your comments down below. I always do my best to reply to every single one. Take it easy. I will see you in the next video.