Kind: captions Language: en Do you feel that sometimes your heavy bag workouts are lacking a bit of zip? Okay, you get bored. You feel like you're going through the same old same old, lacking ideas to make it interesting to help you look forward to that heavy bag session. Now, look, you can carry on mindlessly punching away at this thing or you can make a change. And in this video, I'm going to give you seven tips that will ensure that the next time you start your heavy bag session, you'll have cool ideas waiting to go and you'll end the heavy bag session with huge benefits, right? You will see improvements in your fitness and your fighting capability. That's what you're getting in this video. Welcome. My name is France Sans and this is my boxing coach. Before we get going, go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. Regardless of where you are on your boxing journey, this will give you some great insights to take the next steps. You get information on how to build the right mindset. The 10 home gym equipment essentials, how to lay down the 10 core basic skills that we all need, lay down your training regime, the five building blocks of power, four steps to building lightning se speed, seven tips to make your shadow boxing elite level, and five rules to hit the heavy backbone. Okay, there's a link in the description down below. There will be a link at the end. This will make you stronger. It will make you fitter. It will make you better at fighting. Okay, let's get going. Seven tips. First tip number one, it's easy to just go in the gym and do three three minute rounds on the bags. Six three minutes. 10 three minute rounds on the bags with your one minute rest. Mess about with the durations of your rounds. Okay. So an example, if you've missed if you've missed your training, you've been away on holiday, you're just coming back your first sessions, why not do a excuse me, why not do a 10-minute round or a 15minute round? A 15-minute round on a heavy bag is basically four four three minute rounds where you work through the one minute rest, right? So, breaking it down into those three minutes, you can still do different things throughout the the rounds, but you work at a steady pace. You learn about active recovery where as boxers, we need to we need to be uh recovering as we're punching and as we're working. Okay? Or you can switch on to two-minute rounds. Mess about with the interval, the rest interval. If you do three minute rounds rather than a one minute rest, do a 30 second rest. put more pressure on yourself to properly recover in between the rounds. Right? Do two minute rounds. Do 10 two minute rounds with 30 seconds rest. You could even, and this is what we do when we're coming up to the last few sessions before a fight. Do one minute rounds with 15 seconds rest. So that your the work rate in a the shorter dur the duration of a round, the higher the work rate, right? So mix things up. do a four-week cycle where in week one you do a 15 minute round. In week two you do uh six two minute rounds with 30 seconds rest. In week three you do four three minute rounds. In week four you do eight one minute rounds. Mess about with the duration. It's cool. Number two, use it for range. Um quickly you see I've got no gloves on. I've got no wraps on. I will not be hitting this bag. Don't, please don't be tempted to punch the bag without hand protection. As you become better at boxing, as you learn the technique more, the amount of power you put through your hands gradually increases. Always wear wraps. Always have some good gloves on. These people who say, "Oh, you need to condition your fists by punching them." It's All that will do will get you hurt. And look, you know, if someone say, "Oh, yeah, you need to condition him in case you have a street fight." Well, look, you will condition your hands anyway by putting gloves on and having wraps on. Over time, your hands will will get tougher anyway, right? If you happen to end up in a street fight where you're having to throw punches, things have got really really bad. Walking away from that with a broken hand, that's a win actually, isn't it? If you if all you walk away with is a broken hand. So, please don't hit bags without good protection on. Sorry, I went off on a tangent there. I do that at times, but it is something that really as as someone who's been a coach for 30 years, I hate to see it. So, please don't do it. Right. Back to the point. Tip number two, use it for range. Um, so the wonderful thing about a heavy bag is that it can swing. Don't let it swing to excess. But one of the big challenges you have as a boxer, especially as a beginner, is understanding range. So, that's long range. I can hit the bag now. That's mid-range. I can hit it with hooks. Yeah. And uppercuts. And that's out of r that's edge. Well, let's say edge of range. That's out of range. I know I'm way out of range now. I know that now if I throw my jab, I'm going to fall an inch short, right? But I know now if I throw me jab, it's going to land. I've learned that over years. But what you can actually do with the swing of the heavy bag, you can run any range in and out. Yeah. So, use the swing of the bag to help you build your range. That's a great tip for you beginners. All right, tip number three. Make punches come back, right? This is a This is an active fighter who's throwing punches back at you. So, use faints, right? Use faint to trigger, build faints into your boxing. I always say boxing is a pressure business. If you're not fainting, you should be punching. And if you're not punching, you should be fainting. Punches and faints. punch all the time. Punches and faints. Build that into your bag work. It becomes more instinctive. Right? When you've landed your shots, use head movement. Duck. So, duck, slip, slip, roll, roll, lay back. Right. There's a bunch of head movement skills. So, you can go one. Yeah. Jab, lay back. One, two, jab, roll, pull, jab, slip, uppercut, and after the shot's landed, move, make punches come back. Right. Tip number four, non-punching contact when you're up close. Head. Okay. Head down there. Right. Forearm. shoulder. Yeah, there's three. So, when you're up close to the bag, stop it with your head, push it out with your elbow, forearm, pin, pin with the forearm, let shots go. These are okay. They're gray areas, but learn to do them. Yeah, it's really helpful. Oh, there's another one. You can do the Mike Tyson thing. Hook. Miss with the hook. Let the elbow come. Okay, same on that side, right? Do it on the heavy bag. If you're involved in amateur competition, be careful doing that stuff. Okay. Um, tip number five, impose range conditions. At long range, you can be subtle with your feet. So, you do these little moves. So, we talked about the laybacks, the slips and the rolls. Yeah. long range. Yeah, you can do little side steps. Yeah. So, you can really mix things up by saying, "I'm going to stay at long range. At close range, we can go square. Really let them hooks go." So, you're putting power in, you're moving the head, you're using the non-punching contact that we talked about. But basically, a close range is where your foot is under the bag. So, if you're against an opponent, your foot is directly below their groin and that you're up close. Yeah. Hammering away. And you can impose conditions where you shift from both. Yeah. Find ways of moving in and um shifting from long range to close range and then back out to long range. Right. By the way, I'm flicking here. I'm not punching. Um, but obviously when you've got your gloves and stuff on, let them go. Tip number six, impose punch conditions. Volume of punches is a simple one. Let's assume you do a five minute round on the bag. In minute one, and you can do this for four rounds. In minute one, you're doing sing no, you know, single punches. So you're popping hooks, body shots, heads, jabs. Yeah. So one punches. Minute two, you go into two. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Yeah. Minute three, go into three punches. And you work all the way up to minute five where you're throwing five punch combinations. 1 2 3 4 5. No less than five. One, two, three, four, five. So you're imposing a volume constraint or you can impose power mix. So let's say Jordan around I think a good rule I always like is 80% or 80% of your punches at 80% power. 20% of your punches at 100% power. Cuz if you just drop slightly that power, they're still going to land with a whack, but you're less likely to get messy in your form and your technique. You're going to be able to maintain control, maintain understanding of what's going on. Yeah. Or you could have a constraint where you say I am going to um attack head and body in combinations and body and head. So you always think in this round I'm going to make sure that I'm switching from head to body and body to head. Saves you just banging away there. You can start thinking about going jab head, right hook, body, left hook, body, left hook, head. Jab, head, right uppercut, right hook. So you're switching from body to head and you're switching from center line to flank, right? So you're mixing up your punches. You're continually getting your brain to work to fire these various combinations to various angles. Okay? So that's tip number six. Tip number seven, the final tip, emulate a fighter. Pick your favorite fighter and try and emulate. Look at their footwork. How do how are their feet what position do they have their feet in? Look at their punch style. What is their style of punching? Are they hookers? Are they straight shots? Do they uh punch only at range? Do they are they power punches? Or do they look to be a volume puncher? Look at their defensive mechanisms. You know, how are they doing blocks? Are they a block fighter? You know, are they looking to do blocks? Again, if you imagine punches coming back, you can hooks coming in there, fire, hook and fire, block and fire, right? Um, and look at the way they do their head movements. So, just analyze their style. So, you could be Alli, you know, popping about on the feet, could be Joe Frasier, you know, where he's he's getting in long whack whack whack. Really letting them hooks go. Put an endlet he's got into every shot. You could be a bit of a a BVA style fighter. So you're there. Yeah, you're firing at long range. You could be Marciano. So from there, just edging in and then bang. And again, Marciano is 100% power with every single punch. Emulate the your favorite fighters. I like doing Marvin Haggler. I love Marvin S. you know where he's peppered them jabs and then he mix up with the with the punch variations. Julio Cesar Chavez senior the dad not the lad amazing fighter walking in you know and he's I'd say he was like a 80% power puncher but he put some put some serious pressure on opponents. So there's seven tips. Let me know. Have you got any tips for me to feed into the next video? Are you likely to apply any of these? Hit like, hit subscribe. Don't forget, download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. I will see you in the next video.