Kind: captions Language: en In this video, you will get a full strategy for dealing with those short aggressive opponents. You know, the type the ones who seem like they they're kept in a basement and raw meat is tossed into them a couple of times a day. Um, so in in this video, you're going to get a full strategy with three tactics and you're going to get the drills on how to build those tactics and and build them into your style. And you're also going to get a demonstration of execution. My name's France Sans. Welcome to my boxing coach. Before we get started, why not go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit, seven tools to help you with your boxing and fitness journey. Um, so you get in there how to get the right mindset, setting up your own home gym, the 10 core skills, how to lay down a proper training regime, you get insights into how to build power and speed in your punches, insights into getting your shadow boxing right and building out your heavy bag regime. Join the thousands of others who downloaded that book. There's a link down below. There will be a link at the end of the video. just enter your email address and I will get that off to you. Okay, let's get started. Um, I don't need to explain much more. Have a look at this. We start with the strategy. We work through the drills and then we do some demonstration at the end. Have a look. Three tactics to help you break open a shorter, more powerful fighter. This is a reversal strategy we're working on here. Okay, let's dispel a myth. If you're taller than the opponent, then you must keep it at long range at all costs. Um, that's wrong. You can, and it's wishful thinking. The idea that you can go through even a short duration fight over three rounds that you can go three rounds without the fight getting up close is just wishful thinking. It's nonsense. So, you've got to build that in. Plus, there's a hell of a lot of energy involved with you constantly letting the opponent dictate the range. So we don't assume that we must keep it at long range all the time. It's a benefit with your physical advantages, but it doesn't matter anyway. You can get up close. Tactic number one, we don't try and match strength with strength right from the outset. Okay? So we fight a good strong rear guard action. We can use prepared or unprepared attack. So we can use faints or we can fire straight off. Point being, a key thing is as the opponent comes in, you you combine your movement out with a jab or with a backhand. Okay? So, you're managing the range and then you swift switch off at angles. So, you might go one, two, so you can deflect attacks. One, two. Again, you're giving the ground and then you're diver diverting uh deflecting the attack either way. Push, push across. Yeah. So, you can side step. So, you're maintaining that range. Um but you're dealing with a straight line attack, straight line speed based attack. Second part of that tactic then we need to start holding ground. So you once you manage that situation and you're giving them a bit of a caneing at that long range, now you can start holding your ground a bit more and start holding your ground with the use of the the jab and the uppercuts or the straight shots and uppercuts. So you go one, two, cover, one, two, cover. Right? So you're fixing the feet. Fight's going to come up close and you're there. When you're up close and you're in double cover, be willing to be blocking. So, keep an eye on the hooks coming in, but really importantly, keep shifting position up close. Okay, he's on top of you. Don't just cover and stay there because you're open yourself to uppercuts. So, it's one jab, uppercut, close in, blocks, blocks, shift position. Right. And then the third tactic is to force them back. This is the full reversal. We've stopped them coming in. We've held our ground. Now we force them back. Straight shots combined with gradual shifts forward. One, two. Dead simple. One, two. Yeah. One, two, three, four, five. Just grinding forward. You just take the ground. Once you've got a shorter, more powerful fighter on their back foot, the fight is done. drills to help you implement tactics that can demoralize and break the spirit of the shorter opponent. Um, first one, let's get straight into it. You can do three drills. Either do it for one minute, two minute, or three minute, but there are three rounds. Same action for the whole round. First one, we're going to Now, with this one, you can either use a faint or go direct into the punch. So you can prepare or use unprepared. So prepared would be to use a faint. Then we jab and uh retreat. So we give up a little bit of ground. So it's one and then we push across as an angled side step. You see that line there? So what we're doing here is deflecting the opponent's um attack. So again, one push across. two, three, jab, push across. Yeah, nice and simple. That's what it's really about. Giving that little bit of ground and then deflecting the straight line attack. You could also change out that angled side step. So we could change that to go with a pivot or a pivot with a check hook. So it's one, two. Yeah, that's your first drill. Second drill then is we're looking at holding ground. So this is a static drill and it's really about executing the punches and the defenses, right? So, first sequence, we're going to jab. We're going to throw the backhand uppercut. Remember, an uppercut needs the forearm to be perfectly vertible vertical when it lands. So, you've got one, two, cover, block, block. Yeah, we can start with the back hand as well. So, it's one, two, cover cuz you're going to get hooks coming in. So, you got to be prepared to cover up, watch the shots coming, be prepared to catch them, and then fire back. That's the the key to this. So, that's the second drill. Really simple static position. One, two. Right. And also remember, it's important when you're up close against a shorter guy to constantly be shifting your feet. It helps you defend against uppercuts coming coming your way. Final one then is where we want to push the opponent back or force them back. So this is just about taking grounds with simple straight line attacks, lead hand initiated or backhand initiated. So you go one, two, three, one, two, three. Okay. So we're using the Soviet style movement forwards and backwards. One, two, three. Or starting with the back hand. One, two, three. Right. Um um we can just you know conventional push forward. One, two, three. Yeah. But the key thing is is that we take ground with each punch that we throw. So we gradually move forward. Three drills to help you dominate the shorter opponent to our shorter opponent now. So, this is about engaging in a fighting retreat. Let them take some ground, but but always exact a price. Don't just back away. You've got to teach them the lesson that if they're going to take ground against you, they are going to eat some leather leather on the way in. Um, it's you can do the initial push out on a straight line, but always look to change your angles. A an opponent attacking on a straight line can generally get forward significantly quicker than you can retreat and you you are open to hooks if you stay on that straight line. So just use the the front foot pivot where we can change the angle but still delivering shots as the opponent comes in and they're going to be struggling with this. Now, if you can maintain that range and if you can keep fighting out of the corner on that one and as soon as you your your rear calve hits that rope, pivot away and be gone. Um, second one then, this is about standing our ground a bit more, but we're delivering these uppercuts. These are these are horrible shots to get hit with, but they're extremely useful against a shorter opponent. They have to be landed with power. You've got to drive them in and make the opponent suffer with them. You want to really lift the head up. Once the shots landed, the opponent's right on top of you then. So, you can see there, we're guarding, but importantly, we're not keeping our head still. We're not looking to hold. We're just drifting left or right to make sure it's not so easy for the opponent to stick one on us. Um, we are in their territory now. Sorry about the focus, slight focus issues here. dodgy camera setting. But the the key thing is we're in their territory when we're up close. So, we've got to be aware of that and be defensively aware to make sure we're blocking and firing shots back. Them uppercuts though, they're intended to take the heart away from the opponent on the way in. And then finally, this is the most straightforward part of it. We are just driving forward. Now, we're pushing the shorter, stronger opponent onto the back foot. um forcing them back with punches. We're not pushing them back. So, this is really about making sure we combine the footwork with the arm punches. Um so that you you are, you know, positive momentum going forward behind them shots. By this time, if you've got this opponent um on the back foot in this way, they are really really struggling now. This their fight is done because this is not their game. They want to be on the front foot. They want to be pressured. Okay, there you go. I hope you've enjoyed that. Um, give it a try. You know, you can, this is stuff you can work on, um, in your training session. You can theme a training session based upon what we've just covered. So, there you go. Don't forget, download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. Um, subscribe to the channel, leave a comment. I always love hearing what you guys have got to say. Um, otherwise, I will see you in the next video.