Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to work together so that I can teach you to become a ghost with a hammer at long range. We're going to use two simple punches, two simple head movement skills, and two simple footwork skills. We're going to build those into 12 micro drills. So, whether you're a beginner boxer or a seasoned fighter, this stuff is going to be super helpful to turn you into that killer at long range. My name's France Sans. Welcome to my boxing coach. Before we get started, go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. Seven tools to set you on your boxing journey. How to prepare the right mindset, set up your own home gym, the 10 core key skills, how to lay down the ideal training regime, how to build proper power and proper speed, set down the perfect shadow boxing setup, and five tips to improve your heavy bag work. Plus, I'll also give you a fantastic footwork drill pattern that you will use to to lay down the ideal footwork drills. Watch the video and then there's a link below and there will be a link at the end. Just pop in your email address and your first name and I will get that book off to you. Okay, let's get going. We're going to quickly go through six skills and then we're going to use those skills to build our 12 micro drills and then I'm going to just teach you how you can take that on then and build it a bit more. The six skills, skill number one. Okay, so our chalk line on the floor is going from my toe to my heel, toe on the front foot, heel on the back foot, balls of the feet, body weight central or on the back leg, hands up, chin down, looking through the eyebrows. First punch, the simple jab. Push off the front leg. Hips rotate. Go straight out. Come straight back. The elbow follows the line of the fist. Okay, there. We don't do that. We don't do that. Simple jab. Okay. Fantastic punch. It's the punch that all boxers should have absolute total mastery of. Then we're going to use the simple uh back hand. So, it's a right cross to some people. Drive off the back leg. Hips rotate. So imagine you are rotating around a central axis, a pole going through the top of your body and your upper body does that. So from there, front leg bends, arm goes straight out, comes straight back. Both of these punches accelerate onto the target. So there, hand, palm down at the end, lands on the target, and then come straight back. Keep a good guard while we're at we're at it. Then we're going to do work the roll inside. So you've got two types of roll in boxing. A roll inside. So if you're an orthodox boxer, I call it the roll inside because I'm going to roll inside the line of your jab. And then we've also got the roll outside. So the roll inside, keep it really simple. First action is a slip onto the back leg. So there. And then the legs take us round and bring us back up to the start position. So what you've got a full speed is okay. There. And there. Nice and simple. All in the legs. Be efficient. You basically want your head to be nowhere. You don't you don't need to go all the way down here. It's wasted energy. Okay? Just by the time you roll under any shots coming, you want them to graze the top of your head. Don't bend forward while you do it. Keep your eyes on the opponent. Okay? Roll inside there and there. Okay. Number four, the roll outside. Start with a slip inside one. And then we we use the legs again to come back to the start. So you've got one, two, one, two. Right. Roll inside, one, two. Roll outside, one, two. Hands stay there. Don't get into this habit where you're dropping your hands. It looks cool, but it'll get you unconscious, okay? It'll get you ironed out. Okay? So there's four skills. Now number five, simple move in and out. Push off that leg. That leg goes there. Line on the floor goes toe to the heel. Same on the way back. Push off the front leg. Just make sure we don't lose that line. Line toe to heel. They are our six skills. Let's quickly combine them. Micro drill number one, we're going to do a jab and a roll inside. And this involves flow. So when you execute certain skills together, you get counter, you get flow or you get counterflow. I'll explain that now. Jab, roll, back. One, two. Yeah. Jab. We've got the flow with the jab. My body naturally wants to go into that roll. I'm quite happy with that. On, two. Okay, that's micro drill one. Jab and roll in. Nice little drill. Two, jab and roll out. Okay, so you've got one and then we pull back into the slip and then roll back to the start. You got one, two, three. Yeah. Nice and simple. This is all in the legs. Don't let it become a top half thing. Right. Then we've got the cross. So we're going to use the right hand now. And we're going to throw a right hand and roll out. Right hand roll out. Again, we've got flow. One, two. One, two. Right. Common fault with this. When you throw the right hand, there's an urge when you go into the roll, your body weight will naturally want to go forward. Don't allow that. So kind of sit back with that right hand. So you're there. you've rotated around. That constitutes the first bit of your roll, right? You know where we said the outside roll, you do the slip and then roll. Throwing the right hand actually is the first part of the roll anyway. So then you just come back to the start. Yeah. Don't tilt forward. And then you've got the the cross cross and then roll in. Right. So again, counterflow on that one. One. Two. So, there's four little drills all dealing with the simple combination of the punch with the roll. One. Yeah. One. One. One. Right. Four drills. Then we can think about moving in. So you've got you can push in with the with the jab and then roll in. Right. It's another little drill. Jab. So you push off that leg in. Roll in. In. Roll in. This is just about attaching these little skills together. You know, you see boxes in the ring and all over the place. Well, that just boils down to this stuff where you methodically go through each one. So, you got then you can do the jab, roll out, and in. Yeah, that's number six. You can do the backand roll and then come in after it. That's number seven. Show you that again. Back hand. Careful not to overbalance forward. Roll. come back to the start and then push in. So you're covering ground and you're doing doing so with shots going back the other way and with your head moving. Okay? So you are minimizing the chances of getting hit in the head. Right? Then we can go uh we just think about then opponents who are trying to close us down, right? So we could do uh you could push out with the jab and then roll under. So you are giving up ground, you are extracting the price for giving up ground and then you're moving the head. So you're maintaining the range. You've landed your shot and you've minimized the risk of punches coming back your way and landing. Same with the um So that was the jab, the jab rolling. So it's the same with the jab and roll out. So you can go jab, roll out there. Yeah, that's just a similar type of thing, but we are we are rolling outside. And then we've got the back hand. Okay. And then you can do the push with the roll then and come back. So you've got one, two, push out and come back to the start. Same principle, landing the power shot, pushing out, giving up ground, moving the head, and then the final one is the cross, come back. So you can push to there, and then roll. So we're splitting that skill, remember? Cross. That's the first part. We drag back, pull the shot back. Okay? And as you pull the shot back, you can push back and then complete the roll to come out inside. Okay, 12 little ways of stitching these things together. So, you can then think about multiple punches. So, you could go um one, two, three, roll. Yeah. One, two, three, roll. One roll. One, two, three, roll. Done. Sneaked in. Have it. So, you can tie multiple punches together. We've just used straight in and out. You can also do it with lateral moves, with pivots, with diagonals. One, two, roll, step across. Jab, roll, step across. Right. One, two, three. One, two, three. Diagonal move. Step across. left, right, left hook. After the pivot, you can change out the movements in and out with simple side movements and diagonals. Simple but not easy. You can work those drills, 12 of them. Try them. 30 seconds a drill. Jab and roll in. Jab and roll out. Cross and roll in. Cross and roll out. And work it in. Add in your footwork. steady, methodical work. Right, don't forget and drop a subscribe. Let me know a comment. Let me know what you think about this stuff. Forget download your book, The Beginner Boxer to Toolkit. You'll also get a drill pattern that's a lot more expansive than my simple chalk line. Okay, my name's France Sans. Take care. I'll see you in the next video.