Kind: captions Language: en pivots for angles. We're going to in this video, we're going to work through using some rear foot pivots and then daisy chaining them with lead foot pivots. And this will really help you open out some additional angles. I was working this with boxers in this gym a couple of weeks ago. And we add something in that does make it more difficult, right? But it really does help. So stick with it. Give it a go. And I'm sure you're going to gain a lot from this video. Um, and of course before we get going, hit like and subscribe. Let me know what you think at the end of the video by dropping a comment. Um, okay. Let's talk about some pivots. First pivot. We're just going to do So, we know what the pivots are. Okay. So, this is a rear foot pivot. So, we're going to rear foot pivot that way and we do that. Okay. So, we don't step across. We kind of push off that leg and the rear foot pivot slightly. We're going to pivot that way. push off that leg and we pivot to there. Okay. So, let's pivot this way. And what we're going to do is daisy chain it with a second pivot. And then we're going to add in this little thing that will really help and will help you not get punched in the head. How can that not be a good thing? Okay. So, the first move from there, I'm going to push off the back leg, pivot to there. So, I'm facing that way now. And then push off the rear leg to pivot to there. I'll show you again. back foot pivot there and then pivot there. Okay. So, when I was working in the gym, that was really easy. Box has got that really nice and simple. No problem, is it? But your head's staying at the same height, isn't it? And if we're moving this way against an orthodox boxer, I'm potentially walking into right hands. So, as we do that firstly, rear foot pivot duck as we do it. So, there's your duck. Just stick drop your knees and duck down. So there's the move. One, two. So you go one, two. Yeah. You'll find the cognitive load increases when you add that duck in. It feels like you want to tilt forward. So try and remember to collapse your weight back a little bit. So there and then there. And of course that allows you to duck your head under any right hands coming. But make sure when you've done that duck, the execution of the second duck is quick of the second pivot. So we go there and then that one there. Nice and quick. And then the shots can go. then looks a little bit like this if you're going to do it in your shadow boxing. Okay, now we're going to rear foot pivot this way. Stand there. Push off that leg. Now, if you The pivot isn't that big. If you just imagine I'm facing you. Now, I'm going to pivot so that I'd be facing someone just [snorts] to the left of you. Yeah. And then we pivot across to there. So, and this is all about if I'm, you know, boxing against an orthodox boxer, really good to get out here, right? So that you're outside their lead hand and you can let your own shots go. So again, push from there to there and then to there. Try and avoid, don't let your heels touch the floor. Try and do all of this from the balls of your feet. You should feel a slight You should recognize the distribution of your weight onto the balls of your feet. So, push off the front leg, push off the rear leg to there. Okay. Add in the duck. One, two. Watch the rear foot. Now, it's really important to get that pivot of the rear foot. It's not much. Look at it. It's going from there to there. Very important to get that because if your foot just stays the same position, you end up with parallel lines facing kind of that way. It's no good to us. Push off the left front leg duck and then across to there. Right. Again, speed of execution on the second duck. When you're throwing some punches in there, looks like this in the shadow boxing. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Heat. Heat. Okay. So, we've got both of our daisy chained pivots with a duck. One, two. One, two. Right. Don't be predictable. Sometimes we can learn these these new skills and all of a sudden that's all we're doing. All right. But you've got to mix things up a little bit. It's got to be built in with other moves. So it can be straight line attacks. So from there, push in, implement them, push out. Yeah. Straight line attacks, can be side steps, side step that way, step across, side banging there. Yeah. Push across. Boom. Boom. Boom. Mix it all in. One. One. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Yeah. You can't just afford to discover one technique and then just live and breathe that all the time. So, it's important to work the drills and then when you do your shadow boxing, mix it up a little bit. Something like this. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; So, you're still here? I'm assuming that you're serious about learning this stuff. Go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. everything you'll need in there to get your journey going. From how to get the right mindset to setting up your own home gym, from the 10 basic skills to how to build power, speed, and strength, you will get fitter, you will get stronger, you will get better at fighting. Okay? There's a link here. Also, drop me a comment. Any kind of videos you'd like me to do, any particular techniques you want me to cover, leave me the comment. Let me know. Thank you very much. My name is France Sans and this is my boxing coach.