Kind: captions Language: en four boxing attack drills that I've been using this week in this gym with my boxers. Okay, you get to combine footwork, punching, and head movements all in the same set of drills. This stuff works. At the end of this video, you will have a bit more knowledge and you will be able to get a bit better at boxing, okay? So, stick with it. Before we get going, don't forget, hit like and subscribe and drop me a comment. They're always very well received. Okay, let's get going. First drill, keep it simple. This line on the floor, simple rule about these two lines. That line there, my foot will always start just this side of the line, it will always end just the other side of the line, that front foot. This line going down here, this is especially important for you beginners. We want to avoid losing that line on the floor. The line on the floor always needs to go from the toe to the heel while you're learning this stuff. Okay? Soon as we do that, we're off balance. So they're they're the two lines. First drill. Okay? And again, one, two. And on the way back, one, two. You can also change out them straight punches for hooks. Yeah. There. One, two. One, two. Okay. So, what's going on? Important concept of this. When we're going forward, we're going to push off that leg. That front foot goes forward and the punch lands at the same time as the foot lands. Yeah. So, you're going to go one. Yeah. Exaggerate it if you need to one. Right. And then the follow-up punch one. The back foot comes forward and slams into the ground as the punch lands. So, you end up in that position. On the way back, we reverse it. One. Yeah. So, you widen your stance. One. And then bring the front foot back when you throw the back hand. Two. Okay. One, two. One, two. These really help with the rotation. Avoid when you're going to be tempted as you go forwards or backwards to have the front foot point. Okay. Make sure you kind of sit down on the punch and let the hips rotate. Get your weight onto this thigh without leaning forward. We don't want to be here, right? And you can mix that up with lead with straight shots and with uppercuts, but we're starting with the lead hand. Okay. Drill number two then, very similar to drill one, but we're going to start with the backhand. There's a temptation sometimes in boxing for us always to begin with lead hand work. Jabs, jabs, jabs. It's good to mix it up. So that's what we're going to do with this one. But it's the same punches. It's the same move. Once you've mastered the first one, you'll get the second one. So same principles. We drive off the back leg. Yeah. Stance stretches. Front foot slams down as the lead hand lands. And then we bring the back foot forward. Okay. With both of these drills, what I noticed with some of the boxes, um, they weren't bringing the rear foot forward when we were throwing the first punch. So, they kind of go like that and that and, you know, they get the spin, but they wouldn't bring it forward. You've got to bring it forward about 6 in to bring the stance back to its with its comfortable position. Okay. But from there, we go one, two. Same on the back. One, two. Right. And you can again go with hooks. One, two. And on the way back, one, two. Yeah. Same principle. Do the good work. As your legs tire, take a break. You know, don't build up a massive sweat on this stuff. Do it right. So, when your legs are tiring, kick the legs off. And, you know, tiredness doesn't help when we're trying to instill technique. Okay. So, that's your second drill. Before we move on to the third one, the end of the video, there's a link for you to go download your book, the beginner boxer tool kit. You're going to love it. Thousands of people have downloaded that book. Free. Something you'll keep coming back to. Okay, drill number three. Right, we're going to mix it up a little bit. Now, we are going to use the roll. I love the roll. It's a really slick move. Let me just show you the roll on its own. So, we're going to do an inside roll. So, if I'm a orthodox against you, I'm going to roll that way. Meaning that I'm coming the ending the move inside any jab that you're throwing. Okay? So, that's why I call it the inside roll. First move is a little slip out. Then we just use the legs to come back to the start. One, two. Think sometimes people get over complicate the roll. One, two. And just come back to the start point, right? Don't do that. Don't need to. One, two. Economy of movement. Here's the sequence. We're going to jab, use the inside roll, push forward. See, my foot's just on the other side of the line. And then we're going to duck and go back to the start point. Let me show you that again. Jab, roll, push forward. Right. So, I'll show you it once from the side. Jab, roll, push forward, push back to the start point. Okay, nice and simple. The jab keeps them occupied. The roll changes your head position on multiple axis. Okay, there round. So, you're very difficult to tag a clean punch on. And then you close the ground. So, you've moved into mid-range. That's drill number three. Two minutes of that. Nice and simple. Okay. Okay. Onto our fourth drill. We are going to evolve drill number three. Right. Let me show you. Jab, roll, push in, left hook, right hook, and push back to the start position. You've got one. Yeah. Slow it down again. One roll. Hook. Hook. Right. Two hooks. If they're worth punching once, they're worth punching twice. Okay, you've covered that ground. You've took the risk with this. Don't just throw one punch. It's a waste of valuable effort and it's a, you know, you're taking risk. So capitalize. Important thing one. And as you roll there, the shot is released here when your hips are here because this is giving you the leverage to put a bit more whack in that hook. So it's one roll from here. One, two. Yeah. I like palm down. Do palm in. I don't care. I think we get too caught up sometimes on whether you have palm in or palm down. On the bags, I like palm in most of the time cuz you can hit with more power. On the bags, if you land them palm down, you've got to drop the power. Doesn't matter against a human skull. Go figure. I can't work that one up. One, two, three. Yeah. Get the rotation. Get the drive off the back foot with that backhand hook. One, two. So, at your fourth drill, four rounds, two minutes each round. Good quality. Don't worry about the work rate. I'd rather you do 10 excellent sequences in a round than 30 average or poor quality ones. Right? It's not about high work rate. It's about high quality. Yeah. Look, you're still here. I'm going to assume you're serious about this stuff. Go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. It's been going for a few years. Thousands of people have downloaded it. How to build the right mindset. Set up your own home gym. 10 basic skills. How to build power. How to build speed. Okay? You will be fitter. You will be stronger. You'll be better at fighting. My name's France Sans. Thank you for watching. I'd love a comment. Let me know what you think. Thank you.