Kind: captions Language: en four boxing drills that will help you be better with your footwork. I was using these drills the other night with the boxers in this gym. Both experienced boxers and absolute beginners. There was no moaning from the experienced boxers about doing the same stuff as the beginners. They know better. This stuff really helps. This stuff really works. Great boxing is not about doing the extraordinary. It's about doing the ordinary extraordinarily well. When you work these drills, it's not about working super hard. It's about working super smart. Don't forget, hit like, and if you enjoy the work I've done here, drop me a comment. That would be amazing. Okay, let's get on with things. The first thing we're going to use is the agility ladder. Okay, if you don't have one of these, they're they're cheap enough to buy or you can draw some lines or tape some lines out on the floor. We're going to keep things really simple. There's all kinds of things you can do with the agility ladder. We are going to keep things nice and simple. I'm an orthodox boxer. I'm in my boxing stance. I want to keep the lead foot inside the square, the rear foot outside the line. This is about being able to move forwards and backwards and keep the discipline of that rear foot. So, what we're going to do, we're going to go two forward, one back, two forward, one back, two forward, one back. And then on the way back, we're going to go two back, one forward, two back, one forward. The reason I like the two and one is because you never just want to launch forwards recklessly. You know, you can go forward in in grades, in steps, and you don't want to just le it backwards. Okay. So, what we're going to do, build up a little bit of speed on this one. We'll push off that leg. One, two, and then push off that leg. One, one, two, one. One, two, one. You see that little rhythm? One, two, one. One, two, one. Yeah. And then on the way back, one, two, one. One, two, one. Yeah. Just keep it going forwards and backwards. Slow it down. If your legs get sore, kick them off. Relax. Okay. As you get confidence, you can then build punches. One, two, one, one. There we go. Easy to get wrong. Okay, that's probably why it's better lines on the floor to be honest with you. One, two, one, one, two, three. Okay, building your shots. One, two, one, two, one, two, one, two. All right. Agility ladder. Cool way of getting that simple movement back and forward. Second drill, the stick bounce. Okay. This is a drill I noticed on Coach Alexe Frolov's YouTube channel. I watched Coach Frolov run a class and I saw some boxers doing this particular move in the background. I absolutely loved it. So, credit to coach Crawler for Co Coach Frolov for this one. Easy for me to say. I'm going to show you the move and then I'll just explain a couple of things about it. Hold the stick in your hands, nice and loose. Don't grab it like you're trying to ring a chicken's neck. Okay. Nice and relaxed in your boxing stance. When you go forward, you go one. When you go backwards, you go one. Yeah. So, you go. Yeah. with a bit of speed. So that's the move one, two, right? What we don't do is this, which is what everyone does when I first showed them this and first asked them to do it. Don't do that. That's the move. One, two. One, two. So what does it replicate? Think about it. One, two. But you're just doing both hands. One, two. Yeah, the stick bounce. Brilliant little drill to help you master that pendulum step, the phased attack movement going back and forwards. Okay, so you see this cone on the floor that kind of represents my opponent's foot. So touching there, coming back a little. What I want to do is get my foot to either side of that cone. So, when we're going that way, and what we're doing is stretching our stance. Back foot stays in the same location. But when we uh when we get across to that side, watch what happens with the back foot. So, that side there. Yeah. Just stretch the stance out to the side of the foot and back. When we're going that way, we need to pivot this rear foot. So, both sides. You see, watch my rear foot. When we're going that way, we'll go that way. It can stay cuz we're not compromising the stance. We're just widening it. Come back. When we're going that way, it has to pivot cuz we want the line on the floor to go from the toe to the heel. Right? If that foot comes across there, I have totally lost all balance. If my feet are on the same line, forget it. Okay. As we go that way, pivot the back foot, then of course you can just add jabs in when you're feeling comfortable. Okay? But don't keep that back foot still when we do the pivot that way. Stays in the same location, but has to pivot on the ball of the foot. So, two cones, one line. I'm starting there. My objective is to move in, get me foot in between those cones, let me shots go, move out. This is about mastering that pendulum step and delivering the best possible one, two that you can throw. Don't cover too much ground. When we're going in, you push off the rear leg. Let the shots go. Okay, that rotation. Push off the front leg. Rotation. Get the jab to be as long as it can off the back leg. drive off the back foot. Hips rotate and then we push back out. Yeah. So, we're going one, two, and out. One, two, and out. Okay. Keeping the line on the floor going from the toe to the heel. If you get to that position, our stance is broke. It's not going to work. I'm really off balance from a lateral point of view. Hooks come in, I'll go stumbling off. So from there, speed of execution. Remember, slow is smooth, smooth is fast. Don't rush this stuff when you're doing the drills. Get it right here. It'll work better in there. Yeah, that's your fourth drill. four twominute rounds. Make sure you rest in between the rounds. Quality stays high. So, it's not about blasting that heart rate through the roof. Look, you're still here. I'm assuming that you're really serious about learning this stuff and being better at it. Go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. How to 68 pages. How to get the right mindset, set up your own home gym, 10 core skills, how to build power, how to build speed. It's all in there. You will get fitter. You will get stronger. You will get better at fighting. There's a link down here and there's a link down below. Enter your email address and I will get that book to you. Okay. Cheers. My name is France Anands. This is my boxing coach.