Kind: captions Language: en If I could show you a nice simple pattern to help you build any boxing combo you want, to help you build those boxing combos to focus on power, speed, and precision. Is that something you'd be interested in? That's what you're getting today. In this video, we're going to build a use a pattern to build a simple four punch combo that will use each of the three punch types that will incorporate offense and defense in the same sequence. You're going to love this and it's only a short video. Okay, before we get going, hit like and subscribe. Really helps me keep the channel going. We've been going since 2010 and I'd like to keep it that way. Okay. Right. Focus on four rounds of drills. That's what we do in here. We have every time we do a training session, we always have a section where every boxer will do four rounds of drills and we work through various sequences. This is one that I worked a couple of weeks ago. Okay, so bear with me. Four rounds, 2 minutes each round. It's not about hard work. It's about building the right quality work. Okay, [clears throat] first round. We're going to start this combo off with a simple in out one with a one, two line on the floor. Goes from the toe to the heel. That's our attack line. Right now, I'm on the edge of range. Once my foot crosses that, I'm at long range, right? And then I'm back to the edge of range. Think about it in that way. So, all we're going to do from there, we're going to push off the back leg, push in with the jab, one, two, and then we're going to push back out to the start point. Right? So, you can slow things right down. Push, drive in. One, two, and push out. Same again. One, two, and push out. Now, if you want to speed it up, if you've got a little bit more balance and experience, maybe get to that level of speed. Yeah. One, two, out. Yeah. In, one, two, and out. One round of that, right? Execute the basics. Well, when you drive the jab out, your elbow doesn't flare up. Go straight out. Maximizes the range. You don't lean forward and then it comes straight back. Backhand, you get lots of rotation. Drive off the back foot. Maximize the range and then we push off that leg to get us back out to the start point. Okay, nice and simple. Do the job right. Okay, then we go on to round two. Round two, we're going to add a hook on the way out. So from there you've got one, two, and then on the way out three. Right. One, two, three. One, two, three. Yeah. People don't often think about throwing hooks on the way out. It can be really effective. Do it at a bit of speed. One, two, [clears throat] three. One, two, three. Yeah. So, you've got your three punch combo. You've got the footwork element. You got your straight shots. You got your hook. Time for the third element. And we're moving into round three. Before we do that, end of the video, you got the chance to download the beginner boxer toolkit, a book I've written designed to help people like you on your boxing journey. You can see at the end of the video. Okay, the third element of our combo, we are going to add in a backhand uppercut. Let me demonstrate and then we'll work through it. So, I'll do it at a steady pace. So, we've got one, two, three, four. Right. Same again. One, two, three, four. Right. So, the uppercut drive off the back foot. Hip comes around and then up at the end so that it'll land vertically there to there. If your arm lands like that, as far as I'm concerned, that's not an uppercut. It's a failed uppercut. Successful. Failed. Now, look, if it lands, all well and good, but think about what an uppercut is designed for. It's designed to split a guard, right? So, if you can bring it up vertically, it's got the best possible chance of splitting that guard. Seems like an odd punch. A an uppercut is a riskladen punch. All right? It's the riskiest punch we throw in boxing. So you got to try and minimize that risk. A lot of people do that with the uppercut. Don't. There. You see how little my hand drops as I throw this uppercut. Right? You'll get the power. You would be amazed. Say you've landed them first three punches. So you've gone one, two, three. You'd be amazed cuz they're not power shots. You'd be amazed how many people just come on, just try and close the ground. So that's what the uppercuts for. One, two, three. Wait that quarter of a second. Pop. Time it. And make it long. That's the position we're in cuz we one two three four. Yeah. That's your uppercut. timing. And then we go into the the last round. We're going to add a roll. You've landed them four shots, then you move your head. The rule every time you especially bent arm punches, if you land in hooks and uppercuts and you keep your head still, then you're going to get what's coming to you. So, what we're going to do, I'll slow it down. One, two, three, four. Roll back to the start. So, if we think about a basic outside roll, we go one, two, all in the legs, slip inside, roll back, come to the start point. Because we've thrown that uppercut, that acts as the first part of the roll. And then just let your legs bring you back to the start point. So all we're going to do is go one, two, one, two. Okay. Combine defense with offense. So you've got full full sequence. One, two, three, four. One more time. One, two, three, four. Four punch sequence. Nice little head movements at the end. Four rounds, 2 minutes each round, 30 seconds rest. Right, you're still here. I'm going to assume that you've enjoyed what you've seen and you want to learn more. Go and download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. I've written this book to help people like you on your boxing journey. mindset to have the how to set up your own home gym, top 10 core skills, how to build power, how to build speed, how to use the heavy bag effectively, and how to get great at shadow boxing. You will be fitter, you will be stronger, you will be better at boxing. Click this link, go and enter your enter your email address, and I will get that book to you. Okay? Look after yourself. My name is France Sans. Thank you for watching. I'll see you in the next video.