Kind: captions Language: en Five ways to land your body hooks. Some up close, some at longer range. If you apply these today, you can really increase your body punching destructive capability. Plus, I'll even show you how to turn body hooks into a big fat old head hook. Right, let's get on to this. Number one, open up the body hooks by using a straight shot to the head before it. Bit like this. Okay, so you can use either straight punch. So, from there, you can use your jab, push off the front leg, straight in like that. I don't worry about that. We're going to be moving in with that one. Straight in there, and then you can slip, hook into the body. From there, you throw the back hand. Yeah? Back hand, good rotation, hips go right the way round, arm goes out nice and straight, and then you bring in the hook there. Good thing, so the difference between them. Number one, when you throw the jab to the head, you can then slip to build up leverage in this leg, throw the hook there. But, when you throw the back hand, you've already got the leverage in that leg because of the rotation. And you throw the hook to there. Shoveling that hook up, so the palm is up. You want the trajectory of the punch, the force to go right the way through the body. You don't punch across the body when you're doing those body shots. Same, you can do the jab there. One, two with the back hand hook. Yeah? One, two. So, occupy them with the head shot to land that longer range body hook behind the elbow into the liver. That's your first one. Number two, this is about overwhelm. It's three straight to the head, two hooks to the body. Bit like this. Okay, so with that one, as I said, this is about overwhelming the opponent. So, you want to move in with the jab. So, you push in with the jab, static with the back hand, in with the final jab, hook, hook. Yeah? So, it's all flow. The body is doing jab, back hand, jab, back hand hook. Lead hand hook. So, you've got that flow of the body as you're moving in. In with the jab, back hand, in with the jab, hook, hook. Yeah? So, it's about power, it's about aggression, trying overwhelm them with the three straight shots to the head. Their hands are going to be coming up here, and that leaves you openings to the body. Nice little combination, that one. Okay, so we're moving up close now. Number three, hook to the head, hook to the body. Looks a bit like this. So, at close range, so we're talking about being power based here. So, from the stance position, hook there. Okay? Drive off that front leg, really drive round. One, slip, hook there. Yeah? One, two. From the side. One, two. Yeah? Really get them legs working on that one. Similarly, you can use the back hand hook. One, two. Yeah? Power, power. Both shots delivered with power, really short. Make sure when you're throwing these hooks to the head, your guard's arms are staying in a in a frontal position. Right? You don't want to bring it back here, bring it round there. One, two. One, two. One, two. Yeah? Head down to body. If you're enjoying these insights and you want a whole lot more, you can go download your book, The Beginner's Boxer's Toolkit. There's a link down below. There will be a link at the end of the video. Join the thousands of others who've downloaded that. Drop an email and I'll get it to you. Okay. Number four, tap and whack. Looks a bit like this. So, this is all about diversion. First punch, nice and soft, you probe. It's a probe, basically, to to draw defenses away from the position where you want to land your shot. So, you can tap up the middle. Yeah? So, just a little tap into there, whack around the sides. Yeah? You can tap up top, up to the head. One, two. Yeah? It's all about diversions. Tap around the sides. Bang. Yeah? Tap there, whack there. Doesn't matter. First punch, drop the power, but just you can, you know, tap it into there, bring the elbow forward, whack it round the side. Have a think about where you want to land that little tap. Up top on the right, down low on the left. Really great little method of diverting the opponent's focus to one area of their body so that you can attack another area of the body. Number five, the stance switch. Like this. So, this is about using our hooks to attack the center line. Normally, we'd be attacking center line with uppercuts or with straight shots. Yeah? From the stance position there, I'm going to stance switch that way and then that way, and I'll explain them to you. Okay? Yeah? There. Okay, stance switching that way, I'm going to push off of that leg. That leg needs to come back about a a distance of a foot, so my toe where it is now needs to be about where my heel is. So, you push there. Back foot comes along. You see the line on the floor goes from the toe to the heel. That opens up the attack to the center line. When we're stance switching that way, push off of that leg. That leg's going to travel in a straight line there. So, now what I am is a southpaw facing that way. Okay? And I can use the the hooks, my back hand's hook, which is now a lead hand hook, to attack the center line. Really aiming for that solar plexus, right in there. Just that chunk of nerves and that little slab of kidney that's slab of liver that's up the middle. Great little shot, that one. Make Tyson special up close. And then our little bonus one, four low, one high. Like this. So, again, this is a diversion. We look close, we want to throw four uh fast hooks up close. No power, go for speed low, power high. So, you're going one, two, three, four, five. Yeah? One, two, three, four, five. One, two, three, four, five. So, from the side. Yeah? Nice little roll after it, then. Have it. One, two, three, four, five. Yeah? Speed low, power high. That them four shots low, bring the arms down. Leaves an opening up there. You're still here, I'm going to assume that you are serious about improving your fight skills and improving yourself. If that's the case, go download your book, The Beginner's Boxer's Toolkit. There's a link here. Click that link, enter your email address, I'll get the book to you. 68 pages packed full of insights, the right mindset, set up your own home gym, top 10 skills, how to build power, how to build speed. You will get fitter, you will get faster. You will get better at boxing. My name is Fran Sands. I'll see you in the next video.