Kind: captions Language: en If you want to build dynamic, intense, and challenging heavy bag workouts, this video is for you. It was inspired by a comment I received from a YouTube subscriber. Basically, how do you beat a mobile, hardworking, active opponent like Alexander Usyk? That should be easy enough. Um, so I've always enjoyed the idea of theming heavy bag workouts. Um, basically trying to emulate a top fighter. So this round we're going to do a threeinut round and within the round I'm going to use four different techniques amongst others. Three of those techniques are us based and one I've sneaked in is a Manny Pacquiao based technique. Now this is all about southpaws orthodox handling opposing stances. Take a look at this round of boxing. While you're watching it, have a think. What kind of themes would you like us to cover in future heavy bag workout videos? Have a look at this video and then I will take you through the techniques that I'm using to make us a bit more usy. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Okay. So, as I said, this is all about opposing stances. Okay, I accept that Usyk is a southpaw. I'm going to demonstrate everything in orthodox. My pair of old smelly trainers on the floor here, they are in the southpaw stance. I need you to visualize you being in the southpaw stance because when it comes to southpaw versus orthodox, orthodox versus southpaw, there are some principles at play. Doesn't matter what stance I demonstrate it in. Usyk is all about controlling orthodox fighters. Okay. Now, of course, Usyk does lots of faints and he keeps the pressure on. He's the ultimate pressure fighter. So, my theory around maybe trying to beat him is trying to out Usyk. Usyk. Okay. So, have a little look at this. Right. Our basic boxing stance. I'm going to piece of chalk. There's our line floor to heel. Simple line. Okay. The first technique that we've used in this video is the pendulum step. It's used extensively in boxing. Okay? And this principle, I'm going to draw another line. So that line is long range and a line about 6 in away from that is out of range. Edge of range. Okay. So we start at edge of range to push off the back leg. We move in and then we move out. The distance between the legs stays the same. The line on the floor continues to go from the toe to the heel. So from there, we've done that. And it's only that small little movements there to there. And then you can put punches into it. So it's one, one, two, one, one, two. Okay. One, two. So you can see I'm just covering that 6 in edge of range, long range back to edge of range. Right? That is a fundamental part of what Usyk does and what lots and lots of boxers do. Particularly those boxers who've carried through a lot of their amateur traits into the pros better BF the list goes on. That's number one. Number two is a bit simpler than that. There's my straight back hand. Okay. Drive off the hips. Drive off the foot. The hips rotate. Arm goes straight out. Yeah. Leave the arm late in the rotation and that will make the punch straighter. What we see do now imagine you're the south ball. You're throwing a jab at me. I can keep my head still when I throw the the back hand or I can take my head off the center line as we throw it. Right. So any jabs come here and we're off to there. Off to the side. I'm moving gradually out to this area here. This is a really important area as we'll cover in the next point. But that's the move there. So there's the straight back hand. There's the back hand taking the head off the line. Right? He'll often as well put a little bend in the arm. Another way of achieving that same outcome, stepping across with the lead foot and then stepping back. So we're going across about 8 in there. And that takes your head off the center line. You'll also find that you can build a little extra power into the shot when you do that one. Okay, so that's number two. Nice and simple, right? I talked about this area. When it comes to orthodox versus southpaw, southpaw versus orthodox, a big part of it is trying to dominate this space. Cuz if you think about it, if I'm stood here and you're a Southport, I'm open to all of your punches, your heavy artillery, your jabs, your backhands, your hooks, everything. If I can get to here, think about throwing your left hand, your straight left hand to me, you're going to be reaching across. You can see here that your even your jab is going to be coming out at an angle. So, it's going to be less effective. So, dominating this space is really important. Usyk does it in a brilliant way. Right. Again, we'll get our choco out. We start here. So, he will jab and do an angled side step across. So, we'll go one. Right. There's our line. Okay. Two. Okay. So, you can see where we've gone there. Absolutely dominating the safe zone. One. Two. Yeah. opens up that attack line. Bang. Hook down the middle. Yeah, that's an amazingly effective skill. So, the lead hands here, you're blocking, jabs coming your way. Block, jab. Well, you can even hook there. So, I just You could throw a jab, hook, hook. Yeah. The key thing is I've got the southpaw in a world of trouble here. often they will then try and do the same and they'll try and get their lead foot outside mine. Another way of doing it is doing a bit of a pivot. So you can step across with the lead foot, hook around. One, two, three. Dominating the safe zone for me. Here is the strike zone. That's a bit of a problem unless you do a little Manny Pacquiao skill. So, we talked about the pendulum step, right? Pacquiao has a wonderful way of doing it. Generally speaking, if you are an orthodox fighter and you're coming up against a southcore, common technique is to use your straight right hand. Use lots of straight right hands. Uh similarly, the long way around southpaws, the straight left hand is really effective. Again, you're a southpaw. You're in these shoes. If I'm here, if I'm moving across this way, you're going to feel he's open here for my straight right, straight left hand as a south ball. Um, obviously, we've talked about the safe zone. So, what Pacquiao does, he kind of uses a an an adapted pendulum step. So, we talked about the pendulum step in and out, in and out. What Pacquiao will do, he'll throw the jab, he'll push across that way, but he'll move out slightly. Do you see this line on the floor? So, he goes one and then comes back in with the one, two. So, as he moves that way, he's moving 6 in further out. In our case, you as the Southport opponent think I can hit him with my left hand, but I've moved six inches further away without you really feeling that move. Any shots you throw are going to fall short. Move back in. Bang. Did that really well. It's like when when he KO'ed Ricky Hatton, it was that type of move. So, there we go. One on two. Yeah. So, out, back in, straight across. Thor techniques. If all of that doesn't work, you can just charge down. You sick like a lunatic. Probably going to get yourself hurt. But, I mean, you know, he fights big guys. Quite why none of them have kind of just covered up and walked him down and tried to turn the pressure back on him. Rough him up. forearms, elbows, you name it. I mean, he's top class, isn't he? He's top class. Have I missed anything or have I got anything wrong? I'd love to get your thoughts. And don't forget, whatever you'd like to see in the next video. If you want a drill pattern to help you deal with this stuff, click the link below or there should be a link here. And you can also get my book, The Beginner Boxer of Toolkit, all free. And you'll get a load of follow-up videos because you'll be on my personal email list. Hope you've enjoyed that video. Don't forget, drop a comment, hit subscribe. I'll see you in the next one.