Kind: captions Language: en Now, you might be the toughest guy this side of Coyote Creek, able to take head shots all day long and priding yourself upon that, but I guarantee you a wellplaced liver shot ends you. All right, I've took a few in me time and I've always wondered why they hurt it so much. So, I've done a little bit of searching. Let me read this out to you. A blow to the liver hurts so much because it's a large sensitive organ and impact triggers a powerful nerve response in the vagus nerve causing a sudden drop in blood pressure and heart rate leading to nausea, dizziness and temporary paralysis while also compressing blood vessels and disrupting breathing. This physiological shutdown called vasovagal syncopy makes the body shut down despite remaining conscious allowing you to feel the intense pain fully. Now who would not want to inflict that on a fellow human? In this video I'm going to show you how to find the liver and I'm going to give you six ideas to hit it. Don't forget if you're enjoying the work I'm doing here, hit like, hit subscribe. Okay, let's get started. Finding the liver. The liver is a pretty big organ. Simple tip to think about it. We're not surgeons, but we are fighters. So, we just want to approximate where it is so that we can land shots on it. Find your sternum. Okay. Couple of fingers below that. That's the left lobe of your liver. So, it actually comes across into the center of your body. And then it's all over this side. Most of it is protected behind the rib cage, but there is a an amount of it that is exposed below the rib cage. of you. Take them two fingers and generally whenever I coach anyone to throw body shots, I always take them two fingers and then take an inverted letter V all the way down just below the ribs. Don't bother going for the ribs in a boxing ring. The ribs are tough structure. All of your sensitive organs are in there. Don't bother just below the ribs. So, this is our place of interest on the right side of the opponent's body and into the center. So center line and flank. Let's think about the ways of hitting this. Way number one, straight shots, right? Long range in your boxing stance. Simple jab. From there, drop, fire out. Yeah. So you drop the knees, fire the shot out. Same with the back hand. Drop, fire. With the backhand, we're driving off the Now both of these shots, punches always start at the feet. They don't start up here. Okay. So, with the jab, drop, push off the front leg. Bang. Get the rotation right. Line going from your knuckle to the shoulder so that you're maximizing distance. Same with the back hand. Drop down. Drive off the back foot. Hip rotation into the chest. Perfect. Or into the solar plexus just below the the sternum. Ideal against an advancing opponent. Now, you might think, oh, a jab, a stiff jab to the to the to the liver, to the center of mass, it can hurt. Okay? And it's it's great setup punch. But use them long range punches when an opponent is advancing. Might be ideal in a sort of street fighting, self-defense situation. I don't know. I'm not a self-defense guy. I'm not a street fighting expert. But it strikes me that if someone's running at you, bang, right in the center, that should help them rethink their strategy. On a heavy bag, it looks a bit like this. Okay, idea number two, still attacking the center line, still coming in from range, we can use the uppercut. Either the backhand uppercut or the lead hand uppercut. So backhand uppercut into the body, drop the knees slightly, drive off the back leg. Now this hip has to come round and then at the end, lift slightly this one. So you're there and then it goes up the middle. It lands on a perfectly vertical plane. This hand stays here. When you're attacking the body with the uppercut, try and make it so that you feel your own elbow graze your own rib. That way you'll know it's on the vertical plane. Now you want to use that behind the long jaw shot. So if you were using the backhand, you could use the jab and then bring that uppercut the middle. Same as the left lead hand uppercut. From there, drive off the front leg. The hip goes around and up. Elbow stays close to your own rib and up into the middle there. So, it's bang. Lead hand there. Back hand there. Lead back hand. And if you throw them behind shots, you've got one, two, one, two. Looks a bit like this on the back. Okay. Okay, so then straight shots before your uppercut, they give you cover, okay? They keep the opponent occupied while you're letting that shot go up the middle. Okay, so let's think about attacking the center line when we're up close. Of course, we can use our uppercuts like we've just shown. Bang, bang. We're right on top of each other. But you can also use the stance switch. That way, you can use the lead hook or the hook. Usually when you throw a hook, you're attacking the flanks, aren't you? But if you use the stand switch, you can attack the center line. So if I'm going to stand switch to my left, push off that leg, and now I become a southpaw facing that way. Really simple. From there, push off that leg, that leg goes across, and now I'm a southpaw facing that way. Bang. Right hand hook into the center line, into the liver, right up the middle. Yeah. Stand. Switch that way. Push off that leg. Back leg comes around to there. Okay. So, we've switched and we're orthodox facing that way, but I've opened up the center line to attack there. Stand switch that way. Push there. Bang. Stand. Switch that way. Push off there. Back foot comes around and over to there. Okay. Let that go. It looks a bit like this on the back. Relax. [snorts] Okay. Left hook to the body. This is your classic liver punch. orthodox against orthodox. This is the one that really gives results when we're targeting the liver because it allows you, if you're throwing a left hook at me, you've got that lovely little spot just below the lowest rib to target into. Now, normally a left hook to the body, you can drop the knees, drive off the front leg, and it's there. Okay? So, you want it to be going upwards. We want to we want our arm on a roughly 45° angle. That means when that lands, the force of the punch is going through the maximum amount of the body. If you do that and hit it across, the force is going across there. You're not really going to hit any of those major organs that you're looking to target. In our case, the liver. But here's the thing. When you want to add more power to a left hook, either follow it up or or either use a right hand punch before it or do a slip. So, if we do a right hand punch, we throw the back hand. And you can see I've rotated. I've got energy built up in this thigh. Bang. Yeah. One, two. You can see you've developed, you get more leverage to let that hook go. Alternatively, do a slip and then let it go. So, a really common way of deploying the left hook when you're coming in from long range, throw your long range punches. Bang. Bring it in afterwards. The punches to the head. Keep the guy occupied. Hands come up. Opening. There might look a bit like this on the heavy back. You want to land the left hook to the liver when you are up close. Good rule when you attack the head, an opening comes in the body. Okay? So when you go up top, some opportunity offers itself down low. So you can throw the hook to the head. Hands will come up, lift the elbow, bang, bang. Remember what we talked about in the previous one, putting the slip into the second hook. So you can go bang with the first hook. Yeah. And then slip, bang with the second hook. So it's one, two. Yeah. You can do it with a right hand, right hook. So you can go bang. Builds up energy here. Whack. Yeah. Attacking the head brings openings to the body. The old other saying is that if you may attack the body and the head will fall. We're just reversing that. We're creating an opening down below. You can also use the uppercut of course. One, two, or there. One slip two. Few variations. Looks like this on the back. Hey. Okay, idea number six, tap and whack. This is something that I used to love watching the late great Ricky Hatton do. Um, so little diversion. Tap up the middle. Boom. Whack around the side. Tapping up the middle brings the arm forward leaves an opening. Minor thing. You got to be quick with that second hook. Okay. So you can tap, bang, tap, whack. Yeah, the speed of execution of the second hook is key because the little tap will bring the arm forward momentarily or can bring the arm form forward momentarily. That's when you whack the hook in. Looks a bit like this on the heavy back. Okay, you are still here. That means to me that you are serious about wanting to learn more and understand this stuff. If that's the case, go download your book, The Beginner Box Toolkit. is a book I've written in order to help people like you get the very best out of themselves. 68 pages, how to build your mindset to setting up your own home gym, how to lay down the 10 basic core skills or how to build real power and strength. Click the link uh at the end of this video which is coming up about now and there's a link down below as well. You will get fitter, you will get stronger, you will get better at fighting. Thank you very much. I will see you in the next video.