Kind: captions Language: en pivots. For me, the most versatile footwork skill you can learn. You've got front foot pivots, you've got rear foot pivots, you've got attack, you've got defense. And in this video, I'm going to give you all you need to get to get a solid grounding in the use of pivots. We're going to go through the basic skills. We're going to do some really simple drills and then I'm going to talk you through some variations. One of those variations I regularly see being coached on YouTube. I use the word coached in inverted commas. You've got to be very careful when doing that one. Okay, let's look at our drills. Um, let's sorry, our skills. Two types of pivot. Front foot pivot, lead foot pivot. Front foot pivot. Starting in a boxing stance. Remember the basics about a boxing stance. You always want a line going from the toe on the front foot to the heel on the back foot. balls of your feet, body pointing towards the threat, and body weight kind of central or on the back leg. Okay, front foot pivots. I want to pivot that way. From there, I'm going to push off that leg and we're going to work in 45° pivots. Okay, so just from there to there and there. You could do 90°. I see some people coach 180°, not offering me that, but you know, free world and all that. Push off that leg. push across to there. Front foot pivots. We're going to uh pivot that way. Push off this leg. And a little bit of help from this leg. So from there and across to there. Okay. You can see that it takes my head off the center line. Yeah. Great skill. Really good to learn. One of the ones I get boxes working on quite early. some of the issues with the with the front foot pivot that I see. Don't tilt your weight forward. There is an urge to do that to let your body weight go forward. General rule, don't let your nose go past the line of your knee. Okay. Um there is sometimes focus on the feet. The hands come down here and generally speaking for a pivot keep them hands up nice and tight. Front foot. Um, sometimes young boxers will do that. They won't actually pivot the front foot. So, make sure when you're initiating the pivot, you're on the ball of the foot. Okay, there the basics of the front foot pivot. What about the rear foot pivot? So, think about front foot pivot generally I like to think about as it's a bit more the rear foot pivot really is about ring general shape. It's about taking the center of the ring and being able to target shift position in an efficient way to keep the guy in your in your uh crosshairs. Okay, everyone going to pivot that way. Push off the rear leg. Front foot has to help as well. Push to there. Yeah. Okay. So again, body weight is always dropping back. Yeah, we don't want to drop the push the body weight forward. Much easier to drop the body weight back on the rear foot pivot than on the front foot pivot. There's the move move again. Drop back and across. Rear foot spins. We're going to go that way. Definite push off that leg and back. Right. Really simple. Similar problems to the front foot. Really make sure those the balls of the feet are engaged with the floor. Keep the hands up. This is great footwork, right? For me, I just think great footwork is about providing a great platform for attack, a great platform for defense. That what that's what this stuff is. Front foot pivot, rear foot pivot. What about some simple skills? Because drills built the skills, skills pay the bills, as they say. Let's think about doing some really simple skills. Three points. Got four points. One, two, three, four. Really simple. We're going to move between these four points. This is a front foot pivot exercise. From there, cross. Front foot pivot back. Yeah. Don't have to go all the way back. It just gives you that guy generally. Again, cross, push, flat, leg, spin round. Line on the floor always wants to go to the from the toe on the front foot to the heel on the back foot. Don't get to this position where we lose that line. Push back. Push forward that leg. Push around. So, what you're getting is the pivots in both ways. And you're able to do that. Then we can do the rear foot pivot drill. I could do a fancy edit for this, couldn't I? But it's a bit more It's more authentic, isn't it? This is how I do it in the gym. This is what I do in here most nights of the week with the kids, the young boxers. Okay, so this one we're going to push forward, push back, drop back. Okay, push off that front foot. Same again. Push off the rear foot. Okay, same principle, small movements moving between those points. Really simple. Let's think about some variations. Okay. Um, when do we punch? We punch before, we punch during, we punch after. Punching before. Bang. Pivot. And one, two, three. Any punch. Punch before, punch during, punch after. What about that punch during the hook and the uppercut work great at all ranges? So I can go. Yeah. Um lead hand is really good. Back hand is a bit more awkward. So you generally before or after when you're using the rear hand, you know, you get you can get a bit you kind of become a bit clumsy with the punch if you try doing the back hand with a with a pivot. So you can drill that before, during, after. Yeah, nice and simple. As in a door makes you even more defensively effective. Pivot and do. Pivot and duck. Not the rear foot. Pivot and duck. Okay. Add in a slip. So there's your slip, slip. I see some people coach the pivot that you always step with the lead foot before you pivot. I don't agree. Right. It's a good way of doing things. I do coach you, but from there you'd step across there and then you pivot nice and neat. Again, you can do it with the the duck as well. So, feel free to do that step across. It's a good little skill. However, I see people on YouTube, Instagram do this and they do it to music or whatever. They step across there and then they pivot there. So to kind of get the that effect right they feel that going is okay. Now big word of warning as a be if you're a beginner don't do that right just live without live with the fact that you can do a lead foot step across and and go that way. Most you'll find in boxing, most of the things you do on your lead foot side are a bit easier than the things you do on the rear foot side. But you've got that balance because you're moving into big right hands. Okay? So, you got to be careful. What happens if I take a punch when I'm in that position? I tell you what happens. I'm in a show of trouble. Okay? You know, I'm going to get myself hurt. Don't cross your legs. It's a fundamental fault when we move sidewards. So why do we think it's okay to do that? If you're going to do this, how do I describe it? If you're going to do this fancy stuff with your feet, make sure you've got a lot of experience under your belt, right? So that you know exactly when you can do it and exactly when you shouldn't do it. As a beginner, don't do that skill, right? It will get you hurt. Okay, I'm going to stop. I'd really enjoy. It'd be great if you could hit a like or drop a sub a subscribe on the channel. I'd love to hear a comment. Has it helped you? Is it given you something to work on? Um, look, my name's France Sans. Thank you for watching. Don't forget, go download your book, The Beginner Box Toolkit. I will see you in the next video.