Kind: captions Language: en One three minute heavy background in the style of Rocky Miano. Now this is killer. It's super tough. If you want raw, hard punching violence, Rocky's your go-to guy. Watch this following video. It's me doing three minute rounds and then after that I'm going to give you three guiding principles to help you emulate the rock in your heavy bag work or your shadow boxing work. But on the bag, it's particularly tough. Um, if you enjoy the video, if you find it helpful, don't forget like and subscribe. It will really help me out. Uh, have a look at this and then stick around and I'll talk you through how you can emulate Rocky. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, come here. Come on. That is hard work. Honestly, it's tough. Um, and I'll explain why in a moment. Let's cover these three guiding principles. Rocky Marsiano, um, his stance and overall approach. flat feet, narrow stance. He's an inch and he he bends off to the side. That's for defensive effectiveness. It makes opponents overreach with their right hand and it brings them into his strike zone. Then um now he he's an incher. He inches forward and the left hand's always quite busy. It's either popping out or it's up and down trying to trigger the opponent. Deceptively clever. It's raw. It's blunt. It's blunt force trauma. But it's really work. It really works well. Once he's in punching range, that stance will widen. It will square. It doesn't matter. He needs to get himself from long range. And he's edging forward, waist over, getting into that close range so that he can do his damage. That's the first thing. Narrow the stance, flatten the feet. Right. Second thing, his attack sequences. He doesn't throw combinations. His first primary attack sequence. We talked about the narrow stance, inching, bent over, so his weight on this leg. And then he'll bring that back hand over. So the his Suzie Q called it. And he'll bring that over in hook. straightening it up a little bit, but he just bangs away head and body the Suzie Q there. And you can generate lots of power in that. Now, here's the thing. It's 100% power. He doesn't throw combinations. Um, but in my mind, every single punch you throw has to be 100% power. And it's sometimes it's difficult to maintain your punching technique doing that, but you've got to try. So, that's one of the reasons it's deceptively difficult. It's easy to lose all of your shape and start going wild, but you've got to try and maintain the integrity of those punches. Okay. From there, there bang. Big hooks, big right hands over the top. The second attack sequence he has is the jab and hook. So, a jab, jab, jab, jab, bang, jab, jab, jab, bang. head and body coming off that jab, switching there, and then maximizing the power into the punch. Rocky Marciano is the boxing equivalent of carpet bombing, right? He's not about precision attacks. He's about area bombing, smashing the head, smashing the body with power shots, singles, like a metronome. He just keeps going. When he gets up close, he'll smash uppercuts in. He'll use the forearms. He'll use the head. There's no politeness in this boxing style. 100% destructive power. That's what you're going for with every punch. Principle number three, grit and determination. His style, as I said before, it's like one of them. It's a metronome. Tick tock. and he just keeps going. His conditioning, unbelievable. I think he was probably ahead of his time in terms of his ability to maintain those power shots, loading up throughout the fight. He sacrificed combinations for big booming punches. So, we load up. Now, when you load up, it's very tiring. It's hard work. So, you've got to maximize the breathing. Towards the end of that round, you'll have heard my breathing really exaggerate. I was just all my brain was saying was get more oxygen in in between the punches because you you're m whacking the shots in in between those shots. Fill the lungs. Get as much oxygen in as you can. Right? That's all my brain was telling me. So do that. There's three principles. Enjoy that heavy background. If you want to learn more, if you want to understand more of me, go download my book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit, seven tools, 68 pages, how to prepare your mindset, home gym, top 10 skills, the ideal training regime, build power, build speed. There's loads in there. Plus, I'll send you a load of nice follow-on videos to help you develop your fighting style. Click the link below or click the link here. Don't forget, let me know what you think about this. Are there other styles that you'd like to see? Okay, take care of yourself and enjoy that heavy bag round.