Kind: captions Language: en Two minute rounds. How hard can it be? Easy, right? Well, we're going to find out. You younger people, let's see if you can keep up with a a middle-aged daughter like me. You middle-aged people like me, I've got a feeling you will keep up cuz you're probably just as stubborn as I am. But this will be, I guarantee, one of the toughest pure boxing workouts you can do, right? And we only do two-minute rounds, but there are a couple of key differences. We've got a three phase session. We've got a warm up, we've got shadow boxing, and we've got heavy bag. But the great thing is there's a condition on this stuff that actually helps you appreciate the beyond punching part of boxing. All right? Cuz you're not a boxer if you think it's just about punching. It isn't. In this workout, you'll get to see why. All you need is a set of wraps, pair of gloves, and a drink to hand. Okay? This is going to be great. You're going to love it. Before we get going, go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. 68 pages packed full of insights to help you on your boxing journey. Get the right mindset, the 10 home gym essentials, the top 10 basic skills, uh how to understand your training regime, the five building blocks of power, seven steps to lightning speed, how to lay down the ideal shadow boxing session, how to lay down the ideal heavy bag session. It will get you fitter. It will get you stronger. It will help you be better at fighting. There's a link in the description. There'll be a link at the end. Okay, we're going to get started. Straight into our warm up. Have a go at this. We're just going to start by bouncing on the spot. 20 seconds we're going to do here. Just make sure you're getting that rhythmic bounce. Weight shifting from one leg to the other. Both feet landing at the same time. That's 10 seconds down. Just gentle bouncing. Okay, start picking her up a little bit. We're going to move on to next shuffles. Shuffle those feet in and out nice and fast. Keep the feet in contact with the ground. And crosses. And shuffle. And crosses. 15 seconds down. Keep going. and shuffle and cross and shuffle. 5 seconds to go. Keep it there. Keep it there. Keep it there. Okay. Into your stance. Forwards and backwards. Moving forwards. We in your normal stance and backwards. Maintain the distance between the stance. Do not bring your legs together. Okay. Switch stance. So if you're southpaw, switch to orthodox. If you're orthodox, switch to southpaw. That's it. Gentle moving back and forwards. 20 seconds gone. Okay. Now, start using some jabs as you're moving forward. And jabs as you're moving back. And switch stance. And switch stance again. That's 5 seconds. Okay. In your stance, when I shout now, you're going to do a 90° switch and you're going to throw 10 shots fast and hard. Fast as you can, hard as you can in your stance. Get yourself ready. Now. Excellent. And again. Now. And again. Now. Fast and hard. Fast and hard with them shots. Do not get slack. Now, quick as you can. As soon as you hear my voice command, you switch the 90° and you fire the shots. Now, now. Okay. Bouncing on the spot again. Hands on your backside. Flicking up your heels. Get your heels flicking up to hit your the palm of your hands. That's it. Nice stretch on the front of the thigh. Heels up. Heels up. 10 seconds to go. Keep it going. Keep it going. Last 5 seconds. That's it. Good heel flicks. Okay. down into hip twists. Get a real good pivot, full maximum rotation on those hip twists. Really get a good twist. Make sure we're really loosening up those hips. Feet together. Maximum amount of pivot. Keep it going. Okay, time bouncing windmills forwards. Keep going. Big maximum range of movement with those windmills and backwards. We want really full maximum rotation of the shoulder joints. And forwards with the windmills. Nice and relaxed. Get it in time with the bounce. In time with the bounce. Keep going. Last five seconds. I'm backwards with the windmills. Keep going. Really roll those shoulders. Full movement. Okay. Stay bent over. Let's roll with those arms. Go fast. Nice hooked over arms wrapped over the top of your head. Really wind your arms and shoulders as quickly as you can go. That's 10 seconds down. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. 5 seconds. Keep going. Keep going. Don't give in. Don't give in. Keep going. Okay. Up you get into star jumps. Nice big rangy star jumps. Hands touch above the head. Get the upper body and lower body in coordination. 10 seconds down. We've got 20 seconds more star jumps to keep to go. So, keep on working. Keep it going. Keep going. 15 seconds down. Don't lose the quality. Now, look. Get your breathing right. If you're start, you must be starting to breathe heavy now. The heart rate's going up. Do not pant. Get control of your breathing. And into spotty dog. Let's do 30 seconds of spotty dog. So, let's get a maximum lift of the arm down to the sides and then up way above your head. Breathe as you're doing this. Get a rhythmic breathing going. Must maximize your oxygen intake as you're moving through. Keep on going. Keep on going. 15 seconds down. That's 20 seconds. Keep the breathing going. Do not hold your breath. Do not pant like a dog. 5 seconds to go. Keep it there. Keep it there. Okay. into spotty dog. Away uh sorry, chest jumps out from the chest. Keep your arms at shoulder height. Arms at shoulder height. Keep going. Nice back as you get to the back. Really push that chest out. Again, get your breathing right. Keep the breathing going. Keep the breathing going. 10 seconds to go. Keep the breathing going. Coming up towards the end. 5 seconds. Coming up towards the end of our warm up now. You're doing really well. Okay, time. Running on the spot. Punching straight out in front. Knees up nice and high. Arms really straight. Good. Solid straight punching. Keep going. Breathe. 10 seconds down. This is really important now that you really get that maximized oxygen intake. So, as you're running, get that breathing regime going. 10 seconds. Splints now. Fast, fast, fast. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. 5 seconds. Keep going. Okay, down you go. 10 seconds of burpees. Go from now. One, two, three. Get as many out as you can. Five. Six. Nine. 10. Up. You get running on the spot again. Come on. Knees up. Punching straight out in front. Knees up. Let's go. Punching straight out. Punching straight out. 30 seconds. 10 seconds down. Keep going. Keep going. Doing really well. Coming right up to the end of our sprint. Now we got a couple of exercises after this. 15 seconds. Get ready for your 10 second sprint. 10 seconds. Go. Sprint. Fast. Fast. Fast. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. 5 seconds. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. 15 seconds of squat thrust we're going to do now. Let's hammer those legs in and out. Let's go. Let's go. 15 seconds. That's five gone. Keep going. Keep going. That's 10 gone. 5 seconds to go. You've got a 30 second sprint to finish this off. Get ready. Up. You get now. Up. Up. Okay. 30 seconds to go. Running on the spot. Punching straight out in front. 25 seconds to go. You need to be picking this pace up now. You need to be working up towards a maximum sprint. 10 seconds. Keep going. 15 seconds gone. You're into the last 15 seconds. Keep working. Keep working. Really want you hammering out that sprint now. 10 seconds. Keep going. 5 seconds to go. 5 seconds. Nearly there. Nearly there. Nearly there. Okay. Time. Right. Breathe. Get control of your breathing. Walk around. Full deep breaths. Get control of your breathing. Okay, you have a one minute rest before we get started on our shadow boxing. So, deep breaths in through the nose, out through the mouth. Your legs will be a bit tired after that. I'd be amazed if they weren't. You've got to shake your legs off to get the blood flow down to the legs. Right. How we tackle these rounds of boxing. Keep your breathing going. Deep breaths in through the nose, out through the mouth. In round one, we throw one punch. In round two, we throw no less than two punches. In round three, we throw no less than three punches. In round four, we throw no less than four punches. Your rest period is not a minute, it's 30 seconds. So, we are going to do four two-minute rounds with 30 seconds rest in between. Uh, you've got 15 seconds. Shake off. Get yourself ready for your first round of shadow boxing. Last few big deep breaths. Nice big deep breaths. And we're going to go into our first round of shadow boxing. Okay, we're going to start on our first round of shadow box. Right, you have space, okay? You're not tied to a fixed position as you are with a heavy bag. So, make use of it. Get on the balls of the feet. Move around. Single punches in this round. So, we're trying to get into the flow of the round. Just trying to get a feel for where we are and what we're doing. Think about what you're doing in between the punches. slips, ducks, rolls, faints, all of these add pressure to the opponent. And if you if you want to be good at boxing and you you want to try and you want to try and instill pressure onto the opponent, and that's what we're doing here with the slips and the ducks as well as being defensive. So, after you've landed your shots, move, shift position, don't stay still. If you're up close, where are your guard's arms? Keep them in a good guard position because punches come back. So, make sure that you've got the basics. The hands are in a good guard position. When you throw your punches, they're retracting. So, at all times, you're thinking about defense. It's not just about throwing punches. Think about actual punches coming back at you. You're not just in a ring on your own or in a space on your own. Visualize an opponent. Visualize someone who's coming towards you, who's throwing punches back at you. So, you need to have a good guard position. And because we're in sort of low work rate here, really make sure that you're breathing. Try and get active recovery. So, as you as you're boxing, as you're throwing punches, get the breathing working, okay? Make sure that you are um taking in good amounts of oxygen as you work because you're going to need that later on as because we've only got 30 seconds rest and keep popping the shots, singles and doubles. Get the breathing right and shift position after you throw your punches. Okay, time. That's the end of the first round. You've just got 30 seconds now. So, try and make the most of it. Really deep breaths. You see, I'm stretching off my leg. My legs are still tied after that warm up and it's been a while since I've done a warmup of that particular nature. So, make sure you're stretching your legs, kick your legs off, get the blood flow. Same with your arms. Same with your hands. Um, if you in the guard position, if you if your arms are getting tired, shaking them off will help blood flow down. Okay, into our second round. So, we're working with two punches now. No less than two shots. Uh again, let's see if we can keep that head moving after you've landed your shots. Change position. Change position to make sure that you're not an easy target. If you're going to throw hooks, you'll find that your as you build up through these combinations, you'll find that your feet will want to be a bit more static. So, it's probably even more important then to have that head movement, to have the guards in a really good position just to make sure that you're not taking punches as the shots come back. Think about the rotation. Ask yourself the question as you're working, is are the quality of my punches the right quality? Are they accelerating, snapping onto the target, coming straight back? They're not being sloppy and drooping drooping as as they return into the guard position. Am I getting the right rotation from the hips? So, we're driving punches from the feet um so that they you're getting the right power. And again, two punch combinations. A double jab, you know, double jab is a great little combination, a simple one, two, and sometimes we get too caught up in trying to make things fancy. With that combination, you can get a sl jab, slip, and hook, jab, slip, and hook. Try and roll after the hook as well. So that you again, you're just that overall boxing style is much more expansive. Again, double jab, double jab. If in doubt, jab it out, jab, lay back, jab. So we're even with our just with our with our two punch combinations, we're thinking about um counter punching. So do your first jab, lay back onto the rear leg, and come back with the second jab. Keep on top of the work. Okay, time. Rest. Deep breaths. Even if you're not feeling that tired, the fact is you're going to need to oxygenate the body for when you do get tired. If you're just panting now or if you're just breathing normally, you're not going to oxygenate the arms and legs enough to make sure that you've got everything you need for these later rounds cuz this 30 seconds rest. It's not a lot. Okay, there it goes. Off into the third round. Now we're pushing into three punch combinations. So don't forget combinations can be split by other skills. So you could do a one, two, roll right hand, right? So you can incorporate slips and head movement and footwork skills into your combinations. Jab, lay back, double jab. When you are doing multiple jabs, you're either going to be doing them going forward or going backwards. Try not to jab from a static a double jab from a static position. And as you're giving up ground, make sure you're throwing punches as you go back. Don't just give ground up for no good reason. And if you're imagining you're up close, whack them body hooks in, bring the uppercuts up through the middle, and you land a shot to the body. There is often an opening then to the head. So work those combinations. Left hook, body, left hook, head, right uppercut head, attacking the center line and the flanks. builds in the pivots as well. Especially um if you're imagine you're backing up coming to the ropes and you're throwing three shots, pivot off with the final shot so that the you're not pinned to those ropes up close hands in a good guard position. Keep reminding yourself of the basics. What's your stance like? Are you getting good rotation driving the punches from the feet? &gt;&gt; Are you maintaining a good distance between the feet? Are you settling in and making sure that your shots are clean, clear, and straight? And then when the hooks are going, they're being efficient and coming right back to the same position. Three shots, no less than three. You're going to be wanting to dig in a bit now. Dig in with the these little three shot combinations. Vary them. Okay, time coming up to our last round now. So, really nice big deep breaths. In through the nose, out through the mouth. Really make those breaths as deep as you can. Hold it. And then exhale. Shake the legs off. Shake the arms off. Cuz we're getting into tough territory now. We're getting into four punch combinations. Get yourself ready. Okay, going into the fourth round now. Four punch combos. You're going to have to dig in now. Keep pushing, keep working. Yeah, your feet might want to start plant now. And it's especially true when you get tired. So, if you're recognizing that your feet are are being a bit um you're not moving around as much on your feet, try and translate that into a good guard so that um and good head movement so that you accommodate for the fact that you're not being particularly mobile with the feet. You just got to dig in now. Four hooks up close. Really drive them up in front of your face. Keep everything short. Okay. Triple jab on a right hand. That's again keeping people on the end of your shot. If you are tireing out, if you're tired out, straight punches are the most energy efficient. Yeah. It's when you start throwing the big hooks and uppercuts. That's when you you use many more muscles to do them shots. Straight shots are cleaner, are more efficient. You can keep the range, keep the opponents at range. That's it. Keep pushing through. Now, four punch combos. You just got to dig in. Let them go. Keep the discipline. Guard position. Hands up nice and high. No less than four. And double jab. Right hand, left hook. Four punches on the retreat. Uppercuts go well with hooks. Hooks go well with uppercuts. Keep pushing. Going up to the end of the round now. Drive out this final few combinations. Really push it out. Good stuff. Keep going. Keep going. And there we go. Deep breaths in through your nose, out through your mouth. &gt;&gt; Okay, you have one minute. Get yourself a quick drink. Get your gloves ready to go on. Okay, let's get your gloves on. Um, we're going to do the same on the heavy bag. Now, look, you've been mobile during the shadow boxing. You've done that workout. Your legs, again, this is what we see. You know, it's not just about the upper half. Your legs take an absolute battering in boxing when you're doing it properly. Shake the legs off. Get yourself ready. Nice deep breaths. You've got 30 seconds before we start our heavy bag round. Same conditions. Round one, one punch. Round two, two punches. Round three, three punches. Round four, four punches. 30 second rest in between the two minute rounds. 20 seconds to go. Nice big deep breaths. Fill them lungs. Be disciplined. Okay, get the breathing discipline right. 10 seconds. You're going to get ready now and you're going to hit out at this bag work. Last five seconds. Deep breaths and away you go into your heavy bag work. Okay, into our heavy bag round. First round, single punches. Hands nice and high. Lots of faints. Popping these shots out. As much of this is about just keeping the discipline of the hands. You can see his head movement there. We're making faints and shift position. Move in, land the shot, move out. Any any punches coming back, you want them to fall short. You don't want to make yourself an easy target. And as much of this work that we're doing here is about challenging the brain and your boxing brain as well as just physical aspects of doing the work. That's it. Keep the pressure on. You're up close single shots. Good guard position. Dig them hooks into the body, into the head, driving the punch from the feet. Don't let them become arm punches. See, pot shots. Nice in. Pop the shot out. Try and look good. Keep the hands up. Good rotation of the hips. Making sure that you are landing those shots and that they are going to land with some good force. You're not Ricky Hatton said, this is not a tickling contest. So, keep it going. Keep the work rate up. Just because you're throwing singles, make the shots clean. Dig them into the body. Dig them into the head. Again, check. Watch your hand position. Is your chin down? Okay, you're not squaring up even a big target. When you're punching to the body when you're throwing straight punches to the body, make sure you bend your knees. And if you get up close to the bag, you can square up a little bit. That will help you add power to those hooks and add power to those up cuts. End of the round. Okay. Deep breaths. Fill the lungs. In through the nose, out through the mouth. In through the nose, out through the mouth. Keep it going. Deep breaths. You're going to need all of this oxygen in your system cuz the next few rounds. It's only going to get more tough in this next round. We're going to be throwing no less than two shots. Straight in with a one, two, just your default combination or the two one. Fire them straight shots. Keep them clean out back. They are fighters. You can work off that jab. Work the jab off and throw hooks off the jab. Switch from head to body and body to head. Whip the uppercut into the body on the back. Hand to the head. Little roll. So again, do your faints on the way in. Roll the head. Don't be don't don't settle yourself so that you But if your head is going to stay still, keep the hands up. Keep a good guard position. Ready to block any shots coming your way. Don't lean forward onto the bag. Push it off. Non-punching contact with the bag. forearm, shoulders, head, stiffen those jabs as they're on the way in. Double right hand. So again, you can give up grounds. It's a combination. So you can throw the backand, push out, and throw another backand. Still a two- punch combination. You're just incorporating a footwork skill. Slip, slip, slip. Don't leave the head. Still sink those hooks in. When you're throwing hooks up close, they've got to hurt. Okay? You can't you don't drop the power on them. You want 80 to 100% power on those hooks when you're up close. But you must maintain technique as you do it. Good work. Keep it going. Keep on top of that bag. Drive the combos in. Two punch combos. Deep breaths. Okay. Breathe while you're working. Find time to deepen inhalation. Okay. Oxygenate the body. Active recovery. Recover as you punch. Okay. Time. Deep breaths. In through the nose, out through the mouth. Coming up to our third round. Okay, we're getting into tough territory now. No less than three punches. In through your nose, out through your mouth. Get yourself ready. You're going to have to dig in now. This is hard work now as we go into these final two rounds. Three punch combinations. The right punch for the right range. Left, right, left, left, right, left hook. Nice combo. really work that lead hand. Three right hands, one head, one body, one head. Again, they're high energy shots, right? Cuz you you retract and drive and retract and drive and breathe as you work them. Work them in now. Three shots, no less than. Okay, that's it. Whack them into the body. Body, head, head, body. The movement of the head after you throw the punches. That's it. Good work. Keep it going now. You can work your way through the rounds in your head all the time. No less than three. But maintain discipline. Your hands up. Okay. No let letting your hands drop as the punches come. Have you when you've landed your punch, get it right back to the guard position. Dig in now. Don't be quitting. No less than three. No singles, no doubles, no less than three shots. That's it. Push the bag away with your forearm. Push it away with your head. Slam the punches into the body and the head. Deep breaths. Get your timing. Defense. Defense. Defense. Go square. Let them shots go. Deep breaths. Okay, your final rest period now. Heading into the final round. No less than four punches. Big deep breaths. Maximize that oxygen intake. This is hard work. I'm certainly feeling a bit tired as we head into this last round, but you've got to put the effort in now. It is often this is all about how deep you can dig to just fight your way through the rounds while maintaining the technical disciples you do. So, pour it on. Just keep it going. Drive them shots in. Now, it's all about blazing these combinations. Your arms are going to be burning. Your legs are going to be burning. But just fight through it. Good guard position as you as you're driving these home. Don't be giving in. Just fight through the pain. Keep punching. Keep punching. Keep punching. Four shots. Try and keep the variation. body, head, head, body, hooks, uppercuts, straights, the whole lot. Drive it on. Okay. Ignore any stiffness of the arms. Just keep punching away. Keep the hands up. What it's all about now. Final few seconds of the final round. How bad do you want it? Give up. If you want, you give up, but you're never going to get anywhere. Keep it pushing. Keep going. Drive the shots out. Work hard. That's it. Just drive on. Keep it going. Keep it going. Mental toughness. Drive through the pain. Keep working. Drive through the pain. Get into the final 15 seconds or so now. Keep it going. Drive it home. Work the shots. That's it. Dig in. Dig in. Dig in. Don't keep. Don't quit. Don't quit. Hands high. Let them go. Final combo now. There you go. End of your round. Well done. Okay, breathe. Keep breathing. In through the nose, out through the mouth, gloves off. Shake off the arms, shake off the legs. If you've got any sense, now you'll put a warm top on, tracksuit top, sweatshirt, and you'll do some stretching. You'll do a warm down, static stretches from the head down to the body, through the neck, through the shoulders, arms, upper arms, lower arms, uh, obliques, round the hips, thighs, back of thighs, calves. Get everything stretched out across the chest a whole lot. Take 5 to 10 minutes doing a nice steady warm down. Right. How did that feel? Drop me a comment. What kind of workouts would you like to see me go? Did you manage to keep up with this old dossa? Because that was hard for me honestly. That was a hard session. And you know, great. That's fine. It's what we're here for, isn't it? Doing this video. It actually gives me an opportunity to get an extra workout in because I don't get much opportunity through the week to to get my workouts in. So, I've enjoyed that. I hope you have as well. Please subscribe for more. Leave me a comment. Do you think I worked hard enough? Did you do you think you can work hard as hard or harder? And how did you actually feel the whole thing went? And don't forget download your book. Go and drop put click on this link here. Enter your email address and you'll be in touch with me. I will send you the book and then it'll come from my personal email and you and I will be in touch and we can exchange emails. I can continue to help you on your journey. Okay. My name is France Sands. I will see you in the next video.