Kind: captions Language: en If you want a serious challenge on the heavy bag, why not apply the style of Dimmitri Bevol? I did one threeinut round and it was seriously tough, much tougher than I expected. After you watch this threeinut round of boxing, I'll explain why it was so tough and I will also give you three tips so that you can go away and deploy the Dmitri Bivol style during your heavy bag work or your shadow boxing. Have a look at this. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Before we get into why that was much much tougher than it looked. And before we get into deconstructing the BVA style, why don't you go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. Regardless of whether you're a beginner or you've got some experience in the sport, this is going to really help you. 68 pages, packed full of insights and understanding how to prepare your mind, how to set up your own home gym, the 10 core skills, building speed, building power. Simple email address. There's a link below. There will be a link at the end. Okay, let's get going. Um, why was it so tough? Well, it was to do with the stance. Dimmitri Beivville has this really wide stance. Okay, his body weight most of the time stays central most of the time. But during that round, as I was working, by the time I got to about 80 to 90 seconds into it, so about halfway through the round, my legs were burning, me quads were burning, and me calves were burning. And that's because he has this wide stance with when you have wide stance, it gives you really fine control at doing the pendulum step or the phased attack. So that okay. So so if your stance is quite narrow, it's you're really going to struggle to do that with any kind of effectiveness. But with Bivvol, that wide stance, so he's there and it's in out. Okay? So, you're really focused on the balls of your feet and it just burns your it burns your legs. I mean, really bad. Okay. So, I mean, it eased off a bit. I was making small adjustments, but worth trying that that widening that stance. I think sometimes we can just go, "Oh, oh, this is my boxing stance and I'm going to stay like that all the time." But it's definitely worth trying little variations out, squaring things up a close range. you know, some people like to switch obviously. Um, but widening it is also a really a really good thing to try out. The second thing is guard, right? He keeps them a high guard pretty much all the time. So why is that? Well, cuz he's got common sense. You keep your hands there. And people go, "Oh, but you're losing visibility." Oh, for stop it. Stop. just stop it them there, right? You know, the dynamics are that he can come down slightly. So, you lose no visibility by having you. The only reason you'd lose visibility is if you do that with your hands, then you lose all visibility. But what he does is is have his hands there so he can deploy fantastic defense defenses all of the time. Occasionally, you'll see him drop his lead hand, but when he drops his lead hand, know we said a minute ago, his body weight is central. When he drops his lead hand, watch what his body weight does. It just drops onto the back leg. That's an offensive stance. That's a defensive stance. So, he uses that hand drop to tease the opponent, to trigger the opponent. It's a little trap. All right. From there to there. But lots of the time he just has that guard in a really good position. Especially that that right hand just stays there solid. And number three, and this was a weird moment when I worked this out about Bivo, what a lot of the time, watch what his upper body does. So he's in the classic bladed stance and then he turns his upper body and you see his rear heel kind of lift and he just holds himself in that position, goes into the double arm block. So what does this mean? It means a couple of things. Number one, he's marching forward effectually effectively behind a shield wall. So whatever punches come at him, because he turns that upper body and lifts the rear heel, he can absorb massive amounts of punches coming his way without taking a step back, right? You'll see him do that. Um, and the second thing is he can do a massively overpowered jab, right? So if we from there, my my jab is there. Okay? Now, if I go into that position, think of all how much more rotation I'm getting into the jab. Yeah. Lots more rotation as we throw the jab. So, it's a really effective way of building pressure and loading up with those with those um power jabs. But really that that at the heart of it is that wide stance, the pendulum step, and so that thorns combinations. Okay. And he likes to turn his his hooks over um through a mix of hooks there. So in there, one, one, two, three, one, two, three, four, five. Okay, so he is his legs do a huge amount of work in any 12 round fight. His leg conditioning must be absolutely incredible. Okay, so there you go. Get yourself on the heavy bag in your shadow boxing and do a round with Dmitri Bivval. And don't forget, download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. You'll get drill patterns and lots of follow-up videos. Okay, take it easy. I'll see you in the next video.