Kind: captions Language: en Six essential punches in boxing. Here they are in combination and slow down a little bit. Now, there is one big problem that will stop you maximizing the impact of these punches. And in this video, I'm going to explain how you avoid that problem. If you enjoy the work I've done here and if you find it helpful, don't forget hit like and subscribe to get more videos and it will be a massive help to me. Okay, we're going to get started. We're going to get straight in. We're going to start with the first punch to jab. Now, little demonstration from the stance and on guard position. Arm goes straight out, accelerates onto the target, comes straight back. We avoid elbow flare from there. Okay, that's a jab from a static position. We can move forwards with the jab. We can move backwards with the jab. Point being, as we go out, we want to avoid the elbow flare. Keep that hand there. But there's another thing that people sometimes forget. This pole demonstrates my hip position. Watch what happens to it when I throw my jab. Okay, that's when I throw it properly out and back. That's when I don't rotate. So, what's the problem here? If I don't rotate, I'm going to lose power, but I'm also more dangerously I'm losing range. I'm leaving a couple of inches on the table. And we don't want to do that. We want to make every inch count as they say. Have a little look here. Is it what it looks like on the bag? [Music] Okay, we can demonstrate the same thing with the straight backhand. Some people call it the cross, but the straight back hands from the stance position. First action, drive off the back leg, hips rotate, arm goes straight out, lands on the target, come straight back. If you leave the punch nice and late in the rotation, that will go straight out. Okay, from there, straight out and from the side. And again, we're accelerating onto the target and bringing it straight back. What if we don't rotate with this one? So, watch how I've I always like the idea of the rotation with the back hand. Watch how much we rotate here at the hips. Yeah. Same problem with the jab, but magnified because there's more rotation involved in this punch. If we under rotate, we lose power, but we lose massive amounts of range as well. Right, that looks a bit like this. [Music] And of course we can put it together to make the greatest combination in the whole world which is the one two bit like this. [Music] That rarely is. People go on about boxing combinations. These all these fancy ones. Up, down, up, down, up. That one will win you fights. Just a good clean straight one, too. Okay. Then we go on to our left hook. Okay. From the stance position, push off the front leg. Hips rotate. Arm comes up in an L shape. You can also palm down. I I coach that a lot. From there, up and around. Okay. But you can beforehand you can add a slip. Some people think a left hook is that. It's not. That's a slip then a left hook. So you can slip and then left hook. slip left hook and it's driving off the front leg and the hips rotate. Okay, let's look at the hip rotation. Left hook. Good hip rotation from the static position. Left hook. No hip rotation. I mean, that is just an arm punch. There's There's nothing in it. Or we can do the slip that way and then back. Slip and back. And here's the hook on its own in a video with some slips in there as well. [Music] And then of course you can put those three things together. One, two, three. One, two, three. Now, if you notice, we talked about the slip and the hook. These things follow on really naturally. rotation um rotation clockwise, rotation anticlockwise, rotation clockwise. So, you're getting that. So, in terms of the hips and what they do, there's the jab, there's the right cross, there's the left hook. Yeah. Wonderful. Three punch combination. Could look a bit like this. [Music] If you're enjoying what we're doing here, You can download my book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. I'll explain a bit more in the end. Plus, you get drill patterns. Plus, you get lots of coaching videos in followup by joining my personal email list. I'll tell you about that at the end. Okay, onto the right hook. Now, straighten our little brush pole from there. Right hook, drive off the rear foot. Bang. Same thing similar with the um with the straight right. Same type of rotation the cross but we're turning over and we of course we can palm in as well. So you've got there and there right drive the hips. There's the rotation. It's I can't explain enough. And that rotation is driven by the feet. But anything coming off the back hand it's driven by the rear foot. Anything coming off the lead hand, it's driven off the front foot. Okay, here's how it looks on its own in a short bag sequence. [Music] And then if we put them all together, 1 2 3 4 looks like this. [Music] Okay, we're starting to build some real solid rotation, getting all of these shots right now. We're getting into our most difficult punches. There is a slight variance with the rotation here. So, it's really important to get this lead hand uppercut. So, for me, the left uppercut, we're going to drive off the hip. Drive off the front foot. The hip's going to rotate, but then we have to lift the hip at the end. So, the reason for that is the uppercut. Now, that hip has to rotate and then come up. If you watch what happens here when I throw the shot, you'll see the ends of the pole comes up. Right? Now, the reason for that is so that we can get the forearm perfectly vertical at point of impact. If the forearms off vertical, for me, that ventures into being a hook. It's certainly not a wellex executed uppercut, right? So this it has to go there and then up at the end. And similarly with the hook, you can throw a slip in beforehand. So you can go one, two, or just there. Right? Looks a bit like this. [Music] And then you link all them together, you got a nice five punch combination. And you know, some people think you can't use uppercuts on bags. You can. What you can't use is one of them uppercuts, okay? But you can land it there. Just lengthen the for for lengthen the arm out. As long as the forearm stays on the vertical plane, it's a nice clean uppercut. Now we're on to our right uppercut. Same type of diff same type of shot. But again, we have to vary that hip rotation at the end. So from there, there's the shot. one from the side, right? So, you're driving off the back leg. The hip rotates, but then that lead hip comes up at the end. So, we drive and lift. And again, that's to ensure that we get the vertical plane on the forearm as the shot lands. On its own, it looks like this on the bag. [Music] And then you put them all together and we have a six punch combo. [Music] So imagine the pole. Get them hips. Get the rotation right there. Uppercut. Uppercut. Yeah, really make that drive up at the end with the uppercuts. But that hip rotation is critical. If you've enjoyed this, go download my book, The Beginner Boxer to Toolkit. Loads of learning in there. 68 pages, seven tools to help you become the best you can possibly be. Uh, plus I'll give you a free drill pattern. Plus, you get lots of emails and follow-up. You're going to love that. Click the link here. Enter your email address and I'll be happily happily get that book to you. And there's a link below. I'll see you in the next video. Cheers.