Kind: captions Language: en The maze bag, a great piece of kit. I'm going to give you five techniques to blast your bag work. And don't worry if you don't have access to a maze bag, the techniques I give you in this video will work quite happily on a conventional heavy bag. It's about building your destructive capability. That's what these five tips are all about. Okay, before we get going, do us a favor, hit like and subscribe. It really helps me out. Keep the channel going. Okay. Tip number one. Square the stance. Right, think about our boxing stance. That's our conventional bladed boxing stance. Line on the floor goes from the toe to the heel. Your shoulders are turned so that they more or less align with the threat. You keep your body in that line position, body weight central or ideally on the back leg. And hands in that position. When we say square the stance, what we basically mean is bringing the foot up there. Okay, so that's what that's a fair stage of squaring the stance. You can get to this point. You can You can go there. You can switch if you're orthodox, you can switch into a slight squared southpaw stance. Bladed, and then we go out to squared. What are the benefits of the squared stance? It gives you more power with your hooks and uppercuts. It is a power biased stance. Okay? You lack You lose mobility. So, the bladed stance Bladed stance for long range work. It works at all ranges. The key differentiator is don't go square at long range. There's no point. You'll lose range and you lose mobility. Two things you do not want to lose when you're at long range. But when you pick your moments, go into your squared stance, you get more power with the hooks and uppercut. Uppercuts. And a squared stance against the bag could look a little bit like this. Technique number two. We are only going to use hooks and uppercuts. Right? You do this round. Don't bother with your straight shots when you're focusing on on close range work. Just go with the hooks and uppercuts. So, think about our hooks. Uh lead hand hook. Drive off the front leg. This is from the bladed stance, but the principles remain the same. When you're in that squared stance, flatten your feet, but you're still driving from the legs. The punches have to start in the legs regardless of the stance. So, from there, short range hook, we drive off that leg. There's rotation there. And head's here, we're driving up through the target. Mid range hook, you can there, so the elbow comes up. You can see I've got an L shape. I also like to coach palm down, okay? Especially in when you're actually fighting against a a person. Or you can do the long range hook, which we're not interested in. So, short, mid, mid. Yeah? Same at the back hand. Drive off the back leg. Hit rotate. Get lots of rotation in them hips. That's your short range hook. Mid range hook, same driving rotation. Yeah? Then we go back to the uppercuts. Lead hands. Drive off the front leg. Hip goes round and up at the end. We want it to land perfectly vertical. So, there's your short range hook. Mid range hook. Right? Back leg. Drive off the back foot. Back hands. Hips go round. And then drives up at the end. Okay, so there vertical. Mid range hook. Short range hook. Yeah? So, there you short and mid range hooks. When you're on the bag, you can switch from short range slightly back to mid range. So, you've got two types of punch range that you can use when you're up close. Okay? Drift in. Drift out. Right. Before we get on to point three, the end of the video, you can download your book to beginner boxer toolkit. I wrote that to help you on your boxing journey. You're going to love that one. Okay? I'll tell you more at the end of the video. Right. Number three. Guard focus. Think about defense as you are on offense. All right? What do I mean by that? So, we're in the squared stance. Up close to the bag, try and make sure that you have an emphasis that when you're throwing your punches, your guard is moving as little as possible. Right? So, if I'm going to throw a short right hook, there, I'm driving off that back foot. But you can see my guard arm is staying in a pretty tight position. Same with the left. There. Yeah? Driving off the foot. Arm is not moving. Some of the things you see, especially with beginners, with this close, and they try winging shots back here. That's what we want. Right? You can switch out to mid range and really let them go there, driving off the feet. But think about that. Think about when you're throwing punches, what are your guard's arms doing? Because if you can keep a good guard whilst you're delivering shots, that means you are combining offense and defense in the same sequence. Could look a bit like this. Tip number four. Non-punching contact with the bag. You are up close. Okay? So, think of three ways to contact the bag that don't involve punching. Way number one. Forearm. Right? So, you're just putting it there. Now, what we're not doing here is kind of, you know, whacking it out. Holy, that's not what we're doing. We're pinning. We're just putting the arm there. Right? So, so you're it gives you helps you create a bit of room. It helps you pin the arms of the opponent. So, there. Yeah? Second one. Shoulder contact. Right? Subtle. Okay? Don't exaggerate this stuff. You're there. Okay? And you just let that shoulder unsettle the opponent. Third one. Head contact. Right? And again, you're not smashing your head in. So, if an opponent's face was coming or the back comes toward you, just dip your head. It's interesting, you know, here. If someone threw a punch at me on the street and I had someone else had hold of me arms, what I'd do when that punch was coming in, would tip tip tilt me head forward so that they punched me there. Okay? Really tough structure. So, don't be afraid to as it's coming in, just yeah, use the head. Non-punching contact. Plus, it gives you a good all round style. You're doing your defenses, you're doing your offenses, and you're adding in these little sequences there, and it makes you look a more complete and professional operator when you're using the bag. Bit like this. And final tip. Tip number five. Head movement. Right? It's It's as important Good head movement is as important up close as it is at long range. So, think about your your your Think Let's Let's focus on five head movements. The slip. Slip inside. Drive off the back leg. Hands are there. Can work just the same in the squared stance. There. But the key thing is with all of these, it comes from the feet, from the legs. Don't be doing the waist, especially up close. You don't need to do it. Push off the front leg for the outside slip. There. Yeah? It's in our bladed stance. That's in our squared stance. Okay? My legs are doing that, not me waist. I'm not bending at the waist. Third is the roll. Okay? So, we'll do the inside roll. Slip out. Roll round. Come back. Out. Round. Back. Okay? Then we're going to do the outside roll. Slip in. Round. Back. And again, both of them, you can do them in the squared stance. One. Two. One. Two. Legs. Legs. Legs. Legs. And the final one. This is tough. Just there. In between your punching sequences, do your head movements. Okay? So, try and avoid just just standing in front of the bag like that. So, when you're throwing your punches, and you're taking that little gap in between the shots, do some slips and rolls. Okay? You know, back to our other tip. Elbow up. Round. Shoulder. Yeah? Combine the head movements in with the punching and the non-punching contact. Could look a bit like this. Okay, so if you have access to a maze bag, I'm doing maybe one round in every four on a bag like this. It's not one to just do four three-minute rounds, especially if you're my age, if you're you know, into your 50s. Working those short uppercuts and hooks and everything up close and with power. Heavy going on the joints, especially with a pretty implacable bag this, you know. So, mix it up with your other bag rounds, yeah? If you're using a maze bag, don't do a full bag session just on a maze bag. Too much shock goes through your joints. You're still here. I'm going to assume that you're serious about this stuff. So, go download your book The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. Should be a tip here on how to get the right mindset, 10 basic skills, set up your own home gym skills, tips for building speed, power. You will get faster, you will get fitter, you will get stronger. You will get better at fighting. Would love to hear your thoughts. Drop a comment down below. My name is Fran Sands. Thank you for watching.