Kind: captions Language: en If you want to build speed, strength, and power in your punches, then you want to stick around. I've got a fiveminute formula for you, okay, for the heavy bag work. And you can adapt this formula to help you work on warm-ups, strength conditioning, and speed. It's really simple, super simple, and you can implement it today. Welcome to my boxing coach. My name's France Sands. Before we get going, go download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. Join the thousands of others who've downloaded this book. How to build the right mindset. How to set up your ideal home gym. The 10 core skills. Lay down the perfect shadow boxing routine. Five blocks to punch power. Seven steps to super speed and how to build out the perfect heavy bag session. 68 pages. You will come back to it again and again. There's a link down below. There will be a link at the end. Enter your email address. I'll be happy to get that to you. Okay, let's get on to our fiveminute formula. I'm going to get straight in. Okay, this is the warm-up version of our formula. Some key things to think about. There are seven rounds. Each round is 30 seconds duration. The rest period between rounds is 15 seconds. And I'm going to get straight on. Have a look at this. About 20% punch power you want to go with this. It's part of your warm up. Have a look. Heat. Heat. Heat. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. [bell] HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. Please Okay, so that isn't your total warm up. You've got to have done a little bit before that. What it does helps condition your body getting ready for that heavy bag work. Particularly good if you're a bit old, a bit older like me. I'm 53, so I like to gently ease myself into the heavy bag round. Um, round one, straight punches. Round two, hooks to the head. Round three, hooks to the body. Round four, uppercuts. Round five, hooks to the body. Round six, hooks to the head. And we finish off with straights. 20% power. Be cool. Be gentle. In between the rounds, 15 seconds. [snorts] Maximize the oxygen intake. I don't care if you feel tired or not. Maximize the oxygen intake because you do need it further down the road. Right, the next one. This is a lot harder. Okay, so this is about strength endurance. Same setup, 30 second rounds, 50 seconds rest. Same sequence of punches. Okay, difference 80% power. So, we're taking the power level from here and we're moving it up to here. 80% power. Won't do the full session, but here's what the punches will look like. Heat. HEAT. OKAY. SO, there's your warm up. There's your strength endurance. You got them two components. That strength endurance is hard. Oxygenate. Make sure you oxygenate. Make sure you're breathing solidly and consistently through the round and especially during your break. Then we've got the final one. And this is where we want to focus on speed, but we flip it. Okay, where we've done 30 second rounds with 15 seconds rest. We're going to flip that. We're going to do 15 second rounds with 30 seconds rest. All the same punches, same sequence, but what we're actually focusing on is speed. So, your power will naturally drop. It's all about building speed in the mind. Okay? Looks a little bit like this. Again, if you're older, speed is difficult. Speed is one of them things. I'm again 53. My speed, whatever speed I had, that's pretty low down my list of attributes now. Okay. There's nothing I can do about that. As you get older, these things naturally happen. Shouldn't stop you focusing on trying to improve your speed, though. Why? Because it's hard. And anything that's hard, we should try and do. That's the nature of bettering yourself. Okay? Do the stuff that's difficult. So, what if you want to daisy chain those things together? Say you want to just set aside 15 minutes. Here's the order in which to do it. the five minute warm-up, the five minute speed workout, and finish on the five minute strength endurance workout. Okay? Get that speed early in the session because if you're trying to go for speed at the end of the session, it's no good. Don't bother. Okay? So, when you're particularly fresh, that's when you want to focus on your speed training. Let me know what you think by dropping a comment, hitting the like button. Subscribe for more videos. And of course, download your book, The Beginner Boxer Toolkit. There should be a little link here. Click on that. Come to my website, enter an email address. I'll send you the book and a load of follow-up videos, and we'll be in touch, and we'll be helping each other on our journeys in boxing. Okay? Look forward to seeing you in the next video. Take care.