Kind: captions Language: en All right, we are back. Chris Manx, Sergio Mora, he's the fighter, I'm the writer. Sergio, it is officially 2026. Happy New Year to you, my friend. Uh are you a New Year's resolution guy? &gt;&gt; Uh I am. I I actually am. Uh but it's the opposite. It's the antithesis of most of you actually. You know, you probably want to save money, lose weight, you know, just travel more. I want to do the opposite. I want to gain weight. I want to gain muscle, you know, so I want to hit 199, not 200. 200 sounds fat. So, I want to reach 199. So, I want to indulge more. And I want to actually travel and and spend more money. Get back to my old ways. You know, I used to squander a lot of money on traveling, on fine food, fine restaurants. But hanging out with Todd Gisham, it's all Outback Steakhouse and you know Hooters. So I just want to get back to the good things in life. &gt;&gt; So So your New Year's resolution, if I'm hearing you correctly, is to indulge more and spend more money &gt;&gt; and get fatter. &gt;&gt; And get fatter. &gt;&gt; Yeah, pretty much. &gt;&gt; Those are unique resolutions. &gt;&gt; Well, not not bigger. Yeah, I want to get bigger. But yeah, how about yours? Uh, I I've got some general professional resolutions, but my biggest resolution for 2026 after having a child is to keep him alive. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Truly like to keep him alive. Like every day is, you know, basically a battle to keep him alive. &gt;&gt; Damn, Manx, you just turned this morbid. All right. &gt;&gt; You could easily say like, I want to be a good father, raise a great kid, and &gt;&gt; I don't know. They do a bunch of different things. The kid's swinging his head left and right. You're afraid he's going to hit something, fall down. I want to keep the damn kid alive. &gt;&gt; It's real easy. You just got to uh you got to wrap him into a little taco where he can't scratch his face, where he can't use his arms. What do you call that? Where you bundle him up. &gt;&gt; Oh, swaddle. &gt;&gt; You swaddle them little suckers and you put that little swaddling. &gt;&gt; You put that little rubber uh boob in his mouth. He's going to be fine the entire time. Yeah, the pacifier. And swaddle them. Yeah, you're going to be just fine, Maddox. &gt;&gt; It's a little &gt;&gt; And a baby camera. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we just bought a baby camera. That's a new one investment in the family. &gt;&gt; And the dad weight looks good on you, by the way. &gt;&gt; I don't have dad weight. I've lost like 25 pounds in the last three. &gt;&gt; You still look terrible. &gt;&gt; Okay. [laughter] All right. Lot to get into on this episode. We're going to use this show to hand out our year-end awards and look ahead to some of the future awards. Get out the crystal ball, look ahead to the future awards in 2026. We should acknowledge right off the top, Sergio, the tragedy that happened over in Africa this past week with Anthony Joshua involved in what was a horrific car accident. Uh the the death of two uh close friends of his, two members of his team. Um, we understand through matchroom that Anthony Joshua is in stable condition, that his injuries are relatively minor, but I'm sure there's there's a lot that that comes with a tragedy like that. Some mental scarring that I'm sure is is going to be with AJ for a long time. But we're we're deeply uh deeply sorry for what happened over there. And we feel uh to the families of the people that died, to AJ's friends and family, we certainly send our best wishes out to all of them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, AJ is going to have to be a fighter and a champion uh come this new year because uh he wants to end out the year strong. And I'm sure this is going to be a mental burden, you know, another hurdle for him to actually uh uh go over with with some close friends dying and uh yeah, man, that's part of being a fighter, man. Just picking yourself up. But God bless him and his family and all the people that passed over there in Nigeria. Yeah, boxing should uh be the last thing on his mind, and I'm sure it is. There'll be plenty of time to have that discussion down the line. All right. Um, our year- end award, Sergio, let's start with the fighter of the year, which we touched on in a recent podcast, which right now, according to most people, and probably according to you and me, it's kind of a two- horse race. Uh, with two of the biggest names in boxing, two pound-for-pound stars sitting at the top. Who is Sergio Amore's fighter of the year? &gt;&gt; It's not yours or everyone else's. Uh I I as a fighter have to really respect what this man has done. Fought four times in one year. Noah Inaway, the monster. I think the monster had a monster year because not only has been active defending all those belts, but he's doing it on the highest level. I mean, he's undisputed and he's still being active, which is a rarity in boxing. Normally when you have all those belts dealing with all those sanctioning bodies and number one contenders, they're pulling you in so many different ways. But this this incredible fighter is doing it on the biggest stage possible. 4-0, two knockouts. Everyone that he puts it uh they put in front of him, he dominates. He doesn't struggle with them. He gets dropped. He comes back and uh knocks out the guys, but he wins in convincing fashion. He's still at the top of his game. And I know Bud Crawford's like the favorite for everybody. Maybe even Usyk. They're all fighting for Undisputed, but for me, activity matters as a fighter. And the fact that he's willing to put it all on the line, he's my fighter of the year. No way. &gt;&gt; It's not Usyk. I mean, Usyk had that one good win over Danny Dubois, but it was a repeat of what happened the first time around against Danny Dubois. Uh I have no problem with Inaway being your fighter of the year. The argument I would make against Inoway, it's really only an argument in favor of Terence Crawford, is that the four fights that Inaway fought in 2025, he was a heavy favorite in all of them. His opening fight against Kim, uh, minus 5,000 favorite according to DraftKings at one point. Cardinus minus 5,000 favorite coming into that fight. Hold on. I I'm not saying that, but he was a huge favorite coming in. &gt;&gt; MJ Medalv, he was around minus 1,000. That was the closest of the odds going into these four fights. And then his most recent fight against Alan Picasso, he came in right around minus 3500 for that fight. So he was an enormous favorite in those fights. Terrence Crawford only fought once, but he fought as an underdog and he fought the biggest star in North American boxing and he fought in a weight class that he was completely unfamiliar with. Terence Crawford was coming up two weight classes for that fight against Canelo Alvarez. Really though, he was coming up three. He had one fight against Israel Madramoth at 154. Didn't look great in that fight. Jumps to 168 against Canelo. And I know it's not Pete Canelo. Canelo didn't look great against William School the last time out, but Canelo at that point was the undisputed 168-lb champion. Was unequivocally the best 168 pounder in the world. And Terrence Crawford beat him cleanly. I understand four against one that's tough. That one win has to be special, but I think that Crawford win was special enough for him to get fighter of the year. &gt;&gt; And you're not wrong. And you're not wrong, Manx, but you're speaking as a as a reporter, as a writer, as a outside looking in. You're not speaking as a fighter. You didn't have to go to four different camps, championship camps. You didn't have to endure all that. You didn't have to put your body through all that. You know, in a way is in his early 30s, 31, I believe. But those young those small fighters, they don't last that long. They fight really hard. They spar really hard. They fight really hard and that's why they have a shorter uh uh career. The fact that he was able to do it on the highest level, it's not his fault that there's no there's not another big name that that he has to defend against, but he's doing it against Picasso undefeated Akmadal, who was an incredible amateur, incredible professional. He had power, he had movement, and he's doing it against uh fighters that are number one contenders. I'm happy with that. activity matters, knockouts matter, and the fact that that he's still doing it for all the belts, not letting one go, still c still called the undisputed uh undefeated champion, that means a lot. So, as a fighter, I respect that over the one time. That great performance by Crawford. You're not wrong. And I think as a fighter, I'm not wrong, but it's all what you like. &gt;&gt; I don't think you're wrong either. And you make a great point about the camps having to go in. I mean, really, how much time off did Noya in a way take in 2025? a few weeks after each fight getting right back into camp and as you well know you train and like you train like you go to war for these fights even if you are a minus 5,000 favorite and in a way does get credit for getting off the deck against Cardinus he does get credit for completely blowing out MJalv who a lot of people believe was going to be his toughest test um I just think Crawford's win was special everything about that performance was outstanding and look if if in a had fought one guy where the odds were closer of those four, then maybe I'd have a different opinion. But I'd just give the slightest edge to Terence Crawford because of that. All right, something we're going to do with these categories is not only are we going to name our respective award winner, but we are going to also name who we think is going to win that award in 2026. So, I'll start with you here. Who is your favorite? Who do you think this time next year when we're sitting here in this studio doing this show and you're weighing 225 lbs, what is the who is the 2026 fighter of the year? I'm hoping it's Virgil Ortiz. I'm hoping it's someone young and fresh or or Bennis, one of those guys, but one of them has they have to fight in order to get this award. But they're right there at the cusp of being not only a champion. Well, for Virgil Ortiz to be a champion and to be number one, but to carry the sport, to be the next one in line along with Ben Avdas and a lot of greats out there, you know, once Canelo passes the torch if he hasn't already. Virgil Ortiz, I think he is the next pay-per-view star. Not only because he's Mexican-American, but he's a knockout puncher. He's always going for the knockout. He fights anyone they put in front of him. Fans love that. They don't like they don't like the fact that he takes a tuneup fight. They don't like the fact that that that fighters on that level would be able to fight uh um you know a guy that a guy that's not supposed to be in the ring with him. Virgil Ortiz continue fighting the best going for the knockout. I think he's going to be the next in line and be the the next star on the pound-for-pound list. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that. I mean, you're sort of predicting Virgil Beats Boots with that if you're calling him fighter of the year. &gt;&gt; It's who whoever wins that fight is the next one in line. It's not a bad pick because whoever if that fight happens and I'm cautiously optimistic that we are going to get that fight in March. Um, whoever wins that fight will also have a springboard, some big ones. There's a Fedora fight out there potentially for the winner. There is a Xander Zas fight if Xander Zas comes away from his fight in January as the unified champion. Um, so there's opportunity there. My pick though is Shakur Stevenson. Shakor Stevenson end of January has a huge fight already set. He's taken on Teaimo Lopez trying to become a four division world champion. He's already a pretty heavy favorite going into that fight. And I can see why. I think Shakur's style will give Teapimo uh some problems. If Shakur can beat Teapimo and become a world champion at 140 in addition to being a world champion at 135, there are a lot of doors open for him. Like he can go back to 135. Uh try to unify that division against some guys that are out there. there. I mean, Andy Cruz, Moritayia, the winner of that fight could be interesting. Hell, maybe Jervante gets back in the ring. &gt;&gt; I doubt that. &gt;&gt; I doubt that, too. But maybe he decides in 2026. And if Shakur beats Tehimo, he's an even bigger name at that point. So, Shakur has got multiple weight classes that he can navigate. He has the support of Turkey Alashik. So, he's got some banker role behind him having fought in Saudi Arabia, having fought uh here in the US on these ring cards. There's, I think, a lot of opportunity across multiple weight classes. And maybe it's not just two. Like we've heard Shakur and Ryan Garcia going at it. We have seen Shakur and Connor Ben going at it. Like there are some big big fights, some big events that could be available to Shakor Stevenson if he wins this fight with Teapimo. Um I think he's primed for a big year. I think he's going to be the fighter of the year in 2026. &gt;&gt; You won't be wrong, but it depends how he how he wins if he wins or if he beats Teophimo Lopez. Because if he goes in there and stinks it up, starts running and he doesn't want to engage, people are not going to want to invest in that, especially, you know, giving him the big dates. What he did with Zapeda, that's what he needs to do against Topofimo. It not necessarily a knockout. Just dominate, take chances, you know, put more power into your punches, keep the fight in the middle of the ring, don't be worried about being against the ropes, you know, and and pivoting out once you get your shots in. Then I could see Shakur doing exactly what Floyd Mayweather did. He went from being Mayweather did it the the the the star way. He was knocking out guys and then he went to the decisions. Shakur could flip it. He could be winning the decisions and start turning into a more maybe not a power puncher, but a guy that's actually going for stoppages. You know, you don't have to get knockouts where they stay on the floor. Just drop them. Make the referee stop it. You know, stop them on their feet against the ropes. It doesn't matter. It goes down as a technical TKO victory. If Shakur can start doing that or dominating guys, dropping guys, I I could totally see him being the next pay-per-view star. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Too many names to match him up. So that's why I say &gt;&gt; two-way classes, you know, like if Oshaki Foster comes up to 135, that could be a big fight after Foster beat Fton. There's just some just a bunch of guys out there that he could fight. And the only thing that would potentially derail him is if his hands become a problem once again. But look, he just fought was it over the summer? Beat Zapeda. Now he's back in January against Teapimo. No reason we can't see him again next summer and then maybe the end of the year. He gets three fights in. He gets three big wins in 2026 as a wrap. He's going to win. &gt;&gt; Listen, I just I just compared him to Mayweather Jr., another guy that had issues with his hands. So, you know, there's a lot of similarities with Shakur and Mayweather Jr. going forward. the fact that that there's so many names on on in that weight division. That's the reason I think Shakur can be a star because it just doesn't take one fighter, it takes two to actually sell an event to really push the market and Shakur has been doing it for a long time since he was in the lighterweight divisions, but he needs a dancing partner and there's a lot of them at 140. &gt;&gt; Tons of them 135, 140, maybe 147. Big year for Shakor Stevenson. All right, so that is our male fighter of the year. We're also going to do the women's side. There's a lot of great women's boxers active right now. There are and there's a competitive field, I think, in in women's boxing. There isn't a clear-cut winner, I think, for women's fighter of the year. A lot of really good candidates, but no clear-cut winner. So, give me your 2025 women's fighter of the year. And because there wasn't a clear-cut winner, I'm going to go with somebody that had a draw, but she still looked good and she's still evolving. I like Caroline. Caroline Dubois. Dubois has the same championship pedigree that her brother has. And Daniel Dubois, uh, I I I just love the way she puts combinations together. In women's boxing, you don't you don't really see a high knockout ratio. She has one. She has good technique. She has good power. She goes for the for for the stoppages. I think women's boxing has really stepped up. You know, they got a late start. And I think nowadays you're seeing a more and more uh on the on the top slots, you know, with the bigger names thanks to Amanda Serrano and Katie Taylor and the greats that have come before them. But they're fighting extra rounds now, three-minute rounds. You see what Alicia Bombgarnner is doing. You see the attention they're getting inside and outside the ring. You see Netflix putting them on. So look, women's boxing is on top. And I think Carol Carol Caroline Dubois had an incredible, you know, an incredible platform to really showcase herself in this last fight. I think she passed the test. Maybe stole the show in this last Netflix fight. Even though she wasn't on the main card, she was right below it, but she still looked good. I I really like Caroline Dubois going forward. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like Dubois. Um, she was 20 and one in 2025. Probably should have been 3 and 0. There was a cut that stopped the first fight in January. Um, to me she's more of a candidate next year because there are some big fights out there for her. U she could get Alicia Bombgardner to move up to 130 or to 135 and fight her. She could move up herself. Chantel Cameron is out there. That's a big fight over in the UK and in Ireland or wherever you want to you wherever you want to put it. Uh, so I I look at her more in terms of 2026 2025. I lean towards Michaela Mayer. Now, Michaela Mayer is a member of the old guard, right? A former US Olympian, been a world champion in multiple weight classes. I thought she had an outstanding year. Uh, she starts the year out by winning that rematch against Sandy Ryan. Now, she had won the first fight, but there was some controversy there, the whole who threw the damn can of paint. Um, you know, some issues with her and her former trainer. Everybody said the second time would be different. Well, the second time Michaela went out and dominated. Won much cleaner than she did the first time around. After that, she moves up in weight to 154 pounds, goes to Canada, the backyard of Mary Spencer, and wins a couple of titles fighting Mary or three titles, I guess, fighting Mary Spencer. So, she defended her welterweight title, and then she moved to 154 to win three versions of the junior middleweight title. So, she's sitting on the cusp of becoming an undisputed champion uh really in multiple weight classes because Lauren Price has three of the belts at 147. mayors, got three belts at 154. Uh I I thought she really breathed life back into her career in 2025 and did more than any other woman out there uh in terms of accomplishment. &gt;&gt; And it's because she's able to jump weight classes because she has a height. She has a wide shoulders in order for women to really get that that respect. They have to jump weight classes. Look at what Amanda Serrano did in so many what seven divisions. Clarissa Shields going all the way to heavyweight. So, in order to be great, you have to jump classes, especially in women's boxing when there's not a lot. It's a it's a small it's a small field of talent, you know, uh because it's a growing sport, uh women's boxing, but they're evolving fast. And I think she's she she has that American, you know, appeal. So, if Caroline Dubois has the UK unlocked, I could see Michaela Mayer, who was an Olympian for the for the United States, who was a world champion in in in multiple weight classes, who can still possibly go higher because like I said, she carries that weight really nicely. &gt;&gt; I think she'd tell you probably not. I think she'd tell you 154 is probably the limit. &gt;&gt; For the money, you never know. She she might be able to go higher. Uh yeah, I could see that. And she's good on the camera. She's always in front of the camera doing commentating. She's excellent at that. So, yeah, she can carry the sport in two ways. That's a good one as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she had a couple of losses uh at the midway point of her career that could have been huge setbacks for her. Instead, she rebuilt her career, got into big fights, won big fights, and now uh I think it's coming off the best year of any woman uh in boxing. All right, for 2026, who do you think is going to be the woman's fighter of the year? &gt;&gt; Man, I I really can't tell you. It has to be a Brit. It has to be a Brit. &gt;&gt; How about this? I'll go first on this one. I'll give you a second to uh gather your thoughts over there in the chair. I'm going to go with Amanda Serrano. Amanda Serrano is coming back. &gt;&gt; I'm already going to say no. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, Amanda Serrano is coming back on Done on January 3rd. So, she's getting her first fight in in 2026, which sets her up for three, maybe even four fights if she can get it in. She has the financial backing of Jake Paul and MVP. So, we know she's going to get out there. We know she's going to headline. Maybe it's in New York. Maybe it's in Puerto Rico. Maybe she's a co-main on whenever Jake Paul gets back into the ring, but she's going to get opportunity and she's going to get exposure. And she is one of the money women in boxing. She can lure people across different weight classes. And I say this because I look at where Amanda Serrano is at 126. And I look up and I say, "Well, Alicia Bombgardner is there as the unified champion at 130 lbs. If Alicia doesn't want to move up to 135, she could wait for Amanda to move up, and Amanda's moved up beyond that several times to fight her for the unified championship at 130. If I look down, you've got Ellie Scottney, who is part of the MVP stable, who is now the unified champion at 122, will soon or could soon be undefeated at 122. What if Scotty says, "You know what? I want to fight Amanda Serrano at 126." Amanda Serrano has some great in-house opportunities, fights that are very easy to make because a lot of these women fighters are with MVP. And if she wants to finish the year with a little bit of a grudge match, how about Sky Nicholson? Sky Nicholson down at 122, just won an interim title at 122, looking for her own opportunities at 122. That's a fight that could happen between Amanda and Sky maybe towards the end of the year. I think there are some huge, huge fights for Amanda Serrano in 2026. and she's getting off to a fast start getting a f her first fight in the first couple of days of the year. &gt;&gt; Sky was the one I was thinking about. She has uh just like Michaela Mayer, she has everything going for her as far as the promotion, the the the hooks, the looks, the the the fact that she does good on camera, she's a a broadcaster, she's a fighter. You have to have a little bit of everything. And and she has the height and the wide shoulders in order for her to fluctuate higher in weight as well. That's always important skipping uh weight divisions. But I think um I think Manda Serrano, she's already spilled too much blood. She's already, you know, at the age where where yeah, it took her this long to get the respect, but she's already been through too many physical fights. You know, too much blood has been shed, too many scars, too many too many wars. So, I don't think she can carry that peak level. I mean, she's still making peak money, and that's because of MVP and Jake Paul and Netflix and everyone else. So, great for her because she deserves it. But as far as carrying the sport on on her back, especially women's boxing, when there's so much talent, young talent that's hungry to do what she just did, uh, and even faster and earlier in their career, I just think, you know, there's too much competition. I don't think Serrano could do it. &gt;&gt; Oh man, it's it's it's all about the competition. Like I would make her a favorite if Scotty fought her. Um, I don't know what happens in a Bombgardner fight. That would definitely be a 123minute rounds type of fight. Both those women want to fight 123minute rounds. So, that could be intriguing with both women having power. I I just think she's set up really nicely to have a big year in 2026. Um, all right. Trainer of the year. I don't think this is a very competitive field, Sergio. So, I'm going to start with you and see if you've got a different name than I do. &gt;&gt; I'm pretty sure it's the same name. Robert Garcia. &gt;&gt; Robert Garcia. I've uh I've followed Robert Garcia since he was a fighter. You know, he was a world champion. I remember back in the late 90s when he was in the corner of Fernando Vargas and he was, you know, helping his little brother Mikey Garcia, you know, uh, be a great as well. Robert Garcia has the mind of a fighter, but he's he's already grown into an all-time great Hall of Fame trainer. And the stable that he has, it's incredible. I mean the former champions that he has, the young fighters that he has that he has busy like Bam Rodriguez, Virgil Ortiz, Murataya, this is the next crop, you know, that that it's going to do something great. He just has the formula to success. Robert Garcia, it seems like every year we're talking about him being something great, you know, and uh anytime anytime you think of great trainers, he's, you know, he's he's headed in the same way that Freddy Roach is, you know, he's going to be like the Mexican Freddy Roach in Southern California pretty soon. I think that's the ceiling that Robert Garcia brings to the table. So that's my trainer of the year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you look at his success rate this year and it's been outstanding. I mean, Robert Garcia is the head trainer for Bam Rodriguez. Bam added a couple more titles to his collection with big wins in 2025. Virgil Ortiz goes over to Saudi Arabia, beats Israel Majimoff, comes back to the US, knocks out Erikson Luben in the second round. And Robert Stable is deep with with mid-level guys, young guys, most of which had success. Costs Darte Darte had got a couple of wins in 2025. There there's a bunch of guys there that are that had great years. Um to me, this award was and I've got Robert winning as well. He is my 2025 trainer of the year. Uh, it was competitive at the midway point. Like the midway point I thought Booseianis was going to win it. That was when Bootsenis beat Stanonis. Andy Cruz was surging, but and look, Boosezie didn't lose towards the end, but we didn't see Andy Cruz as active. He's going to fight in January. Boots &gt;&gt; good win, I guess, in that his debut at 154, but I'm not sure that had anything to do with training um in that fight. Uh, I thought Robert's surge towards the end with Bam, you know, beating Pum Martinez over in Saudi Arabia with Virgil beating Erikson Luben, I thought he was uh he's clearly uh the winner. Some other good trainers out there. Bulmac I thought had a good year obviously training Terren Crawford for that uh fight he had uh you know with Canelo Alvarez. Manny Robas I thought had a good year as well. Uh I think he did is he in uh can it be Caleb Plant? I'm blanking right now. &gt;&gt; Rosendez. &gt;&gt; Rosendez. I think he was working that corner there. So, good to you. But I thought Robert Garcia ran away with it. 2026, I'll go first on this one. Um, I think Booseianis is going to get it. This is where I favor Booseianis in 2026. Um, Boots is going to fight Virgil. He has to beat Virgil, obviously, but if Boots beats beats Virgil, then he's off to the races. Before then, you've got Cruz against Moritayia. Andy Cruz going for his first world title um of his professional career. Six fights in only six pro fights to this point he's going to fight a a established pro in Meritaya. I think that would be a feather in the cap of Boise. He's also got Jack Cateral now. And Jack Cataterall is kind of floating between 140 and 147 looking for a world title opportunity. I think he could win one. So with those three guys alone, I think you've got an opportunity to have world level highlevel fights, winnable fights. And if Booseian's guys, you know, kind of sweep the field, I think he's going to win 2026 trainer of the year. &gt;&gt; I think uh next year is Ben Davidson. He's this close to winning trainer of the year. He he's been there with the biggest names. He has some solid names, some up and cominging names. He's always just missing that because it seems like he hasn't been in the game long enough internationally. He's a young guy, but anytime you hear him in the corner, everything he spits in that one minute uh neutral corner break, he says the right things. his his his his fighters believe in him. They they they listen to his instructions. He's an incredible trainer and it's it's it's a shame that his age and his looks, the fact that he looks so young that he's not as uh as respected worldwide as he should be because I think he's a top trainer, man. I think he's a future Ben Davis. &gt;&gt; He's become something of a heavyweight whisper with some of the names he has there. Fabio Wardley had a terrific year going from the quote unquote white collar fighter that he was uh coming up the ranks to winning a world title. He's a world champion with Usyk dropping that belt. Mosa Town of course everybody thinks is the next big thing in boxing if those two guys alone have big years. I think you're right. I think Ben Davidson will have a a a good run on. Um all right, let's talk about the uh other side of it. The the some of the fights that were out there. Give me your fight of the year for 2026. Some great fights or 2025 I should say this this past year. What was the Sergio Mora 2025 fight of the year? &gt;&gt; Well, if you want to put the grand scale of things, the meaning of it, the history of it, uh the fact that it panned out, it has to be the Eubank versus Ben. Chris Eubank Jr. and Connor Ben. That first fight was incredible. Not only because of the history that their fathers had, but the fact that they were able to duplicate something great on their own. You know, they made their own lane, that Ben name, that Eubank name, the juniors, wherever they carry it on their shoulders and do something great, filling out a stadium and really panning out, man. I mean, from beginning to end, Connor Bank came out aggressively trying to go for the knockout. Eubank kind of was fighting him off. Then he came back and used his veteran skills using that jab, the uppercut, was able to make it more of a boxing match instead of a war that Ben wanted it. It had everything you wanted and we got a rematch. Of course, we didn't get the same type of fight because that's what happens when you have familiarity, you know. Uh but I think overall the fact that all eyes was uh in that stadium, what was it? uh tot there you go. I my Latin tongue can't say that. But that stadium right there uh incredible and the UK fans shelled out money for it. They showed up. They were rabid and the world was watching. That's that's that has to be my fight of the year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean that was an incredible event. Um the the pageantry, &gt;&gt; the history between the two fathers, the moment where Chris Eubank senior walked out with Junior, the fact the fight itself was electric, Eubank hanging on to win a decision despite Connor Ben surging at the end, Conor Ben winning in defeat. I mean, there's so much that that I liked about that fight. I I don't have a problem with it. I I lean though more towards what I thought was the most significant win of 2025 and that was Demetri Beivville over Archer Berbv which feels like it was a lifetime ago because that took place what back in February but that was such a huge rematch. Archer Betterbe got the best of Beville in the first fight. They come back just months later and if you remember the first half of that fight we're like wow Betterbe might knock Beville out. Betterbe is starting fast. We never see Archer Better BV start fast. And then Demetri Beivvil turned the tables on Archer Betterv. It was Demetri Beivville coming on strong in the second half of that fight backing Archer Better BV up. I mean that was was such a moment. It was for the undisputed championship at at light heavyweight. So it was a big deal as well. I I thought that was the best fight of 2025. &gt;&gt; Poundfor-pound skill-wise that was the best fight because it was the best fight in the best and it was uh &gt;&gt; two poundfor-pound guys at that point both &gt;&gt; and it was for undisputed. So yeah, as far as like all the marbles and as fact, you know, as far as like what you're watching, I mean, that was that was if you want to if you want to bring in a a a new new eyes to the sport and say just watch these two guys, that's the epitome of our sport what they did. And they were international fighters. Normally, you know, you get to see an American versus uh another, you know, another American or or someone outside the states. No, this was two guys outside. They're not American and carrying the sport. Incredible. There were some good fights um across the board in 2025. Kir Taraji uh his win over Sego Yurakui we got the knockout in the 12th round that was awesome. Christian Beley Lester Martinez made the co-main of that. Canelo Alvarez undercard that was a phenomenal Taris Crawford undercard. That was a a phenomenal fight. So some really good uh fight. &gt;&gt; And on a smaller level I got I just want to give a shout out to Sam Nos and Abdullah Mason. Their fight was fantastic as well. they got next, man. And we know that Sam No is in it for the long haul. So is Abdullah Mason as a young champion at 21 years old. But these are two exciting fighters in exciting fights that they're going to have a bright future. So that's an honorary mention for them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think down the line, nine times soon, but down the line, we're likely to see uh that fight happen again. Um let's talk about explosive finishes. Uh knockout of the year, some good names and good fights in that category. What was your number one knockout of the year? &gt;&gt; Fabio Wardley. You know, I mean, you can't set it up. It was like a It was like a Hollywood movie ending. Losing every round. I mean, I think he knocked out Justice Hoon in the 10th round. He probably lost nine out of the 10. &gt;&gt; He was losing that. &gt;&gt; He was losing getting out boxed by a better boxer. Honey was peppering him up. I mean, it was it was it was rockyesque the fact that Fabio Warley was able to set him up with that big right hand and he wasn't able to land anything up until that last that last round where one punch ended at all. It was Cinderella type ending and I think that it was a it was a highlight knockout. You could sell it. I would love to see, you know, Fabio Wley continue doing that, continue that momentum, but that that knockout, that fight right there, that does it for me in 20. &gt;&gt; That was good. And that had that had stakes to it, right? like Fabio Wardley was in line for another big fight. Turned out to be Joseph Parker &gt;&gt; down the scorecards. Justice Honey, this unknown from down under coming up. Looks like he's outboxing Fabio Wley and then pow, Wley shows he's got that one punch knockout power that the power that was really impressive. Um, I'm going to go with the more explosive performance and maybe the stakes weren't quite as high even though it was a world title fight, but Brian Norman Jr. going over to Japan and flatlining Jins Sasaki. Now, I kind of saw some of this coming because Jins Sasaki's been one of those fighters that leads with his chin, but Jinsaki was, I believe, undefeated at that time. Brian Norman Jr., we didn't know kind of what he was going into that fight. He goes out, flattens Jyn Sasaki, explosive. Brian Norman Jr. called it the the knockout of the decade. I'm going to call it the knockout of the year, though. Big one for Brian Norman Jr. &gt;&gt; It was. and he did it against a Japanese fighter going all the way to Japan to do it for a world championship. So, it doesn't get bigger as far as stakes go and you're not wrong there either. So, yeah, man. Well, that was a an exciting fight. If he would have capitalized and came back and beat Haney, I would it would have been hands down, but it just took a little bit of the of the of the shine off Brian Norman because he he really disappointed in that fight against Haney. But that knockout, yeah, I mean, everyone still has it in their mind. I think everyone saw the real power of Brian Norman Jr. in that fight. All right, I want to ask you to to flip it up. Let's change it up a little bit. Fighters we're looking forward to seeing in 2026. Now, I'm not talking about like the Virgil Ortizes or the Ban Rodriguez's or Sebastian or any of the great fighters over in the UK. I'm talking about the upand cominging guys, the prospects that you're excited to see what they can do in 2026. Ernesto Tito Marcato. I mean, he's a Southern California kid. Uh they're doing an incredible job with him. He has he has that look. He has put a microphone in front of his mouth. We've seen how he was conducting interviews. He's excellent on the microphone doing Beyond the Bell, but he's a knockout puncher. 18 wins, no losses, 17 knockouts. I mean, that's an incredible high knockout ratio by a by a by a kid that just has it it that it he has it. the power, the looks, and the promoter. I think he's gonna have a huge uh uh upcoming year, and I think sky's is the limit for him because he can be the next big star in boxing because he checks off all the boxes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's had some issues with his own health. He's had some issues with the health of his opponents. It's kind of derailed him over the last couple of years. That last fight he had against Moran, that was just his second fight uh in about two years with Matroom. So, it's good to see him getting back in the ring. And I like the fact that he fought late in the year, which means he'll be back early in the year. We'll probably see him back the first two months, three months of 2026. Maybe he gets three fights in this year. Keep climbing the rankings. And I agree with you. I think the combination of his entertainment power, like he's a very entertaining guy, plus his promotional backing, plus the fact I think he's going to climb the rankings pretty quickly. We're going to see Tito Marcato in with a big fight and a big with a big opponent in a big fight very soon. You saw him calling out Shakur Stevenson. &gt;&gt; He's not there yet. not there yet, but like Rich Higgins is out there, Keshan Davis is out there. There are a lot of guys out there that he could fight in 2026 that would be big fights uh for uh Tito Mcato. The guy I'm looking at though, a little bit further down the uh depth chart in boxing, Joshua Edwards, who is the former Olympian heavyweight uh US Olympian, I should say, uh only, I think, 5-0 with five knockouts on his resume. so very early in his boxing career. But Sergio, the heavyweight division is dead in the United States. There are no marquee heavyweight names. Hell, we're still talking about 40-year-old Deontay Wilder being in a big fight. 40-year-old Deontay Wilder taking on Alexander Usyk. That's where we are with the US heavyweight scene. Joshua Edwards, we've called some of his fights. He seems to have a lot of the tools you like to be a a top level heavyweight. Good footwork, great power, technique. He's got Ronnie Shields in his corner, so he's got a guy that's built heavyweights before, worked with heavyweights before. Um, I like Joshua Edwards, you know, his his upside here. And look, he's probably going to get through 2026 with like six wins, seven wins, none of them of a high level variety. Doesn't matter as long as they're knockouts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think you're going to see him get to double digit wins in 2026. And we're going to be talking about him going into 2027. And we're going to be talking about him against someone like Moses Tama because both those guys are in their early 20s. Both those guys have skill, they've got power, and is way more advanced. The Tama is a contender right now. But Joshua Edwards, I think you're gonna see him like headline a show maybe in Texas. Um, and you're going to be hear people talking more and more about him because there's nobody else. Who else is out there in the US heavyweight boxing scene that you're really excited about? Who's the name? There isn't one. &gt;&gt; There isn't one just aside from Batama and Edwards. And it's because they carry power and footwork. They're they're a new class of athletic power punching heavyweights. You know, we already got our dose of the 6'5 plus 250 pound plus heavyweights. These guys just a shade under that. you know, they're they're going back to the 80s size heavyweights, you know, six foot two, you know, six foot one, but they have good power. They they're entertaining, they're muscular. These guys bring footwork to the mix because they have that amateur pedigree, that amateur success. I think Edwards is uh cut from that cloth and he has a great right hand, maybe one of the best right hands uh in heavyweight boxing as far as a young guys come up and coming. a tal I love his right hook and he's doing it from that southpaw stance. So Edwards and Atal I think are the future and both of them are from different parts of the world. Uh we always want to see an American heavyweight you know carry the crown but you know these Brits you know they're growing bigger and bigger stronger and stronger getting the big opportunities by the bigger promoters and a lot of money invested in them. I think that's the future of heavyweight boxing is putting up the the number one you know champion in America against the number one heavyweight champion in the in uh in in the UK. And that's when all eyes are on boxing and it's a world heavyweight championship. &gt;&gt; Like I'm just looking at the list like Jared Anderson, can he be rebuilt to be a world champion guy? I don't know. &gt;&gt; And all the other guys are old like Richard Torres Jr. is kind of more of a bridgerweight to me. He's not &gt;&gt; He's a little bit on the small side. Um &gt;&gt; like all the other guys, Deontay, Andy Ruiz, Jerrell Miller, &gt;&gt; Michael Hunter, Germaine F. This is not &gt;&gt; This is probably the weakest the US heavyweight boxing scene has been &gt;&gt; ever. Ever. That's why Joshua Edwards's presence, I think, is so important for boxing. &gt;&gt; And it it goes to show to you that, you know, I I go back to saying about the the Brits doing their thing. I mean, they once you cross the 168 mark, the British fighters are some of the best in the world. I mean, they they they hold the reigns at super middleweight for a long time. had some of the best super middleweights, but now they're going to the heavyweights and everything in between there. And they're getting they're getting, you know, they're mixing their style. They're they're not just boxers. They're not just punchers. They're a hybrid of both now. And and and add the the the amateur pedigree, the Olympic success, and the trainers behind them, the money that they put behind in their camps. I think they're they're the future, man. And that's the reason we're talking about them more than American uh prospects and heavyweights. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The US used to be the homes the great heavyweights. So many great heavyweights came out of the US. Came out of the Olympic program. Now there's none. But I think Joshua Edwards has the potential to be that uh next guy. All right, Sergio. I will leave you to your New Year's resolutions, which again is eating, drinking, and spending more money. &gt;&gt; That's exactly what I'm going to do right now. And smoke smoke more cigars. &gt;&gt; Excellent resolution. You're going to be a healthy man in 2026. Thank &gt;&gt; God willing.