Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. Beyond the bell here live on the zone co I come to you first. Were you surprised that no decision was made by the man there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I am surprised. I mean it would have been a great way for Lee to go out on a win. A massive win, a massive massive rivalry. Obviously Josh has lost. not ideal to go out on a loss, but it's clear to see that he he's seen seen much better days. And um both guys are right at the end of their career. Unless Lee can maybe get a big fight at the City Ground, guaranteed, something like that, that that might be appealing to him. But why not? You know, he's had an amazing career. He's been a world champion and he's just uh he's just finished that fight off with a with a local rival and won the bottle of Britain or whatever you want to call it. So, I'm surprised, but it was an excellent performance from him and his team, you have to give his team credit. They It was a completely different performance. Um, so they they certainly studied the first fight, but from start to finish, I give I give Josh one round and it was the last round. Um, but I I think it's Sunny made a good point. That's the best we've seen Lee Wood in a number of years, but is that down to how bad Josh was or maybe how good Lee was tonight? because his last fight against Anto Kachi in my opinion I thought he was done. He looked to me like he was punching in slow motion. He was getting hurt with a lot of shots. His legs were stiffening up but he just came back and that was a I I didn't see that coming. I actually fancied Josh Warrington very strongly coming into this fight but he bossed it from start to finish. &gt;&gt; Josh Kelly, what did you make of the performance from Leeward tonight through those 12 rounds? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a clever measure performance. I think um him turning southpaw was a bit of a shock and I seen the rival gloves on him so in my eyes when I seen that happening I thought is he hurt his hand is that why he's turning southpaw and he's got different gloves on but it was a it just nullified Josh's work and Josh looked a bit unshy couldn't really never get a foothold in the fight so I thought it was a great performance from Le a welldeserved winner &gt;&gt; Tony it seems your prediction in the buildup as you told us just before the main event ring walks was somewhat similar to the fight in October 2023 that maybe Josh would be ahead but then Lee would land that equalizer we've seen him land. That wasn't what played out tonight. &gt;&gt; No, Josh was just he just couldn't land anything of note and every time he stepped close and look to get stuck in on the inside he just got tied up. It was really really clever from Lee Wood. Lee Wood met him every single time with clean punches and then as I said once he got through them clean punches and wanted to work he just got locked up and he couldn't figure it out. And that's a sign of when a fighter can't figure it out on the spot, it's a sign he's in decline. You know, the old Josh Wson in there would have just let his hands go inside. No matter what's going on, he wouldn't have been locked down so easily. And he just couldn't do it tonight. And I just thought Leewood was a step ahead. It was really clever. He was really smart. Uh, and he was by far the better fight tonight. More strings to his bow. The hands constantly at the side. You've got to stop headunting. Literally, the body doesn't move when your hands at your side. got to start digging the stomach, digging down low. And that's what he just he just wasn't at it tonight. And I don't want to say he's passed it because I thought tonight was a battle of who's got the most left. And it was quite clear to see that was needed. &gt;&gt; What do you want to see both men do now then, Tony? On the back of that, &gt;&gt; uh, do you know what a lot of it's dependent on? I think Antonio Kakachi and and Jazza Dickens. I think if Jazza Dickens is to get past Kakachi, he'd happily meet one of these at their ground on their on their territory. Either one of them to be honest, if Antonio Kaki's to win again, I don't think there's anywhere for these two to go. So, I think they're looking at domestic honor. I think both lads are done at world level at the top level. Even though this was Leewood's best performance tonight in years, I think a lot of that was down to what was in front of him in Josh Warrington instead of instead of how brilliant Leewood was, which is harsh to say, but it's kind of the truth. Well, Josh had the the dream night, didn't he, when he became world champion at Ellen Road. Josh, we know you're desperate for that big fight at the Stadium of Light as well in Sunderland. Can you understand why Lee wants to to see what can be done? It's he's desperate, isn't he, to fight in the City ground one day before he does hang up the gloves? Yeah, I mean an atmosphere in a stadium that especially a home stadium. I don't think anything comes close to it. So I mean look at that there. A great performance, a great win. Filled a stadium full arena full here tonight. And if it was my choice, I think I walk away war me faculties intact, me money in the bank and caught a day. But you never know, he might hang on for that one one last one last roll of the dice at the stadium. But that's Lee's choice. What did you make Josh of the fight in your weight division as well? 154 pounds. A massive moment for Bella Waz who's had to do things the hard way in this game. Just seemed that Ishmail Davis seemed to really tire in that one. Yeah, I mean Ishmail was I felt as though he was in control the first half of the fight, first four or five rounds and um I mentioned to the guys on on Comey, I said, "Listen, you give this guy a foothold in the fight emotionally and spiritually. He's he's made for that. You give him a little foot in the fight and he's going to start taking you give him an inch and he'll take a mouth. So soon as you start landing a couple of shots, start doing them shouts he does and getting in Ishmail's head. I was thinking this is not looking good and his energy rose from there and he sort of took over. It was it was a great performance from Fawaz. Um I was a bit shocked how tired Ishmael look but it was a clever performance as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no doubt Ishmael will rebuild Cob. He's a character, isn't he? Faz as well as a good fighter. And I think Eddie Herman will like the value he brings to a fight week. &gt;&gt; I think so. I mean, the story we touched on in the at the top of the show, it's remarkable and and everything he's had to go through to get himself into this position. And the kids just became British champion, but he doesn't have a British passport. It it doesn't make a lot of sense to me, but um he's a he's a quality fighter. He's a bit um flamboyant. Um he he speaks as almost like he's Shakespeare. Um but it's a character. It's a new character and it's it's someone who can really fight as well. But like Josh said, after about five rounds, I thought it was going to be an easy fight for Ishmail. He was so in control, but he just started to gas too early in the fight. It's not normally like him. Normally he can finish quite strong. We've seen it against you, Josh, Demo, where he did that, but tonight he he looked exhausted from about the halfway point and play to Fawaz. It was a great win and just adds another chapter to a great story. &gt;&gt; A fan of Bal Fawaz Tony Bill. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a character. Carl just hit the nail on the head. He's a character. He's one we want to see more of. H I think Ishmael tonight will be kicking himself. It's Ishmael for me. He fights really well in in either the first half of the fight or the second half of the fight. He's not a full 12 round fighter and that's what he needs to be. You can't be a one half round fighter. You know, you just can't do it. You've got to be able to fight for 12 threeminute rounds if you are going to retain titles and keep hold of them. Tonight, it's a it's a severe lesson learned. And he's in the who needs your club now. Ishmail Davis. No one's going to want to face Ishmail in that kind that kind of level. They're not going to want to land him back in. &gt;&gt; So, it's it's a long road back for them. It really is. As for Faz, &gt;&gt; he's going to be entertaining. Um the style with him after four rounds, it was a shut out and then all of a sudden from five, he starts creeping back in. He gets the job done. So, let's see who he can be matched with next. There's plenty of domestic fights out there for him. &gt;&gt; Final word to you, Josh Kelly. Fight fans, fans of Josh Kelly, when can we expect fight news on your ring return? &gt;&gt; Well, there could be something in there could be something looming in June. So, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Sooner the better. &gt;&gt; June's a good time for an outside fight, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It is, mate. It sounds nice. &gt;&gt; There you go. Will it be the stadium like that remains to be seen. Two top servants who have given British boxing so much. Tonight, though, in Nottingham, it was Lee Wood who indeed became the last man standing. We are wait for Bo. From myself, Jamie Ward, Cole Frampton, Josh Kelly, and Tony Belleu from Nottingham. It is good evening and it's good night.