Kind: captions Language: en Let's take a look at the tale of the tape for our main event tonight. Amanda Serrano versus Reina Tellez. Reina Tellez taking this fight on just two weeks notice as the height disadvantage and is at a reach disadvantage and the experience disadvantage as well. But what she does have is a whole lot of height, a whole lot of heart, and an opportunity tonight on the biggest stage to show the world who Reina Tellez is. Okay, ladies. This is an honor to be here in tonight with you. Okay? Obey my command all the time. Protect yourself all the time. The punch right here is good. The punch good is right here, okay? Good luck. God bless you. It's important to mention Reina Tellez Reina Tellez did not make the weight at yesterday's weigh-in for this world title fight coming in 0.2 lb over the weight. So, she will not be eligible to win the titles tonight even if she does win the fight. The titles would become vacant. Only on the line as a defense here for Amanda Serrano. Serrano the southpaw white, blue, and pink trunks. Tellez in the fight wearing the all blue definitely looking the part tonight. Albeit taking the fight, Nonito, her first world title fight on 15 days notice. Right now Serrano is very composed and she's willing to land land that land that straight and that hook which she did earlier. You know, the composure that she does she's walking around with it. But I I I see Tellez determined. But right now in this 2 seconds of it already the difference in skills are prominent between Serrano and Tellez. She's got that jab Chris Mannix, but Tellez is keeping her honest Nonito. She is. She's keeping her honest. Tellez can punch. She's She's a little bit of a plotter, but she she can punch. Serrano looking to go down to the body here in round two, but Tellez is doing a good job doing some solid body shots with her straight right hand as well. That's first round Amanda Serrano 31 of 106. A a relentless pace and Tellez right behind her throwing 72 punches in round one. Hm. And maybe this is why she's just kind of pacing. She just ate two straight left hands from Amanda Serrano there. To your point, having a difficult time getting her punches off, but only shooting a single jab is not going to help that, right Nonito? She needs to at least double up try to cut that distance. You know. Variety they're looking for from her. There's that left hand that they were looking for her to land. She lands it twice there. Three times in fact on Serrano. [Applause] And that was a a good combination there from Tellez because she was able to get that outside foot position. &gt;&gt; to break the record Christy Martin's record of most knockouts by a female fighter. So, I'm curious to see if she'll go for the knockout as we go on with this fight cuz she's clearly winning. She can fight at this pace all night long. If she continues to land flush in flurries like she has right here and stands toe-to-toe with Reina Tellez, we could be on our way there. Those body shots that she's she's spending time on right now. Are they tight on Tellez? A little abrasion there underneath the right eye of Tellez here. Especially with the effective way she's been able to go to the body of Tellez. Those kind of shots right there. &gt;&gt; definitely She's killing it. And she's backing up like crazy. Those body shots are effective. Tellez's corner calling for some head movement here. They like her offense, but there's a beautiful catch and shoot right there from Tellez. Having some success here in round six. Again the overhand left from Tellez. Habits. Yeah. You know, she's a fighter. Old habits die hard. Yes, very true. &gt;&gt; And Serrano is one thing about her she's going to walk forward. Yes. Eat a few shots. Lands a lot more than she gets hit with. I like what she's doing right now moving her head and making Tellez miss. Good straight left by Amanda Serrano. But Tellez comes back fires back. Good combination right there from Amanda Serrano. She's a real throwback. And that was a beautiful straight clean shot with the left hand right at the 10 second mark here round seven. A good straight left. See, that's exactly what I'm talking about. Instead of just walking around and and being nonchalant about it, set up. She's exceeding her averages. She came in averaging 70 punches thrown around. She's at 90 here. Ooh, nice body shot. Right down the middle. Right here in front of us here with that left hand. Back comes Reina Tellez. Down to the body. And she did that more earlier last couple rounds. I don't feel like Serrano has gone to the body as uh as often as she did in the earlier rounds. As the two embrace, Reina Tellez says, "Thank you." And the parting words from her corner, "Go be great." Well, she's facing greatness tonight as the crowd rises to their feet. But what Tellez was able to do on two weeks notice is, you know, I can't I can't stress it enough. She's definitely stepped up to the plate in what has been by far her biggest test to date. They were toe-to-toe 10 rounds with a Hall of Famer one of the greatest female fighters of all time. We're in the discussion on the Mount Rushmore. Nice shot there from Serrano as she continues to move forward throwing caution to the wind. That body's hurting Tellez right now. Well, Reina's going for it. You got to respect that. Round 10 where she pretty much has the fight in the bag. She wants that knockout record. &gt;&gt; Gabby, do you expect anything less from the real deal? [Applause] Just after midnight here in San Juan, Puerto Rico and the queen of Puerto Rican boxing is 10 seconds away from walking out of here with her titles and getting back in the win column at 126 lb a weight class where she likely remains undefeated. Stand up, Puerto Rico. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 full rounds, we go to the judges' scorecard for the OFFICIAL DECISION. JUDGE IDALIA PARRAGA SEES IT 98 to 92. While judges Robin Taylor and Carla Caiz see it 97 to 93 declaring your winner by unanimous decision and still THE UNIFIED FEATHERWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD, THE real deal, AMANDA SERRANO! AND STILL YOUR WINNER TONIGHT BY unanimous decision, Amanda Serrano collects win number 48.