Kind: captions Language: en And it's a tasty start in the middleweight division. The 22-year-old American really excited to see him. Amir Anderson undefeated in six all by stoppage rather like Pat Brown's record last night. This is a guy with long levers but uses it very well. I mean, when you're tall, most fighters have to move their feet then punch. When you're tall with long levers, you move your you punch then you move your feet close. And he does that very very well. So, it's hard to really counter him or get the range before he throws his Right in on his left. The sucker punch wasn't there. Good jab and body work. Quick hands noticeable very early on from Amir Anderson who looks as confident in the ring as he did coming into it. The performance of the night. And look at that hand speed as Dujon is just caught in the neutral corner. And he doesn't really want to be there at the end of these long arcing punches. &gt;&gt; not busting a gut here, Anderson, to force the pace. He just That was a beauty of a shot. Dujon really felt that. And now he's trapped in the other neutral corner being pinned back here. The Brit. And it's really good from Amir Anderson who looks flowing, languid, and powerful. &gt;&gt; Cuz that might force Dujon just to overreact a little bit. And that's exactly what he wants, Anderson, doesn't he? This is good work backing him into the red corner. Barrage of shots head and body. Yeah, more aggressive. And as Barry was saying, more combinations. Back comes Dujon. Tries to have a go as well. Walks into an uppercut. He's very brave, the Brit. But he's being outgunned here. Body shots. In trouble in his own corner back into the fourth round. Banged up around THE LEFT EYE AS WELL. BUT HE TRIES TO THROW SOME hooks in. And that was a torrid last 30 seconds. It is. He's just getting beaten up now, really, Dujon. He comes back with a combination showing will and heart and determination. But he just doesn't have it. the distance really well. As Barry said, maybe get a bit close when he's attacking but generally keeps himself in a safe zone, Anderson. Oh, that's a lovely left uppercut. Beautiful. He's shown us something with the right. He's shown us with the left. Multifaceted. I tell you something here from Anderson. He doesn't care about what's coming back from Dujon, either. Lovely body shot there. Back comes Dujon. But yep, you're right, he's not troubling him. You learn everything under these bright lights. That little bit of pressure. But this is good work again. Again, lots of bit of movement side to side but he's really putting his foot on the gas. And he has GOT THE STOPPAGE. STOPPAGE AND IT MEANS THE WORLD TO HIM. IT'S SEVEN OF HIS WINS BY KNOCKOUT INSIDE THE DISTANCE. And Jordan Dujon's brave effort comes to an end.