Kind: captions Language: en Austin Ammo Williams who thought he was going to be challenging for the WBC middleweight championship against Carlos Adamus [music] is now instead fighting windy Haitian fire Tucson to travel I think four time zones two continents and whatever it was to GET THERE RIGHT HAND FROM Tucson is landing some nice right hands I don't like the fact that animal's getting hit so early and this is a knock I have on animal lack of upper body movement still he's still getting hit by the same punch and THAT'S A STRAIGHT AHEAD WITH that right hand. &gt;&gt; There's a little clash of heads. You can see ammo pointing AT HIS FOREHEAD. &gt;&gt; Anybody that just looking to counter, you know, so you're always doing something in between the combination. Good right hand again from the more dramatic power punches. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Because it ammo's making it easy on him. He's not making him think about nothing. &gt;&gt; So Ammo Williams, nice left hand there. really coming out a little hotter than he had the previous three rounds. &gt;&gt; Another combination. Not sure if you can hear the corner for a microphone. You probably can again Williams trying to cut the ring off. Did a good job there. Laying some body shots. Good body shots there by catching kind of those body shots. They're going to have an effect real fast. Now you see Emma Williams just been in a sevenwe CAMP WHO BIG a lightning strike from BEAUTIFUL SHOT maybe they're going to let him go get a chance to fire that shot first punch for fighters to throw because you're exposed if you don't land it cleanly that was last year. They've been working on that shot in camp. Tucson's corner say, "Look, you got to fight him now. Stand there. You're the better fighter. Go get it." I serge though. Step on the gas for Williams. I can't see Tucson being fully recovered that quickly. Yeah, the referee took a long look at him. Almost stopped it. The bell saved him for sure. Madison Square Garden against a favorite opponent, Andre Miller. There's a nice shot from Tucson to start round six. It's &gt;&gt; an important round for Tucson. He's going to attempt to try to win this fight. HE HAS TO PUNCH WITH AMMO. HE LANDED A GOOD LEFT HOOK right there. Let's see if he can get something going. &gt;&gt; Judge Max Duca scores it 98 to 91. And both judges, Ben Rousel and Tom Kerosone score it the same 99-0. All for your winner by unanimous decision. Austin Williams. [bell] Well, not much drama there as