Kind: captions Language: en When I took a break from boxing, yes. Inoue: Yes. What kind of person is he? How do you define Ii as a person based on his life outside the ring? Yeah. What part is it? Hmm. Well, I'm basically the same. yes. Well, it's different in the ring, but, you know , like, the interviews after the match , they probably come out just as they are . He just kept that same energy, just like that , and even though it was a winner's interview, he didn't try to present himself in a certain way or try to show Naoya Inoue as Naoya Inoue [music] or anything like that, that was probably just him as he is . It is me, so yeah. Well, once practice starts, they do switch into training mode, and there are definitely some people who have a certain presence, but once it's over, they're just normal again. It's like just being yourself . At this point in the career of a parent fighter, not just as a fighter and a boxer, but as a person, considering age and various other factors, in order to maintain balance and, you know, a core, yes. I think that my current position , my family, and various other things like that are supporting me right now, but now that I'm 32, I'm starting to see things differently , and that is, retirement. I've reached the point where retirement is inevitably on the horizon, and as I've been thinking about what I'll do after that, I've decided that I want to follow in Chairman Ohashi 's footsteps. Well, when I thought that might be the best way to repay their kindness, I realized that it opens up a lot of different perspectives. As the number of younger colleagues has increased, I've started thinking about how to present myself to them, and well, my perspective and way of thinking have changed in various ways, so that's where I am now. I think that the core of it all is that various things are supporting me right now . Um, the opponent we'll be playing against next is Alan Picas. Yes. When it comes to studying him, what makes him stand out? Well, Naru-san, you're also very focused on him, yes . Well, I think I'll stand up to it, but is there a reason why you think it's that dangerous? Yes. Well, one thing is that there's about a 10cm difference in height, and then, of course, he's young, undefeated at 25, and he has momentum, and one thing I'm wary of is that when Picasso fights other fighters, his motivation isn't the same. yes. Well, they're trying to take everything away from me . So, compared to past players, they're about 1.5 or 2 times stronger when they're in peak condition. Yeah. Well, that's what I'm most wary of right now. Inoue is a fighter who has already won titles in various weight classes, and I think he himself is probably well aware that he has become someone that everyone is trying to beat. Even so, I still aim high and have that kind of hungry spirit . What's going to take it away? Yeah. Well, I guess, I just really love boxing, so that's the most important thing . yes. If I didn't love it anymore, I probably would have quit by now, and I think I've already achieved results that I can be satisfied with, so the only thing left is that I really love Maki. [Music] Yes, the card that will be held in person on December 27th will feature Jun Nakatani. That appearance is also a possibility. Fans probably see this night as the start of a superfight between two Japanese players. So, what do you think about that kind of thing, Mr. Kakeru? Well, of course, the fact that they'll be working together in the same industry here in Riyadh means that , and I think the fans who watch will be excited and looking forward to next year . Well, I also need to show through my music starting on the 27th that I'm definitely on top of that . Well, the goal is for both sides to win. Ah, that's probably the most important point . Well, if a match against Nakatani becomes unavoidable, I think that the match will bring something special to the Japanese boxing world. A match between two Japanese fighters at this point will certainly liven up boxing and the boxing world. Well , it is an important match for the further development of [music], and if we want to make boxing even more popular, then I think it's a match that we absolutely cannot lose. Well, I still have to keep the excitement going . I think it's wrong . Um, when it comes to developing new talent, does it really come down to what you're thinking ? Or do you think that right now I'm number one, and there's still a stage where I can compete , and that, well, as a business, I'm going to succeed, and that's how I'm thinking about things right now? Well, as I mentioned earlier, right now I'm only thinking about myself. yes. I mean, things like yesterday's sparring session , well, I don't want my juniors to see it . Well, I'm still a player myself, and I have the motivation to maintain that level, and I have the feeling that I can't lose, so I ca n't say that you should just watch my performance and steal it. yes. Yeah. Since I'm still at the top, I have a lot of pride, so that's how I feel. [Music] Yeah. I think that once those feelings start to fade, the fighting spirit will probably weaken. Yeah. Yes, when the rubber band sounded to signal the start of the game on the 27th. Naoya, who will be fighting against the Alan Pi family, will show the world what kind of world he is, but this time he will really show overwhelming strength, yeah. Well, last time, I made a strategy to make the decision a real gamble, but this time, I'm really going to show the difference in our abilities . I just want to show my strength . This is my last question. After those 21 matches, in 2026, well, ideally, or rather, what you're aiming for, is to continue the legacy of Naoya's rise and legend and lead to the next victory. Is that how it looks? Well, as of now, what's decided is that it will be in May of next year, 2026. Well, so, [music] on the 27th, if we both manage to beat Nakata, it will happen there in May next year, so yeah. Well, as for what comes after that, there's no talk of it right now , so it probably comes down to whether I'll stop and work on it for the Super Pantograph , or try it with one I've already bought . Well, personally, I do have the idea of ​​challenging for the featherweight title in mind, so if I can take on a challenge in that weight class, I think I'll be able to move up the featherweight ranks again. Are you looking forward to it ? And also, well, I've still called you, but... Yeah. Well, when you get to the featherweight division , well, my weight isn't quite enough yet , and there are still some physical issues, so I'm feeling both anxious and excited . Well, it's because I have those kinds of feelings that I can really pursue this, or rather, those kinds of feelings arise, so I want to challenge myself in those areas as well. Well, I think it's over when you stop challenging yourself . yes.