Kind: captions Language: en A really good chief support here. Great stories the pair of them. Hston Brown 9 and0 from here in Glasgow been through the mail but the talent is there at 35. Can he still make a real push on this middleweight scene? And then there's Sam Gilly. Really good tough fighter. Former Commonwealth champion but at the weight below. This is a risk as the guys were saying. He's 31, four years younger. He's got momentum despite that defeat to Ishmael Davis. He's fit and ready. It's a good fight and it could be explosive. Okay, gentlemen, obey my commands. In the event of a knockdown, the fighter standing will go to the furthest neutral corner and stay there. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. How will Gilly be up at middleweight? And as for Aston Brown, who's found some real form? Is it all a bit late in his pro career? He's 35 now. Gilly more active, more seasoned and a right hand. A good start. &gt;&gt; Put your arms out. Pull your arms out. Just trying to physically even though rushing is weird. just got to be the bigger the bigger guy in there and just push Gilly back with the feet. &gt;&gt; Exchanging body shots. Not a bad one in from Gilly, but what sort of pop will he have up in the middle division? We know Aston Brown can punch. There's the body shot. Gum shield a little loose of Gilly. He might have to weather some of these big meaty blows early cuz Brown's got rid of a few lately. behind behind. &gt;&gt; Oh, the great sling right hand back comes from action just heating up. Last 30 of the first round. That's better from Brown with his hands up coming forward. I know he does see that left hand open. hard to read, &gt;&gt; but he's just inviting him to throw that right hand over the top. &gt;&gt; It's very relaxed Sam Gilly to me. Good body shot when he knows that Aston Brown hasn't gone beyond six rounds. He wants to drag him late. Just cranking up the pressure and smiling and talking to him in there. I think Sam Gilly is having all the pressure fighting at Tottenham Hotspur that night. A big Spurs fan. It was a huge night with the venue back rematch. Now he hasn't got that. It's an away job. He's got nothing to lose and he looks very relaxed. &gt;&gt; He's doing the right thing here. He's boxing off the back foot. Counter him well and then just kind of burn up as well when he gets a chance and walk into the center of the ring. Smart stuff from Gilly. Good jab as well. Just straight down the pipe from Gilly. Look for the body shot as Brown tries to open up but let's see if Gilly can take it. He's dishing it back TO HIM AND CATCHING GROUND. &gt;&gt; Nice good shot right hand there by Is there a cut to the left eye of Silly? Just keep your eye on that. I'm not sure there's a cut or just a bit of marking. Body shot from Brown. He wants a tear up. &gt;&gt; Unofficial card. It's an excellent start. Yeah, I mean the first round you could you could have maybe give the the first round to Brian. It was a tight one, but I I think that the second round was a little more clear from Joy Boy still a good but a good chopping right hand from Brown Barry came back at the end of the second but I agree with you. I thought Gilly has nicked the first two but it's um shaping up into a really interesting encounter. There's the jab from Gilly. Just picking his shots well, isn't he, Barry? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, Brown's helping him out here by the low guard, &gt;&gt; but he's walking too close and his hands go. I mean, that again, that jab does more than just land scoring shots. It gives you the range. It keeps them busy, you know. It's almost can be a defensive move, but you got to work around it. &gt;&gt; That was a prime example. Bar just walked into the range. It was hard to choose. Perfect right hand as well. Yeah, sweet right hand from Sam Gilly. Brown just not quite getting his start right and he's talking to us. Sam Gilly, he's a fantastic character. He really is. He loves this guy. It &gt;&gt; is a step up for Aston Burn in terms of the level of opposition. Um, but it's important here. He needs to try and remain obviously aggressive and go forward, but not not get frustrated. He's fell a few rounds behind I think anyway on my scorecard not to do anything simple but it's a it's a 10 round fight so he's got to start clawing it back soon or it's going to be too late and he's doing things out in other fights with walking down that front with pressure coming a little bit feeling a little bit overall but Gilly's not so again he's not using again it's so important that jab he's not using it just to find the range and push Gilly back and to keep him busy while he does look for that big wide &gt;&gt; and the first of the night. I mean, that's a great shot. Just run a little bit of space and landed two shots, but Gilly's jab for the smaller man has been much better, much better than Brown. I think he's sharper. I think he's showing his experience. You can see the jabs landed, everything there in the favor of Sam Gilly. I think he just feels confident and relaxed and probably round after round enjoying this new middleweight division. He doesn't have to grind himself down to shoot for welter. &gt;&gt; No, he doesn't. &gt;&gt; He doesn't. He doesn't, Adam. I think that um &gt;&gt; I think them company PS as well, they were very very close, weren't they? But it's not really what we're seeing here with our own eyes. I think we we we all kind of agree that that Billy has a bit of a lead, but if you take the fact, you know, it could be one and a half rounds each. &gt;&gt; Right hand again from Gilly. the eye catching punches. Back comes Brown. He's got a feverish support here behind him. He's had his problems outside the ring. He's been to prison. He's had difficulties, but it's great to see him back doing what he does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look at just end. We just seen an example. I know we were talking about Aston B. We just seen an example of of some clever boxing from Sam Gilly where he was under a little bit of pressure. A B was coming forward. He tied him up and walked into the center center of the ring. Some of these body shots from Brown really good work there. They're heavy. Really heavy and he threw a right hand a few seconds ago. &gt;&gt; Sorry to interrupt. There's some bad damage under the right eye of Aston Brown. We already saw Nico levers have been pulled out with eye problems earlier and uh that doesn't look good. It's brilliant just having him back in a ring. There's the body shots better from the ground. Comes Gilly with a lovely combination of the right hand. Sweet shots for the Spursman that maybe Aston Brown could have had a share on the three judges and he's definitely done some good work. I'm agreeing with you. I think that Gilly has done THE BETTER QUALITY shots like Gilly was hurt there. Yep. Caught the days in the first MINUTE OF THE FIFTH ROUND. GILLY POUNCE. &gt;&gt; Not now. He's saying &gt;&gt; he's controlling this Barry. &gt;&gt; He is going to be the guy coming forward to control the pace to control the action. He just wants the timing and just the quickness of the round. This has been a fabulous. He's just about up to his feet. Paul Williams has given him every chance, BUT THERE'S A MINUTE 38 LEFT IN THE ROUND. AND THIS IS SAM GILLY'S RESURRECTION NIGHT. He can take it RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW. AND IT'S GOING TO BE STOLEN. SAM GILLY WITH A MASSIVE WIN AWAY FROM HOME. AND ARE YOU WATCHING THAT OLLIE M? Because he's SINGING IN THE RING, SAM GILLY. AND HE HAS HIS COMEBACK. AND IT'S FABULOUS TO SEE Anderson Brown beat for the first time. But you know what? You wouldn't get a better pro than Sam Gilly. He took his opportunity and he has shot in Scotland. Do you know what? It goes to show if you take opportunities and you roll the dice sometimes. He arrived earlier tonight and he said to me, "This is my night." And he has gone from first bell to the stoppage in the fifth. and he has executed a sweet win. Sam Gilly, great respect for Aston Brown afterwards who played his part as G was saying and he'll learn from it. But this is Gilly's night. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. Brown will learn from that realizing you got to go back to that jab that he must have learned as an amateur to use so well to get the range from the distance. He he gifted the target too often for Sam Gilly. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 35 seconds of round number five. Our referee in charge, Bob Williams, stops the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout. And now, the WBA International Middleweight Champion, SAM, THE MAGIC MAN, KILLY. The Gilly fans celebrate. It's a big win. WBA International Middleweight Champion. He's a new addition at 11 stone six. Aston Brown will come again. Just fantastic to even have him back boxing.