Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Well, you both know the rules. So, let's just have a good clean fight. Okay. Most of all, remember to defend yourselves at all times. All right. Touch. &gt;&gt; Here we go. A crunch classic encounter bitting the ferocious gloves of Backram Must Ali and the clever skilled hands of Josh Kelly for the ultimate prize in boxing the world title its property of the Russian right now. Can Kelly carry out a game plan? 36 MINUTES of tactical brilliance with those wonderful feet and the boxing IQ or will the power and the aggression of this man 23 and0 with 17 knockouts Martell he looks very very dangerous but Mazelv he's he's always on the ascendancy he's always creeping forward but he's not in a rush he's just keeping that gentle pressure on And he's making him react. He's making him hold and he took it well. Kelly comes back at him. Does he want to get inside up close and personal? Maybe not this early. Interesting opener here in Newcastle. All the hopes that Josh Kelly can become a real star of these parts at the age of 31. But Mr. Zanf has other ideas. There's big fights on the horizon. unifications as the two open up. &gt;&gt; A bit of a dangerous moment there for Josh. He finds his way out of it though. &gt;&gt; Good shot from Josh Kelly though as he falls into the space. Just made to come over that front foot, didn't he? And land that right. What Mal does to you quite often is what he what happened there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a perfect shot from Josh Kelly. That's exactly how he would have envisaged this game. Three touches in the fourth round TO KELLY. WHAT ABOUT THAT? AS GOOD AS he can though, Josh Kane and a shake of the head and a wing from what a shot that was. Focus, discipline required now. Uses momentum of to try and find the counter. Speed, timing, accuracy from Kelly and it is M. the puncher who finds himself on the floor in the fourth round. And indeed, what does that do to the mindset of both of these guys? &gt;&gt; Well, it's definitely good for the scorecards to Kelly. &gt;&gt; Let's have a look at the shot here. Nice moving on the back foot and he just walked Mazell onto a lovely jab. You see the legs just give way from under him. More of a balance thing, I think. But lovely shot. Look at that. &gt;&gt; It's the It's the change of angle. He's in the middle of him. He's in the middle of him. He steps, brings his arm outside and then punches round his side instead of through the middle. &gt;&gt; Though the pace had not been electric, knowing that you've got to stay switched on, you cannot leave for a second. That is mentally draining and that sends signals to the body. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that seems quite a good shot from Kelly. Well done. Quick snappy shot still from Kelly, but this calm forward motion from Mr. Zalv almost grinding his man down and the energy levels. Well, they've got to be full to the tank for Kelly tonight. Although there's a lot of pressure, there's no panic, is there on the face, the expressions from Kelly are positive. Nice jab. &gt;&gt; Another lovely clean shot left hand, but he's making They've missed by inches sometimes. &gt;&gt; AND HE'S PLANTING HIS FEET. JOSH KELLY. He said a couple of times in the buildup that he fancies the stoppage late on against Mr. Alio. Most people predicted the other way, but that body shot REALLY HURT THE CHAMPION THERE. HE'S HAD A COVER UP AND Kelly is boxing the fight of his life. &gt;&gt; Quick fact here, 11 of Mr. Ali's 17 knockouts have come within three rounds. So, not that many come late on. And you wonder whether he's running out of ideas as well as time. He still throws heavy artillery, but Kelly is up to it. Got him &gt;&gt; and he's bundled out and he's going to be COUNTING IN JOSH KELLY. He felt the force of that. And that's the DANGER OF MERAL. AND NOW HE GIVES him the eyes. So all over the corner. &gt;&gt; Mr. Ali on the floor in the fourth. on the floor IN THE NIGHT. DRAMA HERE after Josh Kenny's BEEN BOXING SO WELL. HE LOOKS AT Adam Booth and he's got to somehow see this out this bit. That was a fantastic shot. Look at the legs of Kenny but he's doing the right thing here trying to stop the work but thunderous shot. &gt;&gt; What Mel has started to pick up on is every time Josh Kenny's backed up into a spot. He dips down and then goes in foil but often to Josh's right side. So that left hook as soon as he dropped down he just threw it low and he caught him as he blinded himself there. Josh Kelly can't worry about getting taken away. He's just going to do what he can to survive this round. Get back to that corner. Whole turn in doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just like that. Absolutely. Can he do it? 15 seconds left. Mazal stalking him all around the ring. Kelly comes back the fighter but it's a 10 round and it could be stepped on his on his foot on his foot on his toes. Yeah, &gt;&gt; good referee in there. &gt;&gt; Good referee Michael Alexander. No knock down or it would have been 107 and that would have totally changed things. It's 108 to &gt;&gt; but he done well didn't. Let's have a look at that again. Look just inside the guard sunny. He threw to where he was going, not where he started. And that's what he's been doing throughout the fight. Motors 11. He's been flying to where Josh Kelly is, and he's been missing. As soon as he started reacting, he threw that little bit lower and he caught him on the top of the head where he moved down &gt;&gt; and he tried to hold on there, didn't he? Josh Kelly tried to grab, but and that one, no knockdown. So, &gt;&gt; what on earth happens next? &gt;&gt; I think we all see the same way. But some of those wrongs where Kelly was dancing around, people don't like that. I mean, some people don't like that. Maybe some judges don't like that, but I do think he was being effective with the with the jumping of attacks. &gt;&gt; But it matters if the judges like it a lot of the time when you're getting away with a lot doing it is clearly Kelly's fight rather than when he's making I feel that way. &gt;&gt; He's got to worry about that. Kelly trying to set up little tricky here and they need to be tricky. &gt;&gt; He made him miss those shots by an inch. Kelly big shots from Kelly. Look at this in the neutral. The two of them ripping leather into each other. It's a fabulous finish to what's been an absolutely terrific IBF super welterweight title. Whichever way it goes, that wins you a top roll. That's a real That's a real bit of me. That is a real bit of me. turned him into the corner shot from &gt;&gt; the corner beckoning. THEN JUST OVER 30 SECONDS. Will Josh Kelly be crowned the latest Northeast World Champion? Or will that knock down Mazelion just about cling on to his title? Kenny believes THE CORNER BELIEVE. THE CROWD believe he's dancing his way home. 10 seconds to go. Is this the night for pretty boy Josh Kelly? It's been pretty special. Has he become a world champion? I think he's done it. I think he's done it. He thinks he has. And the celebration start a little bit MORE DESPONDENT. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, after 12 rounds of action here in Newcastle, we go to the judges scorecards. Pavle Cardini 113 113. Even John Basili 115 111. &gt;&gt; Steve Gray 113. both for your winner by majority decision AND THE NEW IBF junior middle heavyweight champion Josh Kelly. The tears of emotion and joy can flow. Two decades of hard graft and pretty boy Josh Kelly is Britain's latest world champion.