Kind: captions Language: en Ben Whitaker, congratulations. Backto back first round knockouts on the zone. You wanted to win and look good doing it. How pleased are you with that tonight? That's good, is it? That was good, baby. First of all, Liverpool, thank you very much for turning out. Thank you for Matt for keeping the show on. And thank you to my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ every time. But what did I say backstage, man? I have my two best friends, Dez and Troy. And what did they make? Destroy, baby. You see what happened. You see what happened. &gt;&gt; Just talk us through the shot that ended it. Ben, you wanted another highlight, real knockout to go around the world just like it did in November. Just talk us how you set that one up at the end there. Don't get it twisted. He's a very good fighter. I know I was going to come in for a I was expecting a couple rounds, but then I wasn't as well because the work of my brother, the work with Andy, it's been amazing, man. And like I said, I can still play. I I was just getting into my room and start showboating, having a bit of fun, but I'm hitting now. I'm hitting. And um like I said, to take somebody like that out in the first round, it shows where I'm at. &gt;&gt; You say you're hitting now. Is that down to the work you're doing with Andy Lee? Cuz it seems there's more of a spiteful side to the surgeon now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like I said, my brother Jamie Whitaker, my coach Andy Lee going out to Ireland. You heard what I was representing to Bali Brat, man. So, shout out Ireland. They took me in with both hands and it's amazing being out there. Um, I'm finding my feet. I know when to play. I know when to look sexy and I know when to get them out of there, too. You said you'd made a big mistake, which is probably something you're used to hearing now, Ben, from your opponents. What is it, do you think, Ben, that is different from watching Ben Whit Whitaker, I should say, to being in the ring with the surgeon. How do you compare the two? &gt;&gt; Like I said, those first couple of fights. Yeah, I look good, but I was just messing around, man. These people don't think I can box, so I'm showing them what boxing's about. But we might be going somewhere in June and you might see these shiny shoes again. &gt;&gt; Just before we talk about what's next, Ben, I believe we can have a look at the screen down the back the red corner. We're complaining about the placement of the shot. Just talk to us from your experience what you see here. &gt;&gt; Beautiful body shot. BOW. GOTCHA. AND THAT'S ALL SHE WROTE, MAN. OH, WAIT. &gt;&gt; HEY, the back tattoo looks good. The chest tattoo looks even better. But what a shot, man. And um that's what you call that that one. I think that one was Troy. No, I mean did set it up. But at the end of the day, like I said, he was a great fighter. Uh I don't like to be disrespectful. I'm just having a bit of fun, but that's how you get him out of there, man. And in terms of what is next for you, Ben, you know the score in this game. You've been in boxing for a long time. When you're winning fights in this fashion, boxing fans want to see you stepped up. They want to see you in with the big names already, which you've said is a compliment. What do you think of all that noise around you at such an early stage? And how do you plan on answering it in the next 12 months? &gt;&gt; Well, that was actually a step up and you see what I'm doing. So for me, they can all call me out, but they're calling me out for a reason. Cuz the more I get in this ring, the more experience I get, the more I get comfortable in this ring, it's dangerous for them. So, you know, Eddie's got a tough task. I'm monitoring you the right way, but that's why I join Matt Troom to make that happen. Let's bring in promoter Eddie Hearn. Eddie, as Ben just said there, look, that was a step up. We know what Brian Suarez brings to the table. We've seen what he can do in the ring against top domestic fighters as well, but he's making it look all too easy at the moment. &gt;&gt; And by the way, I'm so glad we've seen Suarez before cuz the haters will say, "Oh, it's another first round knockout. We've seen him go to war with Lyndon Arthur, drop Lyndon Arthur. We've seen him just fight one of the best Russian prospects in the world, have a war with him, take him the distance as well." What you're seeing is the evolution of the next true British great superstar of boxing in Ben Whitaker. Some Some might like it, some might not like it. tough. You got to get used to it because I watch him walk into the ring and I'm thinking superstar, superstar, superstar. He's got the swag and he's It's almost annoying how slick and cool he is because he's got something very special. He's also got he's got a lot of special things. He's also got this man in the corner who's very special as well in Andy Lee. And I just said to him then, you know, we are on the beautiful path here to the World Championships and we got to get it right. And as we peak, we got to be ready for the true tests. You ain't got to wait too long for the true test for Ben Whitaker, but we know exactly what we're doing. Next up, he's going to be where he should be. He's going to be where all the superstars go and like to walk in front of the bright lights. New York, he's coming. Giron Enis against Xanderas Barkley Center Brooklyn. You're going to see the true star of British boxing, Ben Whitaker, make his American debut on June 27th, number one. Then we're going to come back and we're going to headline back in Birmingham in a big fight. Whether that's a big domestic fight, whether that's a final eliminator for the world championship. And by the end of that period, I truly believe in 2027, he'll be ready for every 175 pounder in the world. Honestly, trust us. We know what we're doing. We know you love boxing. We know you love us to fly the flag and beat the very best of the best. We finally got someone in this country who's got all the superstar potential, but could go out and beat them all and just enjoy this journey cuz this young man is very, very special. You may think he's cocky. You may think he's arrogant. But I'll tell you something now, he's not. He's a man of faith. He's a real solid individual as well. Quiet guy. Doesn't go out, doesn't push the boundaries, doesn't mess around. He's dedicated to the sport. He's got an amazing team. And we have got every opportunity to do something very, very special. I'm so happy you're with us. I'm so happy you're with us. We're going all the way. I'm telling you. Ben, you heard the road map there. How does a little trip to America sound for the surgeon? &gt;&gt; Living in America. Ah, hi. That's what it's going to be out there, man. I'm looking forward to it. Thank you to Matt Room. Thank you to my team. Thank you to everybody in this room. It's going to be a good journey. &gt;&gt; Don't go anywhere, Ben. I just want to grab a quick word with your trainer, Andy Lee, former world champion as well, of course, in the house. Andy, you urged everyone during the week. You took on the role of promoter, I think, at the press conference. You urged people to stay and watch Ben Whitaker. From the work you've been doing to what he's just put into practice here, what do you believe we're looking at? It's only going to get better and it's scary. You know, I said that in the press conference. It's scary because I don't know how far or how good he's going to get because to me he's good enough to beat them all right now. He just needs the experience to match the skill, the craft, and the talent. Um, he's got a great team. His dad, his brother, Liam, Heather, the whole lot, the whole team who come with him, Tommy, Yarvy, the whole lot. Will Harvey, they do a great job supporting him. But he does the work. And I know he's flashing. I know he's cocky. that only because he that's only do like that cuz he works his ass off. I don't know many fighters who work as hard as him and uh it's great. Let's go to America. Let's show him one that he can do. Come back here, have a big fight, and next year world championship. &gt;&gt; Ben, final one to you and final one to the crowd and I guess down the camera as well. When the time is right, that's what Eddie Hearn has just told us. What type of force do you believe you will be in boxing on the domestic and indeed the world stage? Of course you want to be a world champion, but I want to go down as one of Britain's best ever boxers. We've got a great bunch of fighters, past and present, but when it's all said and done, I want them to say that Ben Whitaker was good. And that's what they'll say. &gt;&gt; Ben, congratulations. Get your bags packed. You're off to America. Oh, congratulations Andy Lee.