Kind: captions Language: en Ben clinical from the surgeon here in Birmingham tonight on your matrum debut. Big smile on your face in the corner. Did you enjoy that one? &gt;&gt; First of all, I want to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't be where I am now. I want to thank everybody for coming out, buying the tickets, uh, making this night so special. I want to thank Don Mroom Andy Lee and my team. When you walk out pretty like that, you got to back it up. And that's what I did. &gt;&gt; Great to see Gavazi well and and back to his feet at the end of the fight there. But did you feel pressure Ben perhaps to put on a statement like that here tonight? &gt;&gt; No. Um Andy said in the in the locker room he said what you do in sparring is enough. Go out there and do that. We're behind your things. I don't want to give it away but he said we're behind your things and it'll all come together and damn I look good. &gt;&gt; It didn't take too long. Just talk us through it all from your perspective in that opening round from start to finish here tonight. Ben. Yeah, at the end of the day, he was a game kid. I could see it in his eyes. At the end of the day, this is an opportunity for him to change his life. But he said something um at the press conference that I knew let it slip. He said, "He's got nothing to lose." Well, I'm a person that's got everything to lose. &gt;&gt; Was that one of the punches of your career so far? Ben Whitaker at the end there. &gt;&gt; It was pretty like me and Eddie was saying back backstage was laughing. The only clips we got is the rubbish clips. So, it was good that I got a highlight there. He also said at the press conference, Ben, that he didn't see anything too special that you're ordinary. We know you're used to the firepower coming from your opponents, particularly verbally so far. But you say that's what you sign up for when you carry on the way that you do. Did you feel like you answered some of those questions in style tonight? &gt;&gt; Of course. Like I said, he was a game kid. 19 fights or 20 fights. He's only lost one. He come to change his life. But like I said, I'm going to show something special. I'm going to show why I'm different. And you don't get Olympic medals for hopping around on one foot. I can do it all. Baby, challenges are going to get tougher, Ben. But tell this man, you've already told him to show you the money. You're on Matram now. You're on the zone. Where do you want him to take you next? Ben Whitaker, what a platform it is. I feel like I can travel the world with this man on my team and that's why I made the move. But um you know, a lot of people fight him, fight him. They're all calling me out because I'm the man and I've only had 11 fights. So, at the end of the day, I'm going to let this man guide my career. I'll be in the gym and whatever's next is next. promoter Eddie Hearn. Look, when you look at the 175 pound weight division right now, light heavyweight domestically stacked. So many good fights coming up, so many potential names for Ben, the top of the tree, of course, Bivol, Burb, Benvdz right now. Long way to go, but right now, where is he? &gt;&gt; Listen, all I can say is wow. Sometimes people come into an arena, they light up the place, the energy, the ring walk, everything. But what matters is what happens in here. People will say, "Oh, you know, Gavazi, Gavazi, Gavazi coming in with 19 straight wins." He was a tough guy. We know there's many levels above him to where we got to get to. But what you do with that level is you go in there and you destroy them clinically and you produce a show real knockout that the whole world watches for the next week. Millions and millions of views watching this young man who is so special. And when you talk about the greats of British boxing in the past, Nazim Hamemed, Chris Eubanks, Senior, all of those eccentric characters with plenty of ability, this guy has it all. He has the ability to light up British boxing and light up world boxing. And you know, all that stuff, all that showboating, that's good. You I think you're going to see less of that now because it's starting to get serious. But all that stuff's good. The personality is good, but my goodness can he fight. and he has so much ability to go and win world championships for Great Britain, for the Midlands, for all these people. And the one thing I've realized about Ben Whitaker working with him is forget the showmanship, forget all that. This is a good man with a good heart that works day in day out to be the best he can be. And we're excited to be on that journey. He's got one of the best trainers in Andy Lee, a great team of people around him. And how exciting is it? Like he said, he's had 11 fights. Last week you got David Benvdz calling him out of fighter Wembley but like I said we got all these domestic guys and there's so many good fighters respect to them all. We're gonna attempt and I believe go through all of those guys. Bivol, better be benevas. There's many levels to go and there's many levels beyond Gavati. But what you do, as I said, you go in and you produce a performance that makes everybody go, "Wow." This guy is wow. Everybody in this country needs to get behind this because we're dying out for a superstar and Ben Whitaker is him. We are so pleased that he's on the zone with Matram. We're going to do everything we can. We're going to take him all around the world. America. Listen, we don't want to take him to America too much, but America's dying out for Ben Whitaker. You know, you saw the show, the show's clip. SHOW ME THE MONEY. &gt;&gt; YEAH. And exactly what we want, what we all need. This guy has got it all. He's an absolute superstar in the making. I know he's going to keep his feet on the floor. Everybody from in here tonight, tuning in on the zone, all around the world, but particularly the people from this area. We've been li dying for a superstar from this area for a long time. You got a guy right here that can bring the biggest names in boxing to Birmingham and the Midlands. Right. So get behind this man. Enjoy the process. He's an absolute superstar and amazing. &gt;&gt; Just before we give the final word to Ben the final quick word for Andy Lee. Andy backto-back stoppages since you licked up with this man Ben Whitaker. You worked with a lot of great fighters Andy over your years in the sport. What do you like about what you see here? &gt;&gt; He can do it all. and um he as good as a fighter is, he's a better person and he's a pleasure to be around and that's the main thing for me and he's going to go all the way. &gt;&gt; Okay, thank you Andy. Former world champion of course, Mr. Andy Lee. Ben, final word to you. We are live on his own. Your final message to the light heavyweight division here in Birmingham tonight. Enjoy your Christmas man. The surgeons back next year. But firstly, I just want to thank everybody in here. Midlands, we have some great talent. Make sure you get behind the Midlands. From top to the bottom of the card, we had great fighters. West uh West Bromage, Wolverampton, Dudley, Tipton, the list goes on. I just want to thank you all. Thank all you guys at home on the zone. Make sure you get your subscriptions cuz you ain't going to miss this face. Let's go, baby. &gt;&gt; Ben Whitaker, congratulations. So many big fights to look forward to right here. your global home of boxing the own and the surgeon Ben Whitaker going to be a big part of those in 2020.