Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. Welcome back to Beyond the Bell. Well, it has been a great night of action here in Glasgow this evening. Our main event didn't disappoint either. Chrisell Orene crown the new WBC champion silver champion beating Nathaniel Collins in his own backyard and he gets that shot of that allimp important WBC title. Well, Josh and Carl are alongside me. Carl, did the right man win? I mean, a bit wide on one of the cars. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was really when I I had Lorente winning by the same score as the two judges the other way around. &gt;&gt; The two correct judges. Yes. So, three three rounds. Um, how anybody was able to give that to Nathan Nathaniel Collins by five rounds is beyond belief. I I literally cannot make that argument. But it was just it was just a really strange performance from Nathaniel. We've seen him so much better flat, didn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he looked flat &gt;&gt; and I was surprised because he looked okay on the scales yesterday. He didn't look like he he he'd been hurting that much to make the weight where normally he does. He looks like he struggles a little bit more. So, I was expecting a bigger performance here, a smarter performance, and we didn't see it. Lorente done what he had to do. Barry mentioned it a lot on on on coms tonight that he just he was happy to throw. He didn't mind and he missed and he was letting the hands go and I think that was the difference. &gt;&gt; I was about to say, do you think that was the difference? The fact that he just had more gumption with it, didn't mind getting the hit? &gt;&gt; Yeah, but the last fight he was he was very negative the last fight Lorente was. So, he's made the the correct adjustments. and he's come and not went on the back foot as much, but as as he's been on the back foot, he's been also been thrown a lot as well. So, yeah, he made he made the correct adjustments tonight. Yeah. Well, it was at the end of round five, wasn't it, when Daniel Collins, he went back to his corner and it's fair to say his corner gave him a bit of a talking to which did have a little bit of an effect because he came out in round six and again, same as the first fight, that round six was the exciting round. That was perhaps the turning point as well. Here we go. &gt;&gt; That was a good shot and I but then not he didn't really do anything else after that in the round and and for me Lorente won the majority of the rest of the round. So &gt;&gt; he had a great 45 seconds or so at the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he did. And he and he'd hurt Collins as well. So for me, I give that round actually can't remember now. Was it was difficult to score. I think it worked out a 10 n. Yeah. So, um, but to let him back into this and I get this frustration from the corner as well because you could hear it. You could hear what they were saying. Collins would have a good bit of success and in the previous round and then like almost come out &gt;&gt; and not do anything. I have no idea. I think it's just down to being flat and sometimes that's why you don't feel good to get into a fight. Um, maybe I've got it wrong with the weight and he didn't do the rate the weight. Well, &gt;&gt; sometimes you just your legs go sometimes. You know what it's like, Josh, the day of a fight, you don't feel 100%. &gt;&gt; Um I I'm not sure, but clear clear as day that &gt;&gt; he wasn't as good as he can be. &gt;&gt; Well, that round six, like I said, was a turning point. Lorento then from then on really just pushed on. He he was able to apply the pressure on Collins from there on in. Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. He started started pushing Collins back a little bit at times and then when he was on the back foot, he was actually being quite aggressive on the back foot too in front a lot of punches. So yeah, it was um it was it was a good performance from him. It was very very good performance from Lorente tonight. &gt;&gt; Just brewing confidence from then on in really. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he did. And that was it. And and the momentum was with him. And Collins again, even in some of the rounds, Collins would come out and start well for the first maybe 20 or 30 seconds, but Lorente just kept throwing and kept letting the hands go. And he was he was stealing a lot of rounds from me. And it was it was down to Collins allowing him to steal them rounds. But I think he's going to kick himself, you know, when he watches this back. He just he needed to do a little bit more and he could have won this week. &gt;&gt; It's interesting as well because in the pre-fight chat you mention about it's not necessarily when the crowd are going behind you. It's when they go a bit quiet and you really kind of notice that tonight whether that had its effects on on Collins. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you could get a little bit frustrated with that as well if you're Collins and maybe try and force the pace to try and get the crowd rised up again. I'm not quite sure, but just I think uh a strange performance is is the perfect way to describe it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's probably the best way to describe it for him. But for Connor, how much do you think this will hurt him? I mean, you know what it's like if you're in front of your home crowd as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it'll be you'll be devastated. Obviously, he had plans to come in here, win the rematch, and then move on to bigger and better things. Get that world title world title shot, you know, but it isn't to be tonight. So, it's back to the drawing board for them, you know, is it's not finished. It's just a a big speed bump in the road, that's all. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Well, let's just talk about that big world title shot, that WBC title shot that does await the winner. Going on Lorente's performance this evening, how much better does he need to be against Shushu because Shushu is different. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's really really good. Really, really good fighter. And um Bari Bari had mentioned before he's kind of taken the best bits from fighters from different eras. He looks like he's a bit of a throwback I think. Shushu and and he's someone I &gt;&gt; he's a bit of everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's he's really good. So, I mean, Lorente will have to go up another level if he has a chance of beating Shushu. But look, he deserved to be in this position. He's he's won a final eliminator. He drew and a final eliminator and then won one. So, he deserves it, but and maybe he can win a world title one day. But &gt;&gt; why does he do so well here? &gt;&gt; Oh, that that knock. It's just the way he puts him together. He's very accurate as well. &gt;&gt; So accurate. There was three shots through and and they all hit him on the chin. So yeah, he's a he's a really good fighter. He's a big featherweight, too. Um he'll have to go up a level, Laurente. Um but he's a massive underdog in &gt;&gt; there's every chance that Bruce Carrington could take a voluntary before perhaps that actually happens that that that WBC title. What about Lorente? Would you like to see him take another fight before he has that step up? &gt;&gt; Um I I would say so. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you would say so. But you got you got to weigh the risk up. But what if he loses and then the world title fight goes away? You know what I mean? You got to roll. He's got but he's got himself into this position. He's experienced enough. I don't think there's any need for a risky fight just for a few extra quid when you've got a world title potentially in the Barkley Center or Madison Square Gardens where I imagine the fight's going to be in that side of the of of the pond. So for me, I don't think there's any need. Just b your time. &gt;&gt; You think differently? &gt;&gt; I think go for it. Why not? You know, it's um Yeah, I do. But that's just my style, though. He's a nut. That's why they're all mad. Scotchies cuz they're all They're all a wee bit mad. &gt;&gt; I I I do my actions first and think later. So, I've just I've tast like I said, it has been a sunny night, isn't it? I mean for Sam Gilly, he was here while his mate Gus was having a stag do here this evening and he performed, didn't he this evening against Aston Brown. What did you make of his performance? He he seemed very controlled. He seems super relaxed. Was that just being back at 160, do you think? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think yeah, possibly. But yeah, he just he just looked nice and relaxed and like just flowing and flowing really nicely. Yeah. Um I thought Aston was very tight tonight, you know, very tight and intense, you know, um loading up quite a lot and then that's when he was he was starting to get at the end at the end of the shots, caught at the end of the shots, Sam Gilly shots. Um so obviously I'm I'm gutted because Aston's my friend as well. Um and I'm going on his stag do tomorrow. So yes, no, I'm gutted. You know, it's just it just he was a bit tense tonight, you know. It was hard for me to watch that one, but fair play to Sam Gilly. was nice and relaxed, moved around the ring well and worked off his jab well. He used his jab very good, too. &gt;&gt; But Aston, how much do you think he would learn from that loss? Cuz because quite often at Universal, you do learn more pushing on quite often. That is the case, right? &gt;&gt; And he and he's look, he he's went through a lot in his life and it's well documented, you know, the spells in jail and stuff. So clearly he's a very determined and mentally strong person to get himself on back on track. This will be a hard one to take. He'll be disappointed, but you know, after a little bit of reflection and chill out for a while and maybe forget about boxing for a week or two, he can come back stronger from that. And def a defeat sometimes can be the best thing that happens to someone's career. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Look at that man there, Sam Gillies. He returns to winning ways. Well, another fighter that well pushed on from his perfect record, 16-0 for Royce and Barney Smith. A really accomplished performance from him this evening. How impressed were you? &gt;&gt; Uh, really impressed. Um, really good stop each win. Royston's a fighter. I mean, he's he's British and Comwalth champion, but he he's still a very much so improving fighter. &gt;&gt; Really young kid. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; that that that first shot was you don't really see that that often, someone hurting someone with a body shot from such a distance. So, he's clearly a very talented kid, a smart fighter as well. the second body shot which we'll see in a minute as well. I have absolutely no idea how he got up from it. I was wincing at Frank that one but even still but he got up and he was brave but a bit of a statement win I think from Royston Barney Smith. Big win for him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean he said it was a big win from him. What about for Conor Macintosh? Where does he go? How does he come back from this? &gt;&gt; Um I I mean it's he was a heavy underdog going into this race. Um he's got himself into a good position to be able to fight for a British and comealth title. Um but just back to the drawing board, you know what I mean? To have another fight, get a couple of he's got a good trainer, an Enzo Mali, plenty of time. &gt;&gt; Um and he's a decent fighter as well. He just came up against a kid who in my opinion at some point is going to be a a a star amongst the top names in the world. That's how good I think this kid is. So no shame in losing to someone like him. No shame in losing at all. And someone no doubt that will be hurting from his loss this evening is Nathaniel Collins. Well, Arian Bravo caught up with him backstage. &gt;&gt; Nathaniel, of course, not the result that you were looking for tonight. Just start by giving us your immediate reaction, thoughts, and feelings to that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, um I'm gutted. I thought I thought box quite well, but I was like too I was stuck between not wanting to go full out like the last time and then also being, you know, conservative or hesitant and pacing myself. So like I just couldn't get going at the right pace, you know. &gt;&gt; And just give us a little bit more detail on that. Talk us through how it felt up there in the ring. I mean for us obviously we have a different sort of view were able to see it but being in that moment as you said you felt like you just couldn't find the right pace. Yeah, like I was trying to not go full out early on, you know, when I got the knockdown, I was thought back to the first one. I was like, don't jump on him, don't jump on him, don't turn it into a war again. And, you know, have that kind of firefight, whereas I probably maybe needed that this time. And um I was just trying to box and pick my shots and just he'd also changed his game plan a lot for the last time. I was expecting him to come and and go for it in another. So, it was just one of the ones. &gt;&gt; As you said, you felt more controlled this time. You're sort of holding a little bit back. I know that we're immediately after the fight, but do you feel like in your immediate hindsight that actually there was more there was more to give? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's loads. I'm fresher now. I mean, there was loads more to give. I was coming on strong in the last couple of rounds there. I probably could have pushed much. Could I have pushed much more? Not probably. I could have pushed much more. I just never I don't know. I don't know what it was. unlucky. But thank you for talking to us. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; You know what, K? You can hear the frustration in Collins's voice there. Almost like a should a would a could have really, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And he he'll regret it. He he'll be annoyed when he watches the back end. And he mentioned he was almost like he was caught in between two styles. And I felt that as well tonight. He didn't know whether to be aggressive or be kind of really conservative in in his output. But yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he'll be disappointed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he will be. I know Nathaniel quite well, so he'll be kicking himself. You know, &gt;&gt; this is the thing. It's one thing losing, but when you're sat there and you're almost saying, "I know I had more." &gt;&gt; It adds to the frustration, doesn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. That makes you that makes it worse. Yeah. That makes it worse. It's different. If you know you went in there, you gave your all and you say, "I couldn't do any more." And you lose them, fair enough. But Nathaniel won't mind me saying this. He knows he's better than that. He knows he can give more than that. So, that's one that's going to probably hurt him more than than actual result. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it wasn't to be for Nathaniel Collins this evening, but he will come again, no doubt. The good news is though, we have plenty more coming your way live on the own in terms of boxing action. Just look at that. Ben Whitaker, the surgeon, returns tomorrow evening live in Liverpool. How about Brian Suarez? That is one to look out for. Ben Whitaker, what are you looking to see from him? Because last time out, well, he impressed, doesn't he? Are you a fan, John Josh, of Ben? &gt;&gt; He's a bit Marmite, isn't he? Ben Whitaker. No, I I quite like him, you know, like there's times where you don't like him, but he's a character. And in this game, that's what you need and that's what sells tickets and that's what puts bums and seats. So, he he is a character and he's also very talented, too. You know, like silver medalist in the Olympics. So, yeah, he is a very talented fighter. &gt;&gt; What about you, Carl? Do you think we're going to see the showman put on a show tomorrow? &gt;&gt; I I hope so. And I think so as well. He's in a you know, he's in a decent fight or as a decent fighter, but again, Ben Whitaker can be very very special. Well, what I really liked about him was there was a lot of question marks and doubts over the first lane Cameron performance and then he goes and does what he does in the second fight. That for me is someone who's willing to do it all in the gym and try and improve &gt;&gt; and also got resilience as well. got resilience to come back because he took a load of stick and in fairness I was one of the guys that give him a little bit of stick and I was a bit concerned about his mentality but he's grown on me and whether you like him or loathe him or are indifferent to him he doesn't really care but because of the character he has you're going to watch him anyway &gt;&gt; I think he's matured a little bit you know I think he's he's he's sort of taken away that showmanship sort of thing and he's kind of more about business now which is what I like to see he's so he's so so talented very loyal jobs. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he will put on a show, but he's kind of he's kind of dialed that down a little bit and he's more about business now. I see it seems. So, I think that's a good sign from him. &gt;&gt; Well, we're looking forward to that. That is tomorrow night in Liverpool. But from us here in Glasgow, Josh and Carl, thank you very much for joining us and to you at home for watching as well on a night well where Chrisel Lorente, he upset the Scottish party, didn't he? And he took a one step closer to that world glory. See you later. Yeah, I'm at a rap. Tell them all just stand down to the cup. Gold in the stands clear. I've been out running top competition. They know who the man here. I can never fail. I can never fall. Count it up without a cashier. And last year was real. 25. I'm a fast on the heels. Built the last, never last. Up the deal. Hit the gas. I'm a mass till a meal. I can't be lacking till it's seal cuz they too extravagant to chill. I ain't missing no games. Road game. Watch me bring it home. I lost a couple out here. It's a cold game, but I bounce back from it strong. We had it locked in before they known. It ain't no top 10. I'm the throne. This how you elevated without selling out. I kept it true to me. Ain't never touch the clock. Now they like who is he? Who am I? Never tired of running through a night. Breaking pressure if you knew or not. Cuz I can never settle for another spot up the level. I'mma make it high. But I never want to see a king down. I never let him destiny.