Kind: captions Language: en What an incredible night here in the desert as the battle tested Emanuel Navare wins the war and hands sugar Nunees his first loss in 8 years here in Glendale Arizona. Welcome to Beyond the Bell. on Sierra Santos joined by Sergio Mora and Chris Manx and Navarete Or three time division champion. And in his first attempt to unify, he gets the job done. Sergio, what did you make of his composure tonight? &gt;&gt; Incredible. I didn't expect that. I didn't expect a one-sided war. Navarete, what he lacks in speed, what he lacks in body frame, what he lacks in a lot of things. He makes up with grit. I mean, it's not the prettiest thing in the world, but it's an effective way and strategy. He just beat down a tough, hard punching Mexican in Nunes. It We expected a war. We expected blood. We didn't expect it to be one-sided. &gt;&gt; We didn't expect it to be one-sided, but I think this was one in the very beginning, and it was won from the start by the experience. Emanuel Navarete seemed like he was ready for this moment, and he should have been. This is a three division world champion that has been in 17 world title fights. Now, this was the 17th world title fight for Emanuel Navarete. He was ready from the opening bell. Sugar Nunees just seemed uncertain. It just seemed like he wasn't prepared for what was going to be coming back for Emanuel Navarete. And then once Navarrete got some momentum going, he just did not stop. Manuel Navete is not the most technical boxer. He's not even the hardest puncher I would say necessarily in the 130 or even the 135 pound division. What he is is relentless. He is precise with a lot of these shots and he just never let up on never on Nunes tonight. &gt;&gt; Chris, you thought that Nunes might have been showing a little bit too much respect for Navarete, especially in the beginning there. Was it nerves? Was it Was it respect? I &gt;&gt; I think and look, we'd have to ask him, but it felt like a little bit of both. You know, this was the biggest stage that Sugar Nunees has ever fought on. He won his world title over in Japan down in Mexico when he defended his last fight against Christopher Diaz. He has not been on this kind of stage against this kind of opponent. So, I do think there was some nerves coming into this fight. But I also think he had an awkward strategy like he was on the move throughout this fight. He was not moving forward until we got to the fourth or fifth round. And by then, Navarete had settled into a rhythm. I also thought for Navarete his conditioning was outstanding. If you went back and watched the Charlie Suarez fight, his conditioning wasn't there. Fourth or fifth round, he had his mouth open during that fight. I was up in the ring, Eddie Hearn, the promoter of Sugar Nunes, they went over there and looked at Navarrete, but he wasn't breathing hard. He just went what, eight, nine rounds, was not breathing hard the entire night. Navarete came in in the best shape of his pro career. &gt;&gt; The scariest part about fighters like Emanuel Navaret is that they're they fight so relaxed. When you fight relaxed, you're able to take big punches. You're able to absorb more punishment. You're able to maintain your conditioning. And he only got stronger and stronger and more relaxed. Even through the war, even through the blood, even through the action, even through the power by a power punching Nunes, Navaret remained composed and calm and continued the beat down. &gt;&gt; Would you say composed and ferocious? &gt;&gt; Never say that. That's your line. &gt;&gt; Okay, Chris, who should Emanuel Navarete fight next? &gt;&gt; Hey, the sky's is the limit right now for Emanuel Navarete, who is now a unified champion at 130 and based on this crowd, a moneyman in this division. You know, Jackie Foster's got the WBC title, but we saw Foster earlier nose tonose with Raymond Ford, so that's a fight that probably will happen next. Charlie Suarez on this board. If Navarete wants to retain his WBO version of the title, he has to fight Charlie Suarez. That was a controversial ending to the last time out and the WBO has ordered that fight to be next. But there's another fight for Navarrete moving up in weight. Raymond Morataya coming off that win against Andy Cruz. Top Rank has talked about matching those two guys together. Now, Verete, he failed in his first attempt to become a four division world champion. Something tells me there's be something in his blood, Sergio, that makes him want to try one more time. &gt;&gt; Well, listen, if he's going to be moving up in weight with Murataya, who's coming off a incredible victory with Andy Cruz, he would be biting off more than he can chew. But if anyone can chew it is Navarete. I mean, that man, it seems like he has, we know he has a granite chin, but he has an engine. I mean, he has he has punches to spare and it's incredible. So Muratai is going to have his handful even as a bigger man. &gt;&gt; There was concern that Navarete maybe had too much tread on his tires. Did he dispel that tonight? &gt;&gt; I believe so. And when it comes to a style like that because he doesn't rely on speed. He doesn't even rely on technique. Navarete just beats you down. He beats fighters into submission through will, you know, it's a battle of attrition. And when it comes to a battle of attrition, Emanuel Navaret is always at the winning end. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he is. And look, he added a conditioning coach for this fight. And a lot of times when you hear fighters say stuff like this, you kind of shrug your shoulder and say, "Okay, whatever." You just make an excuse for how things went last time. Clearly, Navarrete approached this weight cut in a very different way. He made it easily and it showed in the ring tonight. &gt;&gt; This was supposed to be the breakout night for Nunees, for Sugar tonight, and he comes up short. So, where does he go from here? I &gt;&gt; I don't think it should be a long rebuild for Sugar Nunees. He just fought arguably the top guy in the 130 lb division. And he is still a big, strong 130 pounder with knockout power. Look, this was great experience for Sugar Nunes. He's 28 years old, but he's never fought close to this level. I would liken it to going from like the C level in competition, maybe C++ to the A level against Emanuel Navarete. Look, losses in boxing should not matter. Yes, Sugar Nunees has to go back to the drawing board, has to fight his way back up the rankings, but he'll get another world title shot. I wouldn't bet against him being successful. That wasn't a breakthrough performance on Sugar Nunees because he was broken down by the better fighter. You're you're calling it an education. That's not an education. That just took years off that man's life. That was a beatdown. Manx fighters warriors only have a certain amount of those wars in them. We just we just got a big piece out of &gt;&gt; That's only one though. Sergio Navaret has been in like eight eight wars and he's still fighting at the top. I I think Nunees needed that. He needed to go up against a guy of that caliber who threw punches like that, who hit as hard as he did. To not have that experience coming in, I think he's going to be a better fighter for it. &gt;&gt; I think you need a beatd down to realize how it feels. Only certain amount of warriors have a certain amount of wars. I'm telling you right now, that took that took years out of Sugar Nunees. &gt;&gt; Chris, you mentioned Foster and Ford. They both got into it here tonight. Here it is. &gt;&gt; I love it. Oshaki Foster, Raymond Ford. Oshaki Foster the champion. Raymond Ford, the challenger. Bad blood between these two guys. And look, it's not official yet, but I'm going to throw the old sources word out there. Sources, sources, sources tell me this fight's going to happen. I would think in the next couple of months or at least the next next couple of months, it will happen. Next couple of days, maybe a week, you get an announcement that it's going to happen. Both these fighters want it. The promoters involved, they want as well. It is Top Rank versus Matchroom. Once again, these these shows have been fantastic. Morataya fighting Andy Cruz. That was a fantastic top rank versus matchroom matchup. This was a great matchroom versus top rank matchup. I want to see that fight. I think we are going to get it the next couple of months. &gt;&gt; But where did Ford say he's been for the last couple months? &gt;&gt; He's been hanging out looking for his opportunity. Look, Ford wanted to get that Nunes fight. You can kind of see why after this. Like Raymond Ford believed that Nunes maybe wasn't as scary as some people had suggested, but he and Oshaki Foster have some history. We talked to Foster on the podcast on Friday. He's ready to go. He wants that fight to happen. Raymond Ford, of course, wants that fight to happen. That is a tremendous fight. Maybe you put it somewhere in New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, someplace like that. Excellent fight between two top guys at 130 lbs. &gt;&gt; Sergio, what impressed you the most in our co-main event? &gt;&gt; Um, everything. I mean, the fact that, look, from top to bottom, we had a great car tonight. We had a great car. Sometimes the the scorecards weren't up to par, but I love the fact that the right man won. Emiliano Vargas is a star in the making. The kid has everything you want. He had patience in this fight. You got to keep it real. This this man, this Argentine came to fight. He was ky. He was strong. He was smart. But Vargas remained patient. He listened to his corner. He started digging down to the body. He was in there with a defensive guy, a guy with good upper body movement, good good counter punching, a sly fighter in Katana. But Vargas passed the test. And sometimes whenever you have power and you're knocking out everyone coming up in the prospect stage, you need to get rounds. And if you got these much rounds and you still ended up getting the stoppage, that's the best that you can get. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Top rank is known to have the best matchmakers in all of boxing. This is another example of it. This wasn't just a durable guy. This was a guy with some firepower. Good Ameliano Vargas with some good shots during this fight and gave him an education in a situation like that. I know Sergio is clamoring for that world title shot for Vargas. I won't I won't say what Carl Moretti and Top Rank said to you, but let's just say it's not coming anytime soon. &gt;&gt; I didn't say world title shot. I said he has championship ability, but no, he's not ready for &gt;&gt; you. You were ready. You say he's banging on the door. &gt;&gt; I said that he's on his way to that door, but no, he's not ready. &gt;&gt; I'm going to check the tape. I would check the tape on that. I would check the tape. &gt;&gt; All right. Can we save it for the fighter and the writer? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll do that this week. &gt;&gt; Okay, awesome. Here's what's coming up on the zone next Saturday. Misfits Boxing returns with Tai Mitchell taking on our guy Gabe Rossado who's making his Misfits debut. Then March 14th, it's a double header as Jazza Dickens will mount the first offense of his WBA super featherweight crown against former IBF champion Anthony Kagachce in Dublin. And then later that night, Arnold Barbosa Jr. takes on Kenneth Sims Jr. in a highstakes crossroads battle between two contenders moving up to the 147 for 147b welterweight division. The stacked card also features Oscar Cleaso and Gabriella Fundor live on the zone. What a fun night here tonight, fellas. &gt;&gt; I'll come back here. Let's come back to Arizona. Love it. Great fight town. &gt;&gt; Well, that does it for us. Hope you enjoyed our presentation of tonight's fights for Todd Gisham, Sergio Mora, and Chris Manx. I'm Sierra Santos. Good night and thank you so much for watching. Heat. Heat. Tomorrow is one graduation. So &gt;&gt; that deserves a toast. &gt;&gt; Yes, I'll order some drinks on Door Dash. &gt;&gt; Game is about to start. &gt;&gt; Stay for the game. I always watch game. &gt;&gt; Stay for coffee.