Kind: captions Language: en Wow. This was the moment. This was the maybe the moment where Michael Conland said, "You know what? Enough's enough." Kevin Walsh, the new WBC International Featherweight Champion, I'm still not quite sure what to make of what we saw of the 10 rounds and a lot of people scratching their heads at the scorecards. I I'll come straight to you. Go Carl first. Tony Bellow with us as well. How did you score the fight? I I scored it six rounds to four to Mick. Um so in that in that sense you can't really say it was a robbery an out robbery but I I mean I I really would have struggled to give Kevin Walsh any more than four rounds in that fight if I'm being honest. Um but it was a poor fight. Um Mick was poor. Walsh could have been a lot more aggressive. Looked like he couldn't figure out Mick in the southpaw stance at all. But Mick for some reason kept continuing to go orthodox which I mean I heard Grant Smith shouting at him a number of times but he he continued to do it. But it's just look this just happens at a point in someone's career where they're not the same fighter that they used to be and and that version of Mick Conlin isn't even close to the best version. &gt;&gt; Me and Tony were at the corner of Kevin Walsh. We were right there. They were not confident that their man had won at all. &gt;&gt; At all. I I I I I think they thought that maybe only won a couple of rounds to &gt;&gt; screaming. &gt;&gt; They were screaming. &gt;&gt; Screaming at him. Important to just go forward and let your hands go. Every swear word under the sun, they were screaming at him. Just let your hands go, boy. And listen, I I can't remember one meaningful shot from that fight. I can't like who landed the best punch, who landed the cleanest punch all night. I don't know who it was. &gt;&gt; That was a good one. that and that was literally the only punch in the first round which probably won the round. That was it. &gt;&gt; There was just nothing in it all night &gt;&gt; when the highlights skip from round one to six, you know, there's a bit of an issue in terms of action. &gt;&gt; Um, was it maybe just a case of look, Conan knew what was at stake here? Just get through the fight, get the W, move on to that world title fight and who knows. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but he didn't do enough to win the fight and neither did Walsh until &gt;&gt; Did he do enough to lose his title, &gt;&gt; but he didn't do enough to keep it? Yeah. And and if I'm if I'm being brutally honest, boss didn't do enough to win. &gt;&gt; I don't like I don't like that kind of you have to go and win the title and you don't have to. It should just be judgedly. That's all it should be. But &gt;&gt; it away from the champion itself. &gt;&gt; No, I know. And it should it shouldn't be judges just win a fight. &gt;&gt; Judges should judge it how they see it. That's it. Shouldn't be influenced by anyone else. But I do think that that Mick, although it was a, you know, not a performance that we expect to see from Mick Conn, I do think that he'd done done enough to win it. &gt;&gt; I obviously wanted to interview Mick in the ring and and look, I understand when a fighter loses, especially considering what was at stake, they are going to leave the ring. I think I heard him mouth the word that's it. &gt;&gt; I've seen that before. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think I saw that and I feel &gt;&gt; that and I get it. He's been every time he must feel just so fed up with boxing because every time he gets in a close fight or anytime something is goes, he just doesn't go his way. And he must just feel fed up. But tonight, once again, he's employing Grant Smith to do his job. He's employed to come in and get and he want he wants this man's advice. He hasn't listened to him. Why is why why did he switch to orthodox? because he must &gt;&gt; because at Southport it was very comfortable. &gt;&gt; It was very clear what you could see that Kevin Walsh didn't know what to do when he was in a Southport stance. Orthodox gave Kevin the opportunity to get in. &gt;&gt; As soon as he turned orthodox, he punches there was instantly punches thrown where there was maybe a minute and a half of nothing from Kevin Walsh. So I I have no idea why Mick spent even a fraction of that fight in the orthodox stance. &gt;&gt; He didn't know what to do. Every time Mick had the right arm first, he he did not throw a punch back. And then I just think I think when it's too easy for someone like Michael Colin, they switch off. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he fall into bad habits. And that's what he done tonight. Every time it was really easy when he was southpaw, nothing was really happening, but he was dictating the pace in the range when he was southpaw and no punches were being thrown him. So it's like he goes orthodox two times to get him to engage. And when Walsh did engage with him, Mick didn't really engage back with him. Mick wasn't willing to get into exchanges tonight with Walsh. And I feel that's what might have been the difference with the judges. They seen Walsh going in the exchanges and trying to trying to draw him in, but they didn't see Michael Condom willing to engage with him. And I think that's what them two judges have seen. But, you know, you've got the other judge there and and Victor L. &gt;&gt; Even even the other judge had it close. It wasn't like they had it wide uh for Mick to be fair either. One thing you said prior to the fight was Mick just hasn't got to win, he's got to win well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So even if he did get it on the he didn't win well. &gt;&gt; No. And and that's what I was I was kind of talking to Tony just before we came came on earlier like he needs to he needed to win big and that I mean &gt;&gt; this is the moment hopefully we might be able to pick this is when he hears that he's not one. This is see obviously Nissa behind obviously upset. I'm just wondering if I saw him mouth something there to Daltton Smith here. &gt;&gt; I think I saw when he was walking out of the ring as well, the maybe a security guy. &gt;&gt; It must be It's heartbreaking. &gt;&gt; Sad. &gt;&gt; It's heartbreaking for him. And me and Carl know, we've been in these situations before. You kind of know when you're done. &gt;&gt; You know when you've got a little bit of something left and you've got a bit of a desire and hunger. &gt;&gt; You don't want to believe it though, Tony, do you? &gt;&gt; No. And you don't want it to end because this is all he knows. He wakes up tomorrow and Sunday. He's not a boxer no more. He's been a boxer all his life. It's all he knows. I &gt;&gt; I think he's going to be kicking himself. And look, you guys are the boxers out of us three. You You'll know this more than me. I think he's going to be kicking himself because he knows &gt;&gt; deep down he's so much better than he should. So he should. All he had to do tonight is come in here, let his hands go &gt;&gt; three or four times in what in each round and you're far better. You've got a better repertoire. You've got a better skill set. You your hands are quicker. Just come out, let them go for 30 40 seconds around. you will land enough punches to win that round because some of them rounds tonight have been won by literally a single punch landing. &gt;&gt; You know what? That's not good. Addie, we always do this and you can understand why we're doing it. I know there'll be people at home saying, "Come on, give Kevin some credit and we're going to do that now." This is a guy who's been a club fighter really took up boxing very, very late. Has had his stint in prison. He's turned his life around. He's come away from home and be, as you said, one of the most skilled Irish fighters. &gt;&gt; It's an amazing It's an amazing story. And boxing's full of stories like this. But, um, yeah, you have to give the kid credit. Look, I I don't I don't think he done enough to win the fight if I'm being honest. I thought Nick Mick just nicked it. But he got the hand raised. He potentially now goes on to fight Shu Carrington, which I mean, &gt;&gt; not ready for that, is he? &gt;&gt; No, he's not. Absolutely not. But Shushu will be looking at that and licking his lips thinking, are they going to give me that guy? You know what I mean? That's that's what he's thinking right now. And and to be honest, I hate to say it as well, but he would have been if Mick had got the hand raised, he would have been thinking the exact same. It was a it was a poor performance from from both. &gt;&gt; I have to be honest, when he went after the fight and he started going to the corners and sort of celebrating as everyone does, right? You jump on the apron. I I was thinking, what's he doing? &gt;&gt; So was I. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think did he know something? We &gt;&gt; You know what? I do give him more credit tonight of the two because he is the guy who actually let his hands go more. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Mick did not let his hands go enough tonight. I know at times he looked like he was in control of the fight and he was controlling the distance and but he didn't let his hands go as much as Walsh did. Walsh just let his hands go. Yes, he missed and he was wild, but he thrown more shots tonight than Mick. &gt;&gt; Does it mean that he won? No, not necessarily. But it means that he was the one more willing to engage &gt;&gt; and that can't be disputed in my opinion. &gt;&gt; But for Mick, &gt;&gt; he must be kicking himself because so much better. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think we even saw that in in points today. I feel like we've stood here before and we've kind of said that's it and then the fighters have gone on to have another fight, another two or three fights, right? We were speaking about Derek Joro a bit earlier. Do you both think that's it for &gt;&gt; I would be very surprised if if M Conland fights ever again. I'd be very surprised because he's so much better than that. &gt;&gt; Not even a jump to super. &gt;&gt; No, it's clear to see he just doesn't he he doesn't have it anymore. And I mean Mick Conland and again no disrespect to Kevin cuz I think the story is remarkable and fair play to him for getting his hand raised tonight. But Mick Conland it's 70% at his best beats Kevin Walsh I think. &gt;&gt; So where is he at to lose that fight? You know what I mean? I I just think it's it's all it's it's a hard thing. It happened to me. It happens to Tony. that happened is all that there's a point in your career where you're just not as good as you used to be. &gt;&gt; The best version the best the best version of Mick Conland &gt;&gt; gets rid of Kevin Walsh if I'm being totally honest in supreme fashion that tonight just wasn't there and he's just he'll watch this back Michael Connor will watch this back and he'll just be like I am done. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; cuz you look at it and think what am I doing? It was similar to me in my last fight and maybe maybe no you &gt;&gt; hold on two seconds guys sorry uh Kala Salins's obviously had his reaction he's what he's had to say he's backstage with Olivia &gt;&gt; Kala not the result you were hoping for what's your reaction &gt;&gt; No I mean it's uh you know it's times like this when um you know you promote an event and um you don't really don't know what to say you know I'm I'm embarrassed uh embarrassed for the sport of boxing Um, I got in a ring. Mick said to me, "Uh, you know, how many rounds you reckon?" And I'm like, "Yeah, well, I don't know." Didn't really even count after sort of six, seven. He gave up for me the first two. Second one, you could argue back and forth. If you give the other fell, if you give Walsh a round or two in the rest of the fight, then I'm already being generous. So, it wasn't one that I was even scoring, you know? So, it's like, what on earth? I mean, it was a KG fight, yes, but that doesn't, you know, just just incredible inc. It just baffles me what on earth they're watching. What on earth they're watching? I just can't. And also, if it, you know, the swing of it between the one guy and then the other ones, it's just it just I'm I'm a bit lost for words. It's rare, but it's it's and it is it's embarrassing. But then you, you know, you look over it and you look at Conland's corner. You look at Conan, he's gone through a camp. He's, you know, he's preparing for a world title shot and you get two blind people scoring a fight. I mean, that's all you can say. You know, it's like you cannot make it up. But sometimes they're the gift that keeps giving. You know, what can you say? &gt;&gt; Mick's visibly upset. I mean, he sto he does not want to see. &gt;&gt; Well, don't blame him. Imagine it's just incredible because it is, you know, boxing isn't, you know, it's not a tennis match. We're not going back tomorrow and we'll we'll replay it. We got a rematch option, but you know, at the end, I don't I be quite frank, I don't even want to see the fight again. It was it was a very clear decision. So, it's like what what's the rematch for, you know, so um be straight on to the WBC about it. &gt;&gt; It's interesting. Cali could have gone on all night by the way for a man that says I don't really want to talk. I think he had a lot to say. Um, one thing that was very interesting there was the rematch option &gt;&gt; and I think we all kind of interesting. We all heard that &gt;&gt; which leads me to believe we might see Michael again. &gt;&gt; Yeah, possibly. But I I think like you I I seen a mouth the words I'm done. Um, &gt;&gt; is that just emotional after the fight? &gt;&gt; But even I even then I mean I still wouldn't &gt;&gt; I wouldn't like to say it because it's clear to see that Mick isn't the same as he used to be. And it just happens. that comes to us all especially when you've had hard careers and long I mean Mick turned he started boxing I think around a similar age to me about 7 years old something like that he's been in this game a long long time &gt;&gt; and it there's a point where it all just catches up on you and it's clear that that's that's happened to Mick it happened to me happened to Tony um and it's it's not nice but it's the truth &gt;&gt; all right let's switch gears let let's start and talk some positive stuff Kira Mallaloy looked good first belt you saw the emotion for him winning IBF European welterweight title, first belt. He's had 200 amateur fights and didn't get a belt and he said, "Look, this is my first one." And it could be first of many. Uh obviously, look, the opponent was tricky, but he found a way. And I said that the mid rounds he kind of got sloppy a bit, but then that experience of maybe just being a very good amateur fighter, Tony, pulled him through. And in the end, I think it was a a good victory. was, but you know, he done really well tonight and I thought there's things he can work on there, but ultimately, you know, he's got the job done onwards and upwards. &gt;&gt; I think it was a good performance, but I I've seen a lot better of Kieran Mallaloy. Um, I think that it looked at at one point in the fight like it was going to be an easy one-sided fight, but then Colon actually came back into it a little bit and maybe his awkward style and and fairness to him, he was trying he was trying to be aggressive, be on the front foot, and it and it did cause Mallaloy some problems, but I have Mallaloy a clear winner. But what I will say is he's a lot better than that performance as well. It's good when you can win like that at a decent level when you're not performing at your best, but there's a lot more to come from him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. A lot more to come from him as well. A lot more to come from Ireland. I think we saw that last week in Dublin. So many good fighters there. Pier Liry doing incredible stuff and we saw it tonight as well with Kira Malloy. Commiserations uh to the great man condomin. Loads of stuff coming. Look at this. Leard versus Denny. That one tomorrow from the copper box. Remember British and Commonwealth Middleweight titles. Then we go to Orlando. Carlos Adamez versus Ammo Williams. WBC middleweight strap. Magnificent seven guard next Saturday. Moses versus Jermaine Franklin. And then Porter versus Wilson. Bit of bare knuckle that one. That's next Saturday as well. Ah, Ireland. It's been an incredible night for us here. It's been incredible two weeks in Ireland. Uh, make sure you stay locked in to the zone because loads more action coming up next for you. And also, we will see you, well, you won't be there, but we'll be there at the copper box tomorrow. See you then.