Kind: captions Language: en Gents, we've already been through the final instructions in the dressing room and you know I expect a clean fight. Remember to obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourself at all times. 12 rounds, touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Was as Josh was saying earlier, a very very good amateur and he's super confident here. Barry, he really is for Waz. &gt;&gt; Well, why wouldn't he? He's just coming off his best win. He boxed tremendously well. He's up against a different proposition here. a guy who's held in a lot of fights, was already very seasoned in Ishmail Davis, who knows how to take his time, be patient, but also knows when to pull that trigger. &gt;&gt; Davis, there's right hand from Davis, who has six knockouts on the slate for Waz, just the three. It's his 13th outing for the very good amateur Beautiful left hand from Ishmael Davies from the Southpaw stars. He goes back to his orthodox jab. He's just got a little bit too much at the moment for Faz, the quality, the tactics, the feet. He's boxing well here, Josh, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Even just here a moment ago, he let four shots go, but he didn't load up with the shots, and he had a bit more success. And that is what makes him unorthodox. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is good. Back to the ropes from for W. But nice shot from Davis. &gt;&gt; This is good from Davis. This is because he's leaning off for trying to tire him out &gt;&gt; to stop the head shot, but one of the body ones might squeeze through from Ishmael Davis. Still hasn't put that dent in Davis. But it's better from for Josh is right. And he's talking to him in there. And it might get interesting now. Do you know what? He's missed a trick there. He's landed a couple of good shots through four. Landed a couple. He should have gone again instead of messing around. Showboing. That was better. Nice little white uppercut. &gt;&gt; Nice work from For just in front of us, especially to the body. Hammering away. This is the best part of the fight here from the Londoner. Davis is suddenly just under a bit of pressure here. Barry is letting the momentum swing after what can happen in the fight. the guy gets a tear up and it's hard to get your stamp back on the fight and your foot back in. So, needs to go back to his boxing, use that jab. &gt;&gt; He was asking for to, you know, change the gears, change the tempo, change something. He's down to just now does look tired. He looks he looks hurt a little bit. I'm not sure if it's tired or hard. &gt;&gt; I think rally Ishma Davis a bit here in the top round. That's a nice left hand. He needs something here to stop the rot because for Waz is boxing really well now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, big deep breath as well though after he let that shot go from Davis in world comp. &gt;&gt; I think the last 10 15 minutes or so of boxing from for WS has been fantastic and he's just Ishmael Davis who's looking unsteady and he's bundled over. I THINK HE'S REALLY TIRED NOW. THE BRITISH and Commonwealth champion. He struggles TO HIS FEET. A MINUTE 13 LEFT IN THE 11TH and he looks AT HIS CORNER AND ARE THE LEGS GOOD or not? I think this is what if he does win this fight for us. He's a massive underdog. Let's not forget that. This is this is an unbelievable win. Hardly anybody gave him a chance against Davis who was really on form and in fact a much higher level. Let's be honest. Fel for has woken up, shaken up Ishmael Davis and dominated the second half of this fight. If he won a couple of rounds early on, as he just bundles Davis to the floor, ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds here in Nottingham, we go to the judges scorecards. Kieran McCann 114 even a draw on one. &gt;&gt; Mark Bates 115 113. Victor Lachland 11514. So close. &gt;&gt; The winner by majority decision and the new BRITISH AND CATTLE super welterweight champion