Kind: captions Language: en What about Deontay? That win. Let's hear from them. &gt;&gt; Deonte, come in. Deontay. Fight number 50 against that man over there, Derek Traori. You promised that you would show &gt;&gt; the old Deontay Wilder. You said you'll show the old Deontay Wild and we certainly saw moments of that in the ring. You must feel so good with that victory. &gt;&gt; Man, I feel good. First off, I would like to give the glory to God because without him, nothing is possible. You know Derek, he's a warrior. He came like a lion to fight. But like I said before, I don't play boxing. I come to end it. Many people died to me. They counted me out. They threw dirt on my name. But you can't throw dirt on somebody that's chosen. London, y'all always witness tonight. What what what power, what destiny, what glory is all about. I just want to thank everybody that came out tonight. I want to thank MF Pro, the best promotion in the in the world. I want to thank the zone and I want to thank the O2 Arena for hosting us. What a magnificent fight it was. And I give all the glory and the thanks to God and thank Derek as well. Bro, we got to go fishing. You're coming to Alabama, baby. &gt;&gt; You always said that if you show what you have shown in the past that we're going to see more Deontay Wilder. Are you now back? Are we seeing more Deontay? Is that it? Now we have another run, a world title, maybe. &gt;&gt; Oh, most definitely. Hands down. You know, tonight was very fun. As you can see, I was having a lot of good time, a lot of good fun in here in the ring. Dere got a lot of good shots off, but you know, it wasn't nothing to a king. You know, I'm a king and I showed that tonight. The punches I absorbed and I came back. It's all about having fun. I had to heal. You know, it took a long time for me to heal, but I'm back and I'm going to get better and better each and every time, you know, and uh man, what a fun night tonight. The last two years have been very difficult for you inside and outside of the ring. This result must feel so much better considering how difficult the last two years have been. &gt;&gt; Oh, most definitely because I had a durable opponent. I knew Daryl was going to come. I knew he was going to bring everything that he that he had. This is his retirement fight. And I would tell him in the ring as I started seeing his his eyes swell and his temple start to buck a little bit. I said, "Bro, you got to live for your kids. I don't want to hurt you too much longer." So, I started having fun in there because I saw my brother starting getting hurt. I started weakening his eyes a little bit. And that's what boxing all about. Too many lives have been lost in this ring, this very ring. And then when it's over for us, nobody give a damn about us. No matter what they say, nobody give a about us. So, you got us fighters have to look after each other. And tonight, I looked after Derek tonight. I didn't want to go too hard up on him because I, like I said, I saw his temple. The veins started coming out of his head. And I want him to live for his kids. It's time for us to take care of each other. I have seven of my own. And um, babies, I'm coming home to y'all. I love my children. They are my best friend, Na, Ava, Darion, DJ, Olivia, uh, Cori, and Grace. Daddy coming home, baby. I can't wait to see you guys. Those are my best friends.