Kind: captions Language: en I spoke you both in the dress room. Not what I expect. Act like professionals at all times. Obey my structures. Watch your any questions. Let's go to work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Fantastic fight. But training alongside fighters of those levels is only going to give Cameron a lot of confidence and inspiration. But straight away Gavin's on him straight on his chest. &gt;&gt; Another note as well, Gavin Gwyn, you know, he's equally in the new team, Gary Lockit. And although he's only had six rounds since their first fight, he's had time in the gym &gt;&gt; with Gary, been able to work on their relationship. Oh, lovely right uppercut from Vong. That was a welltimed uppercut. Yeah, he's done that already in the opening round. That was even better. Good jabs as well. Doubling them up now. Cameron Fong and again looking for that juicy uppercut as Gwyn comes in. &gt;&gt; Another fight happening in the Netherlands tonight. Bradis Krauss are like heavyweights on a GBM show there. One down the road in Derby as well. Lots of boxing on tonight, but keep your eyes on this one because we got the best of the lot live on the zone. And it is Cameron Vong in this rematch with Gavin Gwyn. Gwyn unlucky first time around, but uh but he's been unlucky first nine minutes here, Darren, because Vong's boxed well. The accuracyy's fallen down a little bit, &gt;&gt; but I'm seeing a calmness and more composure in the pocket with Cameron is one thing I'm noticing when he is up close. He looked a bit flustered before in the first fight in in on the fight, but that's a good left hook that's landed. &gt;&gt; Wonderful left hook and again from Gavin Gwyn who has come alive in this fourth round. And now it is fight on as Fork gets back behind his jab. After a perfect first three rounds, rolls are reversing a little bit and here comes Gavin Gwyn trying to warp Jong down. Interesting what he's done, guys. He's taken Jong out of his rhythm and although he tries to get the uppercut in, Gwyn just shakes it off. Comes forward. This is where he wants him. The Welshman up against the ropes, backed up and under pressure. They trained ever so hard in the valleys, &gt;&gt; but Cameron Throng has put it all in at the Ben Davidson factory as well. Terrific sparring the pair of them have had. And that trying to work the body. Good action here in the sixth round. &gt;&gt; That's better. That's the movement he needs. Then throw off of it. &gt;&gt; There's that left hook they're asking for. Head and body. Vong just smiles up at the lights. He knows he's got the sharper artillery &gt;&gt; and it's all these bits in between. You know, he's always looking the busier. &gt;&gt; Good right hand from Gwyn. Backed up in a neutral corner. Gavin Quinn looking like a man possessed round after round. Now Cameron F is going to have to dig really deep down the stretch. Is the neat and tidy boxing going to be enough tonight? Four rounds to go. Three definitely for Vong. Could be three to Gwyn. It's certainly very very close. And it's Gwyn who's in the ascendancy because he's just walking through Cameron Fong and whatever the man from Northland does. Gwyn just shakes it off. It's almost like Sunny, he won't be denied tonight. &gt;&gt; It's almost like he's trying to complain. Good shot there. &gt;&gt; Good shot. Good &gt;&gt; and another uppercut leaked through. &gt;&gt; And he's he's standing and trading Fong. I'm not sure he wants to be there. Can he get back on his bike? That's good from Vong, but he's got to keep moving. AND GWYN IS ON HIM. &gt;&gt; YEAH, this is this is really good from [cheering] Gwyn. &gt;&gt; Staying at the eighth round. He does look menacing as Frank Bruno used to say. He's on him like a har shark and there's no hiding place in there. &gt;&gt; He's got a much sharper hand. All he's got to do is not hesitate, throw him, and then get off or clean up. SO FROM GAVIN GWYN COMES BACK, but Gwyn just trying to walk through walls here again. It's not pretty from the Welshman, but it's pretty effective. &gt;&gt; I I've got Gavin Gwin two up, but I've got Vong winning this round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and I would say probably there or thereabouts. I think if you score a couple of the close rounds to Cameron, then he could be a pointer, but he does probably need these last two rounds otherwise the scorecard's all over the place. Good work from both. Great work from both. Look at this FROM FONG WITH HIS RIGHT HAND AND TRYING TO BACKW UP FOR THE first time and I think Gavin Gwin just felt it a little bit there. This is a really interesting round because Fong has really showed what he's made of here. Good uppercuts might have just nicked [music] that one. Ninth round. What a round. What I'll say is that's lovely flurry of shots there. But back comes Grim with one of his own. There's been a lot of sort of uppercuts that we've not really picked up on because they've not had the same effect as they did early on and still landing the shots. Vong, but then it's that against the volume of shots from Gwyn. &gt;&gt; After 10 rounds of action here in Birmingham, we go to the judges score totals and they read as follows. Gary Kovatz 9793. Cameron Vaughn by four. Nurman Adravich and Howard Foster both scored this bout. 95 95. We have a majority draw.