Kind: captions Language: en All right. Well, I'm just going to give out a disclaimer here. Chris Mannix is out and the Sergio Mora is in. So, put me in coach. I've always wanted to do this. I know that I'm not that guy. I'm the Scotty Pippen, not the Michael Jordan. I don't hold the show down. I don't call and do all the hard stuff that Chris Mannix does. But for this show, since Chris Mannix is out on paternity leave, being Mr. Dad, I got to fill in. But this show is called the fighter and the writer. I'm the fighter. I need the writer. I had to reach out to someone I respect, someone who I actually read his writing from BoxingScene, Eric Raskin. Eric, welcome to the fighter and the writer. I am honored to be your fill-in writer on this episode, Sergio. It's It's great to talk to you here and the I don't know if the Jordan-Pippen analogy is quite perfect though cuz neither of them was the point guard. And I think that's what you're trying to be, right? You're like the B.J. Armstrong on this Would it be B.J. Armstrong? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know. You're You're usually the color guy and there's a blow-by-blow man. You're I'm excited to see your versatility here, to see how you can pull this off. All right. Well, look. Chris Mannix is out, but look, credit to him. He's taking care of his father. He's being a present father, but he's being an absentee broadcast partner. So, in comes you. So, tonight we're going to get in on some good fights coming on this Saturday that we're going to be calling in Stockton, California. Of course, you won't be there. I don't think Chris Mannix will be there. But me and Corey Erdman will be there, another writer I respect. Diego Pacheco taking on Kevin Salgado, two undefeated fighters. Tito Mercado, 17 and 0, 16 knockouts. Can he continue the power streak? He's taking on Antonio Moran. We're going to be getting into that. Joe Cordina and Gabriel Flores and on and on. But first of all, I want to talk about you, Eric, and that's why you're on the show. You're the writer here. You had a great 20-year anniversary. You know, you're really concentrating on every single participant and contender. That really pulled me in. It really was nostalgic for me. It brought back a lot of memories. I'm sure it brought back a lot of memories to a lot of fans. What made you invest yourself so much in not in not only in the show, but in every article? So, I guess there's a few layers to it. One One is just selfishly, I have two articles I have to file every week for BoxingScene. And so, if I was able at the beginning of the year to identify a series I could do monthly throughout the year and take care of 12 of my 104 articles this year. That That That was part of the goal. Is that this way one article a month is spoken for if I'm doing a contender anniversary series. But honestly, I was just a fan of the show when it was on. I was I guess that was right at the end of when I was uh still an editor on staff at The Ring. And when I left and became a freelance boxing writer kind of in the middle of that run of the season. But I was just into the drama every week, into watching you guys. Ended up writing about it for the magazine at the end of the series. I just have such fond memories of the show. I even did a full rewatch, I think, on the 10th anniversary and wrote an article for Grantland about it where I reflected on a bunch of things that came back to me. But now it's been 20 years and I just figured it was a great point to catch up with as many of the guys from the show as I could as I could track down. And I started with you in January and then it just was all downhill from there, you know. Yeah, no. It started with me and it ended with Jesse Brinkley. We couldn't find where the hell Jesse Brinkley was gold in mind up in Yerington, Nevada. We're just trying to get a hold of him, but you got a hold of maybe I would say 12 out of the 16 contenders. It's not quite that many. But actually, it's funny. As right before we started recording this, I filed an article that'll run on Thursday, the last article in the series, where I did a little round-up of what I could find out about everyone that I didn't get to profile in the article series. So, I ended up profiling eight of the fighters plus Jackie Kallen and your friend Adam Brailes. So, that that comprised most of the series. But I have to read you this text that I got from your buddy Jesse Brinkley last night. I've been I started playing phone tag with him in March and I've continued playing phone tag all year long, right up to this week. And I got a text from him. I tried to call him yesterday, like prime time for me, thinking, all right, maybe I'll catch him right now. He didn't answer. Figured, all right, I'm moving on. Maybe I'll get him next year. So, he sent me a text. It says, "Now is the best time to talk to me, this time of the night." That was marked at 4:06 a.m. my time. That sounds like Jesse. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. [laughter] No, listen. I get the craziest videos, the craziest text messages, but he is He would have been your best interview. It's a shame he couldn't get on to be part of this series. But I loved it. I appreciate you. Thank you very much for taking the time and and writing those awesome articles that I'm sure will stand the test of time just like the contender. But I appreciate you, my friend. But for now, let's talk about the fights going on this Saturday. We got Diego Pacheco. I want to get your thoughts on Diego Pacheco because I think the world of him. We've been calling his fights since I believe his second or third pro fight. And he's just been getting better and better, evolving as a fighter. But what does a writer think about Diego Pacheco? So, I'm a little I would say my feelings are a little more mixed than yours. I've been He's been a little inconsistent to me. Clearly, the talent is there, right? Great frame, still a young guy. What's he, 24 now? So, nice progression. A lot of skill, a lot of talent. But a little inconsistency. I mean, now, listen. You can be boring and win a fight and be effective while being boring. That's exactly how I think anyone would describe his most recent fight with Trevor Trevor McCumby. Better to be boring, stink it out this time, look good next time. I get all that. But that was such a dull fight. He seemed so uninspired, partially due to the match-up and the opponent and what he was bringing out of him. But it's a it's a case where I think some of the shine came off him even in a completely one-sided, maybe shut-out victory over McCumby. So, it's one of those things where when Pacheco's looked great, you know, I think of like the um I'm 50 &gt;&gt; had back-to-back unanimous decisions. And you know, when you're on a knockout streak and What was the What was the knockout right before that? It was See, this is this is me being I think it was Oquendo Sierra or maybe I forget who it was. But he's on back-to-back [laughter] He's on back-to-back decisions. And then he had another decision before that. But they're good fighters, undefeated fighters that aren't accustomed to going down. I'm still impressed with him. But you're on the same boat as my partners at The Zone, Todd Grisham, Chris Mannix. They were really hard on him. Here's the thing where I have to back up the fighter because I need to see that evolution, that intelligence, that game plan on this level against a strong, determined guy that's not accustomed to losing. McCumby gave a former champion in Caleb Plant all he can handle. Hurt him, dropped him. Ultimately, Caleb Plant did what champions do, come back from adversity. Pacheco didn't have to come back from adversity, but he had to be careful not to get involved in any adversity. You know, he he was minding his shots. He wasn't keeping his head up. He wasn't engaging, trying to give a T-Rex any chance to come in between the shots. He reminded me of Ricardo Mayorga, you know, McCumby. I have to be careful with guys like that. You can't exchange combinations with them. And personally, I saw what Pacheco was doing and I brought out that to the telecast. But ultimately, writers like yourself and a lot of fans left with a lot of with a bad taste in the mouth saying that maybe Diego Pacheco's going in the wrong direction. I have to disagree. I just think against that opponent, he had to be careful. And And the thing is, we all have short memories, right? That's the last thing we saw. That's what's in my mind. One good fight and we'll forget all about anything in the Trevor McCumby fight that was a little disappointing to us. That's That's the way that these things tend to go. So, that that feels fresh in our mind now. Pacheco can erase that absolutely with a with the right kind of performance against Salgado, who is a completely different style than than Trevor McCumby and and maybe a perfectly made-to-order kind of style. I I think you you as a a boxer who probably enjoyed sometimes having those guys right in front of you. I I think that may be what Pacheco's looking at with Salgado. I think he's going to shine against Kevin Salgado. Salgado has a beautiful record, undefeated, high knockout ratio. But he fights very small, 5'8". He's going to be at a huge disadvantage with Diego Pacheco. I think it's going to be like 8 inches in height. And Diego Pacheco has a basketball reach, 79 inches in reach. Salgado's going to be at the bad end of the the punches on the outside, at range, and on the inside, Diego Pacheco's just a mean fighter. Even at 6'4", he still digs down to the body, picks up fighters with uppercuts. He's just He's almost a complete package. So, against Salgado, who likes getting on the inside, but he has an opening with the elbows up, I just think there's going to be a home for uppercuts and body shots. And Pacheco has to shine. He knows that he needs to turn heads again. I think this is going to be a perfect style match-up that's tailor-made for Pacheco to shine. It can be. Salgado, that style, that sort of wild, aggressive, compact sort of fighter, a pressure fighter, really. But one who is is a little bit unpredictable at times. That's That can be the kind of style that I found with a more technically proficient boxer like Pacheco. That can either be the perfect style that's going to bring out all the best in you and he's right there to be hit and right there to be countered and you look as good as you've ever looked knocking a guy like that out or sometimes to go back to your Ricardo Mayorga analogy, not that Saucedo is anywhere near as awkward as Mayorga, but sometimes those guys who put the pressure on you just end up being a complete pain in the ass nightmare. I don't know, you know, again, you were you were boxer first. That was always sort of your your instinct is I want to use my skill. I want to counterpunch. Did you find that like those guys who were just they couldn't compete with you skill-wise, but they could put pressure on you and get up in your grill? Did you find that sometimes those guys were the exact last person you wanted to be in the ring with? &gt;&gt; You know, the way you beat perfection and I'm not calling I I thought Vernon Forrest was a complete fighter, but imperfection is the way to beat perfection. Mayorga was imperfect. He was a strong puncher, dedicated puncher. He always came forward. He was he just fought from different angles. He was wild, but he also took a big shot. So, in order to beat someone as as as great as Vernon Forrest, you had to be someone that was out of the ordinary. That was Mayorga. And then comes my style. I was unorthodox. I switched styles. I fought I was very awkward as well. So, that's what I gave a fighter like Vernon Forrest some issues when someone wasn't, you know, what they were expected to see. I think if there's any chance that Saucedo could do anything is that Pacheco gets surprised by the unorthodox ways or how strong Saucedo is or if that that that power that he has is real or did he just face the right opponents? A big red flag for me when I'm breaking down fights and I'm breaking down Saucedo this week is who did they fight? Who did they knock out? Where are they from? What is their amateur pedigree? And he's not passing all these tests. The the the record doesn't really stick out. It's not that bad, but it doesn't stick out. Most of his fights are in France. That's a huge red flag. France is not a boxing hotbed. There's not many great fighters that come out of France even though you know, boxing does does happen there, but that's a big one right there. So, anytime you have that, I'm always going to question, okay, where else did they fight? You know, so this this is this is something that I I That's the biggest red flag for me. The power, yeah, maybe the power can carry, but Pacheco has power, too. So, everything's going to be on on the side of Diego Pacheco. I think it's going to be a one-punch knockout if Saucedo plans on changing the fight or the trajectory of this fight. Yeah, I had a similar thought to you in terms of his opposition. I was I was looking at I mean, the record looks great. 26 and 0, 23 KOs. On paper, that sounds great. I think that's probably what the oddsmakers are looking at when they're making this fight not as one-sided in the odds as I would have thought it would be just looking at his record and figure undefeated guy, let's not make him too big of an underdog, but when you look at who Saucedo has fought, there's Jack Cullen 2021 knocked him out in the sixth round. That's a good win. A very faded Diego Chavez in 2024. I mean, when did he fight Keith Thurman? &gt;&gt; Cullen probably probably was at the end of his career as well. &gt;&gt; Right. Right, not in his prime either, but Chavez like I remember he was probably in his prime when he fought Keith Thurman in like 15, 16, you know, and he's fighting him in 2024. That was a KO for other than those two names. I didn't recognize a single other name on Saucedo's record. So, yeah, it tells here's here's what I'm trying to figure out is do you think that Pacheco's people were specifically looking for a fix his reputation, get well, make everyone forget the McKinson fight style-wise that they picked Saucedo with the idea that his record's glossy, he's maybe not quite as good as the record. They They Do you think Do you think they they they sought out specifically this kind of opponent in this spot coming off the McKinson fight? Oh, absolutely. And I think they they actually asked Matchroom to give a shiny record, but didn't didn't really pick a fighter that's going to give him issues because Pacheco and this leads to my next question. I don't know why he is leaving his trainer, Jose Benavidez, the father of David Benavidez. They had a great relationship. They were striving together, but I always hated when a fighter is on the championship level making solid money, real good money, really filling out arenas, getting a fan base behind him and then they leave their day one. They leave the guy that got him there. They just have no loyalty. That's a in the armor of the character of a fighter and ultimately it all comes down to character. So, Diego Pacheco, why would he leave Jose Benavidez? I don't know if you know anything in the inside or the outside, something that I don't know about, but it's always a red flag, a huge red flag when a fighter at his peak, when he's not losing, he's not even getting close to losing or getting knocked out or beat up leaves his trainer and his day one. What do you say? Yeah, I've I've heard you talk about this subject before that the the the loyalty card is is big with you and you like to see if you're going to leave your trainer, at least there should be a clear reason to do so. Um could it be that they were so disappointed in in the reaction they got to the McKinson fight that he thought it he needed to make a change despite winning almost every round? That doesn't quite add up. Um I don't have any inside information, but I read what's out there. I read the quotes. Both sides are being very civil and about it and claiming that they, you know, they're they're parting on good terms that Pacheco basically asked out of the agreement that they signed, which apparently included a couple more fights that they were supposed to work together and Benavidez senior said said no problem. I'll release you. So, I don't There could be something going on behind the scenes that we don't know about, but if it's a reaction to one kind of disappointing fight, I don't think that makes sense for for Pacheco. And as far as I know, we still don't even know who his new trainer is unless you got &gt;&gt; I think it's the assistant of Jose Benavidez, which is going to be mind-blowing from going from a venerated coach, someone that's actually doing it on the biggest level with with his son and David Benavidez, the Mexican monster, then going to an assistant. That's that just doesn't make sense for me, but two things two things two reasons that I think this is happening. And one of them is going to be that he looked bad, of course, that that, you know, he's going in the wrong direction, the wrong trajectory in his career, but he still didn't lose. He still didn't, you know, have a bad loss. So, that can't be it. Second, and this is the one that I'm leaning towards, is money. Diego Pacheco starting to make more money now. And the more money you make, the more it hurts to give 10% of your purse if that's what they agreed on. So, money can be a big red flag. I mean, we've seen it happen with Gennady Golovkin, loyal loyal with Abel Sanchez throughout this entire reign, but as soon as he made that big Canelo money, that $100 million contract, Abel Sanchez was out. And on and on and on once you see these these big purses and these big fight deals get made, the trainer gets left in the wind because of that. So, I don't know if it's just disappointment in the way their career is going or the money's getting the way, but Diego Pacheco, I'm curious to see how he looks with an assistant in his corner giving him the instructions for this fight. Well, I think your detective work kind of adds up there because if he's going to an assistant, you know, let's if Diego Pacheco were if he right, if he was leaving Benavidez senior and suddenly he's popping up with Freddy Roach or something like that, then you'd know it's not about money cuz Freddy Roach is going to want just as much if not more than Benavidez. So, to go to an assistant, that that kind of adds up. The math works out there that it may be a case of he he's making the bigger purses now, wanted to give a smaller percentage to his trainer. Boy, if not that I'm expecting him to lose to Kevin Saucedo, but if he does, I mean, the is the money you saved worth it to to get rid of your trainer? Definitely not if he comes up with a defeat here. And and that's that's why I like to stick with my day one. I love the fact it all comes down to knowing your fighter. You know, you know what you you know when you when your fighter has more. You know when your fighter needs to be held back. You know when your fighter is feeling the power in his opponent's punches. There's a look in his face. There's a a chemistry that you just build over years and years and years of being, you know, in the gym 6 days a week, of bleeding with them. I mean, your coach, your father, you're literally becoming a a kid to a teenager and a young man and a man to a champion all in front of his eyes. You can't just leave that to somebody that's been in the corner saying, "Oh, well, here's some water. You know, maybe pick your hands up." It doesn't work like that, but I wish Diego Pacheco a lot of luck. I'm going to find out for myself, see how he looks this Saturday. It's going to be a great card. I'm curious to see how Tito Mercado looks against Antonio Antonio Moran, who's a a veteran hardcore Mexican coming off a big win. That's going to be a solid fight for Mercado. Of course, you have a Joe Cordina. I'm a fan of his coming off his last fight. Win, lose, or draw, I want to watch Joe Cordina fighting Gabriel Flores. I think that's probably going to be the match up of the night as far as skill-wise goes. And of course, Skye Nicholson coming back against La Cobrita, Julian Avila. So, a nice card here in Stockton. I hope that you can be there. If not, tune in to the Zone. Eric Raskin. Uh one more topic I want to touch on here. Another fight coming on this weekend and that's Badou Jack. Badou Jack, the rematch with Noel Mikaelian, a fight that we called in Saudi Arabia. It wasn't an entertaining fight, but what do you expect with a 42-year-old Badou Jack? You know, still, you know, hanging in there, getting paydays, but you can't hate on the resume. You can't hate the fact that he's a three-division champion and he's still around here. Just just like Erislandy Lara, man. These guys will refuse to go into the the darkness and into &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; into retirement. But Mikaelian, what did you think about that fight? Who did you think won and how do you see this next fight coming along? So, full disclosure on that first fight, I was watching it, but I was not scoring it and I don't I I don't like to do the sort of the gee, I kind of felt like such and such won. If you're not If you're not scoring it carefully round by round. So, I didn't really have an opinion with regard to who deserved to win the first fight. I did find it interesting key I I keep bringing back bringing up the betting odds. I know I know you're a gambler, too, so you appreciate that. &gt;&gt; the reason I start I've been following you a long time on Twitter. You're probably my third follow on Twitter. This was back in 2013. And the reason I started following you wasn't boxing, my friend. It was poker. That That was my poker days in Commerce Casino. It was the poker knowledge and the fact that you wrote for for a poker magazine and then I realized you're a a boxing writer as well. So, but you're one of my first my first follows on a on Twitter, believe it or not. Well, as long as you brought it up, my book The Money Maker Effect is still available wherever find books are sold. But, I I I do want to talk about some of your gambling habits, but we should probably focus on Jack and Mikaelian first, but then if there's time, I'm happy to double back to your recent runs at the table games and and whatever else you may be involved in. But, but yeah, the odds on this fight I found it sort of interesting that even though Mikaelian lost the first fight, he is a minus 160 favorite and Jack a plus 130 underdog. So, I my initial instinct is to say that that's just mostly based on the age. Not that that much time is Not that Jack is much older now than he was the first time they fought, but I know Mikaelian took it on kind of short notice the first time. Then again, Jack was coming off like a what a 2-year layoff the first time that they fought. So, there's a couple of factors that could swing it either way. It's one of those things where I look at this fight as close enough to 50/50 that if you're giving me plus 130 on either guy, that that kind of sounds like possible value there. It was sort of an interesting fight the first time in terms of Mikaelian badly outworked him through like I think maybe twice as many punches or so, but Jack was the the guy landing the cleaner, more effective shots throughout the fight and and got the nod. I can't remember how you guys scored it on the broadcast. Did Did you Did you Did you guys feel that Jack was the the deserving winner? I can't remember. No, I I remember I was leaning towards Mikaelian and I rewatched that fight and I had them mostly a draw. I mean, Jack did land the better punches, but he didn't throw enough of them and I think Mikaelian was being a little bit more busy with the volume. He did land some clean-looking shots as well. It was a close fight, but I leaned it towards Noel Mikaelian. The second time around, I'm going to I'm going to probably lean towards him as well because Badou Jack is going to age is going to catch up on you. You're not going to throw as many punches. You're you're more of the the the sly, you know, old dog. You wait for the younger guy to make a mistake and then you pounce, but you don't lead the action unless they're leading the action. So, I think this time around, Mikaelian's going to want to start a lot faster, impose his will, his youth and his legs on Badou Jack. What you don't want to do is, you know, let Badou get in the mix of things and fight like an older fighter, you know, like Bernard Hopkins. He wouldn't throw a punch unless you're throwing a punch. He would just, you know, uh and he was imposing his his his will. He was imposing his his his his name. I'm Bernard Hopkins. What are you going to do in front of a legend? And it's intimidating. Badou Jack's not a legend and he's certainly not B-Hop, but he's been around a long time and he has the the accolades and the and the championships to back it up. So, I think it's Mikaelian who's going to have to, you know, do something to change the outcome come the rematch. You In bringing up B-Hop, you just brought up the only old guy from Philly who's who's tougher than me. I'm I'm the second toughest old guy out of Philly these days. B-Hop's always got the edge on me. But, Badou Jack it's fascinating that he's still around, still competing at this level at 42 in part because he had that run in 2017 to 19 where he was over a five-fight span, he was one, two, and two. And he's at that point he's in his mid to late 30s, you kind of figure the guy's winding down. And then he goes seven and 0 since then. Maybe the last decision was was disputed, but it's just one of those strange cases of a career that you figured was was just about over and then here he is several years later still going relatively strong, still fighting for belts. I I guess what I'm saying is that there's hope for you yet, Sergio. No, no. No, I mean, I'm done &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I know. Good. I'm glad I'm glad to hear you say that cuz I said it kind of in jest. So. &gt;&gt; No, see Badou Jack is not a boxer. He's not really a puncher, either, but he's a flat-footed guy. He doesn't rely on his legs. So, guys like him, guys like Lara, Lara depended on his legs earlier, but now he's more of a puncher. He's more exciting to watch cuz that's what happens to punchers. I mean, I'm sorry, that's what happens to boxers when they get old. You know, they they can't move around like they used to when they're they're younger. So, they start planting their their punches more and they end up being more exciting. They end up being being in more exciting fights just like Lara, you know, when he had the fight of the year against Hurd. That's how it is with these older fighters and even me, you know, at the end of my career, I was more of an exciting fighter getting stoppages because I couldn't move around as much. You know, my legs were just betraying me. So, I think with Badou Jack, you know, as long as he picks his spots, you know, he picks his spots as a veteran to punch in the in the in the in the right in the right time. Don't engage. Don't try to outspeed younger fighters. You try to outtechnique them. You know, you wait for them to make the mistake. You dig to the body and then you save your energy. You know, you would you play the old bull. You play the old bull all the way to the end and hope that you get decision and I think this time around, Mikaelian might get it. Yeah, I mean, that's that's exactly how it played out the first time was it was Jack letting himself get outworked, but trying to pick his spots and it and it did work out for him. Whether he can pull off the same thing twice, I don't know, but I just the the plus money on the guy who won the first time did jump out at me as as a little bit unusual. Usually, the guy who wins the first fight is to win the second fight, but I have a weird like pet peeve associated with with Badou Jack, though. This is nothing important, totally trivial, but just one of those things that bugs me is I don't like it when a guy's nickname comes after his name. He's Badou Jack the Ripper. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like I get it. Jack the Ripper. It makes sense and all, but that that formatting I don't know if it's setting off OCD in me or something, but your your nickname should be either in front of your name or between your first name and last name, not at the end of your name. That that No no Sergio Mora the Snake. Come on. That doesn't sound right. I get I get what you're saying, but and it and it should be something different. The Ripper. You know, the worst boxing nickname I know we're getting off subject here, but the worst boxing nickname for me is King. Everyone Everyone wants to be a damn king. King this, king that. I just get a unique nickname that that that stands the test of time and no one's had it. Those are the ones that really get me. Or Or the baby face assassin. Another one. These are the ones that are just played out. I don't want to hear it. What would be your nickname, by the way? Ooh, that's a that's a Let's see. So, this is not this is not original because this someone else had this, but you know, the Hebrew Hammer could apply other than the hammer part. That part's probably not that accurate. You know, I don't know. I I have to think about that a little bit. Let me get your take on sort of my favorite and least favorite nickname of all time at the same time. I love it and I hate it. Juan Lazcano, the Hispanic Causing Panic. Good nickname or bad nickname? You know what? It was unique. It was so unique, it had to be good. But, personally, I didn't like it, but I'm like that actually makes sense. It rolls off the tongue and ultimately, everyone remembers it. So, that's all that matters. They remember that nickname. So, I'm fine with that. Yes. &gt;&gt; end up bringing up a nickname for you. I'm just going to think about it while we're doing this. &gt;&gt; Maybe something something tying in my unique ability to fall That's That's That's my standout quality. So, if you can build something around my narcolepsy, that's really the way to go, I think. Well, listen, you may not be a fighter, but you're a hell of a writer and you know what? I think we did a good job here taking over Mannix. I mean, Mannix can can continue doing his baby duty. He can continue his paternity leave cuz we got the fighter and the writer figured out here. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Eric, what do you think? Yeah, man, listen. If I I don't know if he's done having kids, but if not, you know, if that factory's still open, there future paternity fill-ins required. I'm happy to jump on anytime and yeah, no, this is honestly an honor to to fill in for Mannix and to talk to you, Sergio. I appreciate your time, Eric. Thank you and I'm sure you're going to come on next week because I know Mannix. He's You know, he he loves me in a father, but I just think he's being lazy now. So, get your stuff together, Chris Mannix, or me and Raskin are taking over. The fighter and the writer coming to a pod near you.