Kind: captions Language: en All right, we are back. Chris Mannix, Sergio Mora, he's the fighter, I'm the writer. On this episode, we are going to get into a big fight card this weekend down in Texas, Stephen Fulton versus O'Shaquie Foster, Lamont Roach taking on Isaac Cruz. We're also going to talk about some reports about a Katie Taylor Ronda Rousey fight. Is that really going to happen? And Teofimo Lopez Shakur Stevenson is official. And without even looking at Sergio Mora, I know he's already thinking about a full week in New York City &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. for Teofimo against Shakur. Yeah. I can't wait. I mean, I hope they need us there Monday because, you know, it's a lot of work. &gt;&gt; You're You're in it. &gt;&gt; to fly across country about 5 and 1/2 hours, you know, 3-hour delay. So, I I leave on Monday and I got to start work Tuesday and then I got to hit the town and hit the different places in town and then we got to work, man, Monday through Sunday. So, yeah, 1 week in in New York, concrete jungle. Can't wait. After a week in New York City wining and dining, there's no way you're leaving New York with the money you made working in New York. That's &gt;&gt; Like that's a net loss. &gt;&gt; the case, but look, it's a tax write-off one, two, I have a lot of a lot of fun and it's an investment in my my lingering youth, but it's a great city. &gt;&gt; a lingering youth? Well, tomorrow's my birthday, Mannix. &gt;&gt; That's true. That's true. By the time people are listening to this, it will have been your birthday. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, you know, my lingering youth is fading away. So, I got to continue this. &gt;&gt; lingering youth end? When When What's the age cut-off? 50? Uh whenever I whenever I can't do it anymore, you know. So, I'm saying like whenever I can't do it anymore. But no, I'm looking forward to it, man. We got a great schedule and now we haven't even announced the next year's schedule. So, looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, lot coming up, lot to get into. Uh but let's start the show as we always do with our winners and losers of the week. Give me your winner of the week, Sergio Mora. The boogie woman, not the man, boogie woman of uh boxing right now, Ms. Margaret Goodman, MD, medical doctor, Mannix. Uh she's the one that heads the voluntary anti-doping association or agency or one of those. VADA. She's doing an incredible job catching these cheaters, man. I mean, first it was uh you know, with Subriel Matias, now it's with Janibek Alimkhanuly. She just continues doing her job and the sport of boxing is better for it because no cheaters allowed, especially on the championship level. So, Dr. Margaret Goodman, keep doing the great work. Yeah, we're going to talk about Janibek and we're going to talk about uh Subriel Matias, but you're right. It is great having a testing agency that catches people. Like the If you're doing something dirty, pretty good chance that VADA is going to catch you. Uh my winner of the week goes back this past Saturday, Ben Whittaker, 175-lb uh prospect, soon-to-be contender. He uh in his first fight with Matchroom gets a first-round knockout over Benjamin Gavazzi. Not a huge surprise that he was able to blow through Gavazzi, but Sergio, I thought Whittaker looked as good as he possibly could look. He was sharp, he looked in shape, he was athletic, and the power was there. Uh this partnership with Andy Lee, this partnership with Matchroom, I think it's going to yield some good things for Ben Whittaker. And we already saw the WBC, they're pushing for a eliminator between Ben Whittaker and Joshua Buatsi. Now, I think Eddie Hearn wants at least one fight in between for Ben Whittaker, but that's a pretty good fight over in the UK in say like the summer of 2026. It's the ideal uh debut for Matchroom, you know, to to roll out the red carpet for Ben Ben Whittaker, get a first-round knockout against a guy that never got knocked out in 20 fights, one loss. I mean, that was impressive to do that. Uh and the way he did it, you know, he still did it with flash, but he did it responsible. And it was the body, man. I love seeing young guys with less than a dozen fights, guys that have a high limit, you know, dig down to the body cuz that's what you're going to need whenever you evolve into the championship level. You're going to need body shots, you're going to need the jab. He showed a little bit of everything and it was a it was a a great display of what's to come. Do you like the Buatsi fight for Whittaker? Oh, I love that Buatsi fight. Buatsi's your boys from the Olympics, you know, I I he's never really convinced me. Yeah. You know, Buatsi's never really convinced me. Whittaker's convinced me from the very beginning. So, I can't wait for that fight because the winner belongs uh on top and the winner belongs with with uh with with the attention and the money that's going to come with it. All right. On the flip side, give me your loser of the week. And I think I know where you're going to go with this. &gt;&gt; my loser of the week. I just said his name, uh Ms. uh Margaret Goodman popped him. He He's the one that caught him. So, Janibek Alimkhanuly. I mean, for for you know, uh testing positive for meldonium. &gt;&gt; So, let me Yeah, let's just I just know I just know that it it it it reduces fatigue and it it boosts endurance. That right there is all you need. &gt;&gt; So, let's let let's talk about this. I'll give you a chance to to finish, but uh Janibek did pop positive for meldonium, which is a real thing. Like this is not some, you know, tainted meat type of supplement. This isn't even a weight-cutting type of ingredient. This is the kind of thing that Alexander Povetkin tested positive for before his planned fight against Deontay Wilder. It's the same drug that Maria Sharapova, the tennis player, &gt;&gt; Mhm. tested positive for. It is not the kind of thing that you just get because you eat tainted meat or take a improper supplement. This is a subscr- subscription medicine, a prescription, sorry, medicine that uh Janibek got popped for. So, a real thing. He is out off this card coming on this weekend. Erislandy Lara is going to fight somebody else, but uh Go ahead. You're You're like Janibek has been one of those guys that's talked about, you know, clean sport for a long time. Now here he is testing positive. What do you make of that? There's no excuses for it. There's absolutely no excuses for it. I mean, look, th- this is a a guy that's a unified champion. Uh he's been begging for the big fights. He was asking for the big names, the championship level names. And what does he do? I mean, the worst thing you could probably probably be in this sport is a cheater and cutting corners and and trying to get an advantage in a dangerous sport. And I mean, I hate to I hate to just call him a cheater right off the bat because, you know, it's innocent till proven guilty. But come on, man, if you're going to be uh failing the the the the strictest test in boxing, it's VADA. They're the ones that actually catch cheaters. They're the ones that really If you're cheating, if you're cycling or or you're trying to off-cycle, they're going to catch you. They're going to pop you because it's 24/7, they're always surprising you, and I'm glad they caught him, and I'm glad they continue catching these fighters because I don't care if they have a nanogram or whatever it is, barely in your system, that means it's in your system and you cheated sometime in that camp and you try to cycle off. So, Margaret Goodman was my winner of the week. My loser is Janibek for for blowing it because he was right there to to unify and become the boogeyman and continue being the boogeyman at middleweight. Now he just regrets and went backwards with this with this cheating scarlet letter that he has on his chest now. Does it surprise you? I mean, the the arrogance it has to take to consume something like meldonium and not expect to get caught. Now, maybe he's been doing it for a while and hasn't gotten caught. I'm always of the belief, Sergio, that the first time somebody gets caught doing something is not the first time they've done it. It's like drunk driving. Like the first time you get pulled over for DUI is not the first time you drove drunk. So, maybe he's been getting away with it. Maybe all these guys have been getting away with it for a while. And now they just keep getting caught. It just takes a lot of arrogance, I think, to uh take something like that, uh sign up for something like VADA, which is the strictest drug testing that's out there right now, and be surprised when you get caught and uh and test positive. &gt;&gt; Not only arrogance, but the insecurity of a 32-year-old champion having to take this &gt;&gt; having to take this shortcut, having to cheat to fight an aging 42-year-old former champion or champion and Erislandy Lara, a non-puncher. And it goes to show you, man, cuz I've been saying this all along. It's not only because I wasn't a puncher in my heyday, but non-punchers are just as feared as the big punchers cuz you can't hit them with a solid shot. Lara has given everyone hell. He's never been knocked out by the likes of Canelo and Jarrett Hurd and the biggest punchers at 154 and 160, they never knocked out Lara. Lara is a boogeyman. He's a legit Cuban boogeyman who's never needed shortcuts, never popped for PEDs, always faced the best, never been stopped. So, credit to Erislandy Lara. He should have been my winner of the week, too, by the way, but you know, uh now we have to we have to nip this in the bud and Janibek, it's disappointing what he did and and and everyone involved. It It's incredible, man. It Cheaters cheaters don't belong in this sport. It's a dangerous sport as it is. You can't take shortcuts and and anyone that keeps popping for these negative PED tests, the hell with them, man. You got to ban them. You know, sooner or later, money and fines aren't enough. You got to start banning these guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and Lara is a loser in all this, too. I mean, he is staying on the card. He'll salvage the training camp. He'll get a payday out of it. But this was kind of his his like Hall of Fame barometer, &gt;&gt; You're right. Mhm. we'd probably be talking about Erislandy Lara as a Hall of Famer, uh decorated amateur, multi-time world champion, two-division world champion, now a unified champion at 160. Now, that opportunity's gone. It's probably never coming back. I mean, maybe he gets another shot. He can, you know, fight for the other version of the title, but that's a body blow for Erislandy Lara, too. Everybody uh suffers as a result. Um my loser of the week are your pals over the WBC. And really all sanctioning bodies this week. Let's just lump all the sanctioning bodies together. But the WBC especially, your friends over there, the guys that gave you that green belt that you towed around the backseat of your car all the time. &gt;&gt; I know, but you still keep in the backseat of your car all the time just in case anybody sees Sergio driving through East LA. &gt;&gt; They had themselves a week down in uh I've heard Bangkok, Thailand. Where they held the convention. Surprised you haven't been invited to this. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You'd go to Thailand. Um among the things that happened at the WBC convention this week, uh the WBC stripped Terence Crawford for not paying his sanctioning fees. That's a whole different story, but Terence Crawford is no longer the WBC's 168-lb champion. Hamzah Sheeraz, who has all of one win at 168, he is going to fight Christian Beeli reportedly for the 168-lb title. Uh they announced that Subriel Matias, the aforementioned 140-pounder who tested positive for ostarine, he was not guilty. They say he's not guilty. That his fight against Dalton Smith is going to be allowed to continue on January 10th. I guess that's if the New York State Athletic Commission allows it to continue. That might be a separate ballgame altogether. But, see no evil, hear no evil when it comes to Subriel Matias and that positive test. They also made Conor Benn the number one contender at 147 lb despite not having fought there for 3 years and having all of zero quality wins at 147. And now if you want to go with the other sanctioning bodies, you got the WBA still not enforcing the mandatory for Rolly Romero. Rolly trying to get a fight done with Manny Pacquiao. Doesn't have a deal yet, but Shakhram Giyasov is standing there so I've jumped saying I've jumped through every hoop that you've asked me to jump through and you still won't enforce my mandatory status. And the WBO, we're 2 weeks away from seeing our friend Diego Pacheco fight on DAZN. Diego Pacheco should be the number one contender for the WBO title. Instead, he got leapfrogged a couple of months ago by Terence Crawford, whatever. And Hamzah Sheeraz, who was so grateful to the WBO that he said, "Take your rating and stuff it. I'm going to fight for a WBC title." So, I think it's not been a great stretch for sanctioning bodies. It's been a particularly bad week for the WBC. Uh not only the WBC, but you're right about all the sanctioning bodies, but it's not only the sanctioning bodies and the belts, but boxing period. Promoters and we talk about the International Hall of Fame. It's become a popularity contest. It's become who brings more money to the table. It's It's It's collecting fees. It's It's politics, man. It's Boxing has gone from from professional pugilism to who's the best fights the best to a popularity contest and who can bring the most money to the table. Who can generate more money in the box office. Who can sell pay-per-views. Who's going to be have a have a bigger following on social media. It's a freaking popularity contest and as a fighter for a long time that wasn't popular and then I you know gained my popularity through a TV show. I've been on both sides, man. I know what it's like not to get the the calls. Not not to be to be ignored by the promoters, to be ignored by the sanctioning bodies. And all of a sudden I won a reality show, all of a sudden I I fight for the WBC title. So, I've been at both sides, man. I I I I can't hate on this, but Diego Pacheco is number one and for anyone to get you know jump over that, then you're you're you're going for popularity. You're going for who who's the man at the moment. And look, I'm a big fan of Hamzah Sheeraz. He's coming off a huge win, but he shouldn't be ahead of Diego Pacheco. They should be fighting for the number one spot or for a belt. Either way, man, I just boxing's going in the wrong direction ever since this influx of money and different players. And now we have Netflix and we It's just getting bigger and bigger and bigger. So, we're just throwing more money at the problem. You know, so uh I What can you do? It's politics and it's money. Is it I mean, is it that much different than what it was in the '90s? I mean, in the 1990s you had the IBF get in trouble with the FBI for ratings shopping, you know, doing illegal things. The WBC has always had a cushy relationship with Don King back in the day. The WBO, cushy relationship with Top Rank over the years. I'm not sure it's markedly different. I I just think it's important to call attention to unethical things. And right now, sanctioning bodies are at an inflection point. Sanctioning bodies are under attack because Zuffa Boxing is coming. And as they ascend, they're not taking sanctioning bodies with them. You see Gustavo from the WBO with #beltsmatter. Does that all the time. Every time he hands over a belt, reminds the fighter, "Belts matter." Well, belts do matter. They're important to fighters. I get that. But, if these rankings are consistently being manipulated and these championship matches are not the best or most qualified or a meritocracy, then what value do they have? Then why do they matter? So, that's my issue with these sanctioning bodies. Because this is a time where they are by certain people they are trying to be phased out, they should be trying to rise to the occasion. They should be &gt;&gt; going to say. They should be trying to do more to show that they're value, they're ethical, all those things. Instead, they're continuing to do less, less and less every time. See, the meritocracy and I learned that word because I looked it up last time you used it. Uh when I won The Contender, I shouldn't have fought for the WBC title, but look at who held it, Vernon Forrest. I was a major underdog. So, yeah, I got it out of popularity, but I earned it by beating a four-time champion. So, uh that kind of worked out. You know, the the if you if you weigh like, "Okay, he doesn't deserve that opportunity. Sergio Martinez does cuz I think he was number one contender." But, let the popular kid get his butt kicked and I earned it. I earned it by beating a legitimate champion. But, these guys are are skipping uh the mandatory. They're They're They're getting replaced by money, by popularity. &gt;&gt; It's not that they're skipping. It's that the mandatory are not who they're supposed to be. Like I don't actually mind I don't mind Vernon Vernon took you as a volunteer, right? Like that was a volunteer. And I don't mind that stuff. Like if you have an opportunity to fight a popular fighter, we'll talk about Katie Taylor in a minute, like to fight someone popular as a voluntary defense, that's fine. It's when the mandatory come around and the people that are in these mandatory positions are not the most worthy of the bunch. That's who should be number one, the most worthy fighters in that particular weight class. And it goes to show you that popularity was already starting to make its way in 2008 when I won the title. When I when I beat Vernon Forrest for that title, Oscar De La Hoya was starting to look my way. You know, but all of a sudden it was Sergio Martinez was number one also looking my way. And then Vernon Forrest saying, "Uh-uh, we got a rematch clause." So, even if even if I wanted to and try to pay to fight Oscar De La Hoya, I wasn't going to get there. Vernon Forrest was going to he was going to get his his his rematch. He got it and he got his belt back. That there's ways around that now because of politics, because of those ranking systems, because of a popularity. &gt;&gt; thing with Vernon Forrest, wasn't it like contractual more than like the WBC said &gt;&gt; but it was contractual, but I mean, these rankings are are they should be held to that standard as well. Maybe it's not on paper, but I mean, your rankings are they're they're supposed to be held to that standard. Like you're the number one contender for this belt and when the time comes, you're the one fighting for it and there's no skipping places and no skipping jumping in line. It's cheating. It's It's a form of of of not being honest with what that number one ranking really means. All right. Uh by the way, what would have happened if you fought Oscar? I think I would have beat him. I think I would have beat him. I mean, he was at the end of his career. Uh a smaller man and Manny Pacquiao, you know, beat him to submission. He didn't come out of the corner. He was having his issues. In 2008, I think I would have beat Oscar De La Hoya. Okay. Well, we'll have to play the undefeated game to see how that would have played out. &gt;&gt; Uh all right. This week we had the long-anticipated announcement of the Teofimo Lopez-Shakur Stevenson fight could happen January 31st, New York City. My guess is it's at Madison Square Garden. That's what I've been hearing for a while. It's going to be in New York City. Hope so. Don't worry. It'll be in New York. Um one thing struck me right away, Sergio, when these oddsmakers come out. DraftKings has Shakur Stevenson as a big favorite coming into this fight. He is at minus 350 right now for Shakur Stevenson to beat Teofimo Lopez. He is going to be the one coming up in weight. Teofimo Lopez is the established 140-lb champion. Teofimo Lopez is the lineal champion at 140. Uh what do you make of the oddsmakers making Shakur an early favorite? I I would make him an early favorite as well. I mean, styles make fights and defense wins championships. Teofimo was a strong athletic puncher at 135 because he was bigger than most guys at 135. At 140, like we've seen in his last, you know, five fights, they go the distance. Um and I I think that Teofimo in one hasn't carried his power to 140 and two, I think he struggles with southpaws as well. And Shakur Stevenson is the definition of a lethal southpaw that knows how to fight that stance. From the Olympics where he won a silver medal to now, you know, fighting at this weight division where he's continuing to conquer and people can't lay a glove on him. If you look back at Teofimo Lopez's when he fought when he fought Sandor Martin, a southpaw, struggled. You know, when he fought Josh Taylor, he won that fight and it was a legitimate threat, but Josh Taylor is a southpaw. You know, so he he he struggled with that as well. So, I just think I just think the southpaw, the defensive style, the in-and-out cheetah-like reflexes of Shakur Stevenson, the fact that he doesn't get hit, people get frustrated with that that that style of fighting and momentum. Shakur Stevenson's coming off one of the biggest wins of his career against an aggressive, strong, big puncher in Zepeda and he schooled him. So, momentum's on his favor, style's on his favor, and he's a southpaw with a high IQ. I could see why he's a favorite, Shakur Stevenson. Yeah. I'm not so sure that him being a southpaw is why I and I agree with this the odds. Um the style though, definitely. Uh you mentioned Sandor Martin. A lot of problems Sandor Martin and that was as much to do with like Teofimo when he has to track you down, he's not as effective. The guys that come at Teofimo, guys like Lomachenko, guys like Josh Taylor where I thought he did look pretty good against. If you come at him &gt;&gt; He looked good, but it was a close fight. That's all I'm saying. 115-113 Yeah, I I didn't feel like it was that close though. I thought he won much cleaner. Even Josh Taylor afterwards said I got beat. Um the when you fight a more defensive style, it's difficult for Teofimo. Sandor Martin fought it, Jamaine Ortiz fought it when he fought him a couple of years ago. I actually thought that Arnold Barboza did himself a disservice by being as aggressive as he was. I thought if Barboza fought Teofimo the way he fought Jose Ramirez, he would have given himself a better chance to win. I didn't like that he was coming forward as much as he did in that fight cuz Teofimo, he's a counter puncher. He he doesn't like to chase you down. He wants you to come to him. I know we saw a more aggressive version, a more physical version in of Shakur Stevenson last time out, but we know that's not him. Like he's not going to fight Teofimo Lopez the way that he fought William Zepeda. He is going to be the classic Shakur Stevenson. Hit and don't get hit, fight in the pocket, but get out of range. I think he's going to be really frustrating for Teofimo. I think Teofimo is going to have to go deep into his bag to find ways to track down and land punches on Shakur Stevenson. I've seen Teofimo frustrated before and you're right. &gt;&gt; the Martin fight, he already said, "Do I still got it?" Said that after the Martin fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and when you start questioning yourself like that, especially out loud, you a piece of you as a fighter is already out there in the in in the ether, you know, it's already out there. You you let it go, you know, people already seen that little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your armor when you start questioning yourself. Fighters should never question themselves, you know, and they shouldn't talk bad about themselves. Even if they have the bad night, they should have an excuse. That's why you hear excuses all the time because it makes fighters what they are. It makes them ignorant enough to think that they just have that one bad night against that one bad opponent, but I'm still a killer. I'm still King Kong, you know, and moving forward, that's the ignorance. But for Teofimo, he's been so hit and miss. He was a puncher at 135. He was beautiful to watch at lightweight, but at at 140 he's been hit and miss. So, what Teofimo are we going to get? Are we going to get the best version of him? Which is against Barboza, I think he looked pretty good against the champion. &gt;&gt; I mean, I I think the win over Barboza, you tell me if I'm wrong here. &gt;&gt; But that style doesn't beat Shakur. The win against Barboza looked good in context of the rest of the crap card. Like cuz &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; nothing else was good &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. on that card. Demetrius wasn't good, Ryan Garcia wasn't good. &gt;&gt; with Teo against Barboza than Teo versus uh Not Taylor. Taylor looked good. &gt;&gt; Not Taylor. Before he fought Taylor. &gt;&gt; Jamaine Ortiz. There you go, Jamaine Ortiz. &gt;&gt; Ortiz is the one I was talking about. That was very disappointing because he's hot or cold. Teofimo's hot or cold. So, at lightweight he was always hot. I mean, he was always making the the highlights, you know, on ESPN. He was always he was always that guy. He was making a lot of noise with that Heisman stance, with the backflip. He was supposed to be a star. He did become a star. &gt;&gt; no, he did become a star and he shut a lot of people up at 140, but he still gets cold. I think the hottest of the hot doesn't beat Shakur Stevenson. It's just styles make fights and Stevenson is just too quick off that trigger and no one has been able to penetrate that that that that stance, that that in and out style. It's amateurish, but guess what? You can't get past it. So, if it ain't broke, don't fix it fix it if you're Shakur. All right. So, let's talk about another fight that we hope is going to happen in 2026 and that is Boots Ennis against Vergil Ortiz. It was just about a month ago, Sergio, we were in Texas. Boots Ennis was there. He jumped into the ring after Vergil knocked out Erickson Lubin. Everybody thought, yes, we are finally going to get a super fight at junior middleweight, two of the best American boxers in the world today, black fighter against Mexican fighter, young fighter young star against young star. It seemed perfectly set up. And then this week, Sergio, we get social media. We get a lot of yapping on social media. It's Instagram. It's Twitter. You got the managers involved. And I'm sitting there, Sergio, watching all this stuff. I'm starting to get a little bit nervous. I'm starting to get a little bit nervous that maybe this Boots Ennis-Vergil Ortiz fight isn't going to happen. What do you think of the the back and forth that you've seen? Cuz what I've found is that when the social media stuff gets involved, that's often when fights fall apart. Um there's a right to be nervous on you know, as a as a reporter and a critic and as a writer for you for for yourself, but I'm not nervous. As a fighter, I know they're going to do it. It's posturing. It's it's it's money. It's management, but if they don't fight, the pride of both fighters, their ego, their reputation, everything that they've been talk talking about, it's going to take a big hit because it's already taken a big hit for one of them, Boots, when initially this fight got announced for a lot of money and he stepped aside. He didn't want the fight just yet. He wanted to wet his beak and you know, test himself test his Boots at 154. He just did that now. Now what's the excuse? Vergil, he's been calling out every big name and he says he's fighting anyone, anytime, anywhere. So, we know it's not going to be be him posturing. Maybe his manager's posturing for more money. This fight's going to happen, man. It's I'm not worried about it. I'm not worried about this fight. If this fight doesn't happen next, it's going to be uh I want to say a bad word a bad storm of of a spit storm of of negative consequences for both men, both boxers, both champions because at their peak, this is what boxing used to be at its heyday. Two young, undefeated champions. These guys aren't even champions, but they're on the championship level. This is back to Leonard-Hearns and this is back to Leonard-Benitez. This is back to Leonard-Duran. Sugar Ray Leonard fought all those fights before he was 25 years old. That's the heyday. That's when we have to go back to and that's where these guys are kind of in their mid-20s range. It's it the time is now. Strike while the iron's hot. The money's there. I mean, they're getting they're getting life-changing money. It's not like they can wait for more money. If it doesn't happen now, then that storm I was talking about, it's brewing over both guys' heads. I think in the messaging battle, Vergil Ortiz and his team are losing. Um one thing that Eddie Hearn and Boots Ennis have made crystal clear over the last couple of months is that they have agreed to all terms. Like they are, as Eddie says in his British accent, signed. They have signed to fight Vergil Ortiz. They're locked in. Whatever the deal is on their side, they're fine with it. There's not a deal yet on the side of Vergil Ortiz. And I'm wondering and I sent a couple of text messages last night to people. I'm like, when you guys, like Vergil and Rick Mirigian and others are saying we haven't gotten an offer yet, who are you talking to? Like who do you expect to make an offer here? According to Matchroom and according to people at the zone, like there is the framework of an agreement in place between these two sides. Now, if Vergil isn't happy with his version of it, that's fine, but I think Vergil's issue is probably more with Golden Boy than it is with Boots Ennis and with Matchroom. Like I think that's that's more the issue. Maybe maybe there's a little miscommunication. Maybe there they don't have the the everything you need to know on the contract or they want more money and they're posturing. Either either way, I mean, we've seen it before and this is just a a negotiation and a tactic that that managers use and we know that Rick Mirigian is excellent manager. He's going to want to get all his fighters premium money and I think that I think that's what they're waiting for. Has nothing to do with the fight. &gt;&gt; this like the premium the premium money part, right? Like there's only so much guaranteed money that's going to go in the pot. Without Riyadh season, the Saudis involved, there's only so much guaranteed money going in the pot. After that, it's upside. After that, it's how do you sell this fight? And I think if you sell this fight well, if you do a press tour in Philly, in Dallas, in Vegas where this fight's probably going to take place, you can build this up to a fight in the half a million range. Not the numbers you were saying. I got a lot of texts about last time you said like a million pay-per-view buys. You guys got to stop talking like that. &gt;&gt; No, it was the Garcia-Tank and I said it was going to do a million. &gt;&gt; even close to Garcia-Tank. It's not going to do a million pay-per-view buys. &gt;&gt; But you said back then that it wasn't going to do a million. I said, of course it is and it's a fast track. &gt;&gt; you said in a previous episode you thought that Boots and Vergil would approach that. That's I think we're going to get close to a million. No, it's not. I think and I think 500,000 would be a huge number. Nobody's doing $500,000 pay-per-views 500,000 buy pay-per-views. Nobody's doing it. I think we'll be in the in the high seven and eight. &gt;&gt; Either here nor there. But it's if you do the press tour right, you can get the money that would have been guaranteed otherwise by the Saudis. You can get six, seven million dollar guarantees, which is what was on the table when they were talking about this fight the first time around. It just needs to get done and then they need to promote it. To me, it's not I don't know what the negotiations are about. Like squeezing more guaranteed money? How much more guaranteed money could there possibly be? This is about how many pay-per-views you can sell and what the upside is. Yes, certainly it's a little bit different on DAZN now with this ultimate plan that they have, which you know, reduces the number of pay-per-view buys on individual fights. Most of the diehards that are out there have this ultimate plan. I have this ultimate plan. You probably pirate the ultimate plan, but most people have it and it it changes the way that the numbers are counted, but it should just be about what the viewership is, what the buy number is, how many people are watching. I I I don't know what exactly the Virgil side is waiting for as they try to close this deal. I only fought in one pay-per-view. That was with Shane Mosley and &gt;&gt; It did 300,000. All right, that was respectable. Maybe 299. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Anyway, it was it wasn't a good pay-per-view, but you know, uh I had to deal with all that. I wanted to I wanted to get an upside of pay-per-view if it did over a certain amount. I had to get all that on paper. So, I understand, you know, the little numbers that are getting the way. The fight's going to happen. Uh I'm not too worried about it. I think too much pride is on the line. &gt;&gt; Sergio, give me give me a percentage. Your percentage chance this fight happens is what? Uh 89%. I'm I'm very confident. &gt;&gt; number to go to, 89%. &gt;&gt; yeah, it was a B a B plus a high B plus. You know, I just think this is a B plus. &gt;&gt; you were a B plus student? Oh, no, I was D minus. Okay. Uh but I think it I think it gets over the finish line. Um anything can happen. That's why I'm not giving it an A, but uh I just think too too much money is on the line. These guys are both going to make a a lot of money for this fight. Both career high paydays. They it's going to be it it has to happen. I it has to happen. What are you in the business for? It's not even You're in the business to win a world championship and to make money. Both these guys aren't I mean, this won't be for a a title at 154, would it? No, I mean, not unless you can convince &gt;&gt; go. So, it's not a championship. They're doing it strictly for the money. So, all that posturing is for the prize in the middle of the pot and they're trying to squeeze out more prize out of that pot. But there's already a lot a lot of money in there. So, stop being greedy, make the fight happen and do it for the fans. Do it for the legacy. Do it for the sanctity of the sport. Do it for all the things and all the great things in your life that that you want accomplish just with that one fight. It's incredible. You can check all those boxes. Just sign on the dotted line. &gt;&gt; fight and maybe the third [clears throat] fight. Like I cannot envision a scenario where this fight happens and we're not immediately afterwards talking about a rematch. Like, you know, I I think it's going to be a knockdown drag-out type of war. Could be a stoppage on either side. Could be a close decision either way. One way or the other, we're going to be talking about these two 27, 28-year-olds fighting again. Or it looks similar to uh um Canelo and and uh Crawford? Crawford. No, I don't think it's going to do I can look it could look similar to Canelo and Bud. You think it's going to be like that? You think it's going to be like &gt;&gt; I just I want to throw a flip side there. Or it can be &gt;&gt; it's Crawford was competitive It was competitive, but Crawford dominated. Uh dominated comfortably. He won clean. He won comfortably and clean and there was a a decisive winner. Uh Canelo tried to make it a fight, but Bud didn't allow it. So, I think that's that can also happen when it comes to Boots and Virgil. Where Virgil is overly aggressive trying to, you know, impose his will, impose his impose his size and and physicality and Boots just has that one magical moment, Philly style, shaking, rolling, hurting them, blooding them up, busting them up. He can have that moment, too, where it's a one one-sided competitive fight. &gt;&gt; think it's going to be that way, though. It can be. It can be. Whenever you have that much aggression whenever you have that one one-way aggression. Virgil doesn't back up. He doesn't Have you ever Have you ever seen Virgil back up and try to box? So, you know what to expect. &gt;&gt; the Bo Witch fight, he was backing up in that fight. A little bit. I'll give you that. A little bit. I don't think he backed up. I think he went laterally, but &gt;&gt; Bo Witch Bo Witch only only knows how to come straight forward. But whenever you have that much aggression and you have that much uh firepower just like Boots has, then yeah, I I I would favor Boots in that in that in that um competition between two I'm not saying you're wrong. I I just think it's going to be a good fight and I think afterwards we talk about doing it again, which is why hey, let's get this one over the finish line now. Maybe a year from then you could do a rematch. Maybe 6 months after that you can do a third fight. Like a lot of people have looked at these two guys who have been rivals since they were welterweights as, you know, each one is going to be defined by the other. Why not get three great fights out of it and and have some history made and a lot of money that gets made in the process. Um speaking of a lot of money, it's about a month ago, Sergio, we were in Texas &gt;&gt; my money? What money? That I was just talking to you about I'm owed a lot of money. I don't owe you the money, though. Your agent owes me a lot of money. &gt;&gt; is your agent. &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, our agent owes me money, but anyway &gt;&gt; we do this? All right, we're getting off track. A little over a month ago, we were in Texas when the rumors first started about a Katie Taylor Ronda Rousey fight. Katie Taylor, of course, the unified 140-lb champion, number one pound-for-pound in women's boxing. Ronda Rousey has not competed in MMA for about when, 8 9 years. Has never fought on the boxing level, but is interested reportedly in getting back in the game, but interested in a fight against Katie Taylor. Katie Taylor, also over in Thailand, seemed to confirm that these talks were taking place. You are shaking your head, Sergio Mora. Are you How do you feel about the possibility of a Taylor versus Rousey fight? How do I feel about the fight? I shake my head because it'll be a one-sided beatdown. It it would be an embarrassment of the highest proportion between a highly skilled boxer, one of the greatest if not the greatest, arguably the greatest female fighter in boxing against uh MMA fighter that's a jiu-jitsu specialist. If you're not on the floor, she can't fight. There was a video circulating of her shadow boxing. I've seen you shadow box better than Ronda Rousey. It was terrible. She looked like a robot. She looked worse than a robot. Nowadays with AI, you can program a robot to look pretty good. She was terrible. Elbows out, chin up in the air, no speed, no It's going to It's going to be a a grand failure for boxing, but it won't be a grand failure for Katie Taylor. And if anybody deserves to throw a golden bone to someone like Katie Taylor, it it's her. Just like Floyd Mayweather got Conor McGregor. Just like Anthony Joshua got Francis Ngannou. It'll be easy money. Big money for an easy night inside that squared circle cuz there was only going to be one boxer in that equation and that one boxer is a great boxer in a one-sided beatdown where she can make even more money against a well a well-respected MMA fighter in Ronda Rousey, but she she will get embarrassed by the great Katie Taylor. So, I'm all for it just because I love uh the the the story of Katie Taylor who's given it given us so many wars. Not once, not twice, but against Amanda Serrano three times. Delphine Persoon. Uh Chantelle Cameron. She continues to go you know, uh fight the same fighters because she has nowhere else to go. So, she can make easy money to fight a non-fighter, go ahead, girl. Get your money. Katie Taylor has the best resume in women's boxing. I agree. Unquestionably. Uh I think she's number one pound-for-pound. I agree. &gt;&gt; over Serrano, which was the most decisive of the three wins. Even as she approaches 40 years old, I think she's number one pound-for-pound. And I agree with you. If anyone deserves a gimme, if anyone deserves a layup, even if it's an exhibition, it's Katie Taylor. This is a perfect Netflix event. This is what Netflix is here [snorts] in combat sports for. Because I've said this before, Netflix does not give a damn what the fight looks like in the ring. They don't. They're not wired in the same way that other networks are wired. If a bad fight happens on DAZN, people at DAZN are like, "Oh god, we don't need more of that. That that was bad." But Netflix has a different calculus. Netflix only cares about how much promotion they get for a fight. Taylor versus uh Rousey, huge promotion. Netflix only cares about how many eyeballs are watching the fight. For a women's combat sports match, Taylor versus Rousey does huge numbers. So, they don't care. This is exactly what Netflix is in combat sports for. They want the show. They don't care about the fight. And I agree with you completely. Ronda Rousey is going to get worked in this fight. The only way Ronda Rousey lasts past like three or four rounds is if Katie Taylor, who's one of the nicest people in all of boxing, decides to carry her for a few rounds. If Katie Taylor goes out and says, "You know what? I want to take Ronda Rousey out in 60 seconds." Katie Taylor can take Ronda Rousey out in 60 seconds. It's kind of like what we may see in a couple of weeks with Jake Paul against Anthony Joshua. If Anthony Joshua really wants to take out Jake Paul early, he can probably take out Jake Paul early. If Katie Taylor wants to finish off Ronda Rousey, who I don't How many of Ronda Rousey's MMA fights ended in like 30 seconds, 60 seconds, one round? Like a lot of her fights ended quickly. She is not built even in 2-minute rounds. &gt;&gt; her getting her butt kicked by uh Amanda Nunes. Nunes beat her standing up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Nunes ain't a professional Nunes is is not a professional boxer. She was countering the hell out of her while Rousey was trying to break the distance and get her on the floor. Amanda was just backing up, just popping her. She's the easiest target, Ronda Rousey. And aside from that, and I say it all the time, MMA fighters can't take a punch. They can't take it on the chin. So, forget the fact that Ronda Rousey can't punch. She has no style. She has no speed. She has no technique, but she don't have a chin. She will get worked. It will be a one-sided and easy easy fight to call. &gt;&gt; there's so many eyeballs because MMA fans are out of their freaking mind. Every time an MMA fighter gets into the ring with a professional boxer, during the build-up, MMA fans, and I I applaud you for your loyalty, but MMA fans can convince themselves that their guy or their girl is going to win. They convince themselves that Conor McGregor could beat Floyd Mayweather. They convinced themselves that Francis Ngannou could beat Anthony Joshua. They're going to convince themselves that Ronda Rousey, who has been doing nothing combat-wise since like 2016 or 17, that she's going to come in against an active Katie Taylor and win that fight. They are going to watch this fight, and that is what Netflix cares about. Look, are there better fights out there for Katie Taylor? Of course, there are. I'd love to see Katie Taylor get a fight with Mikaela Mayer. They've been circling each other for almost a decade, more than a decade now. Since they're both in the Olympics in 2012, in 2016, have never fought. Mikaela is a top-level star at 147, at 154. You could do a third fight with Chantelle Cameron, a rubber match. You could fight one of the titleholders at 135 lbs. But Katie Taylor has been through so many wars, Sergio. She deserves a layup. Her team, like her team's been asking her to retire for like 2 years now. &gt;&gt; So have I. Remember we did a pod, I said &gt;&gt; her team means more to her, though. Brian Peters. Yes. Great manager. He's been doing great by her, but I I've told you that I think she should retire. I think it was like 2 or 3 years ago because she's accomplished everything she could accomplish. She's made a whole lot of money. I'm talking about tens of millions of dollars more than most men get in their entire career. Katie Taylor was Olympic gold medalist. She's a hero in Ireland. She's done everything right. She's proved that she can box, fight, bleed. She's a national treasure. All right? So from now, it can just go It can go the wrong way. But for this one, it's an easy layup, like you like to say. So take this easy money, beat the hell out of Ronda Rousey, and then you should, you know, call it a career. And I think Brian Peters, her manager, would agree. This should be the final swan song and profitable fight profitable fight for the great Katie Taylor, who can go down in history as the quote, you know, people hate to hate on Claressa Shields, but competition matters. You know, the way the the people that you beat, you know, you have to have adversaries. You have to have that B-side. You have to have another name. And Katie Taylor didn't only have it with Amanda Serrano, she had it with others, as well. Yeah, and look, Claressa could still theoretically get there. She's got She's like 10 years younger than Katie Taylor, so a long way to go. That's another thing. Katie Taylor's about to be 40. Approaching 40, yeah. I mean I mean, you're trying to fight and you're almost 50. &gt;&gt; [sighs and gasps] &gt;&gt; My birthday's tomorrow, yeah. But uh yeah, my legs are done. And Katie Taylor has turned into a fighter because those legs are fading. Just like Erislandy Lara has turned more into a fighter because his legs are fading. That's what happens to boxers that made a career off their legs if they reach into their late 30s and early 40s, they become fighters and more flat-footed. It's more exciting, but it's also more punishing for your body. Yeah. Hopefully this fight gets done, and hopefully it's the last one for Katie Taylor. All right, this weekend, great card. I mean, even with Lara against Jana Back out, you've still got two coin-flip types of fights. I want to start in the undercard, where you get Stephen Fulton going up against O'Shaquie Foster for Foster's 130-lb title. This fight has been snakebitten for a while. It's had some stops and starts, but it is going to happen on this card on Saturday. I just I saw this somewhere. Fulton has a chance to become the first Philadelphia three-division world champion. That's incredible to believe. &gt;&gt; that there hasn't been a three-division world champion in Philadelphia? I guess if you think about it, Bernard was only a two-division world champion. Meldrick Taylor didn't win three divisions. So that's a feather in the cap for Danny Garcia? No, Danny, cuz Danny was trying to get that. Remember he was trying to move up to middleweight to do it. Ah, that's right. He came up short. That was a a story for Danny for a while. Um Fulton's trying to do that. O'Shaquie Foster trying to continue to build his name at 130 lbs. The oddsmakers, Sergio, have this as basically a 50/50 coin-flip type of fight. Do you see a clear edge to any one of these two guys? No, it's it's pretty much 50/50 because Fulton is moving up, right? He's coming from 126 to 130. Foster's &gt;&gt; After only a couple of fights at 126. Yeah, so he's he's naturally the the taller, longer, naturally natural 130-pounder. So because of that, it's going to be a 50/50, but if I just break down the skill and pound-for-pound, the style, even the resume, I got to favor Stephen Fulton. One's been against a monster in Naoya Inoue, no shame there. But other than that, Fulton is is is quicker on the draw. He throws better combinations. I think he has better technique, but Foster has the numbers. He's taller, longer. Um But this this fight will come down to, you know, points. I don't think no one gets knocked out. And because of that, it'll be a 50/50 fight. Excellent excellent matchup between two two fighters that are diff- they're different, but the same. Foster's long long power, Fulton's explosive speed power. Uh but Fulton has a better resume, and I always lean on a 50/50 fight who fought the better opponents, and that's Stephen Fulton. Yeah, I I You can go either way on this one. Um I thought that Fulton was done after that Carlos Castro fight. You were I were in Vegas calling that fight, and he beat Castro, but didn't look great in it. Then he moves on to face Figueroa in the rematch, and that first fight between the two was really competitive. And then I I figured this was going to be one with Figueroa, naturally bigger, he would take that one, and he didn't. And Fulton looked great in that fight. I think the partnership with Bozy Ennis has been great for Stephen Fulton. We've seen with Bozy aggression. He wants you coming forward. He wants you throwing punches. Jack Catterall picked up a win his last time out. A lot of what Bozy likes to preach you could see in Jack Catterall in that fight. Andy Cruz, who we're going to see next month, has that Philadelphia aggression. I think that's worked for Stephen Fulton. The only thing that worries me is coming up in weight as much as he is. He's he's gotten hit in some recent fights. Uh some of the numbers from the Figueroa fight, Figueroa landed 106 power punches on Fulton in that fight. Figueroa is a bus saw. He's one way. &gt;&gt; Okay, but like, if you're getting hit by power punches by a 126-pounder like Figueroa, what about the power of Foster? Like that's Foster's game, right? Like I think in a boxing match, Fulton's got it. Like I think I watched We've done some Foster fights. I've watched a bunch of them. He has these lulls out there where he just kind of stops and waits and kind of admires his work, and that gives opponents opportunities to score on him. That's why he's been down in some of these fights that he's won. He was down against Rocky Hernandez when he came one in the 12th. He was neck and neck against Abraham Nova when he came back to win that fight. He was down against Conceicao. That's why he lost that fight the first time around. I think in a boxing match, uh Fulton's got it. Mhm. But if he gets in there and starts trading with Foster, Foster's the heavier-handed guy. Foster's the guy with the knockout power. That's That's my my my thing. If Fulton boxes him, I think he wins 8-4. I do. But if it becomes kind of a like a a brawl, that's where I get worried about fighting O'Shaquie Foster. If Foster was a better body puncher, I would I would probably favor him in this fight and favor his height and his length and his, you know, his experience. He's a really good fighter, hell of fighter, championship-level fighter. Stephen Fulton's just more polished, and I think he he knows how to go down to the body a little bit better. He puts the right combinations together for a certain opponent. Foster actually fights the pretty much exact same way for every opponent. That's why he's lost what, three times before? Uh close losses, but still, you know, people have figured him out, and I think that's going to be the difference here. Fulton is easier at figuring out the opponent in front of him. Foster has already been victim of that, and he doesn't throw enough body shots for a shorter fighter. Yeah, I Fo- Foster also has this long reach. You mentioned the length, 72-in reach. &gt;&gt; yeah, and if he knew how to use that from the outside and the inside, that'd be different. &gt;&gt; roll his way to a win, yeah. Because his lack of Because the lack of of body shots that he throws, he doesn't know how to fight the shorter fighters aggressively on the inside. If he had that extra gear where he can, you know, give up his height and be an excellent inside fighter, then I would favor him, but I haven't seen I haven't seen that, you know, especially against high-end competition like Fulton. &gt;&gt; So you like Fulton by decision? &gt;&gt; I like Fulton decision, yeah. Yeah, I like the same. Comfortable. Yeah, so do I. I think it'd be like 8-4 Fulton in Uh last one, Lamont Roach moving up to 140 lbs. We all know what happened with Lamont over the last few months. Scheduled to fight a rematch against Gervonta Davis. That falls apart. He still has the belt at 130, I don't know why, but he's still the 130-lb champion moving up to 140 to fight Isaac Cruz. Isaac Cruz is only 27 years old. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Like doesn't feel like Isaac Cruz should be like 33. Like he feels like he's been around for a while and been in big fights for a while. Yeah, but he's aging in Pitbull years. &gt;&gt; He's aging in Pitbull years, that's right. Um This is interesting. Like we know how Isaac Cruz is going to fight. We know how Lamont Roach likes to fight. Which style do you favor in this fight? If Lamont Roach wasn't coming off that fight with Tank, who's the same height as Pitbull, I think Tank's 5'5, Pitbull's 5'4, then I would I would actually favor Pitbull in an aggressive, ugly, mauling type fight. That's what he uh specializes in. He takes a big shot, never been stopped, never really seen him being hurt. So I would have I would have favored Pitbull because of the experience, the chin, and the aggression. But because Lamont Roach had that incredible camp, motivated, I think got robbed against Tank Davis. He has a lot to prove, the momentum going his way. He went from one great camp, you know, a little time off. I'm pretty sure he's going to go into this straight camp. And that experience against an aggressive short fighter is going to pay dividends. I think he has a a not an easy time, a very comfortable night with the aggressive style of Pitbull Cruz, and maybe maybe even stops him because when Pitbull fought a couple fights ago, he fought that experienced Mexican kid. Rolly Valenzuela. No, not him. He lost that fight. Uh his name is escaping me, but it'll come to me. He hurt him. You know, he he he was able to hurt Angel Fierro. Angel Fierro, there you go. Fierro caught him in between shots. That's the thing about Pitbull, you know, he he has good technique. He keeps his chin down and he has a hard head, but whenever he's punching really hard that there's little there's little spots where you can actually punch with them. It's dangerous to do and I wouldn't I wouldn't recommend anyone doing it for too long, but he can get hurt doing that because he punches with everything. He doesn't hold anything back. Pitbull is one one one one gear. Everything is hard punching hard everything. I must break you down. If you can punch in between that, then you can then you can hurt him. You use his own aggression to actually hurt him. So, I can see Lamont Roach doing that cuz Roach did that with Tank. Not only did he outbox him, but he outfought Tank and Tank is one of the biggest punchers in boxing. And Pitbull Cruz isn't as big of a puncher as Tank. So, yeah, I could see Roach dominating, maybe even a late round stoppage. Yeah, and Pitbull has power, but four of his last five fights have gone to a decision. The only knockout he has during that stretch was against Rolly Romero, who we know is is a bit chinny. So, is Pitbull's power maybe a bit overrated at 140? &gt;&gt; he's ever had power. I just think he's a mauler. He breaks you down. He's like a you know, Ken Norton type. He's just always going to be in front of you, always going to be hitting something. He breaks you down, but if he hits you with &gt;&gt; a Maidana-esque? I'm sorry? Maidana-esque. Yeah, Marcos Maidana. He's just you know, he's he's a grinder. He's a grinder, a brawler with good technique and a good chin and a big hard head. &gt;&gt; Do you think that that Lamont can stay in the pocket as much as Lamont's a pocket fighter. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. &gt;&gt; Like Rolly Valenzuela, he beat him, he was on the move a lot and he was brilliant. He fought an absolutely outstanding fight that night. Um but he moved a lot. Even Gervonta moved a lot in his fight against um Pitbull. Like that's not Lamont Roach's game. Lamont Roach is incredibly technical guy. He's going to want to stand there and try to, you know, to your point, punch in between the shots with Pitbull. Do you think he has Think that strat that that technique that strategy is the right way to go? &gt;&gt; I remember when Golden Boy signed Lamont Roach. I could see what they were looking at. Well, I could see why they signed him. Uh Lamont Roach is a a pretty much a complete fighter and it's it's it's it's sad to say that he hasn't really peaked and got the biggest paydays because I watched his fights. I called his fights. He doesn't he has pretty much everything. He can take a punch. He he's not a hard puncher, but he has a high knockout He has a pretty good knockout ratio. He has a good great technique, excellent body puncher, puts his combinations together with fluidity, has an amateur experience. He has everything. He's a complete fighter, Lamont Roach. He just never got his due. His due should have been against Tank Davis and he got robbed for it. You know, so that spite, that eagerness to please, that that fact that he has a chip on his shoulder, I think it's going to So, you think Roach by decision or Roach by knockout? &gt;&gt; earlier I said Roach by knockout because it's it's Pitbull only fights in one gear. I never seen him move his head. He always he always shells up. Roach is the type of guy that's going to penetrate that guard. I'll go as far as to say Roach by stoppage. Okay. I like him by decision and I think it's another one that could wind up being fairly wide, too. Like a clean decision. At 140, I mean Roach wasn't powerful at 130. He wasn't powerful at 130. &gt;&gt; wasn't powerful, but I I just made a I just made a case of why you can get power against an aggressive guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no doubt. No doubt. &gt;&gt; because they're helping you with that momentum. They're helping you with that offense. So, you're meeting them halfway. You don't have to be a big puncher, you know, to to actually hurt them. Think of me and Daniel Jacobs. Jacobs was a huge puncher. I put him on his backside because he was that aggressive coming at me. So, I just I could see that happening in this instance. &gt;&gt; about you and Daniel Jacobs all the time. I watch that fight every night. You know, if I would have if I would have actually just thrown caution to the wind. I had him hurt in that first round. That rematch would have been seven figures, man. I wish I would have thrown caution to the wind and ignored my my instinct and my inner innate boxer in me and been like, man, let's just go for the knockout. But the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in me refused.