Kind: captions Language: en Congratulations. First, you said it was going to be easy work and you kept your word by winning with a unanimous decision. We talked a little bit about how you think the fight went tonight. First of all, thank you very much to everyone for coming; everyone who said they came to see, came to see the horse Bronco. I feel very happy, very pleased with Eddie H Luis Cuba Junior. Well, I'm always a man who keeps his word. What I say above and below the ring, I say above and below the ring as well. I told him it was going to be an easy job, and for me it was an easy job. I am the best 160 there will ever be in history. to see Kabayo Bronco, the wild horse here. I'm delighted. I want to say thank you to Eddie Herd Luna Cuba. You know, I'm someone that makes good on their promise and is good to their word both in and out of the ring. I believe that right now I'm the best fighter at 160 that is just such an effective right hand. You couldn't go wrong with this. Why was it such an important weapon for you tonight? I am a sniper. I am a sniper. Where I set my sights, I hit the target. He knew, I knew that right was coming in. Every time I wanted to throw it, I threw it, and every time I threw it, it went in. So that view does n't fail. So I was prepared for that, I knew what I was bringing to the table and I prepared for that. I just couldn't miss with that shot. I landed, you know, prepared. I knew coming into that this fight that I had that weapon on the table and I used it will when I wanted to. He progressed fast in the rounds, as the rounds unfolded, he started strong for the first 30 seconds and then lost some energy. Was that a strategy for you? Let him burn during this first part of the rounds. Of course, of course, because I knew it was only going to be 10 seconds strong, 10 seconds strong and then the whole round was mine. Back then it was an easy job. I know, I explained it to him because I knew he wasn't at my level. I 'm on another level. I am here and he is here. I say this with all due respect, but that's life. that I would take over and win the round. That's why he said that it was going to be easy work for me and it was, you know, with all respect, he's just not on my level, you know, I'm there and he's down there with all respect and that's what happened tonight. As we reached the 11th round, your trainer, Salas, was telling you to box him more. And why didn't you want to listen to him? and in the end you traded with him. There were many words. There was a lot of talk outside the ring. There was a lot of talk outside the ring. The audience that came to see a show, I always listen to my teacher. On that occasion I wanted to give the ring a little bit of sparkle , which is what I like to give it. I already sold it to him. And the public is happy. So yeah, you know, there's been a lot of words outside the ring, you know, and I wanted to put on a show for all the public, all the fans that have come here. You know, I always listen to my trainer. I have a respect for him, but I also wanted to go on and, you know, see Sparks in the ring tonight. And look at him, he's happy now. Ham Shaz fight, most people believed you won that fight. Now here you defend your title in dominant fashion. Do you feel right now at 31 years old, are you at your best? Yes, obviously when you had that fight with Sheras, many people thought you had won that fight. Uh, then you had a dominant performance in the ring. At your age of 31, do you feel that this is the best version of Carlos Adames? That's right, that's right. He has done good preparation with my team, Tomás Dulorme, Ismael Sala, Ángel de C, and Carlos de León. I have done an excellent job preparing. My team gives me excellent support, my manager there in the Dominican Republic, all my people in the Dominican Republic who are watching me and supporting me. Thank you so much, and we're going for more. Hancha Chiraz was a past experience for me. I got him, I destroyed him in his own country, in his own house, I beat him, I showed him that I am the best of the 160. Unfortunately, they did n't see the fight that night, but we move forward and we are ready for anyone. Dominican Republic, the people that have come in and supported me. Um, you talk about the Ham's fight that was in the past I feel like I went to what we could describe as being his home and we beat him in our eyes. I feel like I'm best in whatever. Who do you think will be next? Well, for me there are many names. There are many names. Many think I can't do the 160. I can still do 154, but there are many 168s that are going to pass through my hands and I'm waiting for it and I'm open to any proposal that any 68 has who wants to defend himself and measure himself against the wild horse. I can I can face anyone as well. Congratulations, Carlos. Thank you everybody.