Kind: captions Language: en Well, next up we've got our co-main event of the evening. What should be a very interesting WBC World Super Featherweight title match with Carolyn Ver taking on Deline Person. Well, this tale of the tape has lots of stories in it. Of course, Persona at age 41, she is a veteran in the sport, but still fighting very, very well. She's going to have a height advantage over Carolyn Ver is 37 years of age herself, but that's because she got a late start in boxing because of her long and successful amateur career. Deline Persona, longtime boxing champion, works as a railway uh police person in Belgium and says, "I don't fight for the money, I fight for the glory." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Person's made it clear that pressure is her game plan. She said from round one until round 10, I'm coming and I'm going to bring the pressure. So, this should be a great barn burner. &gt;&gt; And boy, right off the bat, Person throws a long right hand. That's her calling card. &gt;&gt; I also like the way Caroline is carrying the weight. You know, she's moved up. This is uh her first time at 130 lbs. But she says that she's here for the opportunity and she has a couple of different weight classes that she can uh fight in. This one specifically, she's looking really good, carrying the extra pounds tonight. person working on the inside trying to get something done. Some awkward action which we expected to see during the course of this. &gt;&gt; Person pursuing her in that awkward way and that happens so much. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Persona definitely has that experience. I mean, just being in there 20 rounds with Katie Taylor. &gt;&gt; Ver is landing a left hook. She V there landed a very good left hook in the Burgersa fight. Uh her that punch got much better for her and in this fight, it figured to be important and she is landing it against Purcell on several occasions. &gt;&gt; Well, what we see here, uh, you know, Bear is doing a good job of using that stab to the body. I think she's creating the distance and sort of weaving all the wild shots. &gt;&gt; In terms of refereeing, the referee is uh admonishing them both from time to time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the awkwardness from person the way she comes in and attacks and you know when they clinch Oh, nice right hand there by Caroline. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Verlanded a right hand came back. boxing in circles and staying away from the road, staying away from the corners and doing damage like she is right now. Big right hand there by Ver and Ver is holding on a lot with that left arm and she's going to get a warning for it. Well, we'll see. Oh, point to D. Wow. I'm surprised by that. I didn't see a warning over here. &gt;&gt; We're heading into round five. And speaking of scorecards, let's go to Adam Mcramis and let's see what he has. Well, he's got this shut out for Carol and Brown, the last one. And now Bear Rodriguez and Deline persona are in a active debate every two seconds. And you know now there is Del Persona shows her disdain for referee Rodriguez. She's very Listen, she she said at the uh at the fighter meeting that she was concerned about how she would be treated here. She felt bad about the the situation with Taylor and everything and now is degenerated and now Bened Rodriguez is delivering a lecture to her to get in the neutral corner. He thought that she was there. All &gt;&gt; righty. Well, the referee's playing a major factor in this fight. Well, I feel every time Poon gets some kind of momentum going or touches Bear Bear grabs her and holds on and puts her head down. I mean, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; that's what I'm I'm seeing that I Yeah, I call what I see. &gt;&gt; No, that little Oh, big right hand by And when she has punching range with some good shots. &gt;&gt; That was not a good slip. She could actually got hurt off of that the way she uh fell. &gt;&gt; Not called knockdown. Little decal seems a bit wet there. &gt;&gt; We see that was a good solid jab. Good straight shots by uh Carolyn Bear and uh the slip, you know, it was there was uh some water on that corner and that's what caused that nasty slip. &gt;&gt; One thing Person has been unable to do is land the straight right hands from outside and now Rodriguez warning there about Holden. And man, there's been a lot of it. I tell &gt;&gt; you what is surprising is he he hasn't taken another point away from that excessive holding now's problem she can't land the right hand well she went the way &gt;&gt; but I'm telling you she doesn't she's not doing that and takes it back she's just frustrated and in truth in truth there was no reason for that point deduction because their head was to the right and Purcell's trying to trying to land a right hand, but it is what it is. Ben Rodriguez has taken three points away now in an effort to kind of make this fight less messy, but the head doing it. &gt;&gt; And we'll look at Adamovich's hard. Uh he still has Carolyn Ver uh controlling this fight and not really any rounds for Deline Person. And of course, the last round, a 10-8 round, uh, because of the point deduction. &gt;&gt; Bear just keeps she keeps rushing in with her head and she she'll land two or three shots which look good, you know, from different angles, FAST, BUT THEN SHE'S RIGHT IN THERE and on in her chest holding on to her. &gt;&gt; The problem is the left arm of there, you know, has and I'm sure that was a tactic they wanted to use a little BIT IN THIS FIGHT. GOOD exchange of men and maybe there Three points taken away. Two from Deline Persona, one from Carolyn Ver in what has been a bit of a messy affair. Good right hand by Ver. And there on the inside again wrapping her up and a right hand that gets to the hand of Let's see what happens here. Again, a warning point. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; This has been a really muddy fight, gentlemen. all together. Overall, the holding, the clenching, the headbutts, it's been really muddy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's a shame because we have two really uh good fighters in here and it's just they've not they've not matched. The crowd is a bit unhappy. &gt;&gt; This fight will end. &gt;&gt; That's a good one, man. It it it was uh I think I have be there ahead on my scorecard, but it's hard to tell. It was uh such muddy action. I think uh Persona had a couple of rounds late um that could have went her way. Some swing rounds. &gt;&gt; Del Persona delivering a lecture to Carolyn Var. Well, you know, it is what it is. Let's go up to Pete Pino. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, please put a big round of applause together for both of the fighters in the center of the ring. WBC supervisor tonight, Mr. Estabban Ruiza is here to present the belt to your winner. &gt;&gt; Now reading the judges scorecards. Judge D. Young scores the matchup 95 to 91. Judge Delgado scores the matchup 94 to 92. And Judge Santino scores the matchup 98 to 88. for your winner by unanimous decision and new women's super featherweight champion of the world, Caroline Bay.