Kind: captions Language: en All right, Sergio, we made it. It's cold. It's going to take me a few minutes to warm up here on the show because my jaw is still frozen from that walk from the hotel. &gt;&gt; You know, following you is like the blind leading the blind. Man, you're from here. You're from Boston. You should be accustomed to this cold weather. Now, I understand. I really do understand why you're so cold and bitter, rhythmless. You grew up in this freaking weather, man. It's like gh I would hate to live here, man. I would hate it. I'm an LA kid, born and raised. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is terrible. &gt;&gt; I can tell you are because how many times did you nearly fall down in the 24 hours you've been here? &gt;&gt; I'm not accustomed to the the &gt;&gt; You're rolling your A6 in the street. &gt;&gt; Terrible. Terrible. Man, I want to get back to the summer weather, but come on, man. Let's talk some boxing. &gt;&gt; All right, we got a few days here getting ready for Saturday night's uh big event at Madison Square Garden. Ring six headlined by Teaphima Lopez against Shakor Stevenson. Loaded card top to finish. Loaded weekend, too. We've got a major event in Puerto Rico. 154 pound unification fight with Xander Zas and Abbas Piru. That fight happening uh down in Puerto Rico. We're going to start with the main event on Saturday and that is Tea Mal Lopez defending his lineal WBO and Ring Magazine championship against Jakor Stevenson who is currently the reigning uh WBC 135B champion and unquestionably the top guy at 135 lbs. Uh the oddsmakers have made Ta Shakur a pretty sizable favorite going into this fight. surprisingly sizable considering he's moving up in weight and Teaimo uh has been great since he moved up to 140. Beat Josh Taylor a couple of fights earlier. Uh are you surprised? I guess I'll start there. You surprised to see the oddsmakers leaning so heavily in favor of ta of Shakur? &gt;&gt; I am. That's why I just asked you when we came on air. I thought it [clears throat] was going to be maybe more even odds, but uh two to one favoring Shakur. That goes to show you that the the book knows what they're looking at. Shakur is hard to hit. He's one of these southpaws that's in and-out style. He doesn't stay on the inside to fight long enough for Tio to get anything going to body shots or or even laying a glove on Shakur. Shakur is frustrating. He's been doing that since the Olympics. It's hard to lay one punch on him, let alone two. Tofimo needs to to be punching something in order for him to get his swag, to get his athleticism going. Cuz when he starts touching, when he starts going and and really vibing, Tofimo's a beast. Especially against southpaws. His two biggest wins are against southpaws. Shakur is a southpaw, but he's a in-n-out southpaw. He's not a Lmanenko stay in front of your face getting angled southpaw. He's not a grinder like Josh Taylor. This dude's a cheetah, and it's hard to catch cheetahs. And Shakur, I understand why he's a favorite. This this dude's going to be hard to beat. Yeah, I I think people or the oddsmakers at least are probably looking at some recent teao fights and the guys that he has struggled against. Uh Sander Martin, a very defensive-minded fighter, Teapimo struggled against him. Jermaine Ortiz, who fought a very defensive-minded fight, that was a tough fight for Teapimo. If you're an offensive oriented fighter, even a great one like a Lomachenko or like a Josh Taylor, Teapimo tends to have a lot of success with you. He is a natural counter puncher who is really athletic. So, he can get out of range quickly, throw those counter shots. He's very intelligent in the ring, gets more intelligent, it seems, with every fight. But if you're a defensive-minded guy that forces Teayimo to come forward, that's when he gets out of his comfort zone. I think that's how Shakur is going to fight. Like I remember the opening press conference where it seemed like Teaimo senior was trying to go Shakur into fighting more like he did against Williams Aeda. I don't think that's going to happen to you. I think Shakur is going to go back into that mode which made him successful for most of his career which is fighting defensively, keeping out of range, potshotting, going to the body. I think that's uh I think that's how he's going to fight. &gt;&gt; Uh I agree. But the reason I think he fought like that with Zapeda, not because Zapeda throws a thousand punches a fight, not because of it had nothing to do with Zapeda. It had everything to do with I think Turkey Alashik. He's the one that said this was going to be Tom and Jerry. I really think that Shakur wanted to prove everybody wrong. He didn't want to be labeled as a runner. He didn't want to be the, you know, the the the the the mouse getting, you know, run around the house like that the Tom and Jerry games. So I I think he stood against the ropes. He felt the power of Zapeda. It wasn't enough. Uh he has no speed. Zapeda has zero speed even though he does throw 100 punches around. So he was able to catch and counter pretty easily. Guys like that don't intimidate you, you know. So that's the reason I think he was able to, you know, catch and counter those shots. Tofimo is faster, more athletic. I think he's a stronger puncher than Zapa. Even though Zapeda has a more more of an engine and conditioned, Tofimo is so hot and cold though, man. That that's that's the thing I can't rely on him. You know, he can be great one night where he can beat King Kong, then just look terrible the next night, you know, and guys like that you can't rely on. Guys like that that question themselves, you know, like we heard Tofimma one time question, "Do I still got it?" &gt;&gt; You're not supposed to talk like that about yourself, especially when the cameras are on. &gt;&gt; So, it's because he said stuff like that because we've seen him have, you know, such cold, you know, uh um nights where he doesn't look good. You gotta favor Shakur because Shakur even in his off nights he still dominates. He still dominates even on I mean &gt;&gt; ask you this. What's the best way to score on Shakur? Like we saw Zapeda do it but Tafima doesn't fight like Zapeda. What's the best if you were trained to fight Shakur Stevenson? What would you do? &gt;&gt; I would think that [snorts] my trainer would train me to uh try to go Shakur into coming to me. So make it a boring fight. Make it a boring fight where you're where you're jabbing at the chest. you're double jabbing at the at the belly. You're you're not throwing combinations and you get get the boobirds out, get the the crowd at the MSG come out and force Shakur to come on his front foot. And I think if Tio Tophimo does that where he can be on his back foot, we know that's when he's brilliant. So, it's going to take a lot of uh nerve for Tophimo to withstand those early rounds and not get his way, not not really go eager to be offensive. Get Shakur to be offensive. Let him make the mistakes. Let him come after you. And if you can do that and make it into a more of a defensive fight where, you know, it's not going to be eye pleasing, but you can win rounds that way. &gt;&gt; Someone has to win a round, right? So if Tilimo's just, you know, in front of him and they're both both of them are kind of just what's the word when they're fencing, they're both fencing with jabs, let Shakur come forward and get aggressive with that right hand. Let's see who throws the right hand first. And then if Tofimo can be on his back foot boxing during those early rounds where Shakur feels he needs to do something, get him out of his element. Maybe you can uh run him into some mistakes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree with you. I think even though it doesn't make for the most aesthetically pleasing fight, I think Teaphimo's best bet to win is to make Shakur come to him. And that could lead to some very ugly early rounds cuz I don't think Shakur wants to do that. I I think he's more inclined to lean back, wait for Teaima to come forward and counter punch there. And look, it's a it's a battle of natural counter punchers. That That's what it is. &gt;&gt; That's actually perfectly said. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Between this is this is who they are. And I think one of these guys is going to have to be the one that makes the first move to try to score. I also think body punching is going to be big in this fight. Like we know Shakur likes to, you know, out of that southpaw stance, pop upstairs a little bit with the jab, come right down the middle with that straight shot. I think Teafimo, who's going to do it differently, more of a a round the guard type of of body puncher, go to the sides. Um, I think body punch is going to be big for him, too. I think the guy that wins the battle of the body shots in this fight is the guy that's going to have the advantage on the score. jabbing and body shots because you're going to have to break that range of of the cheetah like I like to call them with Shakur going in and out from that from that left-handed stance. So, if you aim at the chest, the jab's going to be key, right? Both of them are going to want to take advantage of the mid-range and the outside range, but once on the inside, you're right, it has to be body shots. Shakur, he's a single body shot puncher. He'll try to get attention with with stabbing you with the right shot. And when he does that, he's more of a dangerous fighter. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Tofino is going to hit you anywhere. He's going to hit you anywhere he can and build points. So, this is a type of fight where if Tio does get to the body and he does let go of some combinations, he could steal rounds that way. This is a type of fight where you're going to have to steal rounds. You know, think about Sugar Leonard, Marvin Haggler. You would hear uh Angelo Dundee, I think it was, he'll say 10 seconds or 30 seconds or stomp on the on the canvas and then Ray would flurry and try to steal around. This is the type of of uh game plan kind of strategy that I think Tio should bring to the table where he has to steal rounds or else, you know, he's going to get out boxed. &gt;&gt; Be a lot of fun for me to score this fight. &gt;&gt; I was going to be a terrible man. Get ready to get um criticized on I want to use a a bolder word, a vulgar word, but you know, you're going to get criticized on your scorecards, man. It's going to be a terrible, terrible fight to score. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um one last thing on this fight, the winner is clearly a top 10 pound-for-pound guy. Shakur is already in the top 10. Tiff's been in the top 10, but I would put him back in if he wins this fight. Shakur said something this week that he believes if he wins, he belongs in the top four pound-for-pound. Right now, my top four in no particular order, Usyk, Inaway, Bam, Beville. Do you think Shakur belongs ahead of one of those guys if he beats Tapimo to become a four division champion and beating the number one guy in that weight class? Tough one. Definitely definitely, you know, top five, but I won't take out Bivville. You know, I think Bevil's great. I won't take out Bam. What he's doing is incredible. No, I think he's going to be right outside that that &gt;&gt; be Bam. I'd have to think long, especially if he wins clean. &gt;&gt; Beat Zapeda, beat &gt;&gt; Zapeda wasn't a champion. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter. Like, we were we were talking about the Virgil Boots fight earlier. Like, that who cares if you're not a champion. Zapeda was the number one guy across four of the sanctioning bodies. &gt;&gt; Bivo fought for undisputed. You gota you got to respect all those belts. You got to respect the history. So I I hear you man. Look punch for punch and stylistically I would put Shakur because I admire Shakur style. I admire what Shakur did in the Olympics. I admire that he's you know going up in weight you know attempting greatness. That's awesome. But when you're when you're fighting for all the belts and history's on the line and you do it for a rematch be better if I'm talking about you got to respect that man. These guys are going you they're [snorts] putting everything on the line and that style matchup was so perfect in both fights. &gt;&gt; In both fights, both of them couldn't figure each other out. It was one guy that was aggressive, grizzly bear on the front foot and better be and you got the other guy that's just brilliant on the back foot with his long jab, beautiful footwork, maintains discipline, chess player. These are two Russian chess masters with gloves. You know, I can't I won't take them out just to put in one guy. &gt;&gt; All right. So, you'd have it five if you want. Yeah. Okay. I would have to I'm gonna think long and hard about those last two. &gt;&gt; That analogy with the Russian. That was pretty good. &gt;&gt; Do you need a pat on the back? &gt;&gt; Boris Baski. &gt;&gt; Great. Okay. Um All right. Co-main event. Pretty good one, too. Keeshan Davis. Uh first fight since that disaster last spring where he was scheduled to fight Edwin Deis Santos. He missed weight by more than four pounds. Had that incident in the locker room with Nir Albbright after his brother's fight. wound up being basically shelved for the second half of the year. He has moved up 240 pounds. He has a new manager. He has a new trainer and he's got a new opponent here on Saturday, Jermaine Ortiz, uh, who we just talked about. Only two losses on Jermaine's resume. Both elite guys, Lomachenko and Teafim Lopez. I think this is a a sneaky really good fight and one that could be like maybe a lot more fun in the ring than the main event. What do you think? &gt;&gt; I think you're right. You you mentioned Nah Albreight. Well, Germaine Ortiz is very similar in in in height, in reach, and in in the way they think, the way they box. &gt;&gt; Nir Albright, I think, what was it that there was that &gt;&gt; he's a Philly guy, &gt;&gt; right? But there was that the So, Keshan fought here Albbright in the ring as well. &gt;&gt; Um, and there was it was overturned. It was like a marijuana thing was in Texas, something. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I don't give I don't I don't care about what happened afterwards, right? It was a tough fight. &gt;&gt; One judge had it even 95 95. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Very competitive fight. So, I give Germaine Ortiz, he's a spoiler, man. Ortiz is a spoiler who's only lost to two big names, like you said. Um, one of these guys that if Germaine Ortiz comes motivated with that experience that he gained, knowing that his style frustrates anybody they put in front of him, this could be a difficult fight for for Keshan. It really can, man. I I this is the type of fight I think Keshan get is going to he's going to have to go into his bag and figure something else out. And and I really like this fight stylistically. It can be it can be one-sided Keshan or it can be another type of fight like Albbright. I was looking at that fight with Albbright. I says, "Man, this is simil so many similarities with Germaine Ortiz. This is going to be a tricky fight, man. Another tricky fight." No knockouts, though. I think most of these most of these fights that we're going to &gt;&gt; We'll get into the rest of the uh get into the rest of the card a little later, but um I agree. You could have a lot of decisions on the show. I think a lot of it's going to depend on how Keshan comes in. How prepared is he? Is he over everything that happened in 2025? Like we kind of know what Jermaine Ortiz is. He's pretty consistent, right? Like he's whether he's at 135 or 140. He's confident in his own skills. I think Keshan has more skills than Jermaine Ortiz. I think he's got a deeper bag than Jermaine Ortiz. But Jermaine is gonna what is he? His nickname is like a technician. Like he's gonna come out and fight technical. He is going to have a disciplined game plan for this fight. If Keshan gets a little bit wild, Jermaine's going to find a way to take advantage of that. Like that Lomachenko fight, people thought Lomachenko was going to blow through him a few years ago. Blow through him. That was a competitive fight. Same thing with Teapimo Lopez. I mean, he's been at 140 lbs since 2023. So, he's now comfortable in this weight class. I This is going to be really competitive. This is going to be a tough fight, I think, for Keshan. &gt;&gt; Yep. Uh if Keshan gets over aggressive, I think it's going to fall into the the hands of Ortiz. Uh, Horti Ortiz, I like him because he's a spoiler like me. I watch Germaine Ortiz. I'm like, I see what he's doing because that's how I beat opponents. I didn't have the biggest power. I didn't have, you know, the natural size, but I figure out a way to to to decipher opponents. Germaine Ortiz is that that type of fighter. &gt;&gt; Jermaine. So, we'll get this right before. Germaine. Jermaine. No, no, we don't call you Steve. &gt;&gt; Jermaine. Okay. He's Dominican. Uh, Tricky Style. He's a KG fighter. Massachusetts is what he is. &gt;&gt; But he's Dominican bloodooded, man. &gt;&gt; Uh, &gt;&gt; shout out Western Mass. &gt;&gt; He He's He's a good fighter, man. I look I watch him fight. I study and I say, "I know what he's doing. I know what this kid's doing." And he frustrates opponents. He gets the better fighter, the stronger fighter, the bigger fighter to make mistakes. Guys like that are hard to beat. I was one of those guys. I was never a power puncher, the big size, but I knew how to frustrate a guy. And I think Ja main Ortiz can do that to Keshan because Keshan, you know, I love him as a fighter, but mentally we know that he's he's kind of like kooky sometimes, you know. Um, so if he's not on his game plan all the way to the end, Ortiz can give him fits. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's could be key. And look, he's working with a new trainer, Randall Johnson, who's been in his camp for a long time, so it's not a new voice, but it's not the most experienced championship level trainer. It's not a championship fight, but it's a big fight. You know, he's got to go out there, look good at 140. I thought it was interesting hearing him talking in some interviews this week where he's not looking to stay at 140 for very long. He said he'd stay for a fight against Nir Albbright, he'd stay potentially, I think he said to you, um just a big big fight at 140. Other than that, he said he's going up to 147. I thought that was interesting. You know, if he, you know, to go straight from 140 to one fight, then up to 147. Well, that's [snorts] going to be tricky because I don't think he has the size to fill out 147. 140 is going to be just fine. And the names at 140 &gt;&gt; are some great names. I saw Rich Hitchens going at it with him at the press conference last month. That's a great fight. &gt;&gt; Hitchens is a great fight. Of course, Dalton Smith is the one that everybody wants. Everyone wants to fight a Brit nowadays because they know they fill out those stadiums across the pond. Dalton Smith is a hell of a fighter. Uh, no one ever mentions Gary Russell, you know, one of the hardest punchers at 140. No one mentions him. He's fighting in uh February on the Ryan Garcia Mario Bars under card. &gt;&gt; Who's he fighting? &gt;&gt; He's fighting as mandatory. &gt;&gt; Who is that? &gt;&gt; Andy Heroka, I want to say &gt;&gt; I never heard of him and no one no and no one no one heard of him title fight. &gt;&gt; He's one of the biggest punchers in boxing. No one wants to step in with him and &gt;&gt; and yeah, he's a softball, too. So, and then you still got Subriel Matias lingering around, you know, coming back again. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, 140 is lit, man. And I think I think if he can stay at 140 before he makes the jump to 147, it'll serve Keshan. &gt;&gt; Do you have any concerns that like he if he's talking about needing to go to 147 now? I wonder how hard it's going to be for him to make 140. I mean, he was basically 140 pounder when he weighed in for that fight against Delos Santos. That fight was called off. Um that some of those comments about how quickly he needs to move up in weight, that made me wonder like was it going to be a tough weight cut for him to get to 140? He seems like he's in great shape. has been in great spirits all week long. We saw him in Vegas um at the Andy Cruz uh Moritayia fight, but um I'm curious like I I again I think that Keshan's skill set is on a higher level than Jermaine Ortiz's, but I think you you're certain what you're going to get from Jermaine Ortiz. He's won two of his last three fights. Two of them been by knockout, beat uh was it Yomar Alamo uh two fights earlier. So he's he's he's like one of those guys that if you're not fighting at an A level, he's gonna find a way to beat you. Um Keshan thinks they have to be at an A level to beat this guy on Saturday. &gt;&gt; If Keshan is the same guy that fought Lemos, he and he can make a statement and blow him out of there like that. I mean, the way he blew out Lemos was shocking. Yeah. You know, especially &gt;&gt; Lemos we saw against Hitchens &gt;&gt; against Hitchens and he gave Hitchens some fits. He rocked and hurt Hitchens. Richardson Hitchens is now a world champion. So Lemos is one of these sneaky guys that if you don't take him serious, he can knock your block off. What Keshan did to him was incredible. So if we get that type of Keshan against Germaine, and if he can blow this guy out of the water, Keshan can go to 140, 147. All eyes are going to be on him. That's a statement he needs to make in order for everyone to to to for him to prove that he's one of these top dogs, just like Raymond Murataya just did. I'm going to have to have a note card on the desk that says Jermaine. Jermaine Ortiz. &gt;&gt; Spell it. Does it have an R? Does it have an R? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, then I'm wrong. &gt;&gt; You are wrong. Jermaine Ortiz. Um, all right. There's a championship fight at the top of this card on Saturday, but there are two other championship fights. One at one uh 126 and one at 160. Let's start with the fight at 160 because I think this is the most intriguing fight uh maybe on the card because because the names you've got fighting for this belt at 160. Carlos Adamus, the WBC 160lb champion. He is about a year removed from that somewhat controversial draw against Hamza Shiraz over in Saudi Arabia. He's fighting Ammo Williams, a guy that at times has shown an enormous amount of talent and at times has looked really vulnerable. The last fight he had against Ivan Vasquez, we called that fight, not good. Not good. Got the stoppage against Vasquez, who was a late replacement, uh, but it wasn't a great performance. Now Ammo is stepping in with a former 154-lb champion, a 160lb champion, an experienced guy, a guy I know you know pretty well in Adamus. Um, but I think Ammo's got a real shot here. I I think this particular style and this particular opponent is probably the best opponent for him at 160. What do you think? &gt;&gt; I think you don't know what you're talking about. I think you never laced up a pair of gloves and got punched in the face. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; I think been punched in the face. I think Adam is uh is one of these fighters. I love watching Adamus fight, you know. Um he this is probably going to be the only knockout on the card. &gt;&gt; Ammo has a puncher chance. He's a tall 6 foot 6'1 southpaw if the only pe person to you know hurt and and beat Adam was a tall southpaw and Patrick Toshira. Uh but he learned a lot from that and in that that was a slugfest. I don't think Adam should be slugging slugging it out like that. He's good on the when he's when he's power boxing on the front foot. Ammo for me, I've never seen him develop. I like Ammo a lot, man. He's a good kid. We love watching him uh fight. He's always going for the knockouts, but he has no defense, man. He doesn't move his upper body. He loads up on every shot. A veteran like Carlos Adams or any veteran will pick a guy apart like that. You need to disguise your power. You need to fight with speed. You need to have footwork. You need to have upper body movement. Ammo Williams and [clears throat] hence his nickname just goes for glory, man. Everything's, you know, guns blazing. You can't do that against veterans. You can't do that against Adam who has a a a heavy resume. I was going down Carlos &gt;&gt; good fighters on that resume. &gt;&gt; Damn good fighters. He's beat quality opponents. Ammo hasn't beat one quality opponent, former champion. So, this is just two totally different fighters on totally different levels. And because of that, that this is probably the only fight I see a knockout. Ammo has a puncher's chance, but the odds are that Carlos Adamus is gonna have his number. &gt;&gt; Do you think that there's anything to the idea that Adamus might be a little shopworn that he's he's only 31 years old, but he's been in some tough fights, you know? I mean, the Terara fight was certainly a tough fight. &gt;&gt; Uh Shiraz went the distance full 12 rounds. Didn't get beat up in that fight. It was the full 12 round fight. Like, he's been around for a while. And look, not that Ammo is a big 160 pounder, but you know, Adamus came up from 154. He's not the biggest of 160s either. I I look if you look at the champions that are out there, but the before the the the Janobbec incident like he had two belts. I thought Janbec was the worst matchup for him. Janbec would have been bad news for Ammo. That would have been like a Hamza type fight. Um Lara would have been okay, but Lara's tricky and he's physical and I thought that would have been not great. I think Adamus is the best fight for Ammo Lambs. We saw it before we came into the studio. were in the uh hotel lobby. Uh Sam Kikovsky was there, the manager for Emma Williams. He was telling me, "This guy's had a great camp, man. Like seven and a half weeks with Kevin Cunningham, who we know is a great trainer, disciplinarian, gets his guys focused and locked in." I just think Ammo is going to put on a fight, man. I think Ammo's going to look and look, I don't know who I'm picking yet for this fight, but I think Ammo is going to bring the very best of him. Whatever that is, we're going to get the very best of Emma Williams. I'm going to ask you when have you seen the best of Ammon Williams? We've called all his fights since he was you know uh what three four five and0 we've called all his fights. When was the best &gt;&gt; I thought his best performance was against Kieran Conway on the Canelo Golovkin undercard in 2022 &gt;&gt; and he still got hit in that fight. &gt;&gt; He did some Kieran Conway is a good B-level middleweight &gt;&gt; like that. And Ammo didn't &gt;&gt; D minus at most. &gt;&gt; Okay. But ammo didn't blow him away like with power. Ammo boxed him in that fight, won a decision in that fight. That showed me a little bit of something. There have been other times when I haven't been impressed. The Hamziro's fight was not good. Um, his last fight against Ivan Vasquez, maybe he just took Vasquez lightly because he was like a friend and kind of a club fighter, but he didn't look good in that fight. So, we've seen a lot of variance from Ammo Williams. I just think based on what I've been hearing from his manager and some others, and I don't know. I think that there's some miles on the tires of Carlos Adamus. I do and I think Ammo as a younger guy, as a fresher guy, I think he has the potential to take advantage of that. &gt;&gt; Hey, listen, man. I I like Ammo. You know, when we interview him, he's articulate. He's sophisticated. You know, he &gt;&gt; always got a dog. &gt;&gt; He always has his dog. He's got a probably new father. Look, man, I'm pulling for him. I like ammo, but I just haven't seen enough. I remember I pulled him aside one time and I asked him, I go, "Man, why don't you work on defense more? Why don't you work your body?" I I pulled Kevin Cunningham aside. I'm like, "Dude, this guy could be so good if he works on defense." And then, you know, Cunningham tells me he's just stubborn. He likes to be offensive, hence his nickname, ammo. Man, they should change that damn nickname because it's getting to his head. He should go into more like ammo gorilla warfare. Williams, he should he should pounce on dudes, man. He shouldn't go guns blazing, you know, punch for punch because he's getting hit in the mix. &gt;&gt; Yes. Most of the time he's a heavier puncher because he has the size, the youth, &gt;&gt; and the kick could take a punch. &gt;&gt; But man, Adamus can give a punch. Adamus has fought the better opponents and he can set up the punches better. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, man. If if if Ammo Williams comes out and he's stiff like he normally is, you know, very erect and he's not ducking his knees and he's not moving his upper body, he might get stopped by Adamus. &gt;&gt; Maybe he also could just blitz Adamus, too. Maybe stop him the way took it to him. &gt;&gt; That ain't happening. &gt;&gt; All right. We'll see what happens there. Um, the other championship fight at 126, the vacant WBC title, uh, Brute Shushu Carrington taking on Carlos Castro. I have absolutely no idea how Castro was in line for this title shot. His last fight was a competitive loss and it was over, I want to say almost 16 months ago at this point. It was September of 2024 against Steven Fulton. But here we are with Shushu getting a shot at the title against Carlos Castro. I like Shushu a lot in this fight. I think he's a real talent. I mean, he's been a career-long fighter at 126 pounds. He's been with Top Rank his entire career. They have matched him flawlessly as they brought him up the ranks. And even though Castro is sneaky good, knocked down Fulton in that fight in 2024, I I just I don't see it in Castro. I I I think Shushu to me, it's just a question of can he stop him in this fight. I think he can outbox him like 93 type of scorecard. Can he stop him is my question. Am I being too disrespectful to Carlos Castro? But it's mostly because I believe that Shushu is the real deal at 126. &gt;&gt; Um, if Shushu I I I can't say Shushu. It's Carrington. &gt;&gt; Why do you call him by his nickname? It's a great nickname. It sounds foofy. A great nickname. Where does it come from? &gt;&gt; You call yourself the Latin snake all the time. &gt;&gt; I get it. But where does Shushu come from? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Ask him. &gt;&gt; Okay. Carrington. If Carrington could stop this dude under six and send a message and knock him out before the other not other champions that Castro lost against, he he's only lost to champions. The dude has championship experience. He could take a punch. So, so if Carrington could actually knock him out under six, &gt;&gt; then he makes a statement. Then it's like, okay, I did something Figaro couldn't it couldn't do. I did something the other champions couldn't do. &gt;&gt; Fton. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Stephen Fulton is another one. So, &gt;&gt; and Fton looked great. This is this is like one This is like the one area of uncertainty, the one pocket of uncertainty that I have. Um, Fulton looked terrible against Castro in his first fight at 126. followed up by blitzing Figueroa in that rematch. And I'm thinking to myself, like, was was Fulton just that bad in the fight against Castro or was Castro maybe better than I give him credit for? It's just like he's been off for so long. He's been off for over a year. Like, and now he's going up against a young, fresh 126 pounder. Uh Carrington's got K. Car in his corner. I think he's an excellent trainer. I don't know. I just think that that Shushu is on a different level than Castro. Well, look, Carrington reminds me of another Brooklyn boy, another Brooklyn boxer, Richardson Hitchens. You know, Hitchens is the type of guy that can stay in control the entire fight with a jab, with his natural ability, with his footwork. Carrington is from that same, you know, cut from that same Brooklyn boxer cloth. &gt;&gt; Brownsville. &gt;&gt; There you go. So, these dudes are, they don't take chances if they're in control of a fight. But if you turn them into a fight, that Brooklyn boy comes out and they can't fight. They got chips on their shoulders. But when you're as gifted as Carrington is, when you're as gifted as Hitchens and so many other fighters from this uh area and that burrow, man, they like to show out. They like to show out. They like to jab. They like to go rounds. They like they like that environment, man. Not everyone's like a, you know, a puncher, you know, from from this neck. Well, look, Bali Malignagi, another Brooklyn guy. Sticks with the jab. He knows how to dominate. These guys know how to box, man. They've they've had long careers. And I think Carrington is cut from that amateur cloth as well. So look, man, I I think if he wants to send a statement, you know, put put a little bit more pressure on a guy like Castro who's a little longer in the tooth. If you can send a statement to the three champions he lost to and stop him under six, that's how you catch everyone's attention. That's how you turn heads here in New York and then send a me message to Hitchens as well. &gt;&gt; Well, we need to have unification fights at 126. I was talking about this even before this Carrington fight came up. It is. Look, all these guys want to crack annoy when he moves up. Win multiple titles like Nick Ball's doing a title defense. Angelo Leo, Rafael Espinosa, these guys are all out there &gt;&gt; or be exciting. &gt;&gt; But even still, like you know, I don't know why none of these guys have enormous fan bases. Nope. So like the if you don't have that enormous fan base to draw someone like Inoway in, you might as well have a couple of belts to go with it. Like &gt;&gt; that or a big mouth. A big mouth can get you something that these are the but my point is these should not be that difficult fights to make. Like Carrington's with Top Rank. Nick Ball is with Queensbury. Top Rank and Queensberry do business all the time. If Carrington wins, make that fight happen. Rafa Linosa, if is he still with Top Rank? I forget, but he has been with Top Rank. U that's a fight that you can make. Angelo Leo out there not making any money for some of these fights. These are not challenging fights to put together. I want to see before the end of this year a unified champion at 126 because I think in a way is staying at 122 for the rest of of this year. He's probably he's going to fight Nakatani and then maybe the big one, Bam Rodriguez. People talking about it now, Sergio, I know you're so down on don't do that, Bam Rodriguez. But I think it's going to happen whether you like it or not. And then in 2027, somebody at 126 should have two or three titles and they could say it in a way. Hey, you want a crack at becoming undisputed at 126? Hey, I've got two belts. I'm the first guy should be in line to fight you. &gt;&gt; Who's going to be that someone? I want the Chris Manx prediction. You think it's going to be Shushu? Do you think it's going to be? &gt;&gt; I think that Wow, man. Esposa Espinosa is so big. He's so big. He's a 6'1, 126. &gt;&gt; Espinosa is tall. He's long. He's very &gt;&gt; crazy powerful with a killer instinct. &gt;&gt; And he's he's a Mexican, man. Mexicans don't grow that tall in that weight division. &gt;&gt; He's going to be hard to beat, man. I think he'll give anybody issues, anybody problem that height, that reach, that fighting style. He's like a Sebastian Fendora, you know. Um he's going to be hard to beat, man. Hard to beat. So, I think Espinosa is the main guy and aside from monster in a way at 122, I think Espinosa is the one to beat. &gt;&gt; All right. I mentioned this was a loaded weekend and it is maybe the most loaded weekend in terms of caliber of fights that we've had in some time. In Puerto Rico on Saturday, we have a title unification fight between Xander Zas and Abbas Baru. What I love about this fight is that both of these guys won their titles in their last fights and now both these guys are going straight into a unification fight. I'm sure they're getting paid for it. I've heard the tickets have been selling really well in Puerto Rico, so it's going to be a great event. But, you know, more often than not, a guy wins a title, he's looking for a nice, easy title defense right off the jump to do something like that. But both these guys going straight at it, trying to become the only unified champion at 154 lbs. We know Zas, right? Like Zas has been on the big stage for some time now, fighting at Madison Square Garden, picked up his world title in his last fight at MSG. A very good boxer. Not someone with a lot of power, but some a good boxer. Buu to me is a bit of a wild card. He's only got one loss on his resume, and that was a split decision, but he picked up that title in his last fight. uh beating Yuennis Tles. That was a fight for Tles to win. Like that was his showcase. That was an MVP show. That was supposed to be for him to defend that uh that by the way the interim title. That wasn't even a real title at the time. That was back when Crawford was the full champion at 154. Now he's in a unification fight. The money, the smart money right now is on Zas to outbox him. You've seen Buu. Do you give him a chance to win this fight? &gt;&gt; No, I'm not a fan of Abas Buu. I I don't even like his name. is he has you know I always talk about Dalton Smith some guys have the name right and you can see it in lights your name &gt;&gt; Digler you can see it in neon lights I'm just saying you know you can see it in lights I'm just you know that's what he said in the movie a boss Baru &gt;&gt; it doesn't roll off the tongue I can't see it in lights I don't like his fighting style he has no defense he's just that glove up defense he's he's he's not he shouldn't be he shouldn't even be in the mix of the names that we're talking about Xander Zas is at the bottom bottom of the list of of of champions of guys that are the goods at that weight division, but he's Puerto Rican, but he's undefeated &gt;&gt; and he's talented. Like, he's good boxer. He's a skilled boxer. I I think his biggest problem is that he doesn't have the kind of power that can keep better guys off you. &gt;&gt; True. And when you're accustomed to seeing Puerto Ricans, you're, you know, they're they're left hook guys. They're breaking down guys. Xander Zayas is more of a boxer than a puncher. But I like him. I've always liked Xander Zayas. I think they moved him up nicely. I think they got him to a world championship. Top rank does incredible jobs uh moving up their fighters. Best matchmakers in the game. So now it's time to cash out. This is a good stay busy fight. Shouldn't be difficult for Xander Zas to outbox this guy. Maybe even stop him late in that fight. &gt;&gt; This guy's got some power late though. He dropped. &gt;&gt; It's not It's not big power, man. It's It's grind you down in the 10th round. &gt;&gt; It's grind you down power. Guys like that. I love fighting guys that always come forward with that defense because they're always going to be in front of you. You can get angles on them because they have their gloves up and you can just disappear and catch angles on them. So, if you got footwork, you can just flank them and beat the hell out of them. If Xander Zas uh practices out out um maneuvering and using his footwork and surprising him from angles, I'm not saying he'll stop him, but he could beat the hell out of this guy and maybe have the the referees step in or maybe bust him and bloody him up, cut him up. Late round stoppage or a decision, but Zas all the way, man. I like this kid. &gt;&gt; You know, you are a big uh you're outspoken, I should say, about the hometown curse. This is a Xander Zas basically a hometown. All right. So, do you factor that into all this that Xander is going to his backyard, kind of a homecoming fight for him in Puerto Rico? How big a factor could that be? I I said he better have his uh his his he better be focused in Puerto Rico because he didn't have his fan base. And if he doesn't focus on on the task at hand, even a guy like Baroo can make him look bad. Even in looking bad, you lose. &gt;&gt; You know, you go to your hometown, it's going to be a a big, you know, Puerto Rican fest, and then you go out there and you struggle with a guy like, you know, uh Buu. Nah, man. Focus. Get the knockout. That's how you keep selling tickets. And then you come back here and fill out, you know, MSG with another big name. Well, that's the thing, too. Like, he's getting a good payday for this fight against Buu. If he wins this fight, he's going to get the best payday of his career times like five because look, the Virgil Boots fight, &gt;&gt; I think it's going to happen. &gt;&gt; I think it's going to happen. Fingers crossed. I think it's going to happen. &gt;&gt; Um, the winner of that fight becomes a natural opponent for Xander Zas. If it's Boots could do the fight in New York City, huge event sometime in June. The Philly fans will hop on the Amtrak, hop on the Greyhound, head up to to New York. The Puerto Rican fans, they're already here. Xander fought in New York a bunch. That is a big room type of fight. &gt;&gt; And look, you're you're setting up everything for the upset and the hometown curse. I know. So that's what I just said about, you know, &gt;&gt; but also and then just to be, you know, take both sides. If it's Virgil, Vegas, Mexico, Puerto Rico, great rivalry, of course. like like I can see that being in the back of his mind and he's might be looking at a boss Baru who again is good one loss by split to Steph we lost to a good opponent I was just looking at the other day um &gt;&gt; I was looking at him this morning he's not good man it's he has no upper body movement he's stiff &gt;&gt; he fights like Christian and Billy right with his hands up and he's very aggressive &gt;&gt; and Billy is just freak freakishly strong and he's in your face and he's non-stop is not as strong as an tries to fight exactly like him. I don't know what it is about that style. You know, I don't know if it's Germans and French trying to pick up that style. They have white shoulders. They hide behind the big forearms. Man, I'll pick guys like that apart. You know, you don't load up on punches. You use speed and use footwork. If Xander Zas can do a little bit of all that, not concentrate on power. These guys relish power. Guys that keep their their ear muff defense, they want you to punch really hard at that guard and then they can catch and counter. M &gt;&gt; but if you just touch those gloves and you use speed and you dig them to the body and you move around the ring, just keep running them into shots, you can embarrass guys like that with that earmuff defense. So if Xander Zas is on the back foot boxing, not loading up, he's going to he's going to give this kid a paint job. &gt;&gt; All right, that fight will be on the top rank fast channel. That is going to be the uh broadcast network for that fight. So I think they're going to do a ring walk well before the tea shakur fight. So uh people get a chance to watch both. You'll also get a chance and I can't believe we're finishing with this. [sighs] The other 154 pound title is on the line over in the UK where your boy Bakram &gt;&gt; Mutazalv I did see this. I was going to get to that. I was going to get to that. Did &gt;&gt; that dude's scary, man. That's one scary Russian. He looks like a like Oh, man. &gt;&gt; He's a perfect boogeyman in a scary movie, you know? He he he has a poker face. He has those dark eyes. He doesn't smile. He he fights like he looks. &gt;&gt; I try I try like he looks Manx and he has the name Mutal. &gt;&gt; I try I try not to look too much into a staredown. But that event that Matt Shroom had where Bakram is just standing there locked eyes on Josh Kelly. And Josh Kelly in that moment reminded me of Peter McNeely against Mike Tyson. Remember when McNeely fought Tyson and Tyson was just staring daggers at him and his eyes were like moving back and forth while McNeely was bouncing back and forth and McNeely had this kind of eating grin on his face that time. That's kind of what Josh Kelly looked like there. Like Josh Kelly looked like a man that suddenly realized what he was in with and what kind of opponent he was in with. Now Kelly is a good fighter. He's been on a winning streak of of late, but he does have a loss on his resume. He had that fight at the garden against remember Ray Robinson. We we called that fight. It was on the the the AJ Ruiz &gt;&gt; undercard. I thought Ray Robinson won that fight. Like I I thought he he beat Josh Kelly. So I I don't know. I don't think that I don't think Josh Kelly is a good enough boxer to outbox Bram and I don't think he has the power to hurt it. Now you and I have talked about this a lot. I don't think that Bram is as terrifying as he looked against Tim Zoo. I thought Tim Zoo was a stationary target and Bakaram just teed off on him. All the fights I've seen from Bakaram before. They've been super competitive. Um, you know, not he hasn't been a killer in in a lot of those fights. So, I don't think he's this this must avoid type of guy, but I just don't think Josh Kelly has it. I don't think Josh Kelly has the the power or the skill set to to to beat Bakram on Saturday. &gt;&gt; No, he doesn't. And Bach Ram is is scary. And any boxer, any champion, any former champion could tell you this dude has great timing on his right hand. And &gt;&gt; but isn't it easy to have timing when the guy's just there? Like Tim Zoo did not move in that fight. He was just standing there. &gt;&gt; Uh easier said than done. This guy's scary, man. He He is a scary fighter. And Josh Kelly, he looks he's a cutie. He's good boxer. Has an Olympic pedigree. I actually like Josh Kelly. If he had any kind of pop, I would pick him against Bakram to do well. But he doesn't have I just I think the world of this Bakra Mur Salahv man he's I think the only thing that he does have going against him is inactivity. He's been inactive a year already and I think Josh Kelly can start off fast with quick feet and speed and and and outbox uh Bram the first half of the fight but then he just keeps chugging along get getting closer and closer with those right hands. He's taller he's longer and he's definitely stronger once he starts touching uh Josh Kelly. Josh Kelly is not going to have enough to keep him off. I see a late round stoppage. I wonder I guess the only variable I would say is that Bakram has not fought since that Tim Zoo fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's been out year. Yeah, over a year. I think that was in the fall of 2024. So, he's been out of the ring all of 2025. It's not like Kelly's been that active either. He had one fight in 2025. So, &gt;&gt; is ring rust going to be a factor with both those guys? But look, &gt;&gt; not with Bram. &gt;&gt; Ring rust affects boxers movers. Guys that rely on timing and speed. Bachram will grind you down. He's not on his toes bouncing around. Josh Kelly is. So no, Bakram is not going to be uh affected by one-year layoff. &gt;&gt; I tell you, it's great that the 154 pounders are active right now. The two championship fights, Boots and Virgil probably coming your way late March, maybe into April. And you start talking about big unification fights uh early next year. That's that's what everybody wants to see. And Sebasta is in that mix. He's coming back March, I think 28th, I want to say, against um against Keith Thurman. That should be a weird fight to watch. Uh, but he's going to be looking for big fights and he's an easy guy to make a deal with as well. Last thing for you, uh, before we go. &gt;&gt; Uh, the Tyson Fury fights official, Arcelon Machmudaf, uh, who another guy that looks pretty scary when he gets into the ring. &gt;&gt; Uh, Machmudaf, you thought this was going to be the right choice for Fury. He made a lot of sense. He just beat Dave Allen u his last time out. He's a big guy. So, if you're preparing to fight an Anthony Joshua, at least you're fighting a guy that's 6'4, 6'5, whatever he he really is, uh, this the right decision going to be on Netflix, too. Another twist in the Tyson Fury fighting saga, but Tyson Fury making his return first time since December of 2024. He's going to take on Makmoud. Think that Makmudof is going to pose any real challenge to Fury? &gt;&gt; No. And, uh, Queensberry or whoever's in charge of Tyson Fury's promotion, they must have heard our podcast because I told you McMudaf will be the perfect opponent. He's big, he's strong, he's, you know, stiff, he's slow, uh, easy to hit. Tyson Fury's gonna embarrass this guy. Every punch he throws, he's going to land. And if he wants to go for the knockout early, he can get it. If he wants to entertain the crowd, like we know the Gypsy King likes doing, he can do that. This is the ideal tailor made matchup for Tyson Fury to look great, get a knockout. Um, and and and not only that, but you know, stick up for his fellow uh Brit that Makmurov just beat in the white rhinos. So, all the stars are aligned right there for for Fury to have a great comeback and that's great matchmaking and awesome promotion. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I don't think like Makmudaf is going to want to bang with him a little and I don't think that's the right strategy against Tyson Fury. Like we saw a tall heavyweight in Ottovallin give Fury some problems. Fury wound up winning that fight by decision. Had a nasty cut on his face when he fought Wallin. But I don't think that Mudov has that type of talent. Like Mmudof is he's a he's a decorated amateur. Was he Olympian? Like he he was a really good amateur fighter. So he's got the skill set, but he just hasn't shown it in the pros. And the losses he's picked up whether it's to Cabel or or I forget who else he had lost to, but he he's he's shown to be vulnerable. I guess the only thing you have to say is like is Fury washed? Like do you think that Fury has nothing left? And maybe that exposed itself in this fight. &gt;&gt; I don't know man. Even if he was washed, even if if he is uh you know past his prime, Fury should box circles around this guy. I don't think any Magmur Magmur is like Frankenstein with boxing gloves, you know. He just had he's stiff and he's scary, but he has no kind of uh quick twitch muscle, no speed. He gets hit a lot, but he keeps coming after you like Frankenstein. So, I think Fury picks him apart. &gt;&gt; All right, you ready to go back into the cold weather? &gt;&gt; Man, I hate this weather. I don't know how you New Yorkers can do this, man. It's I'm a LA kid, man. &gt;&gt; You know what we have to do now? We have to go rent tuxedos. &gt;&gt; We're going to be like Dumb and Dumber wearing renting tuxedos. Let's go, man. All right.