Kind: captions Language: en Congratulations. 10 years have gone by. You've gone 14 rounds now with Franch Cruz Desern and have not lost a single one of them. Did this feel like picking up right where you left off in 2016? &gt;&gt; No. No. I felt like I had to take my time. Franchine hits hard, man. And she's tough. You got to be very tricky with it. Like I said, she was trying to cause the upset today and got me with some shots. But Franch is exactly who you think she is. A heavy hitting diva. And um that's one of the best fights that I've been in in my professional uh career, especially at 10 rounds. It was fun. I had to watch my ass every round. &gt;&gt; The first two rounds of this fight, she came right at you. Seemed to be throwing a lot of punches at you. What kind of adjustments did you need to make in those first couple of rounds? &gt;&gt; Um I had to get I wanted to make sure I could get her timing her jab. Franch may be shorter than me, but she's longer. Always has been like that since our image days. She got a real good stick and when she put it out there, her right hand come right behind it. So, like I said, I had to watch myself and I had to get real tricky with her. I think today I showcased my skills, my offense, my defense, my body shots, and uh almost had her out round seven, but uh she just she just wouldn't go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the body shots were terrific all throughout. Did you feel like that body attack was starting to take something out of her as this fight progressed? &gt;&gt; Yes, I think it was round six, seven, I was like, she getting ready to go and I tried to step on the gas. Uh I think I just wasn't punching enough in round seven, eight, and nine. So, I go back to my camp and get back in the gym and get in better shape than what I am now. And like I said, I can beat this girl unanimously. All of them. I'm trying to get the knockouts and I tried hard tonight. I want to thank all 18,000 fans that came tonight. I love y'all. I cannot believe what I saw when I came out here. I want to thank my team, Coach John, uh, Coach Key, um, win records, leading promotions. I want to thank God and just everybody who just uh uplifted me in this camp and gave me a good word. This was a tough camp uh emotionally uh spiritually dealing with family and dealing with haters, but God always went at the end and I'm happy that I'm here. &gt;&gt; You saw kind of a nasty scene between you two guys on Saturday. The teams got into a bit of a fight there. You even barked at her corner, I think, after the sixth round. Did that change your approach coming into this fight? What happened over the weekend? &gt;&gt; Absolutely not. what happened over the weekend with the LeBron or whatever. That was something that that was out of me and French control. We as fighters and we can't control other people. I think that she held herself uh right after I pushed her. I think I held myself right. I think that uh just the teams got a little heated and that's what happened. But I'm happy that nobody got hurt. And uh if I could go back in time, I wouldn't even push her because I didn't want that to happen. And I got real love for French eye. Like it's a lot of girls who I caught my sister in this world and she was right there with me when I was getting ready to have a panic attack getting ready to fight against Marcella. She came back there. She saw I wasn't right. She hugged me and told me to remember who I am. And so I always carry her in my heart. So I ain't got no hate for Franch or for nobody on her team. &gt;&gt; It's one thing to win a fight. It's one thing to defend your titles. But as you mentioned, this is the fourth time you fought here at LCA. And every single time the crowds get bigger and the crowds get louder. What does it mean to you to have this kind of support in your home state? &gt;&gt; Listen, I never in my life at the age of 11 years old boxing out of Burley Fieldhouse thought that I would be here today. I never thought that women's boxing would make it this far to see this. I'm just so grateful to God that everybody can accept me as being a pretty tough and strong woman who really just love boxing. I'm probably going to box till I'm 50 if my body let me. I love boxing. I love competing. I love the competitive energy. I just really love boxing. I'm happy that now it was a time when, you know, boxing didn't love women. Now they love us and I love that. &gt;&gt; You've cleaned out the heavyweight division, cleaned out multiple weight classes, but two of the top three women in the world are right here in this building tonight with you and Michaela Mayor. Are we getting close to seeing you two former Olympic teammates share the ring? &gt;&gt; I believe so. Um, I would love to share the ring with Shadesha. Um, I met Heavyweight at 175. All these girls know that I'm way smaller than them and I've been smaller than them our entire lives. Um, but Shadesha is at 168. I would go down to 168 and fight against her. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; Franch still got belts at 168. So, you might see a Clarissa Shields versus Fran Cruz 3. And um yeah, I would love to make my way back down to 162, 163 for a big fight with Michaela Mayor. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Congratulations, Clarissa. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Love y'all. Thanks the zone. Thank Zeus. Thank all y'all for being here. Thank y'all. &gt;&gt; Give you the last word, Demetri. Last time you were in the ring, Clarissa was a free agent. You're back here again, selling out this building. Put a lot of butts in the seats. What did you think of what you saw on tonight? &gt;&gt; Incredible night of boxing. And it's great that Clarissa pulled in Papusen here cuz he's been the bridge Pap has been the bridge between uh getting Pap uh Pap has been the bridge of getting us together with Win Records and Celita Promotions re reconciling kind of and figuring out a way to make it work with Ruben Branson, our new partners. What a great night of boxing, culture, hiphop, world class championship coming all together to make this incredible. What's the next big one for Clarissa? &gt;&gt; Well, Clarissa has shown throughout her career that she's willing to go up and down to it to make the biggest and the best fight. &gt;&gt; Where's Shadesha? Is she here? &gt;&gt; Uhoh. Shadesha Michaela. &gt;&gt; Shadesha here. &gt;&gt; She get I haven't seen her. &gt;&gt; If you here, get in the ring. &gt;&gt; I haven't seen her here. So the champ has spoken, but