Kind: captions Language: en All right, last thing and I'd like to point out to our audience that this is a topic that you insisted on, Sergio Mor. I did. &gt;&gt; You demanded that we have this topic. Um, &gt;&gt; it is in the news again that Clarissa Shields believes she can beat a male fighter. And the male fighter that Clarissa Shields is talking about is one Rolando Rolley Romero. Now, this has been talked about a lot over the last couple of years. Clarissa has long believed that she could compete with a certain number of men, a certain type of man in a boxing ring. And she has been on record saying that if she gets in the ring with Roelly, she is beating him. Sergio, you have a a take on this that you're eager to get off your chest. I will seed the floor to you. Look, I want to talk to Clarissa Shields. The quote, I want to tell you straight out because no one in women's boxing dares tell Clarissa Shields the truth. You are an incredible boxer in the women's division. What you accomplished is incredible. I mean, it probably won't be broken. Two gold medals, undisputed from junior, middleweight, all the way to heavyweight. Incredible accolades. It'll probably never be uh uh exceeded, but you can't beat a man. There's limits to boxing. That's the reason every sport in the world separates women from men. It takes me back to where Serena Williams, the greatest tennis player, was on a talk show with David Letterman. Letterman asked her, "Could you compete with a man?" No way. She had the humility to say, "No, they're bigger. They're stronger. They're faster." They did a a match and it wasn't even a best of against the best. Serena Williams fought a 200th ranked tennis player and got beat. Both William sisters got beat by the 200th contender in tennis, but it was a man. Same thing will happen here if Clarissa Shields decides to ever fight a man. She can fight the 200th ranked boxer in her division and will lose because there's separation in strength, in size, in resistance, and being able to take a punch and rehydrating that. It's two separate fields. So, you can't move the field goal because you're the greatest at what you do as a woman. You have XX chromosomes. You can't come to this side with X Y. XY is stronger than you. They're they're stronger. They're bigger. They're faster. You might be more polished. You might have more accolades. You might have the the the the aura of this unstoppable, immovable object as a woman, but not as a man. You will get beat by Roly Romero and you will get hospitalized by a guy like Gennady Golovkin which you called out one time. I can come out of retirement right now at 40 in my mid-4s and beat a Clarissa Shields. It's you cannot do that. Chris Maddox, you cannot disrespect women's greatness and men's greatness or not even greatness, just average because Roly Romero is average. Well, let me drill down that for a minute there because I fundamentally agree with you that Clarissa cannot beat Roelly. I mean, Roelly for all his wackiness can punch. Like, and even though he is several weight classes lighter than Clarissa Shields, you get hit by Roelly, it's different. It's a lot different than getting hit by Lonnie Daniels and Franch Cruz Desern and all the women that she has fought over the last couple of years. Even if just body shots that someone like Roelly is throwing, it would be it would end badly for Clarissa. But you said something to the effect of any man who's a boxer would be Clarissa. Like you go down the list like some of those guys that we've seen, Sergio, &gt;&gt; at 175. Yes. At 175. I say it again, the 200th ranked boxer at 175, &gt;&gt; okay, &gt;&gt; will be Clarissa Shields because there's a size difference. There's a there's strength. There's resistance. Clarissa could hit a 175 pound fighter dead in the chin that he's going to laugh. He's going to smile and be like, "That's it." But the same can't be in return. It's just it's two different It's two different sports. Women's boxing and men's boxing. She's great on that side. Leave greatness on this side. It can't happen. Roly Romero and Clarissa Shields was on record. You know, she was on shows and I think she was on uh on Oinko and Shannon Sharp's show. I was watching that entire interview. You could tell they're just looking at her waiting for her to stop talking and it's kind of like you cannot beat a man. Shannon Sharp even, you know, brought up his accolades as a Hall of Famer and and Shannon knows his boxing. Shout out to Shannon Sharp. He knows his boxing. They were both looking at Clarissa Shields in all her bluster and be like, "Man, you are so overconfident and you don't know what you're talking about because it this is a different level of pain coming into, you know, a a men's side of boxing." It's just it goes to show you how how great in her own mind Clarissa thinks she is. I &gt;&gt; I would just add this. Maybe that's the point. being great in her own mind, being a great marketer. I don't think there is a better marketer in women's boxing than Clarissa Shields is right now because you go to her shows and I was at her last one and it doesn't matter who Clarissa Shields is fighting. That building is going to come close to selling out. It doesn't matter who the opponent is. The ratings are going to be pretty damn good. Clarissa Shields does really good numbers. Whether she's fighting on other networks, on Don, she does really solid numbers. That is an accomplishment in its own right. The fact that she's able to build herself into the kind of brand where she could fight X, Y, Z, it wouldn't matter. She's still going to put up numbers. So maybe this is all &gt;&gt; part of it. Like maybe Clarissa I mean I'm sure Clarissa believes because Clarissa's been saying she's a quote since she won the second gold medal. Like I was there in Rio when she won the gold medal. I did the interview where she said, "I'm the greatest woman of all time." I was right there um in that gym. Uh so she's always had this very high perception of who she is as a boxer. So I'm sure deep down she probably believes she can beat Roller Romero. But I think part of this is, hey, people are talking about me. Shannon Sharp and Oo Seno are talking about me. Sergio and Manx are talking about me. I DON'T EVEN HAVE A FIGHT AND THEY'RE talking about me right now. I if nothing else, this is good for the brand that is Clarissa Shields. That's all I' all I'd be sure about that. &gt;&gt; You know what's not good for the brand of Clarissa Shields? That video that's making its rounds on social media by her getting dropped by a smaller fighter that was like six in one. &gt;&gt; A guy that really beat too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. A smaller 140 pounder that's 6 and one as a professional that doesn't belong in the ring with the accolades and the greatness of a woman fighter. But here's the thing. She claims that his gloves were tempered, right? And that this nonsense. It was ridiculous, right? I was just listening to her. But the fact that the gloves didn't drop you, it's the bad technique of Clarissa Shields. When she punched, she hooked with a hooker and dropped the right hand. She always overloads on punches and she got hit by a man, a smaller man, and got dropped with big gloves. Can you imagine if that same punch would have landed with eight or 10 ounce gloves by that same smaller man? She would have been out as it is. She was on the on the ground for a few seconds on her straight on her back with with headgear and oversized gloves. Stop with the nonsense. You can't beat a man. So, stop trying to stop trying to emulate, act, and talk like a great man and just be the greatest woman of all time like you uh say you are because I think you're great. And in the women's side of things, you are unbelievably great. I smell a Mora Shields match up at 175. &gt;&gt; Hey, listen. I've been I've been retired seven years, eight years. I think I weigh about 175ish right now. &gt;&gt; Come on, Shields.