Kind: captions Language: en Take a look at the tail of the tape for this undisputed heavyweight title showdown between Clarissa Shields and Franch Cruz Dern. You see the measurables and you see why physically this is an interesting contest. Cruz Dern with a 4in reach advantage. A little shorter than Claressa Shields, but Cruz Dern very comfortable in this weight territory as well. Can Cruz Dern at 38 years of age score a monumental upset 10 years after their pro debuts together? &gt;&gt; You're ready to receive my my obey my commands. Protect yourself all time. Let's have a clean fight here, ladies. Good luck. Thank the &gt;&gt; undisputed heavyweight champion versus the unified super middleweight champion. It doesn't get much bigger than this. And this looks an awful lot like the first fight. They are going at it immediately. I didn't even HAVE TIME TO TELL PEOPLE THAT MICHAELA MAYOR HAS JOINED US IN THE COMMENTARY BOOTH. &gt;&gt; These women are going for it. Big overhand rights by both at the same time. &gt;&gt; I like that Franchon came right out to the center of the ring, pushed Gors up against the ropes. Can she do that for all 10 rounds? Oh, unloading right hands in both directions. Right now, &gt;&gt; the issue in exchanges is the hand speed. Patricia Shield has a much quicker hands. Big left hook by Shield and a right hand behind it and what has been a firefight of an opening round. &gt;&gt; Big four punch combination from Carissa. And a good left hook to the body as well. Chris Manx, you alluded to this in the opening round, but when Caressa can kind of reduce a fight to a series of timing races like this, she is very difficult TO GET THE BEST OF AS SHE BACKS THROUGH DESERT. OH, good overhand chopping right from Van Cruz and it came off. &gt;&gt; She was just getting that right hand free to land a chopping right hand there on the inside or the hard body shot in that sequence as well. &gt;&gt; Good counter from French on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, gives ground and then lands a good counter as a result. Yeah, when she lunges him with the overhand shot, Persa sees it coming and they get it tangled up. These exchanges Shields has shown some real heavyweight power two fights earlier. She knocked down Daniel Perkins in the last round of that fight. So, she got some pop with these heavier weights. Rose deserve might have felt some of those shots, those machine gun combinations. Yeah, it seemed like in the first two rounds she kind of unloaded her arsenal and now a little bit less of the output whereas Caressa that output's still there. Three, four punch combination there from Shields. Back comes Dern with a short little right hand as well. And if you notice, Franches on that right knee area looks like she got some Canio tape wrapping it. Maybe she took a bit of a fall at the weigh-in on Saturday. Maybe some minor injury there that she's dealing with going into this fight. &gt;&gt; She would have a lot more success. She let her combinations go to the head and then started to roll and dig to the body. But instead, she's there for counter. And it's hard to get away with it when French throws three punches and Shields comes back with eight or nine. And a good jab. I I expect her to come out this round towards the shield and start loading up about that right hand because I know she's getting conf staying behind the jab. &gt;&gt; That was &gt;&gt; another great jab. &gt;&gt; Saw the coffee box totals a moment ago. Another big right hand there from Shields. Shields at that point. &gt;&gt; Outlanding cruise deser 112 to 62. And those numbers are climbing right now as SHIELDS IS PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER HERE IN THE SIX. But &gt;&gt; one thing I I really really would like what I think would help her nullify Clarissa Shields attacks is turning. You don't want to stand right in front of someone like Clarissa Shields because she'll she'll unleash she'll unleash again for eight or nine 10 punches. So sitting down the punches, you can see the influence of a John David Jackson on the rest. John David Jackson preaches power. You have a fighter like Sergey Kov. It's taken some time, but the rest is really developing some real confidence shots. It's worth it to switch to a lefty stance to throw that overhand left. &gt;&gt; Great shoulder movement, upper body rhythm shown by Shields. Consistently slipping and ripping and firing off these shots. Getting back to that jab. When she's on that jab, &gt;&gt; she's really difficult to deal with. &gt;&gt; Well, and Chris, we're seeing a pattern here, too. Even as Cruz Desern is trying to apply pressure coming behind her jab, Shields is able to throw second and third so she can counter and then come right back and back Cruz Desert up. &gt;&gt; It's her base. She's She doesn't break position when she's being defensive in front of you. &gt;&gt; 10 seconds in the round. This body work from Shields continues. &gt;&gt; Shields slipping and ripping offense and defense together. She's had a good opening minute in this last round has been able to back shields against the rope, use her upper body to physically pin her down and let body shots rip on both sides. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she started to fight off like this in the first round. Um I think that that's probably what she should have kept up throughout the mid rounds, but then again, because she leans in, because she put her weight forward, she really can't get the leverage on the shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not generating a lot of power there on the inside like that. A BIG RIGHT HAND OVER THE TOP from Shields just clubbing away on Cruz Desern. Ranch's as tough as they come. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know Clarissa Shield is going to look for that big right hand. I know she wanted to finish this night with a knockout, but Sus is definitely one of the toughest girls. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of action, we go to the scorecards. The judges are in agreement with a unanimous decision. All three judges scored about the same 100- 90. All three in favor of the winner. And still the undefeated, undisputed heavyweight champion of the world, the greatest WOMAN OF ALL TIME, Clover Shield. &gt;&gt; I should get going. &gt;&gt; Not without dessert. Door Dash is on the way. &gt;&gt; Game's about to start. &gt;&gt; Save for the game. &gt;&gt; I'm falling asleep. Coffee it is. &gt;&gt; Snacks. &gt;&gt; I'm never leaving, am I?