Kind: captions Language: en Two, he's got three wins in a row has Connor Walker. Last out against Liam Taylor, he was really good. Has he come up against someone who's just world class here in McCormack? But he was smiling coming off that corner again. He knows he's going to empty the tank. Tony Bellew has 107 to 103 in favor of Pat McCormack, but I don't know if I scored that last round to to McCormack. I've got it three to McCormack. So he needs to find something here. I said it in that Harris Scarfe fight, he's got to throw the kitchen sink at McCormack now and try and find that one shot, that one shot that can change his life once again. McCormack certainly has had the crisper, cleaner, more eye-catching boxing throughout these 12 rounds. Really nice work. Connor Walker's put in a mighty shift in. I mean, the judges might favor McCormack quite wide, or we could have a split. You just don't know. Some of these rounds have been so close. So close. There's a lot of clean shots that seem to be coming from McCormack halfway through the fight, but it's the tenacity, it's the effort, it's the work rate, it's the constant pressure from Connor Walker. If you're favoring that style, you're favoring Connor Walker. But I don't know if what you two think, but I still like &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; It's been the aggressor in some of the fights that we've seen in shows in the past seem to be favored by the judges, that aggression. Body language a lot of the time as well, Darren, and for for most parts, Connor's looked very, very strong. He's looked very, very athletic. He's coming forward following shots. Good body shot. Back comes Connor Walker. Oh, he's got a shot out. This is a great finish from Connor Walker, and he might believe he's done enough here. I think both of them will be celebrating should it go the distance. I'll tell you what, we'll be celebrating a great 12-rounder. Did he spit that out at Allah Diego Corrales before he stopped those other than his Castillo? I'll tell you what, he's getting tired, and it's not surprising. Another coming around to Walker. I mean, he just He doesn't know how to go backwards, and it's a big effort here. The man from Rotherham has trapped McCormack. Finish him off, Connor. And there's a minute 10 to go, and McCormack &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; could be in trouble. He's out through the ropes, and Connor Walker could have done it again. I'm not sure he's going to make the count. He's desperately trying, but he's going to be knocked out here, Pat McCormack. Connor Walker has done it. Extraordinary in Monaco. The Wolf &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; had Pat McCormack in front of him, outboxing him at times, but he would not be denied, and with just a minute to go on the clock, Connor Walker does it again. Wow. And I told you I might say it. I told you I might say it. Connor Walker's the best fighter I've ever seen. I told him if he beats Pat McCormack today, I was going to give it to him live on air. What a performance. What a finish. I would be interested to see where the scorecards were, but by the end he started catching him. He was hurting him, and Pat couldn't stay away from him in that last round. Pat McCormack