Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. Welcome to the best city in the world. I think so. Anyway, my home city, London. We're here for the big press conference. Derek Chazoro versus Deontay Wild. A fight number 50 for both. Could be the final fight for Derek Joro. 50 + 50. Good maths is 100. The 100th fight. And it's in this magnificent venue where we get this press conference started. Look at this. Look at the attendance for this as well. But once it pans down, you see what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; This is a definitely a must win for me. Not only a win, but uh I need a devastating win. I need a knockout. That's what we come to see. You know, you got two beautiful heavyweights up here that uh you don't know what to expect from them. You know, we have a question mark on our back cuz we're unpredictable as fighter, but his style match mines and mine match match him. He come with everything. He throws everything in the kitchen sink. You can add the toaster, the blender, and everything else. He's going to bring He hit you in places that you don't want to be hitting. He don't care. He wants to win. He's going to do whatever it takes to win. And that's what I want. That's what I need. I told Derek after we done talked on the phone and facetimed each other. I said, "Bro, this is going to be the last time after this press conference, after the final press conference, we will be in the ring. And after that, it's a fight. I don't want no one to to get this misconcred. I don't want anyone to mis get this mistaken here as our friendship. You understand? But I want you to know when that night of the fight come that will switch off. You will see two enemies in the ring that is going to try to whoop each other. I told Derek, I want you to try to kill me because I need that. I need that. And that's what he's going to do. So, I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, listen. I don't want to sell this fight with violence because there's too much violence in the world right now. So, we want to sell it on a point of like there's so much love between me and his brother here. First fight ever I went to watch in New York was him and Spooka, you know, and I went to watch him with with with TF with Tiny with um Tyson. But you know what? I always wanted to fight him and people always ask me why why you want to do that for I just want to fight him and but coming back on the sell selling point the way we're doing it right now is going great cuz I think we're doing good numbers and one of my favorite thing for this whole weekend uh introduced him to fish and chips bar market so I'm buzzing about that I enjoy that so &gt;&gt; this is this is real Derek this isn't sort of playing games here the fish and chips &gt;&gt; no no no listen It's real cuz he's my boy. &gt;&gt; You understand? After after this fight, I might go and stay in Alabama at least for for like a weekend a week with my my family and just hang out there. Oh, &gt;&gt; this is the last fight. Win or lose. He says he's going to knock you out. What happens when you lock horns together finally with Deontay? &gt;&gt; Listen, um I think everybody knows what I say. Listen, right now we just happy to be in the same room and just hanging out with each other. Uh but I I believe April when he arrives in April, I think he arrives one day and he comes back and the first press conference, it's done. You know, friendship is out the window. We actually put the friendship in the bag for for the time being and then we are at it. And then after uh if 12 rounds or five rounds or six rounds and we hug and shake, we're back as brothers. &gt;&gt; Before I get to everyone else on the table, you've got legend on the back of your t-shirt. Do you believe you're the star of this show or he is? &gt;&gt; We are both because I don't think if he was here, I would not get all this crowd here. And I and I believe the United Kingdom love Dante Waldo. Um and um everywhere he goes, he's a star. So, you know, so he's there. He's got better knockups than me. You know, he's been losing fights and then suddenly out of nowhere, the guy is on the floor. Don't know what happened. So, I think he's the bigger star than me. &gt;&gt; Do you echo that, Deontay? How do you feel about that? It's Chisora Wilder here. It's Wilder Chisora in the States. Is it just the two of you meshed together for a fabulous night? &gt;&gt; Uh, most definitely. You know, like I said, we need each other. And, you know, I don't think one is is bigger than the other in, you know, here in this moment. You know, we both we both come together and bring what what it what we see now, you know, and then when the time of the fight, you see all the fans in the arena and the millions that's going to be watching, you know, you'll know that we both did it together. &gt;&gt; I honestly believe the toughest fight that You ever had was with Chesora. I remember when it was I think it was the second fight of Jesus as he um sorry of USK as heavyweight and I said God I don't think this guy is going to be that great and he has been USK but it also showed how great Shor is. Thank you. &gt;&gt; And we take nothing away from him. And if my guy were to lose, it's because that guy was better cuz we're coming to win. He's coming to win by knockout. And if it doesn't, it's only because Jor is as good as people say. &gt;&gt; Heavyweight division's on fire. Lots of big fights make being made. The winner of this, I don't think he'll retire if he wins. mate. Please, please, please, please. &gt;&gt; But whatever, but whatever happens, the winner will go on and the losers's got a real problem because of I'm not being disrespectful and I can say it because I'm older than both of them because of their age and that's where we are. Everything will be on the line Easter weekend on their line and one of them, as I was talking about earlier, one of them will have their chips. It will be all over. That will be it. And this is what's going to make it so exciting. It's on the zone home of boxing. They're our partners. We work with them. All the greatest fights, all the best fights are on there. This is going to be something special. These guys have worked very hard. We've all worked very hard to put this together. It's there. It's going to be a great night for the fans. And do not blink. This is one of those fights. Don't blink. Don't blink because you're going to miss something. It's going to be something special whilst it lasts. &gt;&gt; So, uh, get the message out as fast as you can. Tell them Estra, Astra, read all about it because it's going to be a war come April the 4th. And I truly mean that. &gt;&gt; Don't mistake this friendship. &gt;&gt; Please, &gt;&gt; thou shall not pass. &gt;&gt; I won't passing. The only gate the gatekeeper can have is the gates through heaven. And I don't think he's the gatekeeper of heaven. &gt;&gt; I am. That's it. &gt;&gt; I am the gatekeeper. &gt;&gt; You want to fight Alexander Usyk? I am the gatekeeper. &gt;&gt; Well, if you are the gatekeeper, you better pack a lunch. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; And I mean that lunch. Better have a smoothie of a lunch because you're not going to be able to eat. It's going to be sick. &gt;&gt; Thou shalt not pass. You can't enter. &gt;&gt; Wow. It's going to be amazing. &gt;&gt; Finally. Is it victory by knockout, Derek? What means victory by knockout? Stopage. &gt;&gt; Deonte for you. &gt;&gt; Victory by knockout. &gt;&gt; Early or late? Doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; You had to beat out other city red light. &gt;&gt; Here we go. Face off draped in the flags of Great Britain and the United States of America as well. Deontay Wilder. We know the bronze mama. 6'6, 6'7. Derek Tzora is no small man either. 6'2, 63. I almost feel like you're right. They're saving the energy for fight week. And come fight week again, this press conference will have a few, I think, security guards a bit closer than where they are now because anything could happen between these two.