Kind: captions Language: en All right, Sergio, you good? &gt;&gt; Excellent. I'm feeling great. Full of life and libido. &gt;&gt; Why is that? &gt;&gt; My testosterone's through the roof, Chris Manx. I got my physical. I got an 881 and it's all natural, baby. Natural. Just working hard, lifting weights, eating the right things. Feel great. Can I just tell our audience that I don't think outside of the birth of his children, I don't think Sergio is has been prouder of anything else than his testosterone being at the level that he is. I got into the car moments after getting into the car to head to the studio. He's talking about his testosterone level. &gt;&gt; I am because I know a lot of people and especially a lot of people with some kind of uh money and the older you get, the more they invest in these treatments and therapy and TRT and replacement. I don't do none of that. All natural, baby. So when I go and I get my yearly annual physical, I I'm I'm through the roof when the doctor &gt;&gt; Why are you getting it checked? Why do you need You are a married man with kids. Why do you need your testosterone? &gt;&gt; Because when you hit your mid-40s, you got to get the colonoscopy. &gt;&gt; You got that taken care of. &gt;&gt; You don't have to bring that. And you have to do all the other old man stuff. And the testosterone's next. So when I seen it have the testosterone of a 21-year-old, I was elated. &gt;&gt; Oh man. You also got into a beef with Edgar Banga this week. What was that all about? &gt;&gt; Maybe he needs to tone down his testosterone. I think Berlinga, you know, he has a lot of these uh repressed trauma that he's bringing my way. He gets, you know, beat pillar to post against Canelo in a fight he didn't belong or deserve. And then he gets knocked out by a contender in Hamza Shiraz. And who does he come after? An old full of testosterone mid-40s man in the Latin snake. Come on now. &gt;&gt; You had to know that was coming though. Like when you went at him this past week on the show, you had to know that Burlanga was going to respond to it because Edgar Beranga is terminally online. Like his Instagram feed, like he's one of those guys that has like, you know, the people that had like 400 different stories. It's not just like one or two. Like he's got the little tiny bars at the top because he's got like a million different stories. That's who Edgar Bang is. So the second you made that critique of him, which wasn't some outrageous critique, I think you just said he's never going to be a world champion. Um, you knew he was gonna come back at you. &gt;&gt; I said that about uh a few boxers. Every boxer I hit their ego because boxers have, you know, &gt;&gt; you have the right to do that. You are a former world champion. &gt;&gt; But against Burlanga, and I was about to say that, but against a Burlinga, a guy that's getting paid championship money, but it's not going to the champions. He's not going to the the guys that have the actual belts. He's going after a former champion, a faded champion, someone like me. But I did that. I got that green belt. He hasn't. So he he has no room to be, you know, calling me out like that. &gt;&gt; You were sure that Ryan Garcia was never going to win a world championship and he did. &gt;&gt; Do you think there's a possibility Edgar Burlanga wins a title &gt;&gt; unless he gets maneuvered strategically &gt;&gt; and uh like Ryan Garcia? No, he's not going to win a world championship. Banga doesn't have that championship gene. &gt;&gt; I think Burlanga's and I like Edgar. I think we both kind of like Edgar. He's a he's kind of a maybe not you, not now. Um, &gt;&gt; no, I have nothing against him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a fun guy. He's a popular guy and he certainly got some pop in both those hands. I I need to see him take the game more seriously. Um, I I don't care about the music side of it. I don't care about the money side of it. I don't care about the celebrity side of it. Like, you need to get into the lab because the reality is that he has fought two high-profile fights. One against Canelo Alvarez. He went the distance and was virtually blanked. I mean, lost that fight lopsidedly. Uh and then Hamza Shiraz, we've talked a lot of junk going into got beat pillar to post and eventually knocked out. Like these are facts. Like these are the guys that he has faced, the guys that are on the top level, the championship level. And not only is he lost, he's not been competitive in one of those fights. Like if you're Edgar Belanga, you've got to you've got to see that for what it is and you got to lock in because granted you're with Zufa now and maybe that means you don't have to fight for world championships. Maybe you can fight someone on the Zufa side for the Zufa belt and call yourself a world champion. But I I I think I'll put it this way. I think Edgar Bolanga has the talent to become a world champion. I saw that with the 16 consecutive first round knockouts where he was knocking out some guys that even Top Rank was surprised he was knocking out early on his career. But as his celebrity grew, I think his desire to be a great boxer diminished a little bit with it. I see him get that desire back. Get that fire back. get that hunger back. If he does that, look, he's in his late 20s. He can still get there. If he continues to go down this path where it's all about the money and the flash and the style and not about the substance, then I'm I'm kind of on your side of it and say he won't. &gt;&gt; Well, look, like I told them, now mind you, these are things that I say on our podcast and I tell fighters face to face. I've been having a lot of uh face tof face conver uh confrontations. Ammo Williams, not too long ago, Edgar Bolinga came up to me saying, &gt;&gt; "Come to the territory." I and I I think and I've always said this to you like if you would you believe you've got the credibility to back it up like you fought for x number of years. You won a world championship. You were the contender. As much crap as I give you on this show going back and forth. You are exponentially more accomplished and more uh you have have more credibility when it comes to this topic. You've done it. You've achieved it. You've accomplished all of it. &gt;&gt; And I'm not afraid. So, like I told Berlinga, like I told Ammo, like I told Ryan Garcia, like I tell all these guys that I criticize on the Mora and Manx podcast. &gt;&gt; Stop calling it that. &gt;&gt; I'm not afraid to tell you in your face. All right? I mean what I say and I say what I mean. All right? So, look, unless they can prove me wrong, unless Burlanga can do something to shut me up and I can recent the negative things that I've said, up until then, I'm right right now. He's never going to become a champion. What if he wanted to shut you up in the ring? He did call for you to unretire and get into the ring with him. &gt;&gt; Well, Keith Connley, my favorite manager, represents him. Get me $1 million and make it a six to eight round fight at 165 and we might have something. &gt;&gt; $1 million. &gt;&gt; 1 million. $1 million. So, let's say it's probably not a six round. You go eight. &gt;&gt; Eight. I'm going to be It's going to be hurting, but yeah. Eight. Eight rounds the most. these uh these legs can carry me. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, the gauntlet has been thrown down. Let's see if Kate Connley can come up with the cash. All right. On this episode, we are going to talk about Connor Ben, who is coming off that win over Regis Pro and now has his eyes set on a welterweight championship fight against Ryan Garcia. That uh fight is in talks right now from what I am told. Uh we're also going to talk about Oliver Usyk and Rico Verhovven. The heavyweight championship fight scheduled to take place over in Egypt. There was a press conference for it this week. Also this week, a lot of conversation about maybe the biggest fight in British boxing history. Tyson Fury against Anthony Joshua. Fury did his part against Arselc Makmoud this past weekend. Does AJ want the fight? We're going to get into that. Plus, Ben Whitaker, the flashy light heavyweight contender. He is back headline this weekend in the UK on his own. We're going to talk about where Ben Whitaker is going to go in his career as he starts to scrape up against that championship level. But let's start Sergio with Connor Ben who is coming off the win over Regis Prograde. Not a great win. He won a 10 round decision over an older, heavier, faded, and according to him very injured Regis Prograde this past weekend. Now Connor Ben is out there looking for a big fight. He's got his eyes on Ryan Garcia. Ryan Garcia, of course, the WBC uh welterweight champion. Won that belt back in February against Mario Barios. I have been told that there are real talks taking place for Ryan Garcia against Connor Ben. That certainly is a marketable fight between two big names at 147. You think it's the right fight for both those guys? &gt;&gt; Uh it's going to be the right fight for anyone to face Ryan Garcia, an extremely popular commercial world champion. Now, I mean, that's another fighter that I said was never going to win a world championship. and Ryan Garcia, he proved me wrong. U he got that strap. So yeah, of course, everyone's going to want to call out the fact that he has a lot of followers. You get paid a lot of money if you fight a guy like Ryan Garcia. And now he's a world champion. So it's a win-winwin for Connor Ben, and he needs it. I mean, both these guys have a mass following. Uh, and they're from two parts of the world. I mean, he brings Connor Bren brings that UK popularity. Brian Garcia brings that youthful YouTube social media following and that green belt. So all in all, even though both these guys don't deserve a mega fight, they kind of deserve each other because they both have their controversies outside the ring. They've, you know, failed PED tests and other things. So they have this bad boy image, but they also could fight. So I think I like that fight. I'll be honest with you. Commercially, I like it. Stylistically, I like it. But Ryan Garcia will be a big favorite in that fight. &gt;&gt; And who would have thought that? Like would you have said that before this fight against Regis Pro? If you were just talking about Conor Ben coming off the Chris Eubank Jr. win, wouldn't you have made Conor Ben the favorite against Ryan Garcia? &gt;&gt; I would have, but that's how uh that's how the tables turn really quick whenever, you know, time goes by and you start seeing the real colors of a person and a fighter. And Connor Ben hasn't been the same since he uh tested positive from that peed test. It seems like he's fighting an emotional battle within. You know, he's already had to go through the fire with the with the critics and now he's just doing it again by, you know, going across the street to Zufa. So, he keeps bringing these challenges to himself. And it seems like it's working for him. He's getting paid a lot of money, but he's losing a lot of fans. So, I think he's already made up his mind over what he wants to do in the sport. Make a lot of money, but it's not really chasing titles. &gt;&gt; Well, if he's challenging Ryan Garcia, it's chasing a title. Ryan Garcia is the WBC welterweight champion. Conor Ben is for whatever reason ranked number one by the WBC in the rank. So he is looking to win that championship. I was just surprised at how average Conor Ben looked against Reed Sprog because the guy we saw against Chris Eubank Jr. looked pretty good. And you can say it's cuz Eubank was older. He had to shrink himself down to 160. He was slapped with the that rehydration clause. All those things are true. But some of that second fight was about Connor Ben looking pretty good, about Ben looking explosive. He didn't look explosive against Regis Progay. And this guy, and I talked to people in Ben's camp over the last couple of days, they push back on this idea that he didn't look good. Regis Pro in that moment was a dead man walking. That was a shadow of Regis Progay. That was not the 140 pound champion who battled Josh Taylor and some of these Did he fight Taylor? Yeah. No, he fought Ramirez, right? Who who &gt;&gt; Reg fought Josh Taylor. One of his best performances. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm the 140 pound tournament. I'm kind of mixing it up a little bit, but had some really good wins at 140 pounds. That wasn't the same guy when I hear from people in Ben's camp that like ProGra's never been stopped. Well, yeah, back in the day when he was an elite 140 pounder. Here you had him at 150 pounds against a guy that was younger, physically stronger, coming down in weight, and he couldn't do anything with him. That to me was a huge red flag when it comes to Connor Bett. I still think Conor's a pretty good fighter, but in these lower weight classes, shrinking down in weight. Don't forget, he's going to have to shrink down three more pounds to fight Ryan Garcia. So, if he looked drained and less sure of himself at 150, what's he going to look like at 147 against a fighter that is faster by 10 times than Regis Program, which is Ryan Garcia? &gt;&gt; And Ryan Garcia is a huge 147 pounder. He's like almost my height, you know. I'm &gt;&gt; He's a tall guy. Yeah, &gt;&gt; he's like 5 foot 11. He's extremely fast. So, he's he's taller, he's bigger, he's longer, he's faster, and he's more powerful. &gt;&gt; So, everything's on on Ryan Garcia's side. Uh Connor Ben looked like a monster when he was, you know, cheating. Let's be honest with you, when he was doing peeds, he hasn't looked the same. But it's not only Connor Ben. So, let's just keep it real. Everyone that gets popped for peeds afterwards, their knockout ratio declines. So you you you you rely on that, manx. You rely on that. You understand that that you're getting help from, you know, supplements and they fool themselves into thinking that they're doing the work, that they're just getting a little bit of assistance or they're or they're cutting corners where where they they rationalize, man. A cheater rationalizes with themsel. But once you get popped, that confidence, that false bravado goes out the window. And then you have to look at yourself in the mirror and say, "Okay, am I really that beast? I need to shut everyone up." You train, you talk, you do everything to sell yourself as a beast, but the power is not there. Would you What do you attribute the way he fought than against Chris Eubank Jr. Because the power did look like it was there against Eubank? Do you think that was more about what Eubank wasn't than what Connor Ben was? &gt;&gt; Well, put that's exactly what it was. I mean, Eubank was already 36 years old going 37. &gt;&gt; You know, he was a little bit warned. He had already been stopped. Um, aging fighter. I mean, I fought at 37. My last fighter was at 38. I have no legs. You have no punch resistance. You can't take body shots the same way. And he's fighting a young killer uh in in Connor Ben, 28 years old, full of testosterone and bravado. Inside joke there between us. Uh, so yeah, Eubank was against a young bull, but let's keep it real. Eubank Jr. wasn't really a world champion ever at 168. He never faced none of the big dogs. &gt;&gt; Neither was Connor Ben. So, you mean you're not talking about a championship level guy going up against a non- championship. They were both kind of on that same &gt;&gt; They're both popular and they were both &gt;&gt; Well, they're I think they're on the same talent level. I I think the difference in that fight was probably that Eubank had to get down to 160 and then couldn't rehydrate higher than 170. I think that was a variable there. I I just I I want to point out that when I watched that Eubank fight this past November, like Connor Ben was just lunging in at Eubank. He was aggressive. That guy wasn't there against Regis Pro. I wonder why. Look, Connor Ben was clean for the Eubank fights. He was tested for the Eubank fights and he looked aggressive there. Why was he not aggressive against Regis Kroger? Was he that wary of the power of Regis Kroger? Reg was a good puncher at 140 pounds, but up at 150, that version of him, I mean, you saw like all the injuries he listed, Regis Progra, his legs weren't there. Like his legs, &gt;&gt; they were buckling in the first. &gt;&gt; I know. That's what I'm saying. And like his movement was just off like that. He was tailorade for a knockout and Connor Ben couldn't get there. I just I can't understand. Is it just because of the weight cut? Because last November he looked explosive against Chris Eubank Jr. a few months later, he didn't look anything like that against Regis Program. Making weight right is half the fight one. Love saying that line because every fighter knows what I'm talking about. If you make weight the wrong way, I don't care if you're young and you still have a lot of, you know, uh, vigor to you and vitality to you, you're still going to dehydrate yourself. And if you keep doing that over and over and over, the older you get, the more it's going to hit you, the more it's going to hit your legs. And come the fifth, the sixth, the seventh round, that's when you start feeling either old, either uh like you're missing something, you're missing a gear, and then you take that into the next fight. You take that that that um that lack of confidence into the next fight, thinking, I remember how I felt last time when I was dehydrated and I wasn't at my best. And then you start questioning yourself. You can never fight at 100% full steam. That's what happened to me in the Shane Mosy fight. I was in incredible shape, but I remembered when I missed weight last time with my Vernon Forest fight, the rematch. I remember how I felt in the sixth or seventh, eighth round, and I didn't want to feel that with Shane. So, I was just barely staying in the fight. That's what fighters do. They don't go into fights to win. They go into fights not to lose. Big difference. &gt;&gt; So, what happens if Conor Ben and Ryan Garcia meet in the ring this summer? &gt;&gt; Ryan Garcia knocks him out. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Ryan Garcia knocks him out. The way Ryan Garcia put it into a smart gear. Forget the power gear. We all knew he had that power gear &gt;&gt; and the right hand. I mean, rediscovering the right hand was &gt;&gt; the jab, the right hand, listening to his corner. I liked his temperament leading up to the the entire the entire press conference. Even though everyone wanted more animation, they wanted Ryan Garcia to be a a cuckoo bird because it sells. &gt;&gt; Not what &gt;&gt; a cuckoo bird, &gt;&gt; you know, drinking beer and doing all kinds of crazy I think there's a middle ground between being crazy like it was against Devin Haney and as docile as he was against Mario Barios. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there is a an in between. You still need to be a showman, but when the bell rung, he showed up. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that version of Ryan Garcia knocks out Connor Ben because he's just he'll keep him at the end. That quick twitch left hook. Conor Ben will be afraid to to to even attempt to lunge in like he did against Eubank Jr. And if you fall off balance lunging in with a fire like Ryan Garcia, it's lights out with two punches. &gt;&gt; I would have been really excited about this fight if Connor had knocked out Reed's program in the second round because it would have created the possibility of a really explosive fight. And maybe we still get that. Maybe Connor in his second fight down these lower weight classes looks more explosive. Maybe he makes the weight better. Maybe he's more comfortable. Maybe we do get the fight that I thought it might have the potential to be. But right now, I'm with you. I would make Ryan Garcia a heavy favorite going to this fight, which I wouldn't have said three weeks ago. No way about it. I would have said that's a 50-50 fight or maybe even favored Connor Ben because of what we saw with the Ben versus Eubank Jr. fight. All right. Uh this week we had the official press conference for the Alexander Usyk Rico Verhovven fight. That is for the unified heavyweight championship. Usyk of course greatest heavyweight of this generation. Still the unified champ. Rico, kickboxer, great kickboxer, legendary kickboxer, somebody our pal Todd Gisham knows uh really well, but we've kind of seen how these fights go in the past, haven't we? Where a MMA star goes in with a professional boxer, and it doesn't usually go well for the MMA star. Now we have a kickboxer going in with a uh great boxer in Usyk. Do you give Rico any chance of pulling off this upset? &gt;&gt; Negative zero. Negative zero. You got to go backwards in the in the the number section. You know, in algebra, which I'm not good at, you hit a zero and then it's plus and then negative. You go that way. You go in the opposite direction. That's what I the chances I give Ricoven a chance against a great uh Alexander Usyk. And it comes down to footwork, man. It just the footwork with elite boxers embarrasses kickboxers because kickboxers they train square because they need to go 50% punches, 50% kicks. So in order to get off those kicks, they have to be squared up. That's the last thing you want to do as a boxer is square yourself up because your torso is a bullseye. So Usyk, who has made a living tearing down giant after giant after giant, he's a giant slayer. Now he's going up against a giant slayer that's only 50% hands. He'll embarrass them. He'll embarrass them. It'll be a one-sided fight. Rico Verhovven will go back to kickboxing and he'll get a nice boxing paycheck against one of the greatest fighters of our generation. But those are just popularity fights. Those are like, oh, I'm interested. Those are two different worlds colliding. But boxing is always going to supersede any of these other guys in the mixed martial arts field. the MMA, the kickboxers, the wrestlers, the tough guys. Boxing is a sweet science. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I want to say first that I'm cool with Usyk taking this fight because to your point, he has faced monster after monster for the entirety of this decade and not had any gimmies. Let me give you his list of his recent opponents. Dane Dubois back in 2025, Tyson Fury twice in 2024, Dubois in 2023, Anthony Joshua in 2022, Joshua before that in 2021, Derek Sora in 2020 late in the pandemic. You have to go back to Chaz Witherspoon in 2019, a fight we called in Chicago to find a gimme for Usyk. And that was Usyk's heavyweight debut. So you expect him to take a softer test. And by the way, Chaz Wi Witherspoon at 38 and three at that time is not a bad debut opponent for Alexand before then. Belleu, Gasev, Breidus, Huck, Hunter, Machunu, Glovaki. Like, this is a murderer's row in two-way classes of guys that he fought. So, I'm fine. Everybody in professional boxing, your favorite fighter, my favorite fighter, they've all taken gimmies at a certain point. This is just a really lucrative one and a great opportunity to do a mega event in Egypt. to have a fight at the foot of the pyramids is insane. The optics on this are going to be surreal. Um, do I want to see Usyk fight two more of these? No. But he's not even talking about that. He's talking about fighting Rico and then fighting the winner of Dubois against Wardley, which for his sake I hope it's it's Wardley, and then taking on Tyson Fury in a third fight. So, he's looking to get right back onto this, you know, boxing hamster wheel with all these big names out there. He's just looking to take this fight, get a nice big payday, put on a big show. I'm with you. I don't see a path to victory for Rico. Rico is an absurdly talented kickboxer, but Usyk is a generational great at heavyweight. A guy that I think would be competitive in any era. A guy that has beaten everybody, all the top stars in the heavyweight division. I don't see a path to victory for this man. I just don't see it. &gt;&gt; Neither do I. Let's let's look at the history of absolutely talented kickboxers that transition. Chris Aljuri, world champion. Kayla Plant became a world champion, but I think it was Vitali Klitschko became a world champion. A great hall of fame great. Um, you can have big baby Miller in there, but he never became great. But anyway, these guys transition from successful kickboxing career to boxers. So, there is a path there. But these guys had, you know, fight after fight after fight. They didn't get fast forward all the way to the top of the line against one of the greats. So, this is totally just to sell a storyline. A great kickboxer versus the great heavyweight champion in Usyk and you're doing it in a unique setting where 5,000 years of history are looking down upon you. I think that was a Napoleon Bonapart line where the French army went through the pyramids. But anyway, that's what my mind thinks. Yeah, it's a sellable fight and I wish I could be I wish I could be there. Manx, &gt;&gt; I know you do, but you're not. Um, if Usyk fights two more times, I mentioned the Worthly Dubois winner and then uh Tyson Fury, are those the fights you'd want to see him finish his career with? &gt;&gt; No. No. I think Usyk either goes off into the limelight with these type of fights, popularity fights, or you really try to show everyone what you're made of and fight the number one top gun. &gt;&gt; You don't want to fight a Talma Talma, baby. &gt;&gt; That's that's kind of a no-win situation for him. That's &gt;&gt; Well, that's it then. &gt;&gt; I mean, look, there other fights like I &gt;&gt; I would want to see him I I &gt;&gt; I don't think it's competitive, but Usyk Deontay Wilder to me has some intrigue to it. And if Usyk fights the winner, let's just say Wley beats Dubois. Usyk fights Fabio Wardley, that's another name he could add to his resume and a chance to become undisputed heavyweight champion for the third time. Like that's a nice feather in your cap. Undisputed at cruiserweight once, undisputed heavyweight three times. Come on. Like that is &gt;&gt; that's and it's kind of almost comical because he keeps dropping one of these belts and then getting it back. But that's a pretty big accomplishment if you're Usyk. I'd like to see the Wilder fight because it kind of is the last great heavyweight of the previous era that Usyk hasn't gone through. Granted, long faded Deontay Wilder. &gt;&gt; Then why then why do you want to give one beata like &gt;&gt; Wilder does nothing for me and and they're going to want to sell that pay-per-view. They're not going to want to have that be a free fight. So Wilder &gt;&gt; might be everything's a pay-per-view now, but like you could do it over in Saudi Arabia. &gt;&gt; I just Yeah. Wilder is an interesting name, but his last fight, his last couple of fights, he hasn't done anything for me. He's shell shocked. He's afraid to throw that right hand. If you're not gonna be guns blazing against Usyk, if you're not going to try to take chances, if you're just going to get outboxed by footwork, then you need someone with footwork, not just size, not just size, and not just power. So, I just think Wilder doesn't deserve it. One, and two, I know how that fight pans out. So, I much rather see Usyk go against another big man that deserves it, like a Fabio Wley. &gt;&gt; All right. Speaking though of Deontay Wilder, Eddie Hearn was at the Usyk Rico press conference. He is the promoter of that event and he was making the media rounds and he was asked about Anthony Joshua. Anthony Joshua of course uh did not engage with Tyson Fury after Fury's win over Arselon Bec Mudov. Fury made this big show out of how he challenged Anthony Joshua. I think he I think Turkey Alashik I think a lot of people Netflix expected AJ to get into the ring expected a faceoff and AJ he wasn't having any of that. What Eddie Hearn revealed later is that he is now closing in on a two-fight deal with I believe Netflix and Saudi Arabian officials to have AJ come back in July and then fight Tyson Fury in November. No idea on the opponent yet in July, but Eddie said that he wants that fight to be against Deontay Wilder. He wants the warm-up fight for Anthony Joshua to be against Deontay Wilder. He did say he doesn't think that's going to happen because the powers that be aren't interested in taking the kind of risk associated with Deontay Wilder against Anthony Joshua. But what do you think? We've been talking about AJ Deontay Wilder for as long or longer than we've talked about AJ against Tyson Fury. Would you like to see Wilder be the warm-up fight for Anthony Joshua? &gt;&gt; No. Because Wilder might mess around and and beat and knock out Anthony Joshua and throw a wrench into the plans of one of the biggest, most lucrative fights in British history. So why do you want to do that, Manx? How many fights have been ruined by the stay busy fight? Taking a fight that you're overconfident in that you're not really focused and concentrating on because you know there's another one around the corner. It's a recipe for disaster. So no, I don't want one. Like I said in the last question, Wilder doesn't deserve it. One, and two, Wilder might mess around and ruin something. &gt;&gt; Why do you say that Wilder doesn't deserve the AJ fight? Like does AJ deserve Wilder? What has AJ done? Joshua still brings popularity. He still he's coming off some knockout wins. He's fought against the absolute best. &gt;&gt; He's coming off a knockout win over Jake Paul. And he his last fight before that was getting knocked out by Dubai. &gt;&gt; And before that he was coming off a nice little &gt;&gt; he had like a threeight winning streak. Yeah. He was he was doing okay. That's what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; Wilder just beat though. &gt;&gt; Look man, bird in the hand, man. It's a bird in the hand. It's there. All right. So why do you want to scare off? &gt;&gt; Let me ask you this. Let me ask you this question. What do you think is a bigger global event? AJ against Tyson Fury or AJ against Wilder? &gt;&gt; Easy. Easy. Fury. AJ Fury is so popular. Like I said, it'll be the biggest fight in the UK history in my opinion. And they're heavyweights. So, it's not like it's &gt;&gt; I didn't ask you about UK though. I said global event. &gt;&gt; And that is going to leak out. It's going to reach out outside. Why do you keep doing it's going to go outside of Europe popularity in in the states and then by gaining in the states it's going to be popular anywhere that there's a boxing uh rich culture. I'm talking about everywhere that's intrigued by heavyweight punchers and showman like Tyson Fury and and polished big men Goliath looking guys like Anthony Joshua. That fight is a dream come true for boxing. It really I think it's a dream come true for a lot of British fans that have been clamoring for that fight to happen for the better part of 10 years. I do think there's a large swath of boxing fans that are kind of over it because neither one of these guys is anywhere close to what they were three or four years ago. Back then, AJ was a champion, peak of his powers. Tyson Fury coming off the wins over Wilder, peak of his powers. If that fight had happened back then, it would have been the global event that Netflix is looking for. Now, it's just kind of a money grab for both of these guys. &gt;&gt; And that's fine, but they still bring the legacy in the name. Like, I'll give you a great example. When Lennox Lewis fought Mike Tyson, Mike Tyson was way past his prime. Lennox Lewis came from across the pond and knocked out one of the vicious, most dangerous punchers in the world. We didn't care that Mike Tyson was shot, that he was done. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but we see, Hold on. We see stuff like that happen all the time. You're you're we see a great fighter take on a lesser fighter with a big name kind of all the time. Like those king-making types of moments. This is not that. These are two guys that would you put either one of them. I guess Tyson's in the top five in heavyweights now. After that comeback, I'd probably put him somewhere in that top five &gt;&gt; of all time. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. Current heavy active heavyweight. &gt;&gt; Active. Yes. Of all time. Wardley like it's not a great it's not an elite heavyweight crop and I think Tyson Fury by just blanking Mach Mudov puts himself back in that mix. AJ I don't think is in the top 10 right now. I don't think he's a top 10 heavyweight at the moment based on what I saw against Dubois and that was about two years ago. This is not &gt;&gt; I don't think the Tyson versus Lewis &gt;&gt; comparison is an applesto apples one when it comes to AJ against uh against Fury. I think seniority alone keeps Anthony Joshua at the end of the top 10 because he has his accomplishments. He was a unified champion like Wild. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're basing it on past accomplishments. I'm talking about right now. Like I didn't know what Fury was until I saw him against Makmudov. Now I'd probably put him at four at the worst, maybe even three. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but at the end of the top 10 list, man, you're always going to get familiar older names in every weight division. So he's not too far off. You could check him up right now while I'm talking. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but I'm looking I'm looking gonna look at the ring. &gt;&gt; I would think I would think that at the end of the top 10 just because he's done so much for the sport for so long that yes, he deserves with a couple of wins with a couple popular wins keeps his name in the mix and still one of the top older fighters that you want to knock off if you're a younger fiber fighter like Wley, like Atama and so many others. You want to pick off that old line and make a name for yourself, but you got to keep them in the rankings. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, give I'm looking at the Ring Magazine heavyweight rankings. Tell me who you would rank AJ ahead of right now. Uh, Fabio Wardley. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You'd rank AJ ahead of Fabio. &gt;&gt; No, I'm sorry. Worley over Joshua. &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh, Cabel. &gt;&gt; So, Joshua over Cabel. &gt;&gt; Would you? Yes. Uh, Fury? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Dubois? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Can't because he got knocked out by four. &gt;&gt; Philip Perovich? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; That's five. &gt;&gt; Itala. &gt;&gt; We're getting closer, but no. &gt;&gt; You would. &gt;&gt; We're getting closer. on the in the top 10. You're doing legacy stuff, bro. You're doing popular start weighing uh the future of a bright young hot red hot contender versus a guy that already &gt;&gt; Why do you just say hot? &gt;&gt; That's a James Brown thing. Hot. &gt;&gt; You're not James Brown. &gt;&gt; All right. Look here. Here. Name versus. &gt;&gt; But if you put a Tom and AJ in the ring right now, what happens? &gt;&gt; Man, I It's interesting. &gt;&gt; You think it's interesting? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I don't. Um Martin Bakoli. Joshua over Baki. &gt;&gt; You'll put Joshua Bakoli. Uh FA Jagba. &gt;&gt; Joshua over Jagba. &gt;&gt; Richard Torres. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. There you go. Joshua's top 10. &gt;&gt; All right. So you've got him. Ring magazine does not have Joshua in their top 10 heavyweights right now. They've got more Aasia at the back end of that at number 10. So based on your argument, you probably put him at number seven um in the rankings. I don't know how you put them. &gt;&gt; A solid eight. I would do. Yeah. In the snake rankings. Yeah. Because you know when you shed so much blood manx you you &gt;&gt; but you're giving credit you're giving credit for past accomplishments. I'm saying right now is he a top 10 heavyweight and I don't believe that. &gt;&gt; Look I think if you want to make an argu about Torres maybe Garcia for sure. Aagba. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; AJ has lost already. &gt;&gt; So did AJ. &gt;&gt; Yeah but AJ lost on the championship level. These guys lost on the way up to the championship level. &gt;&gt; Yeah I mean true. I I agree. Look, I I would probably put him in the back &gt;&gt; matters, man. That you gota weigh that, you know, you got to bring that into the conversation. &gt;&gt; I'd probably put him in the back end of that top 10 as well. The point is it's I we got to this point by saying what's asking the question of what's a bigger global event. I actually think Wilder, &gt;&gt; it's close. It's close because Wilder has a following in the US and there's a lot of US fans that want to see AJ fight Deontay Wilder even at this stage. Sergio, when though when Netflix released its numbers about the Fury uh Makmuda fight, the only thing I read was about the 5 million viewers in the UK. That's a great number. 5 million in the UK. That's enormous. That's a a landslide. I didn't read any global numbers. I didn't read any US numbers. And believe me, I know ratings. You know ratings. If you do a good rating somewhere, you're putting that out there. You are taking a bullhorn and you're telling it to the world. you do a high pay-per-view number, you're telling everybody when you don't hear about the ratings, it means they weren't very good. So, I just think like I think AJ Fury will certainly do better than Fury Mcmud, but I don't know what the level of interest in the United States is for AJ against Fury. I think the interest in the US is much bigger for AJ against Deontay Wilder. I think and I think you could put that fight in the US. How we put that fight in New York City? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; The sight of AJ's Yeah. the side of AJ and the Mexican Rocky Andy Ruiz. &gt;&gt; And yes, ratings, they always help. You know, whenever you get high ratings, of course, you want to bring that to the table because it helps your negotiations, &gt;&gt; you know, like for me, I I always would say 12 million people saw me fight on NBC till this day. I can bring that to the table. One at one time, 12 million people watch me on on national television. That's what that's what you could do when you're a heavyweight champion. and you've been to the top and all these younger bucks, they're calling your name. It's like, "No, you need to earn your right to fight me. Even though I've been knocked out, even though I've already come up short, even though I'm I'm not what I used to be, so what? I built this legacy. I built this name. And if you want my name on your resume, young, then you need to deserve it." That's it. We got to this point because we were talking about how Eddie Hearn wants Wilder to be the warm-up fight and the powers that be uh who are bankrolling Fury Joshua uh do not I would love to see AJ roll the dice. I would love to see him take on Deontay Wilder in July. I'd love to see him take on Tyson Fury in November. Then I would like to see him walk away walk away from the game. I also think regardless of whether it's Wilder or not, he needs a warm-up fight. He needs a warm-up fight. This guy, this guy was in a catastrophic, tragic accident. An accident that cost two of his friends their lives. An accident that left him with injuries. You were saw the video of him getting taken out of that car. He was injured during that car crash. That's the physical toll. I can't imagine the mental toll of having two of your friends die right in front of you. He should not. It would be irresponsible to go straight into a fight against Tyson Fury without testing out where you are physically, where you are mentally, going through a full training camp, just doing everything you've got to do going into a fight. I I think it would be wholly irresponsible for AJ and anybody around him to suggest he should go into a Tyson Fury fight without taking one fight in between. On a smaller scale, you could say Deontay Wilder has uh endured similar trauma, you know, in his personal life. Uh losing in another different way, you know, maybe not losing in debt, but losing in in finances, losing in in marriage, losing in &gt;&gt; I think that that's hard to make the comparison there. Like what AJ happened in Africa, &gt;&gt; man, a loss is a loss. Whenever you're you're &gt;&gt; trying to compare like what like some family drama, which is real, I get that against what AJ went through in Africa. Blood is thicker than water, man. It's I mean, I've had friends pass away and I've also been in in &gt;&gt; right in front of you. &gt;&gt; Uh almost. Yeah. Almost. &gt;&gt; I mean, that was that that was &gt;&gt; it's traumatizing, man. It's traumatizing. I'm not going to try to, you know, you know, water down uh something as as as as a great tragic loss like that. Yes. But you get over stuff like that through what got you here, and that's boxing. putting all your focus, channeling all your positive energy, moving forward and putting that in the past. Uh Wilder on the other hand has different demons in it in his uh in his past and different demons that he needs to fight. So I think both of them both of them are fitted for each other, but Wilder is the type of guy that can still knock out a fragile chin like Joshua. So I would hate for Fury Joshua to be jeopardized just because you want one fight in between. I I think it would be a shame if Fury Joshua never happened. I also think it would be such a tremendous story for Anthony Joshua in the twilight of his career to finally face Deontay Wilder before finally facing Tyson Fury. I think it would be incredible, an incredible narrative. And I think Wilder is just I mean he's faded certainly. He's just a lesser version of himself enough that this fight makes sense right now. Now, I'd love to see him do that. I don't think they're going to do it. I think you're going to be more likely to see Joshua take on someone like he was going to face last November, Cashas Cheney, or somebody on that level. Uh, but I would love to see it happen. I would love to see Deontay Wilder and AJ Dance uh before this uh the career of both these guys ultimately ends. All right, last thing. Ben Whitaker is back. Second fight of his new deal with Matt Rum. Second headlining event after Callum Smith and David Morurell had to be postponed because Callum Smith came down with an injury. Now you got Ben Whitaker uh headlining at Liverpool Arena against Brian Suarez. Suarez 21 and4. Uh Whitaker is on a two-ight winning streak. He beat Liam Cameron in their anticipated rematch back in 2025. Uh late last year he beat Benjamin Cavezy in one round in the first round of his matchroom deal. Now here he is against Suarez in a 10 round fight. Look, we look at Ben Whitaker as a prospect, but he's 28 years old. He's a former Olympic silver medalist. Should Ben Whitaker be looking at title fights if he gets through this fight with Suarez? &gt;&gt; Uh, no, not yet. He still needs developing. Even though he has the the Olympic pedigree, silver medalist, he's looked amazing with the guys that he's been with in with, but he has a blemish. He got a draw, you know, and he still needs to &gt;&gt; avenge that though. &gt;&gt; All I'm saying, he still got blemished by a guy that wasn't on the championship level. So, so he's not he's not perfect. He looks perfect because he looks the part. Incredible footwork, incredible power, exciting, already filling out stadiums, but you need to develop that. Manx, why do you want to rush him when you got &gt;&gt; 28? &gt;&gt; Yeah, but nowadays, you know, fighters are fighting until their mid-30s. &gt;&gt; Whitaker, I'm not saying you got to wait another two, three years, but you definitely got to wait another two, three fights. That's all I'm saying. &gt;&gt; Two, three fights could put you into a year and a half. &gt;&gt; And that and what's wrong with that when you only have a dozen? He's not going to fight for a world title. &gt;&gt; That's That's where we're at right now. And as long as he's in the right fights and they're moving him fast and they're moving him right, that's what you need to do. This kid Whitaker is is everything you want to watch. TV friendly. He's super fast, quick feet, has power, and he puts combinations together nicely. And the best part the best part for me is excellent body puncher. Kids with that kind of power and speed and popularity never invest in the body. They go straight for the head hunting. This kid softens you up. He softens you up with that jab. Digs you down to the body, then goes for the kill. All in all, I think he's been moved perfectly. Why rush him right now when you're doing everything right? So, no, a little bit more. Put him in against a tougher opposition that haven't been knocked out. Get him some dog rounds, man. &gt;&gt; All right, so let's talk. No, let's talk about that because look, I'm with you that his next fight shouldn't be Demetri. I'm in agreement there. His next fight shouldn't be Archer Better. his next fight shouldn't be David Benvitz. Like he's not on that level just yet, &gt;&gt; but um I'm looking at the light heavyweight rankings. &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchinson, that makes sense. Joshua Boatsi, that makes sense. U there's a whole list of guys that are in the mid tier of these light heavyweight rankings that I think we should be talking about Ben Whitaker against. This will now be the second straight fight with Matroom where he's fighting a guy, but he should be pretty clean. The Gavves fight was one-sided, one round buttkicking. Great performance, really made a statement, went viral. This fight could go kind of similar, I think, for for Ben Whitaker. If it does, we got to start talking about these guys are in the middle of the rankings. I'm talking about Hutchinson. I'm talking about Buatsi. Craig Richards. I don't know if you can do that. &gt;&gt; Hutchinson. I like that one. I like &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchson's got a win um just a couple of weeks ago in the Queensberry card. It shouldn't be that difficult to fight to make. I mean, there's some good names. &gt;&gt; I like Hutchinson. I think Batsi maybe can wait a little maybe. &gt;&gt; Conor Wallace, I think, is somebody &gt;&gt; Hutchinson stands out because he he he uh I forget who he fought where he made a good impression on me. &gt;&gt; Ezra, his last fight, Ezra Taylor, &gt;&gt; was the one before that. I was studying him for that Ezra fight and he made a great impression on me. You have you have the the resume under there? &gt;&gt; I'll find it. Go ahead. excellent fighter, good combinations, uh uh throw knows how to throw the the hard punches and set them up nicely. That's a veteran tactic. That means that you've that you've uh you've got some good rounds in in the gym, that you have good amateur background. So, Hutchinson makes a lot of sense. It makes a lot of sense moving forward to prove and test a fighter uh that doesn't have that many dog rounds in him. &gt;&gt; So, he beat Ezra Taylor uh back in March, beat Mark Jeffers before that. That was a seventh round knockout. had the split decision loss to Batsi. That was in 2024. Craig Richard fight that I that I studied. &gt;&gt; Craig Richie he beat by decision as well. Look, Willie Hutch is a good fighter. 20-2 only been stopped once in his career. Um 27 years old, so right around that same age range. I'm just saying I I want to if Ben Whitaker looks brilliant in this fight, and I think he's going to I think this is going to be a good good fight for Ben Whitaker. It's a well-matched type of fight. It was originally supposed to be the co-main event, so take that for what it's worth. Uh, I would like to see him in one of those guys. I think it's time for Ben Whitaker to be in one of those, you know, mid-tier guys in light heavyweight rankings. Agree. Manx, you're looking a little pale. Should get your testosterone checked.