Kind: captions Language: en And we welcome you back one final time to the Honda Center in Anaheim, California for Beyond the Bell. And what a performance in the main event. Perhaps the best fight of his life. Arnold Barbosza in front of his hometown crowd dominated almost every single round for a very wide unanimous decision in a fight that he entered as the underdog. Believe it or not, boy did Vegas get this one wrong. Guys, why was he so much better than Kenneth Sims Jr. tonight? &gt;&gt; He did everything right, Todd. I mean, he did everything you could possibly think of. That's the epitome of the sweet science. Hit, not get hit. Use the angles, stay on the inside, mind your defense. I mean, it was range control, it was timing, it was punch selection. That was a beautiful performance. I I mean, I keep praising Armo Barosa, but that was a picture perfect performance. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was the most complete performance I've seen Arnold Barbosza fight up until this point. He's had some good ones over the last couple of years, beating Jose Ramirez, uh, going up against Tafimal Lopez didn't work out for him, but he went over to the UK and beat Jack Catateral. So, he's been fighting and winning at a pretty high level. But this was the very best of Arnold Barbosza. Everything was working for him. And I think it begins with the conditioning, moving up in weight, that was the right decision. Going up to Big Bear, working with Abel Sanchez. That was the right decision. He was in peak condition tonight and that allowed him to do all the things he was able to do. LK Sims was in this fight for spurts. He was doing some decent things, but every single round, round by round, it seems like Arnold Barbosza was doing a little bit more. &gt;&gt; And Sergio, it's at this stage of his career in his 30s where he's supposed to start slipping away and, you know, losing things. He seems to be getting better and better right now. &gt;&gt; Look, he's 34 years old and whatever he did in camp in Big Bear with Abel Sanchez and Ben Lero. Do it again cuz that was a great that was a great A+ performance in my opinion. I mean, yeah, he could have got the knockout, but Sims is not the type of guy that you knock out. You got to out beat him to the punch. You got to outsmart him and you got to always be shifting. That's what Baltto was doing. Anytime he punched, he got a little angle on him. Never let Sims come back with any kind of counter punch. That's high fight IQ. That's a counter puncher. Even though he does get hit occasionally, Barbosa, he responds well and comes gets it right back. &gt;&gt; Well, we were talking about how great Barbosa looked. What about Sims Jr.? Was Barbosza just putting him in his place, so to speak, or did he just not really show up tonight? I was really disappointed in Kenneth Sims Jr. and you do have to start with Ara Barbosa winning the fight, but I also don't think Kenneth Sims Jr. did a lot to set himself up to win the fight. He wasn't the guy that we saw fight Oscar Dwarte a little under a year ago. He was just a little short to the punches, a little bit weaker with his conditioning. I thought Sims would be the better conditioned fighter, the better fit for 147 because he's fought here so many times over the last few years. But it was Arnold Barbosza that was more ready for this division. Kenneth Sims from his physique to his hand speed to his punch output. Everything just seemed a little bit off with him tonight and that allowed Argo Barooza to do the things he did. &gt;&gt; Well, you asked Barbosa who he wanted next. He he mentioned Ryan Garcia. He mentioned Keshan Davis. I think he even threw Devin Haney in there. And then all of a sudden you turn around. Oh, Roach is in the ring. I guess I better talk about him, too. Chris, who would you like him to see? And who is he most likely to face? Well, look, this card was something of a showcase to see if anyone was going to stand out to make it worth Ryan Garcia's wild. I don't think anybody really did that. Arnold Barbosza did a nice job winning this fight. Alexis Roach did a nice job winning his fight. So, I I they can move on, but I don't think either one of them moves on to Ryan Garcia. I think Ryan's going to be looking for a bigger fish when he comes back later on this year. That's why I think a Barbosza Alexis Roachcha fight makes a lot of sense. Both these guys are Southern California fighters. Both these guys are coming off convincing wins. I want to see these two guys in with each other. Alexis Roachcha, he's a different kind of cat than Kenneth Sims Jr. He is more powerful. Um he's more experienced at this weight. I think that's a very difficult fight for Arnold Barbosa, but it's also difficult for, you know, for Alexis Roachcha. Barbosa is probably going to be the best boxer that he's faced up until this point. I think it's a great style matchup, and I'd love to see Golden Boy put it together later this year. &gt;&gt; I agree. I think uh Roachcha is the way to go. I think Ryan Garcia, you know, he has a popularity and now he has that WBC green belt. So, he's going to want bigger fish to fight. So, that's the way to go. If Roachcha beats Barbosa, Barba beats Roachcha, then maybe the winner of that can get the golden ticket against Ryan Garcia. But, excellent matchup. We're showing you some of Alexis Roach's greatest hits here in his previous fight. But, let's show you his highlights from tonight as he took on Jojo Diaz, who is moving up in weight. We thought he might be able to get Diaz out of there, but man, Jojo showed so much heart. It was an entertaining scrap. And Roachchi admittedly said, "Look, I haven't fought in a year and a half. I felt really rusty there. My legs weren't really there either." Sergio, is that a one-off performance for him or do you think maybe he's a little bit stuck in the mud now? &gt;&gt; No, listen. Uh disappointment making not making weight uh surgery that he had and the layoff, it's understandable. He shouldn't be too hard on himself. He was in there with a with a with a former champion that's only been stopped one time that very durable and Jojo Diaz. And look, Jojo was prepared, man. Jojo had his moments in this fight. So, Alexis Rocha, he shouldn't be too disappointed. Shouldn't be too hard on himself. I think it was an excellent performance that puts him in a position for a bigger fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that fight played out almost exactly like I thought it was going to play out. Just not enough firepower for Jojo Diaz in the welterweight division to keep someone like Alexis Roachcha off him. And that was a good 10 rounds for Roachi to take get himself back into the mix and now look ahead for a bigger fight. &gt;&gt; All right, so now let's focus in on one of our two world title fights tonight. Sweet poison Gabriella Fandura just erased yet another opponent. She's blowing through everybody. Chris Manx, no one's even making these fights competitive, but it's still fun to see her do her thing considering her height and her reach. &gt;&gt; I mean, she is one of the few pure punchers in all of women's boxing. And when she gets some momentum and starts landing that straight left hand, it only becomes a matter of time. I thought Ruiz did a good job hanging into this fight early. Had a decent game plan coming in, landed a few shots, but as this fight wore on, it became a classic Gabriella Fendor fight where the opponent becomes more of a stationary target, starts eating left hands. A little bit of an uppercut there that scored the first knockdown. And then when we got into the fifth and the sixth rounds, Ruiz was just target practice for Pandora. just could not keep this 5'9 112 pounder. And Sergio, one thing we know about Fedora is that she knows how to finish a fight. &gt;&gt; Fedora reminds me of another tall southpaw in Paul Williams, a punisher. Fedora doesn't use her height. She likes fighting smaller fighters at their level, volume, punches, uppercuts, body shots. It's beautiful and exciting to watch. I want to see more of Fedora. I want to see more of her style. And I think she's becoming a ticket seller because in women's boxing, we want knockouts, we want volume, she gives you both. &gt;&gt; The one thing I don't want to see is something she's talking about doing that's going down in weight to 108 lbs. Please don't Gabrielle, &gt;&gt; I think you're I think you're stuck with that, man. One more title defense at 112 for Gabriella. &gt;&gt; Adios for anyone she's going to step in the ring. &gt;&gt; Down to 108. &gt;&gt; All right, let's talk about Oscar Coyazo. Speaking of the smaller weight fighters, the minimum weight champion of the world. And just like his last bout, the corner of his opponent stopped it. They had seen enough. &gt;&gt; It was the body shots. I think once Gyazo found a home and those left and right to the bodies just like we saw right there, it was only a matter of time because look, you're dealing with a fighter in Haro who wasn't really engaging. He wasn't really trying to win the fight or win rounds. He was just trying to he was trying to be a spoiler, you know? He was trying to just hang in there. Ultimately, those body shots cut up to him and they stopped the fight. He wanted no MS and it's because that man right there took it from him. You know, this fight was kind of a joke. It was. It's kind of a joke. Jesus is not a world-class fighter. He's not built for this level. Uh I am disappointed that we didn't get Melvin Jerusalem on this card in a title unification fight. I understand there are budgets in boxing, but this is 105 lb title unification fight. How much money really was needed to put into the pot to make that fight happen? That fight, that was a waste of everybody's time for being honest. &gt;&gt; Well, way to end it on a sour note. Thanks, Chris. But we do have some fantastic matchups coming your way on Zone, especially in the heavyweight division. And look at this. Atama versus Germaine Franklin, Derek Jesa and Deontay Wilder. There's no way that one's going the distance. And then Saturday, May 23rd, it's Alexander Usyk taking on kickboxing champion Rico Verhovven. But first things first, next week we head to the Kareem Royale in Orlando, Florida as Carlos Adamus squares off against Ammo Williams for his WBC middleweight championship of the world. So long from the Honda Center in Anaheim, California. &gt;&gt; I see Antonio Maldonado up there looking for the Moa rematch &gt;&gt; for Chris Manx, Sergio Mora, Bob Torres, our producer. I'm Todd Gisham. We'll see you next time from Orlando, Florida. Good night. Heat. Heat. This place is a satanic cult. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Do you They will kill you. Lovely.