Kind: captions Language: en [applause] &gt;&gt; All right, boys, listen up. You got your instructions in the dressing room you know I expect, okay? Keep the fight clean. Obey my commands and most importantly, gentlemen, protect yourself at all times, all right? Shake hands. Well, the middleweight division gets top billing here tonight and deservedly so. If you had to pick the two finalists in this tournament who are closest to factoring in to the big picture in their division, it's these two, Palmer and Lowe and Biggs. This is a division infused with new blood but one still topped by fighters on the back nine of their careers like Erislandy Lara. Tonight, we determine the newest contender at 160. I think it's very important here for Biggs not to let Palmer Lowe into a rhythm. You got a southpaw who's going to be quite tricky and then once he gets into his rhythm, it's very hard to knock him out of it. That will be scored a knockdown. YEAH, THAT DOUBLE JAB FROM DYLAN BIGGS. It looked like Palmer Lowe was trying to duck the jab, got on his heels a little bit. Yeah, and went down. It's showing he's being tactically the best, not technically but tactically the best fighter. Ooh, this is well said. One of these two men, Dylan Biggs or Derrieck Palmer Lowe, looking to be the next Riyadh Season breakout. Palmer Lowe's a little bit more aggressive coming out the gate. Palmer Lowe just got knocked out. I I feel like he didn't let his hands go enough that second round and probably the corner told him, "Listen, you got to let your hands go." I like that little step back And not too much but but that little step back could keep you out of distance. I just heard a a good reminder from Biggs's corner with his trainer Justin O'Leary that they're telling him in other words, don't reach. They're telling him, "Don't punch when you're too far away." That's what Palmer Lowe's obviously waiting for. You see Palmer Lowe kind of pawing at the guard of Dylan Biggs. Again, to your point, Barry, trying to get do anything to get him out of that instruction. But yeah, I but I think it's going to be harder I'm going to Nice counter shot there for Palmer Lowe. Good right hook and a left hand right behind it and it looks like Biggs might be busted open as well. We'll get a closer look in a moment. There's another left hand from Palmer Lowe. He he might have found the answer here in the third. Biggs just missing with a big left hook there. 15 seconds remaining in round three. Right hand from Biggs and Palmer Lowe might be in a little BIT OF TROUBLE. I WAS AT PALMER LOWE'S CORNER. They admitted that he's a little bit off today. He doesn't get into his rhythm. They're asking him to be more active, to be just stick to one two. And then once he gets that settled, then he can use his power. But right now, they need more activity from his box. Trying to simplify things for Palmer Lowe here. Good advice. Now see He he does that with three straight punches. Nice double left HOOK ON THE INSIDE THERE FROM BIGGS. DON'T GRAB HIS HEAD, ALL RIGHT? NO more of that. The Irish amateurs do it so well. They they threw three straight punches. They start Katie Taylor does it, there you go. She boxes like an Irish amateur. They they start with the back hand. They go boom boom with straight punches. But they are moving about they but they move forward with it and then they end up on the outside of the open foot so they're almost behind you. They can spin. Dmitry Bivol does that as well. Good inside work here from Biggs. Sneaky uppercut there again popping the head back of Palmer Lowe. Fires back with a good left hand. Palmer Lowe means business now. He said, "I need to turn this fight around." Biggs Palmer Lowe's as well. Round six now underway. There Palmer Lowe comes out firing with that left hand. More and more it feels imperative that Palmer Lowe start to take more risks. If the scorecards look at the way that we suspect they will should we get to the end of round six. Trading body shots on the inside. Nice right hook there FROM PALMER LOWE. GETTING A little frustrated here. Stern admonishment there. Yeah, the referee can't go for stuff like that. Good uppercut there from Palmer Lowe. He did the Mike Tyson. That was Biggs. Same hand right up top. ALL RIGHT, SO IN IN HEARING THE scorecards and we now have them in our hands, a 59-54 on three scorecards for Dylan Biggs, 60-53 on the other and 58-55. In other words, Palmer Lowe would need a knockdowns or a knockout TO WIN THIS FIGHT AND HE IS GUNNING FOR ONE. And the spring in the legs of Palmer Lowe just doesn't seem to be there. The the fluidity that we had seen in earlier fights doesn't seem to be here. And obviously, a lot of that has to do with Dylan Biggs but again, his corner admitted to Claudia earlier tonight, "Hey, this is it's a bit of an off night for Palmer Lowe at the same time." It is but I think you know you got to got I think all the threatening with the southpaw jab and the way you move people react and I don't think Biggs reacts cuz he just always keeps those hands at the head to the side. You know, he doesn't lose that structure. Definitely don't want to take any credit away from Biggs. He's just fighting a great &gt;&gt; Fantastic fight. Double left hand on the inside there from Biggs. 30 seconds. I think Biggs has been almost flawless tonight. Yeah, this is a fantastic night body shot there from Biggs and it's Palmer Lowe WHO'S HURT IN THE FINAL ROUND. DEEP BREATH FOR PALMER LOWE. GOT his hands down trying to block those hooks. As he watches his TOURNAMENT DREAMS TICK AWAY. What a performance from the Boa Desert Storm. All for the winner by unanimous decision and now the Riyadh Season WBC Boxing Grand Prix middleweight CHAMPION DYLAN BOA DESERT STORM BIGGS.