Kind: captions Language: en really excited about this one. &gt;&gt; Chief seconds trunks are a little high, so everything on the belt line, I won't consider a low blow. From down here, I will consider it low blow. Both of you received your instructions in the dressing room. This is a title fight, a world title fight. I need you to to respect the IBF title and have a fair blow, a fair fight and respect me and my commands all the time. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; But Juran is one of the heaviest hand women I have ever seen. &gt;&gt; Ferrero getting her jab, bumping out from center ring early. That's got to be the right tactics against this wild swinging who has really exploded onto the scene. the 30year-old from Istanbul. Both of these women undefeated is a cracking class. &gt;&gt; It's the speed of foot that's frustrating to her hand in these early stages. She's have to be a lot sharper with her feet just gliding in and out of range very freely at the minute. I think Ferrer definitely respect. THAT'S THE RIGHT HAND. THE DANGER SHOT FROM THE CORNER. 20 SECONDS LEFT IN THE FIRST ROUND. THIS ONE HAS BEEN COUNTED down twice. That is a serious knockdown. 10 to go. Can you get through the power? Oh, she ran out of time. Finishing out another 30 seconds. I think Ferrer might have lost her title. &gt;&gt; Right hand straight on the chin. [music] Left hook as well on the way down. That was a definite knockdown. I don't know how that wasn't scored out. &gt;&gt; Do you know what she's done so well? She takes her head off the line. [music] She really slings it over to the left. Look at that. Ferrer trying to keep things back under control. She's got the boxing ability. Ferrer, we've seen it now. The jab and the camera is absolutely key here. Look at this. This is territory been here. Never felt like she's this strong. She's usually the bully in the ring. THE BEAST FROM BRAZIL IS UNDER FIRE. is such a dangerous rep weapon from Turan looking to take the head off. You know what she could do? She could when she throws that overhand right like you said there then sticking a left to the body cuz her head's so far over to that left hand side she's in the position to throw that TO THE HEAT. She's going to be SLIPPING AWAY. THIS IS THE OPPORTUNITY. And the referee [music] is waving it off. And it is an amazing night for the woman from Turkey. The challenger Ellie Nur Turret is the new IBF lightweight champion. too powerful, too strong. She's 12 and0. Another knock out of Beatric Ferrer is beaten for the first time as a pro and [music] stopped. And that power, Sunny, I just you just haven't seen anything like that in the women's game. &gt;&gt; And you can tell that Forever was not used to [music] it. But what about this by Adam? Talk about power. No inway and excitement. It's all happening. [music] Ring 59 of the samurai don't miss that live on the zone December the 27th but what about elite she just would not [music] be denied I don't know what's more frightening the way she finished the fight or the way she's just in the corner there not even celebrating like she knew that was going to happen &gt;&gt; and it was the same against Sha Brown as soon as she knocked her out she came that one the one smidge of emotion came on her face &gt;&gt; she pulled her trainer out the way at the beginning of that round She went and stopped Ferrer. She's a world champion and she is cool as ice in the corner here. It's many congratulations. You can tell she's used to being able to throw back. Ferrar's used to be able to get backed up in the corner when it rarely happens. And she's able to throw back, tough out, hurt the person back. The hands went and she got caught clean. We have a new star attraction in women's boxing and her name is Elite [music] Mure Turan from East Beatress Ferrer is knocked out here.