Kind: captions Language: en People describe you as one of the most avoided heavyweights. Do you feel that's true? Are other fighters avoiding fighting you? &gt;&gt; With this style and this motor, Cabela looks to be a headache for anybody in the heavyweight division. The body shot again. &gt;&gt; Gabriel is bullying the monster. Now, &gt;&gt; it's the [cheering] body shots that are undoing him. A celebrating. IT'S [cheering] DONE. IT'S DONE. &gt;&gt; WHAT A STATEMENT. the most impressive win of his career so far. &gt;&gt; Before the weird season, I fight fight in Germany only for four or 5,000 people, you know, and now I come back. I sell out the arena in five six days. 12,000 people come in my in the arena. When I fight with all three guys, I was all fight. I'm the underdog, you know. I think now I'm on the map always. I think I believe in myself you know and I'm hard worker you know every fights you bring more you know you will make a the best um vision in yourself you know and every training you come level up level up level up I think every fights bring you more you are better than before motivation is good you know but [music] I think in one month two months the motivation is not for for the long time I think So everything is discipline you know and I have a discipline. I hope one time I will be a one champ a world champion you know. This is my dream. I train very hard. I train for my for for [music] my dream and uh this is yeah this is a cab. I think &gt;&gt; my my coach is my like like my second father. You know he see everything what I make. You know when you see I make everything perfect and he not talk so much. But when he see I make uh in this in the sparring time we have a big problems but uh in the in the condition and um and the muscle training you know I train hard [music] uh and everything is fine. Hard work, smart work, discipline. [music] This is you know this is u my focus my mentality. 26 fights was everything fine. Why not? Why I will change you know everything is perfect. I never lose. It's good. First about Damian Cleber, you know, [music] this is the first step and after why not the world title shot, huh? Whoever for me is no problem. I fight everyone, you know. For me, it's no problem. The first fight is in January. We have a long time in the year. For for the second fight, I I fight in the year three times. For me, it's no problem. I like fights. I train for this. This is my life. The situation is not easy. You know the not they give me the name. He say cabel is the boogeyman in the heavyweight division. Huh? All guys in the heavyweight division will not fight with me. But uh give the belt and now is WBO champion Fabio Wley and uh we will see after my next fight what is the situation you know but first about I fight with Damian after my fight maybe we will see what come in the future. Now my motivation is my my family, my daughter. You know, this is the one of the biggest motivation right now. And uh I I think I I make everything for my family. Every fights I go in this same situation, you know. I go in the ring, I give my best performance, I fight for my fans, you know, this is uh the best thing what I can make, you know. And uh no, I have no pressure. The fans will say this, where is Cabay? Look in the rankings, you know, I had to say myself, I'm I'm the biggest fighter. I'm good. You know, the fans will say Cabela is good or he's not good. &gt;&gt; ALEX [cheering] CAN BE CROWNED RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW. HE IS UNDISPUTED. [cheering] Time &gt;&gt; I think you know this is this is the best fight for [music] me. You know, I think of also for the fans. I say this more time. And we have so much Ukrainian people in Germany. It's easy. We sell out the tickets in one week. You know, we can go to the stadium, the biggest stadium in uh in Germany. I have a big community also here. And why not? I think for the fans, this is the the biggest matchup right now. But yeah, first about Damian and after we can talk.