Kind: captions Language: en The takeover. &gt;&gt; I'm going to show everyone that his defense is not as immaculate [music] like they say it is. Everyone's going to be cheering, roaring. The crowd's going to go bazooka. My job is to show the world [music] that can't nobody beat me. When it comes to when it comes to it, like boxing is pretty much all mentality. It's all mental. Are you mentally prepared with the audience? Are you mentally going to be prepared with [music] the certain punches selection? There's things that I have to maintain as well. [music] Those are things that I have to work on within myself. It's a muscle. Think of it like condiments, right? You got your ketchup, you got your mustard, you got all these type of condiments, but you don't know if you like it or not unless you try it. And I think the same thing applies when it comes to getting prepared [music] for certain things like this. Pretty much you have to try different things, different steps, different routines, different ways to see what really fits and works for you. And if they all fit and work for you, when is the right time to apply them? And it's a muscle memory that you have to create. Now, if you don't create now, it can harm you the day of the fight. The mentality part of it is going to really be the key &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; key moment for who wins that night. I'm that type of person, truly, that type of person that it that focuses on being perfect. Especially when I'm so passionate at what I found that I'm really good at. So, when that doesn't come to play, when I have my biggest supporter and my biggest critic at the same time see me not perform to that excellence that I am [music] expecting out of myself as well, of course I ran away. I ran away a lot of times. I didn't want them to see my face. Cuz I was disgusted within myself. There was a There was something within me that I hated. Parts of it still comes back and forth even at this age of 28, but I don't run away. I I embrace it now. I mean, we were stablemates, me and Shakur. Top right. He talks about this and that and about um I was jealous of him. No, you were a 2016 USA silver medalist. You're going to get your signing bonus and all that extra stuff. Thing was they were trying to secure him in a different route cuz they had put a lot of money in him. Me, I think I was just supposed to be a an opponent eventually. Now we're back. This plan is against me. Absolutely. But I think that those that are &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I think those that have the billions and have powers on here on Earth, I think they have high hopes for me. I do. I think I think rightfully so. I think they have high hopes for me. Coming to terms with not caring with Shakur and what he's thinking about with me. And you know, the craziest part of it all is that people say I perform best when I when people underestimate me. Although partially it could be true, I think that I've just always had it in me. Um I guess it's just birth and when I believe it and when I don't. God willing, you know, with time I could rewrite that that narrative about myself. Now Shakur's stepping up because he got nobody else to go after. He's stepping up to try to prove a point. You know, his big bro, aka Terence Bud Crawford, you know, put a huge upset and made a historical moment in time for the sport of boxing and changed it by beating Canelo Alvarez to become the super undisputed super middleweight world champion. So, I think that um I think those things like that make Shakur want to step up to plate, step up to the challenge and face Teofimo. Who is I? So, [music] I'm going to show everyone that his defense is not as immaculate like they say it is. That's my job. My job is to show the true flaws that they can't see, that the world [music] cannot see. My job is to show the world that can't nobody beat me. And I make it look pretty. And it's going to be much prettier when I see him laid out flat. Boxing is the pinnacle of surprises. Boxing has that one punch changes the whole fight. You know, they can have a game plan, but like Mike Tyson once said, you know, everyone has a game plan till they get punched in the face. So, uh we'll just see. So, I'm excited. I think the fight fans and everyone around the world of boxing should tune in on this. Even if you're not just in combat alone. I think this is a great moment right now.