Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Look at this setting. And what a fight that awaits us in the 12 stone 7 division. The undefeated Ezra Taylor trained by Malik Scott who just bolted over the top rope here been locked away in America. And Willie Hutchinson, four years younger, can't believe he's still just 27. Right. Well, as you expect from your ball, your burn instructions all times when I take a break, your ball break clean. Switch gloves. All the best. Maybe the fight on this magnificent seven card which has had most debating. Plenty of needle and uncertainty ahead of this. A quiet prayer in the blue corner for the 31-year-old Ezra Taylor representing Noddingham. 14th fight. He's had a t-shirt all week saying 14 and0. Will it be? Or will Hutchinson surprise him like that with a sharp left hand? He's clever. He looked really good last time out. He's guided by Shelley Finkele and he's settling well here. Yeah, very confident, isn't he? Slipping and sliding. Look at that left hook inside the jab of Ezra Taylor who watches out a nice compact guard and his power in both hands. manages fights really well but at a lower level than this shot from Ezra Taylor early has got that lovely jab cameos of class that we've seen but Hutchinson is very good when he wants to be was a brilliant amateur as he switches up yeah and this is going to be something that that Taylor hasn't really seen too much of in terms of will he's flamboyant and where he throws his shot from you know switch hitting and offer to Taylor when he's on the front. He backs onto the ropes. Look at that left foot go try and get through that right arm of Hutchinson. Didn't see him in that test against Louis, didn't he? Look at that. He did. He did. He managed that fight really well, didn't he? Went through the gears when he needed to. Took the shots nicely. Lovely body there, but he's got to be careful with that. Unbelievable shot really nicely picked through in the second round with a great shot from he shots out nice to see him put the right hand on the end of the shot but also see just in behind that jab a bit more for off the Look at him hands down elected to go south ball back and forth deep into his amateur armory. This is excellent from Willie Hutch. Taylor very close with the combination hand of Hutchinson with reflexes work. He's great. Yeah, it does. But obviously it gives the opponent opportunity to land but I don't mind fighters with reflexes. the hard feel a little bit better when they're shooting off the way rather than coming straight over the shoulder. Talk about the confidence speaking to at the end of last year and conversation really believes this is his part. He believes that he's destined to go a long way in this sport. If you if you're stiff and tight against a dream for him, but as a bit of a dream for Willie Hutchinson when he got a phone call from Shelink who's over there in the front row, the man who's guided the likes of Holyfield, Mike Tyson involved with the clinch goes and of course Deontay Wild as longterm manager. He's got a busy week, shall he? &gt;&gt; He's got to be aggressive on the front foot. that that jab into the chest of Woody Hutchinson. Then you can work back upstairs. As I say, he switches a lot, doesn't he? When you're switching, you you square for an ever so slight seconds, then you stab in and go upstairs. So, bit more force on the front foot from Taylor. You can move on when he does. There's Fabio. He doesn't get the front saer seat next to Fred Warren. He's going to work with us very well. He's excellent. Willie Hutchinson I think at times here tonight get frustrated. He's been working very hard thinking of the corner. He's got to get a lot closer to see if he's going to leave that. You're right. You get that by using your feet more aggressively. Use your head side to side jab into the body. But then go again. Single attack is not enough. There's an opportunity here just to sort of bend the knees and turn the the hips into a hook and it counts for two different sports but the experience certainly counted well he was with a much better arate than I was that's for sure digging in with the right hand and the jab is a bit more urgent See now deep into the eighth round. This is where he can express himself. So much confidence naturally. That flare has always been there. That's a great linear expressing himself. We've heard all the interviews and the way his mind wonders at times, but in the ring he's switched on. He's focused and he's lost it. He's at home. What do he does so well? He always trying to get back to the center of the ring. He always allows space behind him that allows him just to get out of range every time to attack. He reads a fight so well so comfortable. as well. Remember, he's got many knockouts, too. I think he's burning really classy performance tonight as Taylor's still got time and he's got power. Really taking a fight to it now. Planting his feet a bit more. a lovely throw as he had a nice rhyme. He's had everything done way through large parts of this contest. The speed, not just with the hands, the reaction, the feet. He's a bag of tricks putting the punish on as well. Right at the end, looking at the cameras, the old tricks, the natural ability of Willie Hutchinson at 27 is a threat in this world heavyweight division. There's a five by K9 by &gt;&gt; Judge Ben Kovatch scores it 99 to 91 and both judges Steve Gray and Jean Dober Lane are in agreement. They both scored the same 98 to 92. All for your winner by unanimous decision. And now the WBA Continental and WBO Global Light Heavyweight Champion, WILLIE THE HUNCH TRADE HUTCHINSON. Unanimous and wide. A beautiful picture painted on this boxing canvas by Willie Hutchinson, proving his quality at 27.