Kind: captions Language: en the two highlevel boxers in our opening contest as we take a look at the tail of the tape. Now you see the height on your screen. However, we are of the belief that 5T is not an accurate measurement for Julian Luna based on what we saw during the staredowns and you also see Luna much longer than Sky Nicholson as well. So Nicholson at an a disadvantage when it comes to the measurables in this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, nothing below here. Nothing below here. Want to search clubs? Do it now. God bless. &gt;&gt; Two former world champions in our opening contest with implications on the world scene. Sky Nicholson now down at a new weight. But as we said, feels stronger and more aggressive tonight taking on Julian Luna who specializes in suppressing aggression to tricky operators here in our opening contest. And we are underway here in Stockton. This one scheduled for 10 two-minute rounds. &gt;&gt; You know, Cory, far be it for me to criticize my friend Gray Johnson over at Box Wreck, but uh I don't think Luna is 5T tall. &gt;&gt; I was about to say that they are almost evenly matched as far as height. No five and a half uh size disadvantage there because Kovita is actually eye level with be aggressive. Nicholson could be aggressive with that jab, that long jab. She just needs to pick it up because it's always coming from the hips. So, if she can pick up that jab and start doubling and tripling the way in, that's how she uses her her height and reach advantage. &gt;&gt; Snappy jab there from Nicholson a moment ago. Just landed a couple to the body as Luna falls short with that right hand. &gt;&gt; Sugar Landon had that laser like focus with the eyes. He always liked looking at his opponent's eyes. And from there, he could see the the the twitch, the the fainting, the speed, everything off the eyes. &gt;&gt; Taking a couple steps forward here. &gt;&gt; Heard her corner telling her she needs to find a route to the body of Sky Nicholson. And there are kind of two versions of Luna in fights. There's the one that likes to to kind of muck it up, make it messy on the inside sometimes, uh maybe outside of the boundaries of of the rules. And then there's this long range version of Luna as well. &gt;&gt; Similar uh combinations that Brown, but she needs to break that distance. In order to break that distance and that long reach of Nicholson, she needs to make it stop and break that distance, jab into the body. &gt;&gt; Got caught with a nice counter left hand there in the final 10 seconds trying to lunge in as we head back to the corners. Sky Nicholson is the much sharper counter puncher. &gt;&gt; Round three now underway. There's that same shot. This time landing to the body. The left hand there from Nicholson. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's almost like establishing a bit of a force field, Sergio. You're giving Luna something to worry about at all times if especially if she wants to try to get to the inside like that. &gt;&gt; There it is. And you keep checking her with that punch and you keep using that advantage of a south pole. Moving to moving to her left, moving to Luna's left. See, you see Luna throw that double jab, but she didn't throw the right hand behind it. &gt;&gt; They want double right hands, but she's not going to be able to be comfortable and let go. Double right hand. She can't even throw the first one. There's a right hand connecting from Luna, but there was a wicked left hand to the body from Sky Nicholson in the final 15 seconds as well. Good action as we head back to the corners. &gt;&gt; See the punch totals through three rounds. Dead even in terms of punches landed. And Luna a little busier as well. But that is a beautiful check hook from Sky Nicholson. &gt;&gt; That check hook's been landing over and over and over and it's keeping Luna at bay. &gt;&gt; Little counter shot again to the body there from Nicholson. Little footwork problem and a smile from Luna who gets blasted with another left hand. &gt;&gt; Nicholson is loading up on punches and you could tell that she feels stronger at one at this weight at this weight class because at at 122 she's really believing in her power. It was funny because she was an Olympian at 126 lbs. Spot fought in the amateurs at 126. She just assumed that 126 would be her best pro weight, but after the Tiara Brown fight, she figured out she could drop down to 122. Even telling us this week if there's a big fight at 118, I can make 118 lbs as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Nicholson told us she ate 1,800 calories the day before the weighin, which means you're making it pretty comfortably. And it is looking pretty comfortable for Nicholson right now. places another left hand to the body of Luna. &gt;&gt; You can see the confidence abundant on the face of Nicholson as Luna &gt;&gt; on the bell ladies &gt;&gt; tries to get involved there with her left hand. That's the shot that she needs to do. Luna needs to avoid going jab for jab with Nicholson. She needs to start leading with a left hook and winging her shots over the top. &gt;&gt; We take a look at the power punches thrown and landed through six rounds. As you see Nicholson outlanding Luna 28-6 and throwing her 63 to 51 as well. &gt;&gt; And those are the eyecatching shots that I was talking about. Lun land some decent jabs using that straight left hand. But all these power shots. Another check hook there from Sky Nicholson. Lew every time she's throwing that straight left. Sty Sky stepping to her right and throwing that short hook and throwing that left hand to the belly. And Nicholson's coming off a a body shot TKO. If she keeps landing shots on Luna clean like that, Luna's bound to the field. It's like a dance. You're always dancing, going in circles with the Cubic the Cub always had the advantage, especially if you had the long huge left hand from Nicholson loading up with that left hand. And that will be the final word of the round. Nicholson sharp right now. &gt;&gt; 15 seconds of the round as Nicholson just continues to lead the dance here. Ronnie Luna into another check hook. Target practice for Nicholson with that right hand. &gt;&gt; Another left hand right down the pipe. &gt;&gt; Two to go here in our opener. You see Nicholson continuing to threaten WITH THAT LEAD HAND. There it is. But a nice right hand from Krito Luna. A little disappointing Sergio that we're not seeing Luna kind of throw caution to the win here. She has to know she's down on the scorecard. This is kind of a once in a lifetime opportunity for her to be in a fight like &gt;&gt; Yeah, she got controlled by that that lead right jab. the entire night. She didn't even try to move her head trying to trying to get physical, trying to really rough up, you know, Scott Nicholson. That's what you need to do when you're falling behind on point. You need to get rough and back her up back is going to step back, but get her going backwards and start roughing her up against the ropes. &gt;&gt; Getting a couple opportunities in close there missed. She could have thrown a straight left hand from those south there and get something going. And really, Sergio, this is as Nicholson lands another left hand to the body. What we've seen from Nicholson throughout her career, with the exception of the Tiara Brown fight. Prior to that fight, Nicholson had lost six rounds on judges individual scorecards total in her world title fight. So, guys, &gt;&gt; is how her fights often play out. &gt;&gt; It's disappointing because she's a world champion level. Final 20 seconds of the round as Nicholson pops the head of Luna back with that left hand. &gt;&gt; Luna actually looking to engage less in this round. Moving back a little bit. Nicholson coming after her in the final 10 seconds of a dominant performance here in California. Guy Nicholson dominated a two division world champion in Luna. &gt;&gt; Luna's excited cheering, but I don't know what what exactly she's feeling or seeing because this was all significant. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of action here in Stockton, we go to the judges score totals. Mark Ly and Ray Dan Secco scored about 9892. Karen Holderfield scores it about 9793. All three for your winner by unanimous decision. And the new WBC interim super bantamweight champion, Sky Nicholson.