Kind: captions Language: en I'm an entertainer, bro. You know I entertain. This my job. &gt;&gt; Derek wares. &gt;&gt; Don't believe they're on the edge of your seat. Get your popcorn ready. &gt;&gt; The bronze bomber. We &gt;&gt; been waiting on y'all. &gt;&gt; Hello. How are you? &gt;&gt; Camp is done. I think this is the hardest part of it now because you have to not not trying to do so much but do less to just save your energy and know just pick your battles. The energy in camp is u is high. It's intense. I've said before a healed wilder is a dangerous wilder did less rounds than me cuz he knocked everybody out. I got the miles in it. So, um, don't know. It's, uh, I think the penny will drop more on on on Friday after the weighing, you know, cuz I've been lost on the scales and stuff like that. Two wars me at this day is just I mean, you only can, you know, you only can wait and see on Saturday night. This is something that you just have to witness and see for yourself. It's going to be amazing. It's going to be powerful. And there are two warriors with two different mindsets. One is looking to retire, but the other one looking to to go further on. So, we shall see what that what the outcome may be. You know, I'm looking to get him out of weight. &gt;&gt; How would you describe? &gt;&gt; I am very excited, but it's quite sad at the same time because I never go back there. When I'm an entertainer, I'll be going in to watch somebody else. &gt;&gt; I got the right opponent. I'm in the right location, you know. I'm in the right place, you know. I I don't feel no man. I don't feel the territory that I'm in. It only makes me stronger. I've been here so many times. It almost feel like home for me, you know. I have I have brothers over here as well. I got guys that are run through walls for me over here. Just right here. I'm an entertainer, bro. You know, I entertain. It's my job. Everything is about entertainment from the get go. When I leave my house, when I get to the stadium, you know what's the song? You know, it's entertainment. It's uh it's my show. You know, making money is hard these days. You know, you know, spending, you know, £50,60 or £200 on the ticket, it's quite difficult. So, when people come and they have the value, the good value for money and they go home, I'm happy with that, you know. So, when people say favorite or non-favored, for me, it don't really matter. I think I look back in two years time. No, no. Outside of just trying to try and get things going. Just trying to fight and be okay. I've said before he Wilder is a a dangerous Wilder. So, you know, we're looking to be dangerous on Saturday night and ready to go. You know, the uh ring is going to be filled with two warriors filled with rage and passion. And uh with that being said, it's going to be a war. I understand why he got into boxing cuz of his daughter was very sick. Was very sick since now. Now she's 21. You know, he's done very well for his beautiful daughter and for his all other kids. He said he wants to have more kids. You know, you get to know men when when they down right now. But it's um it's been cool. &gt;&gt; I got into this business not really understanding what I would get myself into, but you know, I risk my life to save a life. that was with my daughter that was born respon. So whatever came with it, I was willing, ready and able to accept and as I have and here we are on the fifth year fight and we're still going. So you know I'm a true warrior. I have a warrior spirit, a warrior mentality, a warrior mindset. So it's part of the business and whatever comes with it come with it. This is what we sign up to do. You know, it's like a marriage to death do us part. &gt;&gt; Came in United Kingdom when I was 16. the Millennium Time 2000. Um, I lived in Cricwood, moved from Cricketwood to Hamstead, became a boxer, became Dellboy cuz I didn't know anything about fools and horses. You guys booed me the first time you heard about me and those boos tending to cheers. So, thank you very much. I really appreciate you guys. May God bless us all with this terrible things happening in the world right now. And I hope I entertain you for my last. Now everyone watching on Saturday night, don't blink. Stay on the edge of your seat. Get your popcorn ready. Get your pizza. Get your wings. Whatever your favorite dish. Get it all prepared and ready. But by the time we come out because mistake, that'll be it. Then you don't want to be the one to say what happened when you could have been there and prepared and ready to witness greatness happen before the resurrection of Jesus.