Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Okay Ben, if a cold break expect to take one step back pass no punches around the back of the head. No goal part. Okay. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Steve Gray the dual linguist. We had that last night as well. Our referees learning the languages. 12th pro outing for the former amateur starlet Ben Whitaker. Major sporting attraction, &gt;&gt; but beginning at 28 to get more serious. And is this a serious test against Brian Suarez, the 34 year old from Buenos Aeres who's in fight number 26. He's won 21 of them. Some big wins early, some big wins late, but he has been stopped early himself. What will Whitaker do coming off Darren those quick victories of late? &gt;&gt; Well, I tell you what, he's grabbed this fight by the scruff of the neck straight in the center of the ring. Working behind a shark jab, looking to counter with the right hand. Very, very positive. It's about Suarez now. How does he deal with this hand speed? How can he land these heavy shots? That's a lovely right hook again from Whitaker. &gt;&gt; Yeah, beautifully precise. the surgeon. What a a nickname. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And straight out the blocks, just like Darren said, you could see the intent to sort of be the man in the fight for Whitaker. Edging back a little bit more now, but finding the lead hand regularly in the first minute of the first round. &gt;&gt; And Suarez finding fresh air. He was a mile away with that hook as he got the leg still in his mid30s to be able to deal with the speed and class of Whitaker. Of course, struck Olympic silver. He was devastated not to get gold. But will he get a golden world title at some point? It's a very very contested 12 stone 7 division. But look at him here. Look at the intelligence. Really good use of that lead hand, head, body softening up Suarez. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, the issue for Suare is not only does he have to worry about the hand speed and the placement, the accuracy of Whitaker's shots, is the lack of hand speed that he has. And when you you're a sharp shooter, a good counter puncher like Whitaker is, that will be your downfall. And I think it's more the heaviness of his feet gets him in problem slow. He's throwing shots there that aren't, you know, necessarily slow, but because he's leaving his feet behind, he's giving enough time and enough space for Ben to just, you know, lean back, take away the danger. Nice body shots, though. &gt;&gt; The opportunity beginning TO SEND OUT A COUPLE OF DISTRESS SIGNALS. AND NOW HE'S IN big distress. A right hand HAS LAID HIM OUT HERE IN THE FIRST ROUND. IT'S ANOTHER VICTORY FOR BEN WHITAKER INSIDE THREE MINUTES. TWO IN A ROW AND BEN sizzles on Mercy side. It was precise. It was beautiful. And once again, he feels he's the man TO CHANGE BOXING. WE'RE all watching it. Ah, without a shadow of a doubt with performances like that backed up again, who's not going to want to watch him? You know, he's a character outside and in the ring. And that that was very, very good. The way he's thrown that shot, complaining it was at the back of the head. From where I was sat in real time, it looked like it was the side of the head. He was hurt by a body shot, wasn't he? He was sending out a couple of signals to the referee and he walked into that heavy punch and he was never getting up. &gt;&gt; It's as soon as he changed the pace, as soon as he burst, he went from touching nice and relaxed. the moment that he changed it. Look, he touches there, catches a nice right hook over the side, targets the body, and then there &gt;&gt; absolutely fine. &gt;&gt; But it was on the side of his head. A very similar shot to what we see then what he could get Liam Cameron out with. And yes, okay, some people the corner, the red corner especially, they're complaining right now, pointing, watching the replay, they're complaining about the the the placement of the shot, but as long as you're getting away with it, you keep telling your fighter, keep throwing it. Right, I'll tell you now, right, the the objective, the main objective this evening was to win at all cost, get the job done in which is a test against a heavy hit in Argentinian. But what he's done there is he's looked fantastic. He's looked brutal, hurtful. You know, this is how you generate a shot was behind the Darren. The shot was behind it. Devil's advocate the shot was. Now, don't get me wrong, I don't think Suarez was innocent. I think he half turned away as the shot come in and hence why it landed there. Perfect for you. &gt;&gt; I I I think it was definitely a knockout. I think it was definitely the right decision. But I do think it was in a area where you can see why the red corner Suarez is going home feeling a bit hard done by. Let's be real. But I've seen it since he's been with Andy Lee. He targets that area. Ben Whitaker targets that high temple around the side of the guard area and he had so much success doing it. &gt;&gt; And in less than 3 minutes, we saw a super jab. We saw body shots. We saw some swagger from him, didn't we, as well? And then the finish. So, there was something in that first round that shows the whole arsenal of Whitaker, not just a right-handed finisher. &gt;&gt; No, I think he's a very, very complete fighter. Look at Look, he's there. He's over there in the commentary and another great performance. &gt;&gt; HE'S COMING OVER TO TELL US DON'T BLINK. Don't blink for Wley Devoir included in the zone. Ultimate May the 9th in Manchester, but it's all about Liverpool tonight. Molly McCann Sean and Ben Whitaker was the surgeon that he said &gt;&gt; he would be tonight. He said he'd cut up the steak and he left him laid out on the canvas. &gt;&gt; Yeah, high level intelligence there is what we've seen. It was a lovely shot. I I don't think there's any issue there. If I'm throwing a hook or a hook's coming my way, I'm going to expect it to hit around that area, you know, and when you're throwing it, like you say, he targets that area, but what he's done there was special tick. It's a big box there. &gt;&gt; And it's a string of knockout wins as well. People were questioning his power. That's obviously improving under Andy Lee, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that sharpness and the timing and the range. He has all of them in abundance. So, he doesn't need the power to hurt his opponent. It's all smiles for Ben Whitaker. Let's make it official. David, &gt;&gt; ladies and gentlemen, referee Steve Gray reaches the count of 10 at 2 minutes and 24 seconds of round number one, declaring your winner by knockout. He's still undefeated. The surgeon Ben Whitaker. &gt;&gt; The curse is real. Let the mummification ritual begin. &gt;&gt; Now playing, can you escape? &gt;&gt; Don't worry, it's fine to be dead. &gt;&gt; CREWMAN'S The Mummy. Red R.