Kind: captions Language: en Who you going to talk to first? Let's hear from both of them. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Todd. Frank, 9595 felt pretty fair sitting scorecard. Did you I'm sitting at ringside. Did you think you did enough to win the fight? &gt;&gt; Oh, man. I could have did a lot better. You know, I I I feel like there's some things that I seen in there when I was in the ring that I wasn't capitalized off of. Uh he actually awkward like good fighter. You know, he's strong. He got like his movement is a little difficult. So, I see why, you know what I'm saying? uh he didn't gave guys uh problems in there in the ring with his awkwardness and you know he got he got some pop on his punches too. So I give him his credit for going out and uh showing me you know what I didn't what I didn't think he was going to bring. He brought a better side of him than I thought. &gt;&gt; You gave him credit during the fight week for being a tough guy. Did he bring a little bit more than that in the ring tonight? &gt;&gt; No. You know, I knew he was going to be tough. You know, uh I seen things that I knew I could have capitalized off of, but you know, he he he threw a little different uh stuff in the mix today. So, uh, you know, we prepared for certain things and it it was some things that, uh, he threw the night that I didn't expect. So, you know, it it made the fight a lot more challenging what I thought it would be. &gt;&gt; You surged back in that ninth round, had a great ninth round, and then the 10th round, you got clipped early on. How hurt were you in that moment? How did that change the rest of the fight? &gt;&gt; Um, it was cool, you know, once I got hit with the shot, I just grabbed, you know what I mean? Like just just grab, you know, try to turn him and just move around and catch him with shots while I was on the move. But uh he kept coming, you know. So uh you know, he put up a good fight. You know, he a tough opponent. I take my hat off to him. And uh if we could go at it again, you know, I'm willing to go at it again for a rematch. You know what I'm saying? All respect to you, Albert. &gt;&gt; That was a pretty good fight. Do you think it does deserve to be run back? &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz what do y'all think? Y'all Y'all think y'all want a run back? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. I appreciate it, Frank. I hear &gt;&gt; you get the draw. Uh, did you think you did enough to win the fight? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. I thought I pulled it off. Uh, it was a great competitive fight. I expected a war. I was and um I was prepared for a war and that's what it was tonight. &gt;&gt; Fifth and sixth rounds looked like Frank started to get into a bit of a groove there, but then the seventh and eighth you sort of changed the tide. What adjustments did you make in the second half of the fight? &gt;&gt; Uh, my coach told me if I don't pick it up, then we came here for nothing. And I wasn't trying to come here for nothing. So, I picked it up and I thought about my daughter back home and I just gave him my all. &gt;&gt; Walk me through the 10th round. You landed a big shot, hurt him early, weren't a You kind of had a collision there to landed on the floor and then seemed to keep losing your mouth guard there for entirety of that round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. If my mouthpiece ain't fall out, y'all know what happened. But it was a great fight and um I think we should run it back. And um I want to say Gia, I love you. Daddy put on a show for us. And um hey, we going we going to come back stronger. &gt;&gt; All right. Appreciate the effort to hear. &gt;&gt; All right. For sure. Wait, I want to sing a song real quick. How do I say goodbye to what we have? a good time that made us away the best. Good fight and a performance, guys. I