Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. Looks good, doesn't it? The co-op live fast becoming the go-to venue for boxing. Not just boxing, for entertainment. The Mobos were here a few days ago and we're here for Magnificent 7 headlined, but the rearrange Magnificent 7 showdown between Italma and Franklin. A great undercard and the main event we've been speaking about for a long time. for Mosa Town maybe a couple of years. Everyone's been saying Germaine Franklin. He gets to fight Germaine Franklin tonight who caused so much problems for Dillian White and Anthony Joshua. That's your main event. And what a cracking start here at lightweight. Michael Gomez Jr. and Jordan Flynn. Okay guys, spoke to you both in the dressing room. We both know you expect. Keep it clean. Great straight away when told. Both of you watch your heads in close. Good luck to you both. Touch glove. being caught in the Gomez tra to the head. This is really good action and he's all over the place. SO GREAT TO GO AGAIN in three rounds. Who's next? &gt;&gt; All action tonight and very excited about this one. It's Murphy and Holmes. &gt;&gt; Okay guys, spoke to you both in the dressing room. You both know how I expect. Keep it clean. Break straight away when told. Both of you are watching Eds in close. Good luck to you both. touch shooting out that chair. Well, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's lining up well considering he's a much shaper with 40 seconds to go in the first. There's a couple of temple shots that went in as well and he's trying AND HE'S KNOCKED DOWN AND HE MAY NOT RECOVER FROM THAT. 18 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK. HOWARD FOSTER WILL GIVE HIM EVERY CHANCE. THE BELL MAYBE NEEDED TO SAVE HIM. HERE COMES Josh Hans. An uppercut. WHAT A DRAMATIC FIRST ROUND. AND MURPHY TRIES TO FIGHT BACK on the flavor. HE'S GONE AND HE CAN'T RECOVER FROM THAT. &gt;&gt; TWO TIMES HE'S HIT THE FACE. THIS IS MUCH HEAVIER. BUT JOSH HAS SURELY WON THIS FIGHT IN HIS WAY. And that is one of the most incredible 3 minutes of boxing. You will see. Liam Davis is a really good fighter from the Midlands and he's in with the hardened tough Italian. Hey guys, European Boxing Unit Championship. Ready? Be careful with the head. Back of the head, back of this is the line of the logo. Okay, touch loves. Good luck. A little bit a little bit longer to get used to his awkwardness, but he's already he did the right thing there. He put the shots and then moved around the target instead of being backed off. Oh shot and he lays flat on his back and he's going to do very WELL bravely gets TO HIS FEET. LEGS ARE DOING A dance and this is Davis's opportunity to make it three dramatic straight wins in a row on this magnificent seven to be here caught him in the eye and he went back to the red corner in distress finisher the man Telford. I'm not sure how much more Grandi can take here to rip up the script. May the best man win. And this is the best man of this European featherweight title fight. It was oneway traffic in terms of class ability. Really good performance from Liam Davis as Francesco Grandi probably rightfully is pulled out at the halfway stage. So, look at the face there. But he can be proud of himself. But I'll tell you what, Liam Davies, twotime European champion and look very good in doing so. Another one of these two, Shaquille Thompson and Brad Falls. It's a crackling matchup. It really is a test for Thompson finally. And for Falls, it's a chance to rebuild and make a name. He's the underdog going into this. &gt;&gt; Okay guys, spoke to you both in the dressing room. You both know I expect. Keep it clean. Drake break straight away when told. Both of you watch your heads in close. Good luck to you both. Touch gloves. Jab neglect from the right. And he smiles. They both do. There was something that registered there after a good round of rounds before Courageous. He's been going for it. AND NOW WE HAVE A BIG TWIST IN the point. This is unbelievable. Gra has won it. The fire and into the limelight. Ra pulls his back at 32. Never write him off. He did it against Nathan Heene. He was being out boxed pretty much from start to finish by Shaquille Thompson. Terry Stewart read the riot and Brad went and the whole Sheffield camp. Frank Warren can't believe it at rear side. Look at this setting and what a fight that awaits us in the 12 stone 7 division. Right lads, you're expecting your ball for your burn instructions all time. So I hate to break your ball break clean. Touch clubs. All the best came through. And you get a bit of confidence that two on the left of the two on the right of the bill. Great matches as this one starts to heat up in the fifth round. into a hook. He's switched off. go a beautiful Hutchinson puts on certainly a supreme display of BOXING FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN AFTER 10 rounds of boxing. We go to the judges scorecards. Judge Ben Kovatch scores it 99 to 91. And both judges Steve Gray and Jean Rober Lane are in agreement. They both score it the same 98 to 92. All for your winner by unanimous decision. And now the WBA Continental and WBO Global Light Heavyweight Champion, WILLIE THE HUNCH Trade Hutchinson. Nathan Heeney approaching his fans and there are plenty for him. 19 victories, just a one defeat and one draw. He was going to walk away. So this is massively important. But so too, what an opportunity for Jerome Warbert from Wales. Okay, gentlemen, obey my commands. In the event of a knockdown, a fight to standing will go to the furthest corner and stay there. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. CHRIS BROWN in the back foot. You can see a change in the meter in the last couple of rounds I think. Lucky not to get it over. He puts his hand off start to celebrate. He's up on his corner on the ropes. He believes he's got it. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Ben Kovatch scores it 98 to 92. And both judges Jean Dober Lane and Howard Foster scored the same 97 to 93. All for your winner by unanimous decision. And now, the WBA Continental Middleweight Champion, Jerome the bread maker, Lorbertton already 15,000 at the co-op and thousands hopefully millions of you watching out there. What happens next in this absorbing early career of Moses itma third go fellas if a cold break I expect you to take one step back don't throw deliberate punches to the back of the head protect yourselves at all times touch gloves good luck 24 victories never stop he says what can he must for eight first round wins three in the Fights don't tend to go too long as well. He did definitely hurt that left there. You can see the eyes of Franklin as well. It's first round and the tower is coming in making faster already. Beautiful shot is never stopped in a long career. He's in for his endurance and his stamina and his defense. The can keep it down. from the tower. Franklin just stranding a bit into the second round. It's must be hard work. He says keep them up but the target for downstairs that one changes the level. 20 seconds to go. Turkey with a right hand bra the American comes just like from this as quick as a flash. It's 14 and oh for Moses. It's a fifth round knockout with one beautiful shot. Are we looking at the future of this sport? &gt;&gt; LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, HERE IS THE OFFICIAL TIME. 1 minute 33 seconds of round number five. Our referee in charge, Steve Gray, waves it off. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated and still WBA International AND WBO INTERCONTINENTAL Heavyweight Champion, MOSES. &gt;&gt; They will kill you is so intense. This is all we can show. &gt;&gt; Hi. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; They will kill you. Rated R.