Kind: captions Language: en So, it should be a great night of boxing here and here's the full docket for you. Of course, the two matches that we talked about. Also, Garrett Rice Jr., a highly touted amateur taking on Charles Scott Jr. who has his own story to tell. And undefeated Sardia Simmons will be taking on Jonathan Rice, who comes in here off a threeight win streak. &gt;&gt; Touch him up, come out at the bell. But I want to see him uh get a little bit more busier in there. Now, from Jonathan Lee Rice's standpoint, this fight's going just exactly the way he wanted. &gt;&gt; Good counter punch by Simmons. And a couple more and a nice uppercut. And Rice not landing everything there, but his initial burst in the corner was effective. And only seconds remaining here in round number two. Again, a close round. Although now there's Simmons is doing some very good work. Sardia Simmons. &gt;&gt; Simmons is catching his rhythm and and starting to pick him apart from the outside with jabs and left hands and just being the smart fighter and a really good counter PUNCHER as pushing him back against the ropes. But Simmons smartly gets away. Although it ends up with a spill as he's tripped. Simmons needs to take advantage of that and, you know, hit the body. He'd rise his body, you know, he looks a little bit, &gt;&gt; like you say, flabby, overweight, you know, uh, so he needs to hit the body and then come upstairs. &gt;&gt; There's Rice trying to go downstairs. And even though Simmons right in the pocket with him, but now he's exchanging and throwing it, showing us that hand speed. That's the thing that makes Simmons a really interesting heavyweight. He throws good combinations and has really good hand speed. Rice battling back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this work is going to pay off to Simmons in the long run. You know, his last fight with Kobe Madison, as we said, ended in one minute. Uh he didn't get much of a test. He's getting some rounds here and a good game opponent. &gt;&gt; So, that'll do it for this heavyweight encounter that starts our evening off in very nice fashion. &gt;&gt; Judge D. Young scores the matchup 58 to 56. Judge Delgado scores it 59 to 55. And Judge Trella scores the matchup 58 to 56. All for your winner by unanimous decision. SARDIUS THE stone Simmons. &gt;&gt; Let's have a good clean fight, gentlemen. Come out at the bell. Touch them up. My old partner Sal Marciano used to say when a fight was starting if it had action don't go to the refrigerator. So he would have given you that advice. Smart man &gt;&gt; Rice coming forward big right hand uh lands. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Really setting the pace in this first round. Baby G. So far, I like that Rice doesn't have a lot of wasted movements. It seems like everything he's doing is compact, effective. He's only moving out the way of the punches ever so slightly. Uh he seems to be in control here using that jab. &gt;&gt; It's a busy year. Look, &gt;&gt; you want you want to stay busy like that when you're a young prospect coming up like that and uh you got to build up your record. Uh it's not a bad way to go. It's it's good to be busy in that kind of way. &gt;&gt; That's right. Baby G's also playing catch-up a little bit. There was a time where he was off uh for a year and a half uh with a layoff. He just said he had some personal things to deal with. So, uh I think that the 10 fights this year will definitely catch him back up to where he should be. They call him Baby G, but his skill set is mature. So, I'm impressed tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's had a very good performance by him on every level. So, seconds remaining in this super featherweight matchup. Garrett Rush Jr. living up to the press clippings from his great amateur career and Charles Scott Jr. coming in here and giving a a good account of himself in this fight. &gt;&gt; All three judges score this matchup 40-36 for your winner by unanimous decision promoted by Celita Promotions and win records, Garrett Baby G. Rice Jr. You both received my instructions, so you know that I expect a clean fight. Follow the rules, obey my commands, and protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. God bless you both. &gt;&gt; Boxing in circles and staying away from the ropes, staying away from the corners, and doing damage like she is right now. &gt;&gt; Big right hand there by Ver. &gt;&gt; And Ver is holding on a lot with that left arm and she's going to get a warning for it. Well, you'll see. Oh, point ded. &gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. I'm surprised by that. I didn't see a warning over here. &gt;&gt; We're heading into round five. And speaking of scorecards, let's go to Adam McDome and let's see what he has. Well, he's got this shut out for Peron Bear and Taylor Brown, the last one. And now Bear Rodriguez and Deline persona are in a active debate every two seconds. And You know, now there is a few person shows her disdain for referee Rodriguez. She's very Listen, she she said at the uh at the fighter meeting that she was concerned about how she would be treated here. She felt bad about the the situation with Taylor and everything and now is degenerated. And now Ben Rodriguez delivering a lecture to her to get in the neutral corner. And once he got this was there. &gt;&gt; All righty. Well, well, the referee's playing a major factor in this fight. &gt;&gt; One thing Persona has been unable to do is land the straight right hands from outside. And now Bennett Rodriguez warning there about Holden. And man, there's been a lot of it. So, &gt;&gt; I tell you what, it's surprising he he hasn't taken another point away from that. This is hold down problem is she can't land the right hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, she went the way. &gt;&gt; But I'm telling you, she doesn't she's not doing that and takes it back. She's just frustrated. And in truth, in truth, there was no reason for that point deduction because there's head was to the right and person's trying to trying to land a right hand. But it is what it is. Ben Rodriguez has taken three points away now in an effort to kind of make this fight less messy. But yeah, the doing it. &gt;&gt; Three points taken away. Two from Deline Persona. One from Carolyn there in what has been a bit of a messy affair. Good right hand by there. And there on the inside again wrapping her up &gt;&gt; and a right hand that gets to the head of Let's see what happens here. again. One point from Rodriguez. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. This has been a really muddy fight, gentlemen. All together overall, the holding, the clenching, the headbutts. It's been really muddy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's a shame because we have two really uh good fighters in here and it's just they've not they've not matched. &gt;&gt; The crowd is a bit unhappy. Judge D. Young scores the match up 95 to 91. Judge Delgado scores the matchup 94 to 92. And Judge Santino scores the matchup 98 to 88. for your winner by unanimous decision and new women's super featherweight champion of the world Caroline there. &gt;&gt; I want a clean fight, follow the rules, obey my commands, and protect yourself at all times. only the two losses and then this has had worked. Oh, big right by Pan Herza was to two undefeated fighters and he's trying to change that around tonight. Pagan's counter right hand is working all night thus far. He's landed about three good times. The last one, the hardest out of all the punches. Um, but you can see the patience. He's waiting for it and he's setting up his shots. &gt;&gt; But Himenez is is taking those right hands. &gt;&gt; Solid shots. really sitting down on the shots pagan but Jimenez comes right back. &gt;&gt; Great footwork. I mean you saw he landed that right hand and stay right back to make the base. Look at beautiful active shot by a shot. Oh, good left hook. &gt;&gt; This is the Josh Pagan that we sometimes see in fights and he's very exciting and he is landing big shots against Jimenez. Good left hook on the inside by Pagan. Forget about the head shot. Maybe just concentrating the body for one good solid round too. Cuz look, Jimenez is you just got guys like that uh Al that that they take a GOOD SHOT. So &gt;&gt; one of them I still take a good shot. &gt;&gt; Yes, you do. Seconds three remaining here in uh round number five and uh we're headed further into this 10 rounder. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has stood up to the to the big punches. There's no question about that. &gt;&gt; Again, a right hand and well, we talked about it being dormant, but it's not dormant now. And then Jimenez coming back with a good straight left hand. &gt;&gt; Josh Pagan looks for all the world like he's going to cruise to his 15th win as a professional. Of course, we don't if he goes the distance, we still have the scorecards to look at, but it would be surprising if he didn't get the decision win. And uh you just need to stay upright probably for these remaining seconds. And Brian Jimenez will suffer the third loss of his career to an undefeated fighter. I'd be scared to see what Grand Rapids would do if he didn't win tonight. Oh gosh. Don't want to win. &gt;&gt; They were they were distressed a little bit after the last fight. I can't imagine what that would be. Good sportsmanship, of course, shown by both these men. Not a surprise. After 10 rounds of championship fighting, we go to the judges scorecards. &gt;&gt; Judge D. Young scores the matchup 99 to 91. &gt;&gt; Judge Santino also scores it 99 to 91. And Judge Trella scores the matchup 100 to 90. All for your winner by unanimous decision. AND STILL THE WBO, NABO lightweight champion, Joshua Double J.