Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Pat Brown has so far justified all the hype, hasn't he? Five fights, five wins, all coming by way of knockout. Tonight, live on the zone, he is back to once again headline here at Planet Ice in Ultringham, just like he did on his professional debut just over 12 months ago. This evening though, the circumstances are different. First title fight, toughest test on paper so far. A test which if he can pass with flying colors will just remind us all why many are calling Pat Brown a future face of British boxing. &gt;&gt; Well l you both know the rules. So let's just have a good clean fight. Okay. Most of all remember to defend yourselves at all times. All right. He's got the seasoning and the experience and fast hands early just to maybe ruffle some Middle feathers. There's big support Darren, isn't there? Here. &gt;&gt; What's been good for Middle is the response after the first round. I mean, he's never had to produce that before. And the fact that he has it in his locker is a real good sign. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a close first round, but I would I wouldn't be surprised if we didn't win on there's a cut the referee scoreard. Oh, &gt;&gt; there's a cut as well. There was the bruising around the right eye of Lewis Morris and that will spur Alfie Middle and this great body shot as well. It's a good round this blood pouring out of the eye. Norris fighting fire with fire. It's one a piece here and a big round for middle. A long cut that as well. Michael Alexander having a good look at it and we're only in the third round here. really pouring blood but a nice left up right glance for Morris there but straight back comes middle miss from middle miss but what a nice little response there from Morris free combination &gt;&gt; but no this is great great learning from middle and I think he's getting better really hurt there as he goes back to his corner Lewis Morris &gt;&gt; just by the front of the toll in the corner and then he just fire back he keeps He's landed a couple of shots sort of as it's looking like it's getting a bit too much for him Morris. He's a very very tough lad. Pride, isn't it? &gt;&gt; There's not a lot left here. He chucks out a left hook. Oh, I'm keeping half an eye on the the corner team as well in the red corner alongside us because he's trying. Look at this with that left hand. How brave is this from Morris? He will get more mature and physically stronger. He's not going to get the knockout. It looked like he might at one stage, but this hard man from Warsaw Lewis Morris is going to hear the final bell miss with his best win to date. It's 6 and0 and it's an eighth rounder Barry that kickstarts the night. You go to referee Michael Alexander scorecard. It reads 79-73 for your winner. He's still undefeated. Alfie Spike Middleman 6 and0. &gt;&gt; Fellas, you both know the rules. Keep it clean. Nothing low. Watch your heads. And when I say break, take a step back. Most importantly, defend yourself at all times. Best of luck. &gt;&gt; On my last fight, I had sponsored on top of my head. I took I took the knee so many times. Good to &gt;&gt; Well, there is a lot of space up there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look at you. &gt;&gt; I'm not part of your But hey, boys. These two getting down to business. Just thought that Robbie Coleman had the sweetest start. He did as well when he went back to his corner. &gt;&gt; Shab in this round. Coleman as I say that has a nice right hand. It's a good response for Coleman. &gt;&gt; Josh Blanken and Robbie Coleman. There'll be little in this surely all the way through that pairing of amateur fights. It's now the second time they meet as pros and still early on in their careers. &gt;&gt; And quite often, you know, when you got a fight that's nip and tuck, it's the one who keeps their shape. They can pull your wins. And I think that and I do feel like there's going to be a little energy exchange and burst here, especially if somebody lands a good shot. Cuz right now, I feel like both fighters are fighting that little bit within themselves. They're not really going through the gears and levels. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you got to drag it out sometimes as well. But sometimes with fights like this, your energy can just fall off a cliff. All of a sudden you're feeling great and all of a sudden you just quite short and he walked into that did Coleman. But both of them have had their successes in the seventh round. And what are the judges thinking here? Eye-catching shots from Blink. Maybe more quantity from Coleman. &gt;&gt; And to say that it was, you know, a kind of short notice job for Coleman. I think right now and and looking at the physiques of the two fighters, it kind of looks the other way around. It look like Coleman had the more notice. Coleman, I think I'd rather be Coleman right now. &gt;&gt; Oh, that commentator's curse. But I tell you what, it's one of those, isn't it, that Coleman suddenly has something and then Ben comes back and then these two could have 20 fights and it'd be like this. He's caught the eye of the judges maybe a couple of times late on in rounds. Both of them swapping body shots, exchanging leather, sweat flying last 20 seconds. It's been another good watch. Let's have it again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. And you know, at times it's like they're giving each other ideas. One frozen uppercut, the other one will fire an uppercut. One body shot, the other one a fire body shot. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, 20 very good rounds between the two of these. They're made for each other. They really are well matched. preach and that both are celebrating the victory. If Coleman gets this, I want to see a third, but I want to see it back in Newcastle. And Howard Foster scored this contest 97 to 94 for your winner by split decision and the new Norin lightweight champion, Robbie Coleman. Okay, gentlemen, there's no rules. Keep your heads out. Keep your punches up and keep it clean. Be my commands at all times and protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Come out boxing on the belt. &gt;&gt; It's lovely to hear you two. But what happened to Sunny? Where's he gone? &gt;&gt; I thought he was here. He's that small. gets to his feet. Anthony trying to calm him down in the corner, but look at that 14% knockout ratio. That's all on the Glen Bird record. But that floss crawler and he's going to go for it here. The Irishman William Crawers IS IN DANGER. HE'S LOST ONCE BEFORE. THIS IS DRAMATIC. I'm not sure HE'S GOING TO MAKE THIS. JUST ABOUT HIS LEGS are all over the place. Brock Curry has a look in his eyes. He's got 45 seconds to change his life. Glenn Brawn somehow has to survive. Bird going for it body and head has to THROW SOMETHING BACK AND DEAL in a tumultuous second round for William Crown into another right hand and he's about to be stopped here. Rooney possibly 5 seconds away throws back. This is dramatic. Oh, another one home from B. AND IT BUCKLES FIVE. &gt;&gt; 10 SECONDS LEFT BEFORE THE NO THREE DON'T RULE in effect, but he's going to run for the saving. Referee's giving him every single chance, but Cliff B runs out of time. Should he have been allowed to continue? I was there on Tuesday night at Wembley and not a great performance by England, but James Garner, what a footballer, Barry, &gt;&gt; I don't watch. I was I went on the Thursday before in North Wales. &gt;&gt; I went to the wrong person Darren. James Gar, he's a player. &gt;&gt; He's a player. &gt;&gt; He is a player and it's great to have him here ringside tonight. It's a part. But look at this. Promise Darren again FOR THE FOURTH TIME. 30 SECONDS into the fifth. THIS TIME IT MIGHT BE CURTAINS. &gt;&gt; WELL, Rokini again giving him every single chance. It's so early in the fifth and Burn has had his man down four times. Cron fighting fire with fire. But these shots are just getting through time and again. Ironically, she usually when you get tired all the shots from now. Oh, comes by IN A CHOPSY TURBY. 20 SECONDS. CRAWLER LOOKS AT HIS BROTHER IN THE CORNER. Every time he gets caught, HE COMES OFF WORSE. AND ANOTHER RIGHT HAND FROM BIRD. WHAT A ROUND. WELL, CRAWLER SQUARES HIS FEET WHEN HE WANTS TO THROW POWER SHOTS. WHO Glenn Burn and that is one of the most astonishing COME FROM BEHIND VICTORIES YOU WILL SEE. BUT IT WAS A HEAVY knockout and the medics are in the ring and our attention STRAIGHT AWAY GOES TO THE Irishman to make sure he's okay. REAL anticipation in the air. Right lads, you both know the rules. So, let's just have a good clean fight. Okay. Most of all, remember to defend yourselves at all times. All right. &gt;&gt; So, probably be just bullying and making and that tires you out just having that physical presence in front of you. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. He's taking complete control of the squared circle here. Pat Brown with a good jab and a excellent IQ as well. An authority about him. the way he goes about his work to trying to get that jab going with that right hands quick of Brown. He just seems to have the answer in every department at the moment. And this is where I think Pat could just let his hands go a little bit more now. He's he's got his man backed up. He's five rounds into the fight. He's hurting with some nice shots, but this is where he probably could go through the gears a little bit right near the end of the round. &gt;&gt; Like three fast one sort of thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Touch, touch, and then really trying to sink in. Then keep down by Patrick. 10 seconds left. He's going to scramble to HIS FEET. AND THE BELL WILL SAVE HIM. HE'S BADLY HURT. Winded back. Oh, just misses out on the stoppage at half value. He's still breathing heavily for I think still from that body shot trying to whip one in the same side, but he's hard at the top. defending himself against this arsenal down for the second time. And I think Pat Brown knows that this is the moment to complete knockout victory number six to the back of the very close look. Vasela is so brave, but too brave maybe for his own good. &gt;&gt; It's like he brought down his guard there. It's like he just nullified the guard. He was punching it, punching it, and then he eventually punched a hole straight for it. &gt;&gt; He's just got to maintain that distance though, CR so Da can hold on. &gt;&gt; D tries to come out with his own right hand. Oh my word, Fasil Duka, he's been so brave for so long in this fight. Upper cut here. &gt;&gt; Got to try and find success. And he does come back round. See, I think with Bra especially being offensive just to take the angle as well. You mentioned the feet down. He's never going to lose. He does. He shakes his head. But that's the third count of the fight again. He looks at his corner. He so wants to get through this wins by he does get the round. He does impress again in Austria. It is 6 and0 and it is six knockouts. It wasn't punch perfect. There were few a few moments and he'll learn from that. But a great fight for him. &gt;&gt; Declaring a winner by TKO. And the new WBA International and IBF Intercontinental Cruiserweight Champion, Patrick the Bomber Brown.