Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. We're in Liverpool, one of the best fight cities in the world, where unbeaten Olympian Ben Whitaker takes center stage once again. A second headline appearance in a row following a knockout night in Birmingham where he showed why he's talked about as a future world champion. Yeah, it should be a good night of boxing. Ben Whitaker takes on the tough Argentinian Brian Suarez now top of the bill. And with Big Fight Nights in America lined up, he's going to be looking for another show real performance. Plenty of action before then with former UFC star Molly McCann looking to make it win number four in the square ring when she takes on Wells's Ashley Johnson. Aaron Hayden, the Benzy Central area super bantamweight title against Liverpool's Joe McGre. An international tile on the line. also in that one. Whilst kicking off the show, heavyweight prospect Leo Tang contin his busiest year which has already seen him pick up two knockout victories from okay boys of a call break. I expect to take a step back. Don't deliberately throw punches around the back of the head. Protect yourselves at all times. Stretch close. Glo fellas. &gt;&gt; Fluid relaxed look about him. enjoys his boxing &gt;&gt; and will keep his feet on the ground as what he said. Nice right hand as he opens up on Shu trying to light up the city on the banks of the Murzy and he's doing well here. &gt;&gt; He's just getting a little bit too close when he see he has to throw in combinations like this and he has the right idea but again it's all about this shot getting that distance right and there it was. Clumping right hand from Leo Tang again. Shu tries to hold on and Leo Tang has very good at times right hand at the end maybe close to a stoppage but he has to go the distance for THE FIRST TIME AND I THINK THAT'S a good thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course he would do him the world of good. He had a final bell. Six rounds under your your belt. &gt;&gt; He busted it, didn't he? Looked good, &gt;&gt; ladies and gentlemen. After six rounds of action here in Liverpool, we go to referee Steve Gray's scorecard. It reads 59 to 54. For your winner, he's still undefeated Leo Attang 6. &gt;&gt; Okay, boys, I've already spoken to you both. You know what I expect professional, obey my commands, and most of all, protect yourselves at all time. Let's go, boys. Go up, boys. &gt;&gt; The great scout voice of Mark L. He's a big Liverpool fan and there's a huge Liverpool support, blue and red for Joe McGrael. There's a pocket of fans just up to our left who are here for Aaron Hayden, the Central Area Champion. It's a goodlooking clash. This a battle of the unbeatens, WBA continental gold belt thrown in. Can you explain that one? &gt;&gt; I'm not sure if I'm honest. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's obviously for ranking purposes. I tell you what it looks apart though. That's what all of these belts are, Adam. They're ranking belts. You you climb that governing body's rankings as you say. So although it doesn't sound that impressive, they do actually play a part in boxing. &gt;&gt; Flashing with the right hand trying to wake up late in the round here. Aaron Hayden. Good work from McRail though. That shin is woringly open of Hayden. A decent scrap at the end of the second. Look at that. They're enjoying it. The fans are hope you are at home. That's better. A bit of variation would have worked. Yep. Needs to let those hands go. Aaron Hayden, we've seen it before. Barry was mentioning at a lower level. This talking about all the great players in the past and he's now just trying to up it. The both are here. &gt;&gt; Here we go. &gt;&gt; Here we go. The touch paper. Barry. &gt;&gt; McGre had the better of that. There was a nice little right hand there from uh from Hayden in that little combination. &gt;&gt; I like that though from Hayden. He needed to do something different, didn't he? &gt;&gt; There's a round cut though on the right eye. &gt;&gt; Not sure where that happened in and amongst that madness in the first 25 seconds of round number five, the central area champion. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know what? If you're McGra, as brutal and as nasty as it sounds, you just target that cut. You just throw that left hook, try and worsen it, bust it up. &gt;&gt; Looks in his corner. Hayden, he needs them. He needs not just the end swell. He needs the Vaseline. He needs everything. THERE'S A PUNISHMENT FROM JOE MCRA. &gt;&gt; 45 ON THE CLOCK AND HE LOOKS ABSOLUTELY SHATTERED FROM THAT SHOT. AARON HAYDEN. IT'S TAKEN IT ALL OUT OF HIM. JOE MCRA IS THE NEW CENTRAL AREA SUPER bantamweight champion. That word validity. He's come of age tonight at 23. It's only a stepping stone, but it's no unlucky 13 for Joe McGra. That was excellent. And Paul Stevenson's got another nugget in his j. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Mark L reaches the count of 10 at 2 minutes 22 seconds of round number five. Declaring your winner by knockout. He's still undefeated. AND THE NEW central area and continental WBA gold super bantamweight champion Joe McGra. &gt;&gt; Okay, girls, you both know the rules. Want you to obey my commands. Tell you to break. Break clean. Defend yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Wow, what an entrance. Feels like a real happening. Feels like a main event here on Mury's side. But we've still got Ben Whitaker to come. This is Meatball Molly Macan. Supported by top musician Jamie Webster, by Patty the Batty in the front row, by most of Liverpool in the blue Everton colors designed by Suzie Wong specially for this occasion. Johnson being beckoned in by a corner. big left clumping hurt but walks into an uppercut as the two of them go at it right in the middle of the ring and the fans are going to enjoy this I think fluidity from Macan who's utilizing the ring well partially blocked the defense but they are squeaking through but she is hard as nails and she'll keep coming Johnson as she's walking into punches AND LOOK SHARP TONIGHT a mark on her foreign that's a well going but Mac box it so well tonight. &gt;&gt; Shot there from Mac and Johnson just walked through it and pushed her back &gt;&gt; again looking to switch upstairs to downstairs. And I think she's having a lot of success when she's doing it. When she's touching upstairs, she's making jumps to lift her hands up and she's finding the body shots. Good work on jumping over there. lovely and finding her way in and a lot of the times finding a way out. But what I think she's enjoyed is she really hasn't gone to go looking for it. Here she goes unloaded on the rope. Good work from Mac. Johnson comes back looking for one big hook TO CHANGE IT, BUT THE HOOK COMES FROM MAC HEAD AND BODY AND THIS is mightily impressive from Lee Ball tonight. There's loads of fights and Stevie Leampton made the second. Don't miss that. Ty Gallagher has been out injured, but we saw her the other day. She'll be back. &gt;&gt; Billy Scotty, of course you're &gt;&gt; She's the top of the tree right now. &gt;&gt; But what Macan has shown here is under extreme pressure, she can keep her boxing together. &gt;&gt; Oh, good work from MAC LATE ON STARTING this fight so well and finishing it with a flourish. Last 10 seconds. Meet more. Molly Macau has been brilliant tonight. Credit to Ashley Johnson. A brave, stubborn performance. BUT SHE CAN RAISE HER ARM in the air. It's been a happy homecoming and a sweet success for Molly Man. Absolutely electric. Ladies and gentlemen, after eight rounds of action here in Liverpool, we go to referee Mark L. Scorecard. It reads 78-74 for your winner. She's still undefeated. Meet Paul Molly Mccan. &gt;&gt; Okay, Ben, if a cold break expect to take one step back, no punches around the back of the head. No goatee. Okay, touch gloves. &gt;&gt; But beginning at 28 to get more serious. And is this a serious test against Brian Suarez, the 34 year old from Buenazeris? But look at him here. Look at the intelligence. Really good use of that lead hand, head, body softening up Suarez. Yeah, the issue for Suare is not only does he have to worry about the hand speed and the placement, the accuracy of Whitaker's shots, is is the lack of hand speed that he has. And when you you're a sharp shooter, a good counter puncher, but Whitaker is that will be your downfall. And I think it's more the heaviness of his feet gets him in the problem. Look, he's throwing shots there that aren't, you know, necessarily slow, but because he's leaving his feet behind, he's giving enough time and enough space for Ben to just, you know, lean back, take away the danger. Nice body shot though. &gt;&gt; The opportunity BEGINNING TO DISTRESS. Now he's in big distress. RIGHT HAND OUT HERE IN THE FIRST ROUND. IT'S ANOTHER VICTORY FOR BEN WHITAKER INSIDE 3 MINUTES. TWO IN A ROW AND Ben sizzles on the side. It was precise. It was beautiful. And once again, he feels he's the man to change boxing. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Steve Gray reaches the count of 10 at 2 minutes and 24 seconds of round number one, declaring your winner by knockout. He's still undefeated. The surgeon Ben Whitaker. &gt;&gt; The curse is real. &gt;&gt; That's a mummification ritual begin. &gt;&gt; Now playing. &gt;&gt; Can you escape? &gt;&gt; Don't worry. It's fine to be dead. &gt;&gt; CREWMAN'S The Mummy. Reddit R.