Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. Here we go. We've been waiting for this one as soon as it was announced and thousands have been waiting as well. Thousands are making their way to the O2 Arena here in London for something very, very special. We are talking about Derek Chazora versus Deontay Wilder. Will it be Chazora's final fight? Will it be Deontay Wilder's final fight? All we know is that boxing is always the best and the unexplained and the unexpected theater welcomed inside the OJ arena. I &gt;&gt; This is a guy with long levers but uses it very well. I mean when you're tall most fighters have to &gt;&gt; move their feet then punch. When you're tall with long levers you move your you punch then you move your feet close and he does that very very well. So, it's hard to really counter him or get the lead before he throws his. &gt;&gt; That one was low. The second one wasn't though. Good jab and body work. Quick hands noticeable very early on from Amir Anderson who looks as confident in the ring as he did coming into it. The performance of the night. And look at that hand speed as Zujon's just caught in the neutral corner. And he doesn't really want to be there at the end of these long arcing punches. Not he's not busting a gut here around the center to force the pace just &gt;&gt; that was a piece of a shot. Djon really felt that and now he's trapped in the other neutral corner being pinned back here to Brit. And it's really good from Amir Anderson who looks flowing languid and powerful. &gt;&gt; That's where you learn everything under these bright lights that little bit of pressure but this is good work again. You see a bit of movement side to side, but he's really he's got the gas and he HAS GOT &gt;&gt; STOPPAGE AND IT MEANS THE WORLD TO HIM. IT'S SEVEN &gt;&gt; inside the distance and Jordan Djon's brave effort comes to an end. Yeah, Matty Harris, the much taller man, the 26y old Coventry, originally from Lamington Spa. Worked with Edwin Clearary. Now is with Peter Fury in a was a beauty and is going to do well though. He's going to be taking early in the second round. The right hand was threatening in the first and Matty Harris delivers a statement here AT THE O2. starting a favorite on that bar zone against Andre Zedger and beginning to flow. I thought he settled well in that opener. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the jab was good for Bentley in that first round and again starting off in this in this second round when he Don sort of mentioned in the first round when he throws that one two the rhythm is really good for Bentley. You got a natural smoothness of all the punches. I think that's where the power is generated by. &gt;&gt; So certainly finding his feet and his rhythm and he's disrupting Denzel Bentley's work. &gt;&gt; It's a natural lean to the left, doesn't he? That gives him that chance to throw that left hook. I like to when he does dip to the left, throw that right hand over the top. &gt;&gt; Good work from Bentley. Opens up. Action really increasing, warming nicely in the third round of this middleweight clash. elite level. Denzel Bentley up now. The former British champion. Can he deal with this pressure of Andre Seedra? Just sort of walks forward with that high guard. Chips away especially to the body that gains strength slightly. He's got to be careful. &gt;&gt; He just gives the impression he's always good for though. Perfect. And he felt that legs jelly there. wobbly as he goes back to the red corner. &gt;&gt; He's fighting at his pace, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Just like you see him continue that role as he comes forward. A good shot FROM wins the biggest fight of HIS LIFE. THE WBO INJURY MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP AND IT WAS NIPPER DUCK FOR SIX ROUNDS BUT DENZEL BENTLEY FOUND THE punches to stop Andre Sedendra &gt;&gt; throw or throwing combination &gt;&gt; right hand from Master who is very confident and composed at the press conference on Thursday having success here with his accuracy and sharp shooting and &gt;&gt; and he's got to keep looking at that right hand. That's the shot. He's a bit too lazy with that. He telegraphed the overhand right and that allowed Riley to fire back with the counters but it's that shot there more impetus. He's always believed in his ability as comes back with a cracker. Riley takes it. &gt;&gt; It's a great card this so far, isn't it Barry? Really is. It's good to hear from Riley. And his hands go master to do something that he's never done before right maybe the punch of THE CONTEST SO FAR followed by a jab body shot to mass heavy six in this final minute really good display of boxing from Vidal Riley who's going to win the European cruiserweight t FOR YOUR WINNER BY UNANIMOUS DECISION AND THE NEW EUROPEAN CRUISER CHAMPION STILL UNDEFEATED FROM TOTTENHAM LONDON, ENGLAND, Victor Roy. Hey, stretch on straight away. &gt;&gt; Gentlemen, both instructions in the dressing room so you know what's expected. Get your punches up. They might come out to protect your cells at all times. &gt;&gt; It's good that is really cutting his feet up. That's quite impressive. I just like this keeping moving his head as he's coming forward here. He just the right uppercut a moment ago. The head of Chazor is very low. That's good at the front. Wild in the second round. GOES ON and suddenly IT LIGHTS UP HERE at the O2. They almost want to get in there. has hurt him AND THERE'S DRAMA HERE IN THE EIGHTH round of the O2. Both of THEM HAVING THEIR SUCCESS big time AND A MINUTE AND 40 to go into his corner. HE'S MOVING FOR THE VICTORY AND HE WILL GET COUNTER FIRST TIME IN THE GAME. AND IT LOOKS LIKE THE OLD WARRIOR Dor might be the SECOND Deontay Wilder. Who's going to get the Winger RING BY SPLIT DECISION? THE BRONZE M DEONTAY WILDER. Deontay Wilder does get the nod on a split decision.