Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. We're kicking off with a world title fight. IBO super featherweight strap up for grabs. Carol versus Murphy. Youth versus experience. And then we stick in the super featherweight division. This man's won everything he could domestically. Ryan Garner is here on a seek and destroy mission. Wants to stay undefeated. Has to stay undefeated. He takes on dangerous bear. And then we like to see the heavyweights, don't we? this man. First fight deputent tonight. Adam Olanian takes on Bazookusa. Hoping to become an Irish world champion, hoping to follow in these footsteps. Pierce Oolir, co-main event, takes on the late replacement Maxi Hughes. Remember Ibo super lightweight strap. And then this one, WBA super featherweight showdown between Jazza Dickens and the Apache Anthony Kakatchi. &gt;&gt; And punches are good over the heat this area here. And I'm clear. &gt;&gt; Okay. Please, God bless you both. &gt;&gt; Have a good look at Carol, but can't let the rounds get away. &gt;&gt; He's put himself in the right position here, Murphy. And he's had a little bit more success in this second round. Landed with a couple of good right hands. &gt;&gt; This is how he wants to fight. He's had a little look, hasn't he, in the first round, and now you can see already starting to up the pace now. Murphy, this is the the risk. This is the time to find out. And he's doing well here. Murphy just &gt;&gt; Carol. &gt;&gt; The balance wasn't great. &gt;&gt; A concern for for Murphy is it doesn't move his head. His head's up in the air all the time. And Jonno kind of throwing them woots, but they're landing. He's tall and static, but he has got good organization and as you said, a great engine and he believes he can go the whole way. Commonwealth champion. Can he take the IBO, which is a minor version of a world title, not really the legitimate one like Jazza Dickens is defending later, but it's a it's a great stepping stone into that class. Bar put you in the conversation, didn't it? Of course, you know what I mean? But then what we've seen is variation, knowing how to find different shots at different times. &gt;&gt; Knowing how to navigate a 12rounder against an undefeated young pro who's good and solid but just doesn't have that knowledge and maybe just caught a little bit in the headlights. And this is really good work again. backed onto the ropes just ringing the shots. But what he does, they are wild shots, but he takes his head off the line &gt;&gt; and judge Benois Ducel scores it 117 to for your winner. And now the IBO super featherweight world CHAMPION Keon K. &gt;&gt; Okay, gentlemen, keep his face clean at all times. Protect yourselves at all times and listen to my commands. Okay, Ran Chris loves &gt;&gt; God bless. &gt;&gt; He's an absolute talent. He really is. Good shot there from And also this, let's be honest, this is an audition for possibly to fight the winner of the top of the bill as was the last contest. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. They're all queuing up, aren't they? Jono Carol winning that wide scores, weren't they? Cole Murphy ahead on one car by four. Carol by four and then by six. One of those sort of fights. I think the right guy won. Now it's Ryan Garner's turn. It's another audition. You're right, Barry. high point in front of Frank Warren. &gt;&gt; Many times Frank would say, "Listen, he's got something special. He just needs to focus. &gt;&gt; Quick combinations and it's all a bit too much at the moment for Christian BMO." I think he's got a cut or some nose damage. There's blood there and he can't deal with the speed of Garner who looks sharp. Garner wants to look good. Not rush in his work though, Barry. &gt;&gt; No, he's not. I love the way he control again. to see that variety work on that uppercut. And that's a rest, is there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he took a he took a knee to have a a few seconds off there. He didn't like that. And he might not like the piranha's next assault. He's uh hunting for a stoppage victory here. The man from Southampton. &gt;&gt; They just leave the shot out there. Not for too long that they can get counted, but just enough to get full perches on the shot. &gt;&gt; Just dabbed his bruised left eyebook to the head. and one sickening to the body and a minute and 25 left of the second. If Ryan Garner elects to up the turbo, I think he might be able to get BAR out of there. &gt;&gt; Just taking his time here. Garner. &gt;&gt; Oh, back comes Ba with a shot and a body punch as well. Garner isn't going to like that one little bit. Seven knockouts on the record of the Mexican. You got to be careful. just taking his time after being clipped in the second. Brian Garner, which is sensible. Hands up. Just break him down. And that's what he's doing in the neutral corner. Not sure how much more PA is going to want of this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, ref. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no more. Christian Va is stopped in the third round. Exactly like Zela Barrett did it. Ryan Garner, job done. Tools sharpened. One little slip in the second round, but other than that, a pretty perfect display. And Christian still on the floor. He's a character, isn't he? For a Mexicardi, the fat cat. &gt;&gt; Okay, gentlemen. He's both got the rules in the unions. Obey my commands at all times. Touch gloves. Go bless. &gt;&gt; I tell you what's better than the Zuka, though. He's He's going for it. He's letting the shots go. Walks onto a right hand out and an uppercut is good work. Head and body from a very sharp looking And there's another body shot ripping home and it's all to watch. Down he goes inside the opening 35 seconds for he's just about to get up. HE'S A HUGE MAN. HE SAID IT WAS THE BACK of the head, but this is Alan's opportunity. Barry, I tell you there when he skip back double skip back with the feet there to create that space for that right hand. Show really good footwork. Nice composure. He's a guy in nowhere near his level here. Down goes Bazookusa and Alan celebrates. And look at this crowd. It was a foral exercise really. But professional debuts have to be done. Katy Taylor delighted at ringside manager Brian Peters, Paul Stevenson, and the team. Well, we only got to look at him for a minute, but he's a big guy with a good jab. I've seen him a lot as an amateur. Lovely athleticism and speed, and he's a very sensible, mature guy out of the ring, too. &gt;&gt; I remember at all time. Remember, you have an agreement, a clear and clean fight. Check. &gt;&gt; You use the word there, clever, and that's exactly what he's got to do here, Maxi Hughes. They switched on. Don't waste anything. Don't get greedy. We know how good of a boxer he can be when he's in a nice flow and rhythm, but he's in here with someone who looks fired up. Really feeding off of this crowd. The energy in here is electric if he can get a big win here with his Irish fan base. But Maxi Hughes will try everything he can to survive and just get into some sort of rhythm. Doesn't need to be doing this. Adam trading with Ori. I just thinking exactly the same thing. Trading in the neutral corner. There's power and if he can just open up that defense of Maxi G and wrap him up a bit. And if he loses his rhythm and just dabs at his eye there, Maxi Hughes, you can see there the chance with fire. I'm not sure that's the way to go about this. He's trying desperately. It's great action, but he already looks tired as he touched on it. &gt;&gt; Down he goes. knocked out. He's a beautiful boxer, Maxi Hughes, but this is just a step too much. Ori total control. And let's get into the corner at the end of this round because I think they're going to be some compassionate. Josh Warrington looks really unhappy. What are they going to do here? &gt;&gt; This is my decision. That's called up. I'm not letting you go back out here. No. They're going to put him out. Short hangers look to the referee. Maxi Hughes's brave effort comes to an end. And he doesn't know it yet, but Pierce Oolir is the IBO super lightweight champion. PIERCE BIG ORI. Okay guys, here to is good. Okay guys, I give you instruction in the dressing room. They have a game match. Okay, good luck. Go. &gt;&gt; Sort of as comfortable at super feather. The catch. How long can he continue making grinding his body down at 5'2? That's a nice shot though as Dickens went in. But he says come on. I'm not worried about that. DEFENDING MY TITLE and we'll have a little rough and tumble. &gt;&gt; Good left hook there from Kakashi. Yeah, &gt;&gt; got through there with A DECENT SHOT. &gt;&gt; CLEVER THOUGH FROM Vicki cuz he got hurt as a temple shot and he got really close to the target. A mini breakthrough can catch and there's big shots here in round number five and suddenly he might have FOUND AN ANSWER HERE. CAN CATCH IT WITH A LONG ARMS. So many good &gt;&gt; in this modern generation. &gt;&gt; Oh, good shot right out the gate there on Kachi. Right hand, left hook. &gt;&gt; Beginning of the eighth. I'm going to bring in another fabulous lightweight fighter, Carl Frampton. Um, you're very near the Katchi corner. What What are they thinking? &gt;&gt; I think they're telling him the right things. They think they're in front, but they know Jazz is &gt;&gt; Jazz is still in this fight. They're asking Anto to keep calm with the jab. Katcheo just complains there to the referee. Was that a catcher heads? He didn't like that at all. Katcheo Dickens doesn't care. He says, "Let's get on with it." &gt;&gt; It's been very positive this from Dickens. He's having a good round here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Marked under both eyes, but a nice left hand. And Gacho just having to ship a few punches here. Back end of the ninth. Is there a twist? He's got to go for it really, Jazza Dickens. I thought a couple of rounds ago there was signs, but Katcha comes back with a good combination. &gt;&gt; And again, if he takes this round, it could leave Dickens needing maybe a knockout. &gt;&gt; Good shot there from Dickens. That was intelligent there from Katchi. Two shots, three shots, one shot, all unanswered from Dickens. still boxing well at times though, Jazza. It's a uh &gt;&gt; a really high intense fight this. You're right what you said a few rounds ago there and you can't take your eyes off it. Nothing particularly dramatic has happened, but it's just a really good watch of highly skilled boxers. Nice little screw shot there from the Jazz Diggers. I think they've both negated each other in many ways with with the faints and with the with the threat of of what might come. Anzo Kakache. Is he on the verge of becoming a twotime super featherweight champion of the world? Jazza Dickens. 30 seconds. What's left in the tank very very late on he tries the body shot and he's done. He's been smart here to catch. He's just stopped Dickens working some little fame with the hands just making him wary of what might come back if he commits and he's just stopped Dickens letting the hands go and he's well done easily so he can just move away just that space and Dickens doesn't clever movement from takes a shot back but he's controlled the ring for large patches of this fight. Dickens has been highly competitive but has he raed enough? Probably not. So good catching for us is the new world champion. Jazza Nicks I think knows &gt;&gt; and judge Juspearone scores it 116 to 113. All for your winner by unanimous decision. And new WBA super featherweight champion of the world, ANTHONY, THE ANTI Apache Kachi.