Kind: captions Language: en In the last 2 years we've had some spectacular settings for Riyadh season. This might be the most spectacular ring fight, night of the samurai featuring two of Japan's greatest ever boxers, Junto Nakatani and the wonderful Naoya [music] Inoue. And we take a look at the tale of the tape for our opening contest. Reyto Tsutsumi taking on Leopoldo Contana. Round one underway. Reyto Tsutsumi and Leopoldo Contana eight round contest kicking things off for us here in Riyadh. Corey Erdman, Darren Barker and Mike Coppinger on the call for you here at ringside. That's the footwork I like. I really like when he steps either side there. Makes him a very very difficult fighter to fight. Nice right hook there from Tsutsumi and that one had Contana off balance. What you have to love about Reyto is he's such a pinpoint puncher. Yeah, accuracy is on point. Look at that left Big LEFT HAND CONTANA. WOBBLY LEGS AND DOWN HE HUGE SHOT COREY. FROM THE rising former amateur star HE WIPED HIM REYTO TSUTSUMI DARED CONTANA TO GO TOE FOR TOE AND he takes him out in the fourth round. Time now for our second contest of the day. It is Taiga Imanaga, one of the brightest young stars in Japanese boxing taking on the world ranked Ariston Garcia. Yeah, that lone loss for Ariston Garcia that came on Showbox back in 2023 at the hands of Jordan White and you know, they chalk that up Mike to he just got caught early. You know, they don't put much stock in that loss. Oh. Big left hand there from Ariston Garcia to kick off round four. A lovely reverse one-two from Garcia. OH. GARCIA AND DOWN GOES IMANAGA. WOW. SIX. OUT OF NOWHERE COREY. Huge right hand. As we close in on the final 10 seconds of this contest. THAT LEFT HAND AGAIN AND THE FACE OF IMANAGA IS A MESS BUT HE WILL MAKE IT OUT of this fight. What do these scorecards look like? What a contest between Imanaga and Garcia? AND THE WINNER GARCIA. ARISTON Garcia has done it. Nakatani moving up to 122 lbs excuse me for the first time in his career. You see Hernandez coming in somewhat light for this fight. Nicely to the body sparring through the guard. Oh, LEFT HAND &gt;&gt; BIG LEFT HAND RIGHT over the top there from Nakatani. Took that one well Hernandez. Oh, and again beautiful shot selection here from Nakatani. Yeah, the the shape the stance of Hernandez really favors the shot as you say. Look at that again forcing Hernandez back then onto the back foot. Showing that Doubling up with the left hand and then a two punch combination the uppercut directly into the straight left hand from Nakatani. Nice left uppercut followed by left upstairs. That Hernandez That volume here from Hernandez but Nakatani just continues [cheering] to stand in there and blast him with uppercuts and overhand left. And even a man 31 wins no defeats &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; three weight world champion going through the gears now. This is fantastic. Nakatani is winding up. You saw on your screen he's landed 131 shots already in this fight. Hernandez absorbing a lot of punishment and he is throwing a lot of leather. Nicely to from Hernandez. Look, unique two attributes. Big right hand Nakatani standing in there as well. Look at this action right in the CENTER OF THE RING. Fantastic from both. Hernandez incredible. I talk about his stock rising. Look at this. This is terrific. One-two forcing Nakatani back once again. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; We hear the bell for round 12. The doctor taking a brief look at that eye of Junto Nakatani and we did not think that we would be here in the 12th round. Many people did not and if you did you certainly didn't think that this would be a fight that would be hanging in the balance. Right eye of Nakatani is a balloon. Did Sebastian Hernandez just burst the big Japanese plans for 2026? Wow. All for your winner by unanimous decision and still undefeated JUNTO [screaming] BIG BIG NAKATANI. NAOYA INOUE 32 years of age now. Picasso 25. The height in favor of Picasso as well. Let's close look to both of you. Buenas noches a todos los touch gloves. And the Inoue brothers went back to their roots so to speak. They did portions of their training camp outdoors for the first time in many years. A little bit of a nostalgic feel in this is vintage Naoya Inoue that you're seeing right now. &gt;&gt; Look at that. Terrific combination just going through the gears. Corey, but I think everything that Inoue does is really predicated off of that amazing quick first step. Big left hand there from Inoue. He's just creeping the wrong direction. Picasso is moving onto that right hand. He's better off taking a little step to his right hand side. These these are the the passages where Picasso has really got to get to work but he's got his man onto the ropes or in the corner then you get to work. Just standing in front of Inoue a bit too much there. I'd like to see him just get either side of the target. Inoue, I was begging him to do so as he lands one final right hand and we'll head back to the stool. [music] Inoue trying to cook with Picasso there trying to beat him in with his back against the ropes. Oh, that right First right hand there from Inoue. Inoue doesn't need to do this but he's opting to do this. Sitting in the pocket there. Shots flying out pushing Picasso back. That left to the body as as well just slipped through the guard. And another one right there and Picasso spins off. Looking for a little motivation as we head into the final 3 minutes. &gt;&gt; This is not the last that we'll see of him and certainly won't be the end of his fan support back home. Oh, good left hook up top there from Picasso but Inoue also landing to the body at the same time. Look at the hand movement of Inoue. It is just remarkable to see this up close. Some fighter. Some talent. We have just witnessed again here in Riyadh. Special special fighter. And that will do it and pound for pound who in the world is better than that man? Still undefeated and still the undisputed super bantamweight champion of THE WORLD NAOYA THE MONSTER INOUE.