Kind: captions Language: en Love him or hate him, but you certainly can't ignore him. That's because Ben Whitaker has been making headlines ever since he threw away that Olympic silver medal back in 2021. An eventful three years as a pro has earned praise and plenty of scorn. But tonight, it's all business as he steps up to take on the hard-hitting German Benjamin Kabatsi and show the world that he's ready to mix it with the very best. Well, Chief support Aaron Bowen versus Tom Cowan. Aaron Bowen 7-0. Very impressive run as a pro, very impressive as an amateur. We've been waiting for this rematch ever since the controversial scoring in their first fight nearly a year to the day and it happens today again. Cameron Vong versus Gavin Gwyn and Molly Macan who had such an impressive debut. The MMA star impressive debut in Belfast a couple of months ago takes on the once the only unbeaten as well, Ebony Cotton. That kicks things off. All right. Okay, ladies, you both know the rules, so keep it clean. When I say break, you stop boxing and take a step back immediately. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; She's going to stay low here. Just double up that I'll get left. Double up with that jab and then throw that right hand. &gt;&gt; Sweet left to the head from Molly McCann. &gt;&gt; And the hand speed as well. And the confusing styles from Orthodox to Southport. Just knowing too much here for Emily Cotton who's brave and game. And &gt;&gt; we're looking here at Molly McCann. And &gt;&gt; she's she's competitive here. Cotton. Just a just the weight of the shot as well. A little bit busy on the weight of the shot. Certainly. &gt;&gt; Top of the head. I think Adam Cotton. Yep. Some blood. &gt;&gt; She can she can just bend those legs. Jab body, jab head to that right hand over the top. And back there from Cotton. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good work from Cotton. And finishing with a body shot and trying to whip in that righthander guy. This is really good from the 31y old from the West Midlands. Man comes back and you can just see the difference there in in the level. Molly Macan, as I said earlier, wants to become a world champion. just eight fights and she's getting a good workout here against Ebony Cotton who's eaten a lot of leather, but it hasn't discouraged her. And you know what? I think this is good. This is good matchmaking for both here. I really do. As I say, quite a win-win situation as you say. But for Macan, she wants to be in there with someone who's going to let their hands go, make her think, make her work. &gt;&gt; She's still undefeated. Meetball Molly McC in the dressing room. Not expect act professionals at all times. Obey my instructions. Watch your Any questions? Let's go to work with Gary being able to work on their relationship. Oh, lovely right uppercut from Vong. That was a welltimed uppercut. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's done that already in the opening round. That was even better. Good jabs as well. Doubling them up now Cameron Fong. And again looking for that juicy uppercut as Gwyn comes in. &gt;&gt; The accuracy has fallen down a little bit, &gt;&gt; but I'm seeing a calmness and more composure in the pocket with Cameron is one thing I'm noticing when he is up close. He looked a bit flustered before in the first fight in in on the fight. But that's a good left hook that's landed. &gt;&gt; WONDERFUL LEFT HOOK AND AGAIN from Gavin Gwyn who has come alive in this fourth round. And now it is fight on as FJ gets back behind his jab. But after a perfect first three rounds, rolls are reversing a little bit. And here comes Gavin Gwyn trying to walk down. Interesting. Four rounds to go. Three definitely for Vong. Could be three to Gwyn. It's certainly very very close. And it's Gwyn who's in the ascendancy because he's just walking through Cameron Bong. And whatever the man from Northland does, Quinn just shakes it off. It's almost like Sunny, he won't be denied tonight. &gt;&gt; It's almost like he's trying to complain. &gt;&gt; Good shot there. &gt;&gt; Good shot through &gt;&gt; and another uppercut leaked through. &gt;&gt; And he's he's standing and trading Fong. I'm not sure he wants to be there. Can he get back on his bike? That's good from Fong, but he's got to keep moving. AND QUINN IS ON HIM. YEAH, this is this is really from Gwynac of the eighth round. He does look menacing as Frank Bruno used to say. He's on him like a hmer shark and there's no hiding place in there trying to backw up for the first time and I think Gavin just felt it a little bit there. This is a really interesting round because Fong has really showed what he's made of here. Good uppercuts. Miner just nicked that one. Ninth round. What a round. &gt;&gt; What I'll say is though, that's a lovely flurry of shots there. But back comes Gwyn with one of his own. There's been a lot of sort of uppercuts that we've not really picked up on because they've not had the same effect as they did early on. He's still landing the shots wrong. But then it's that against the volume of shots from Gwyn &gt;&gt; Nurman Adravich and Howard Foster both scored this bout. 9595. We have a majority draw. &gt;&gt; Okay guys, you both know the rules. Keep it clean. Great straight away when told both you watch your heads in close. Good luck to you both. Touch look nice right hand there. Bow didn't really get much of a walks into an uppercut. Good shot from Cowi and Bowen wide open. Fights fire with fire a bit at the end of the second but it's been a difficult start this for the commentary man in Australia. Oh, you're watching it, isn't he? &gt;&gt; He fancies it, doesn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I feel like Dave was spot on. It's the fight with much less amateur pedigree that you're you're wanting to keep boxing and keep jabbing cuz he really is working nice behind that jab. He's almost jabbing the head of Bow at times. &gt;&gt; Dave's got him two up Tony level. &gt;&gt; Lovely. It's just basic work, isn't it? Just staying low, throwing that down. &gt;&gt; Oh, right hand from Bowen. HE GOES AFTER ALL A good way. Ken finds himself INSIDE THE FIRST MINUTE OF THE FIFTH AND HIS LEGS JUST BETRAYED him there. And it is the hardhitting Aaron Bowen who's got all the time in the world. If he can detonate another one, he tries WITH THE RIGHT HAND. COWING HAS GOT TO MOVE. HE'S got to get close. He's got to get close. He can throw from distance. The long right hand is where all the apes. &gt;&gt; He's trying to throw his way out of trouble though. He's not trying to hold. He's not trying to run. Oh, a good left hook lands, but a bit heavier hands you'd think when they train him like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look at this from Bowen and the uppercut on the inside. Well, he's brave here. Cowing electing to go with him. Oh, and again, it's that EXTRA POWER OF AARON BOWEN. AND HE'S IN BIG TROUBLE NOW. Cing just out of range with that jab. Blood from both nose &gt;&gt; and this is a little more attention though he calling all he right hand and again every time he just gets one through clean. You can see the legs of cowing but &gt;&gt; he's controlled here Bowen and he hasn't been in the past &gt;&gt; session cow in this round but here still pushing him back. Good right hand THOUGH FROM UP AND NOW BOWEN HAS TO SHIP THE PUNCHES, THE SMILE THROUGH THAT SKY blue gum shield, but the blood from the nose and he says, "Come on then, let's have a scrap." And that's why they love him from again. That jab that that jab that comes up is so hard to defend against. It just it was a nice little rhythm to shot. He didn't load up like he's doing now. these heavy shots. So far, Poland has taken for these. Well, what a shot. LOOK AT THIS. The two of them going toe to toe. Warriors in the Midlands area. &gt;&gt; This has been brilliant. &gt;&gt; Shot there from &gt;&gt; Bowen's HEARD HIM I THINK JUST SLIGHTLY. And he knows it. CAN SURVIVE? TWO MINUTES to go. Well, &gt;&gt; another from Look at this. counting trading and boo again. &gt;&gt; Christine scores this contest 9594 for your winner by split decision and the new Midlands area middleweight champion Tan Kelly. The lovehate Marmite box office appeal, the showmanship, the 3 and 12 million Insta following makes him one of the most appealing sporting athletes on the planet. But still big questions ahead in this professional journey. He's 28 now, match debut of course alongside Eddie Hearn, but in with Benjamin Gavati. The battle of the Benz. The ability and work ethic is there, but it is a sharkinfested 12 stone seven division. Lovely body shot and a big right hand in the first ROUND INSIDE THE opening two minutes. It was blaring hand speed from Whitaker. accuracy looks at his corner says he's intent on making another statement and Gavazi looks open and novicey. A class, absolute class that was didn't load up with anything. It was the speed as you say, the accuracy and the placement. Look at this BIG SHOTS. KAMASI IN A HEAP of what a knockout. Benuica shines at home in Birmingham in facil fashion destroying Benjamin Gavi. He's still undefeated. And the new WBC silver light heavyweight champion, the surgeon, Ben Whitaker.