Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Stockton, [music] California, home to actress Jamie Lee Curtis, musician Chris Isaak, Las Vegas Raiders head coach Pete Carroll, and of course [music] the legendary MMA stars Nick and Nate Diaz. But tonight, it is center stage for Diego [music] Pacheco, who takes on Kevin Lele Sadjo in what Pacheco hopes will be the final test before a potential world title shot. Now, a four-fight show for you here tonight from [music] the Adventist Health Arena. Of course, that main event between Pacheco and Kevin Lele Sadjo at the top of the [music] bill. Two high-level boxers in our opening contest as we take a look at the tale of the tape. Now, you see the height [music] on your screen. However, we are of the belief that 5 ft is not an accurate measurement for Yulihan Luna based on what we saw during the staredowns. And you also see Luna [music] much longer than Skye Nicolson as well. So, Nicolson at an advantage when it comes to the [music] measurables in this one. Aggressive. Nicolson could be aggressive with that jab, that long jab. She just needs to pick it up cuz it's always coming from the hips. So, if she can pick up that jab and start doubling and tripling away in, that's how she uses her her height and reach advantage. Snappy jab there from Nicolson a moment ago. He landed a couple to the body as Luna falls short with that right hand. Yeah, it's almost like a establishing a bit of a force field, Sergio. You're giving Luna something to worry about at all times, if especially if she wants to try to get to the inside like that. There it is. And you keep checking You keep checking with that punch, and you keep using that advantage of a southpaw. Moving to Moving to her left. Moving to Luna's left. See the punch totals through three rounds, dead even in terms of punches landed. And Luna a little busier as well, but that is a beautiful check hook from Skye Nicolson. That check hook's been landing over and over and over, and it's keeping Luna at bay. Final 15 seconds of the round as Nicolson just continues to lead the dance here. Running Luna into another check hook. Target practice for Nicolson with that right hand. Another left hand right down the pipe. Two to go here in our opener. Coming after her in the final 10 seconds of a dominant performance here in California. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Skye Nicolson dominated a two-division world champion in Yulihan Luna. Luna's excited cheering, but I don't know what it What exactly she's feeling or seeing because this was all Skye Nicolson. And the new WBC interim super bantamweight champion, Skye Nicolson. And we take a look at the [music] tale of the tape for this super lightweight clash. &gt;&gt; he doesn't throw that many punches, but when he does throw punches, they land solid. Shot to the body that climbs the ladder with a beautiful left hook. EXCEPTIONALLY BIG RIGHT HAND AND MORAN IS IN a world of trouble. THAT IS WHY I DON'T AGREE with the actuality of it. It is very tough to keep that man off you for more than a FEW ROUNDS. MERCADO PROMISED THAT HE would get Moran out of there early. And that was a sledgehammer of a right hand. &gt;&gt; That power is real, man. That power is scary cuz it's accurate. He landed behind technique. That torque COMES BEHIND THE LOWER BODY. And And that power is still good because he slings it. And the power goes all the way to the end of the shot, just like that. Wicked left hook there from Mercado. Moran touches the canvas, but that will be ruled a slip. Tell you what, guys. He felt that one, though. That left hook landed with that, and that's the reason he fell off balance. Oh, WHAT AN UPPERCUT THERE FROM TITO MERCADO. MORAN'S LEGS ALL OVER THE PLACE, AND DOWN HE GOES. TITO MERCADO SAID HE WANTED TO get Moran out of here earlier than Devin Haney did. He's got about a minute left to do it. I like the body language of the face The facial expressions of Antonio Moran. You can see that Mercado's going to go IN FOR THE KILL. PLENTY OF TIME for Mercado to work with here in the sixth round. Another left hook CONNECTS THERE FROM MERCADO. Look at how patient he is with the power, trying to set up the right punch. There's Mercado. &gt;&gt; WHAT A RIGHT HAND FROM MERCADO. DOWN HE GOES, AND THE FUTURE of this division has arrived. &gt;&gt; BEANTOWN HAS a new star, potential world champion in Ernesto TITO MERCADO. WHAT A PERFORMANCE. And we take a look at [music] the tale of the tape for our co-feature, Jo Cordina and Gabriel Flores Jr. Triple left hand there from Flores. Good combination as he's acknowledged by Cordina. Comes back with a shot. What a wicked body shot there. Nice left hand to the body and a pull counter right hand. Flores didn't like that body shot. You can tell he It was a left hand to the body. I He acted kind of funny right now. Cordina should go back downstairs to the body and dig at the ribs. He feels that his arrangement right now Good right hand there from Flores, but back comes Cordina. The arrangement he has right now, train in Vegas, but then come back to fight at home and get that energy is the best of both worlds. Some of that athleticism. Good shot there by Flores. And connects there from Flores. Yeah, that landed cleanly on the temple. Cordina took that well. Messed stuff up and bounce. Get back home and celebrate. &gt;&gt; Punch landed right there. And that's a right hand that almost produced a knockdown. I think that was a good call by the referee. Bit of a shoulder bump toss to put Flores on the deck. That's what I've been seeing. Like I've been seeing like that right hand right there is a beautiful right hand followed by a lazy jab. That is a big moment here. One point being taken away from Joe Cordina. Multiple warnings were given by the referee. And look, Joe Cordina has thrown a few rabbit punches in this fight. And Gabriel Flores has done well turning off the aggression at times, but not enough. Good combination. Look at this combination from Cordina. Flores trying to fire back, but now trying to grab a hold. Flores might be in a little bit of trouble here. And Cordina just resists the urge to probably pick up another foul. One more. I mean, the combination of pressure &gt;&gt; What a shot right hand from Cordina. Flores is out. He's out on his feet, guys. Flores in major trouble. ANOTHER CHOPPING RIGHT HAND from Cordina. Flores got a hold here. Cordina better start loading up on THOSE UPPERCUTS. IT'S RIGHT THERE. IT'S RIGHT OPEN FOR HIM. FLORES is squaring up. Joe Cordina on the brink of spoiling the HOMETOWN PARADE. FINAL 10 SECONDS of round 11. The temperament of an old champion. Joe Cordina showing you right now, just taking his time, LOOKING FOR THE RIGHT SHOT. Flores still on his feet. One round to go. Joe Cordina, excellent game plan from Gary Lockett. This is just the kind of win you were looking for for Joe Cordina, and you're ready to take that next step back to the championship level. One final left hook there from Cordina, and that will do it. Excellent. Brilliant performance. I mean, I love the fact that he came into his hometown, and he took it away from him. All right, ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action here in Stockton, we go to the judges' scorecards. Mark Lyson, 117-110. David Soliven, 115-112. Rey Venesco, 114-113. All three. For your winner by unanimous decision, and the new WBO International Lightweight Champion, the Welsh Wizard, Joe Cordina. We take a look at the tale of the tape, and the difference [music] is stark. Our main event, Diego Pacheco Kevin Lele Sadjo, and it promises to be an explosive one. Makabu got stopped, but it was in a championship level fight with Caleb Plant, where he was able to drop Plant. Pacheco flashing a little hand speed. These are good combinations from Diego Pacheco. They are going to pay off for him as these rounds come on. There you go. There you go. That's a good way to get away from the corner there. Pivot away, but stay right in front of your opponent. Don't back up and give him all the canvas. Make Sadjo work back in you up. Chopping right hands connecting there from Pacheco. An encouraging sign there as well. We're seeing it right here. Pacheco taking the initiative here in this clinch, moving Sadjo around. Yeah, and also moving his head from one side to the other, avoiding those head clashes from the aggressive Sadjo. I just don't think his footwork's at an elite level. He doesn't do a lot of stepping around. He doesn't move around the ring. He's backwards and forwards. Sorry. He just don't That's to me is the most glaring weakness in his game, the footwork. Cordina's global, Sergio. Good body work there from Pacheco. &gt;&gt; Oh, good shot over the top by Pacheco. &gt;&gt; over the top. The rough stuff continues, but the action picking up mildly here in the fifth round. BIG LEFT HOOK FROM SADJO. THAT'S A KNOCK OUT. I'M TELLING YOU MAN, Pacheco is not there. He might not be there and that left hook opened up a cut. ON THE RIGHT EYE OF DIEGO PACHECO. There's a lot of time left in this round too. That was a picture perfect left hook. Pacheco letting that upper cut go on the inside but there's another another right hand from Sagio. And you stick your chin up against Sagio, he's going to find it. Nice right hand there for Pacheco and a right hand to the body as well. &gt;&gt; It was a short right hand. He didn't pull that right back. He got an angle and threw a short right hand. I think he finally got something from Sagio. &gt;&gt; Here we go. This is the rally that Pacheco HAS BEEN LOOKING FOR. PACHECO TURNING IT ALL AROUND HERE in the 11th. It all started with that short right hand. HE GOT AN ANGLE AND FINALLY LANDED a short six six inch PUNCH THAT HE GOT. But it wasn't the punch or the power, it was the angle that actually surprised and hurt Sagio. Final seconds of round 11. AND THERE'S THE ADJUSTMENT we've been waiting for from Pacheco. All can be forgotten if Pacheco can put a knock out in this final round. A counter upper cut from Pacheco. Sagio making this a grind all the way to the final bell. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; I think in the end, Sagio even in defeat implemented more of his strategy than Diego Pacheco did in victory. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Final moments. Still getting hit with looping shots as Pacheco closed the end. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; It was unpleasant at times. For the reigning and the WBC silver and WBO international super middleweight champion, Diego Pacheco.