Kind: captions Language: en [music] &gt;&gt; Welcome to the Caribe Royale Orlando, a four diamond paradise [music] retreat where tonight relaxation and luxury meets the sweet science as Carlos [music] Adames defends his WBC middleweight championship against Austin "Ammo" Williams [music] in what should be a cracker of a main event. &gt;&gt; the main event, Adames versus [music] Williams. Our co-main, Amari Jones from right here in Orlando. He's undefeated coming [music] off the first fight of his career that went the distance. His prior fights had all ended by knockout. He'll be taking on Christian Gomez, Jacob Gomez and Corey Marksman, [music] former sparring partners, a lot of bad blood and both are convinced they have the other fighters number. And of course there's that heavyweight showdown I mentioned, eight rounds to [music] start the show. All right. This is good This is good right here, okay gentlemen? So you stay in this room. Terrell "The Savage" Gausha said he once weighed over 300 lb. Said he wanted to look like Big George Foreman in there, but said he couldn't walk up the stairs after his fights. He was so exhausted, so decided to lean out a little bit. Now he's 40 lb lighter and looks much better. Well, he's told us this week multiple people have confused him for Jason Momoa. Aquaman. So Harper will Oh, Gausha said he made it out of the first round, but he won't make it out. That is it! Terrell "The Savage" Gausha! His path of destruction continues. Add another first round knockout in that man's rough resume. Terrell "The Savage" Gausha, Terrell "The Savage" Gausha with another destruction in under 3 minutes. &gt;&gt; Gausha's 14 and 0, does [music] have a draw, eight knockouts. Marksman from nearby Sanford, Florida, 12 and 0 with a draw as well. Anytime I'm I'm studying southpaws and once I see that hook come around slinging it, I'm like, Yeah, this this guy is good. That right there is right there. And that clipped Gomez it appeared a little bit. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it did. Got him again with a right hand and this crowd is fired up. But Marksman's got to be careful not to get carried away, Sergio. &gt;&gt; Yeah, both of them exchanging hooks right now, but it was Marksman the one that got the best of them, but it just woke up Gomez. 19-19 even to start this fight. I thought that Marksman squeezed out the first round after a terrific finish to it, but the second round I thought the activity of Gomez was not going to sneak it out. Easily could be too roughing either way. Hurry up and wrap it up. There's too much action, Chris. Shut your pie hole as Gomez is giving it to Marksman now here in the third. &gt;&gt; Gomez is giving upstairs. It's Marksman digging downstairs. I mean, look, the the the the headshots look sexy, but Marksman is actually investing [music] downstairs on some good body shots. And that will slow down the speed and slow on the legs and the sharpness of Marksman as well. Oh, nice right hand from Marksman as Gomez just couldn't get out of the way. Might have rocked Gomez. See, right there he should be flanking. He should be stepping aside, but I don't know if Gomez has that in his arsenal. I don't know if he has footwork like that. Cuz he's being broken down right now by the heavier puncher and the heavier punches of Marksman. And Gomez may have blood coming out of his mouth right now. He's got one free hand. And you're a big fan of that. You got a free hand, let it flow, right? &gt;&gt; flow. The referee's letting you punch, you know, punch and grab, then go ahead and do it. Ooh. Oh, hand speed. All three of those shots landed cleanly and that's because Gomez he forgot about the upper body movement. No more footwork. This is when fatigue starts setting in and this is when speed starts taking over. What a fighter. And another right from Marksman. 10 seconds to go and you know Marksman's going to throw to the bell. So will Gomez as the crowd rises to their feet here at the Caribe Royale. Bravo, boys. Bravo. That was a beautiful display of power boxing. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Three for your winner by unanimous decision, he's still undefeated and the new WBA Continental Americas lightweight champion, Corey "Smooth" Marksman. What a moment for Corey "Smooth" Marksman and all his fans who made the quick trip down the interstate from Sanford, Florida. Amari Jones, five wins, four knockouts, taking on Gomez who's 5'7" and 32 years old. Jones is not giving him that. &gt;&gt; think he's here to do anything, Sergio. I think he's here to go the full eight round distance. He told us this week he had to get on the inside. He's made no effort so far to get on the inside. &gt;&gt; that's what I'm talking about. See that left hand? There There we go. He is trying to do something, Mannix. He's catching and countering. He threw an uppercut earlier. He can't compete with the height, range, speed, or power of Amari Jones, so he just has to settle for one shot. Gomez has not landed a power punch at all. And that's the that that's the beauty of of Jones. Right there Jones should have taken advantage of the off balance of the heavier feet of Gomez. Anytime a hard puncher, a heavy-handed puncher misses, they're going to fall off balance. You know, they're they're they're accustomed to hitting something always, so take advantage anytime you have a a fighter with heavy hands and heavy feet missing. Sugar Ray Leonard killer instinct, Oscar De La Hoya killer instinct. You know, they did it when they had their opponent pummeled and ready to quit, ready to, you know, be taken out of there. I think O'Mari Jones is comfortable with cruise control now. I I don't think he's going to try to get the stoppage or try to take any more chances. He knows he's in there with a tough Mexican. Ladies and gentlemen, after eight rounds of action here at the Caribe Royale Orlando, we go to the judges score totals. All three judges scored this bout identically, 80 to 72 for your winner. He's still undefeated, O'Mari "Tank" Jones. No drama for those score cards. 80 to 72 as Jones improves to 6 and 0. WBC middleweight champion of the world puts his title on the line against a very confident Ammo Williams who said, "This is my coronation." Mexican, man. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; A pair. Chris Mannix, good luck scoring that first round. That was very tight. We'll see Chris's unofficial score card throughout this main event. I like I I edged it to Ammo. I I liked the I liked the jab. I liked the the range he was keeping. Adames was having trouble &gt;&gt; And a right hand from Adames drops Ammo Williams! &gt;&gt; That's the shot that Carlos Adames was talking about all this fight week. Straight right hand down the middle. Again, he said there's nothing complicated about fighting this guy. He's basically doesn't have strategies. This shot is how I'm going to win. Let's see if Adames can end this right here, right now in round two. Caught him again! Williams is going to fight or flight. He's going to fight! But he's fought back well. Had a decent third round. But it's This is the Ammo we thought we were going to see. Throwing lots of punches trying to back Adames on his back foot. And now they're really exchanging. And this is what Ammo wants. Ammo wants this type of fight, but you can see that Adames is trying to punch in between the shots. I still like the fact that Ammo went for it, but he better be careful cuz Adames is a slick veteran. He's a champion. He knows how to punch in between shots. Great body shots. &gt;&gt; Oh, that was low. That was low. Just a smart veteran and a and a smart champion is Adames. Got Williams in the corner here. Let's see if he unleashes a little bit. &gt;&gt; No, he won't. And that's what I'm talking about, smart. He He's a throwback fighter, but he's respecting the young power in front of him. Caught him with a couple of right hands there. That was brilliant. They're both letting their hands fly like this is the final minute of the fight. This is great action. &gt;&gt; Adames is giving a chance for Ammo to land something big and I think he just did. Adames should not fight fire with fire with this young fighter right now. He should punch and dip and get out of the way. Use your smart veteran tactics. Get in the middle of the ring. Boy, Williams, that leg came lifted off the canvas. His body might be betraying him a little bit right now. The body shot by Adames. Here's a man with only 47 amateur fights dealing with a fighter with 300 amateur fights in Adames. That's a big big disparity. &gt;&gt; Now the conditioning of Adames has been really good. You go back to the fight against Patrick Teixeira. There's some good work from Williams. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that fight against Teixeira back at 154 lbs, he gassed out in the second half of that fight. Made some changes after that that have really improved his conditioning as his career moved forward. &gt;&gt; Tell what, I'm almost listening to Kevin Cunningham. He He is throwing those uppercuts and he is landing a few of them. I'm almost caught up with a with a half punch coming in and and it just uh caught him in the wrong place. I don't think it was it buckled his knees, but it did it did look like Oh, that clipped him and knocked his mouthpiece out. And now Ammo is really backing up. &gt;&gt; Oh, man, that was a good shot. Right on the temple. Oh, good right from Williams. Body shot from Adames. This is good stuff. This is throwing back fighting. This is mano a mano. This is power versus power. A minute and a half to go has Williams thrown everything he has. And can Adames get the stoppage that you can tell he wants so desperately? And still the WBC middleweight champion of the world, Carlos Caballo Bronco Adames. &gt;&gt; [music] [cheering] &gt;&gt; What a win for Carlos Adames. Sergio, you tell me, was that the best you've seen him look? Who [screaming] are you? My name is Asia Reeves. Pray. I am going to forgive you. They will kill you. &gt;&gt; Rated R, March 27th.