Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; A stellar undercard on the way as you can see there. Aston takes on Sam Gilly. Last time out, Aston Brown became the Celtic middleweight champion. And Gilly is coming off that loss to Ishmail Davis last November. And then it is Royston Barney Smith up against Connor Macintosh the Baker of Super Fatherweight British and Commonwealth titles on the line in that one as is Barney Smith's unbeaten record. And then it is the young hot prospect John Carrian up against Harley Hods. And then we have Dylan Arbuckle up against Nico Levers and the British title is on the line in that one. &gt;&gt; Dylan Arbuckle who's 27. He's undefeated. is a sharp shooter who's a good amateur, but he's in with Nico Levers. &gt;&gt; Okay, boys, you've had your instructions. Remember, BMI commands at all time. Defend yourselves at all time. God bless. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Jab from Arbuckle early. He's got the amateur style, but he might be under pressure, Carl. The um they might blend really well here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's looking good so far. reliever to start a fire aggressively but Arbuckle was trying to remain calm. It's almost like he expected this to be the start of the fight trying to box up the back foot having some success here already. &gt;&gt; Leather flying Barry in the opening minute. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, this lever with a fast but timing quite well. So lovely right hand few seconds ago from our buckle and then a response there straight back from Levers. &gt;&gt; Levers a mark under the left eye already written around the face of Arbuckle. seeking out process both of these down. Right hand from Arbuckle. Back comes Lever. THEY WANT TO SHOOT OUT and the fans are loving it. &gt;&gt; I'm liking what I'm seeing from Lever here early on in the fight. &gt;&gt; Some good stuff as well from from Arbuckle, but there's not enough of it. He's throwing that one two but it's almost like a one one rather than the speed of a one two if you know what I mean. Much better on believe it. More more accurate as well. Certainly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But we just slow down here. Understandable, &gt;&gt; but he's just controlling it, isn't he? Nico Levers in this second round. First was tight and very, very hectic. HE'S PICKING HIS PUNCHES WELL HERE. THE MAN from Lfield goes missing. Come on, you've got him hurt. Just go about your business. &gt;&gt; But it leaves you setting the pace. That's what he had to react to. Good shot from over. That's a bit of a battle I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just catching Nikolas static with the head and being marked up around both eyes and weathering a storm here and coming back with some quality shots. A &gt;&gt; lot of pride on the leg here tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's something about the long style bars mentioning Alex Arer earlier. What a fight he had with Michael Gomez over in Edinburgh many years ago. our friends Matt Macklin and Jamie Moore. So many good scraps over the years for this coveted title and these two want to provide us another &gt;&gt; fascinating fight, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, just period there were I mean fast enough in the corner because you just give him a few seconds. Listen to me. Can you see &gt;&gt; just blinking quite awkwardly there with the marks under the eyes levers but battle hardened &gt;&gt; youngster from Mansfield is ahead. He's pulling out. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's having a word with Victor Lachland. There's a problem. Maybe it's the eyes. &gt;&gt; I think they're going to pull him out here. &gt;&gt; And the fight is done. And Nico Levers is retired on his store. Maybe it was the eye problem. And now the British super banttoweight champion, Dillian Arbuckle. Really excited about this young man. He could be very, very good. John Joe Carrian. And he's um got a decent professional in front of him. a win one lose one sort of type in Harley Hods. &gt;&gt; Hey guys, you both know the rules. Listen my commands at all times. Defend yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; The early education continuing for the bright prospect from Carlilele. John Joe Carrian two out of two both by &gt;&gt; stoppage &gt;&gt; as he's in with a more experienced pro Harley. 12th outing for the Portsmouth fighter. Let's see how he copes with the southpaw style, the speed, the amateur quality. Barry, you see much of him. &gt;&gt; He's very impressive, hasn't he? He's been really, really good. I you know, you know, you have a potential star when they're flashy, but they're spiteful with it. And he is both of those things, isn't he? He likes to be flash and short. You see how quick he moves his feet at times and slightly showboat, but with it there's a nastiness that he wants to get you out there today. He wants to hurt you. You can see it from his eyes. &gt;&gt; He was emphatic in his pro debut. Didn't get cut, but his hand speed was dazzling. Second time out, he was good again. Look at that left hand. Hodgees didn't see it coming, and he might not make this. The count is at 67. It's a knockout within the first minute OF THE FIRST ROUND FOR JOHN JOE CARAGAN. Star boy starring again. And it was one shot and that was very very impressive. Maybe it's the leg the way he fell awkwardly and it was he tried to get up but it was never going to happen. Maybe &gt;&gt; when you get caught with a shot like that your body falls backwards but your legs don't give way. So I mean you can snap an ankle, you can do do ligament on your knee. All sorts of things can happen. &gt;&gt; Colin was in the corner earlier had the jack bait in didn't it in his fight a few months ago. Yeah. And he's Yeah. Yeah, he's just hobbling on the leg. He's okay. I think he'll be all right. Harley Hodgers, let's have a a rewatch of that shot. I mean, &gt;&gt; see, it doesn't look hard. It doesn't look It doesn't look super fast and the angle's not unseable. You see it here, but the timing is just lovely. Look at that. Just skips in with two little short short steps with the feet and just nice and smooth down the middle. &gt;&gt; 54 seconds of round number one. Our referee in charge, Darren Maxwell, reaches the count of 10. Therefore, your winner by way of knockout and still undefeated, Star Boy John JOE CARRIAN. Really looking forward to seeing this one. British and Commonwealth belts on the line. the young hope from the south coast. He's razled and dazzled us, hasn't he? But he's in with a tough guy, Connor Mintosh. &gt;&gt; Okay, guys. Spoke to you both in the dressing room. You both know I expect keep it clean. Break straight away when told both you watch your heads in close. Good luck to you both. Touch gloves. God bless. &gt;&gt; Good luck, lads. &gt;&gt; He's a young boy, inexper reasonably inexperienced anyway, but um he looks to be taking on a stride here and boxing well instead of only 30 seconds. Oh, to head and body. Sharp shots already. Lovely jab and a left hand and he walked into that Mintosh. This is a really good start from Royston Barley Smith with siling punches, fast, accurate &gt;&gt; and boxing well here cuz there was a lot of pressure there from Macintosh. Again, the right idea, the right intent, just a little bit smarter with his approach. Mintosh, that chin's a bit high and he's going to roll into the into the movement. &gt;&gt; He's being countered. Head and body work with the jab from Royston Barney Smith. All 15 victories so far and that's just quality. &gt;&gt; And look, Bar mentioned the chin is a bit high, but that the problem he's going to have here is Royce and Barney Smith is has got great timing, a great shot selection. And with him coming forward and his momentum, he could just walk onto one and that could be the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is business. And this is where Royston Barney Smith wants to be razor sharp. BODY SHOT REALLY HURTS HIM. BENT HIM OVER almost minute and a half into this second round and that was a sicker and he knows it. Barney Smith, can he follow up to the head? He does. And Conor Mintosh in trouble here in the neutral corner. &gt;&gt; He's short on the left. That was impressive there from from Smith. &gt;&gt; He all LONG SHOT AND he has to take a count. HE NEARLY WENT DOWN FROM THE FIRST, BUT HE DID FROM THE SECOND. He's brave. HE'S GAME. HE LISTENS TO HOWARD FOSTER'S COUNT. HE'S GOT A MINUTE TO SURVIVE. ENZO MINELLI LOOKING WORRIED. This guy BARNEY SMITH FOLDS OVER CONOR MINTOSH AND HE'S GOING TO BE KNOCKED OUT HERE IN THE SECOND ROUND. HE'LL NEVER MAKE IT. &gt;&gt; How many? 40 SECONDS LEFT AND I THINK THE FIGHT SHOULD BE OVER HERE AND NOW. HE'S IN NO STATE TO CONTINUE. &gt;&gt; And there is a new British and Commonwealth super featherweight champion, Sugar Boy Roy, shimmering, glittering in gold. And he wins the domestic and Commonwealth belts in two rounds of brilliance, the class, the precision, the accuracy. &gt;&gt; But the thought behind it, Adam, because he punches high to throw low. He did try it again the second time. He punches high to throw low. So, he's lifting those elbows up on purpose to whip that body shot around the middle. So, he knows what he's going to do. He's not just throwing for the sake of throwing it. Still undefeated. And now the British and Commonwealth super featherweight champion, SUGAR BOY SMITH. A really good chief support here. Great stories, the pair of them. Aston Brown, nine and0 from here in Glasgow. And then there's Sam Gilly. Really good, tough fighter. Former Commonwealth champion, but at the weight below. This is a risk as the guys were saying. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Oh, the grip kind of sling right hand back comes from action just heating up. Last 30 of the first round looks very relaxed Sam Gilly to me. Good body shot when he knows that Aston Brown hasn't gone beyond six rounds. He wants to drag him late but just cranking up the pressure and smiling at him, talking to him in that. Just straight down the pike from Gilly. Look for the body shot as Brown tries to open up. Let's see if Gilly can take it. He's dishing IT BACK TO HIM AND CATCHING BROWN. A good chopping right hand from Brown. Barry came back at the end of the second, but I agree with you. I thought Gillian has nicked the first two. Right hand again from Guinea. The eye catching punches. Back comes Brown. He's got a beverish support here. You have to be the guy moving forward to control the pace to control the action. He just wants the timing and just the quickness of getting in the round. This has BEEN A FABULOUS PERFORMANCE from Sam Gill. He's just about up to his feet. Paul Williams has given HIM EVERY CHANCE, BUT THERE'S A MINUTE 38 LEFT IN THE ROUND. AND THIS IS SAM GILLY'S RESURRECTION NIGHT. He can take it right here and right now. AND IT'S GOING TO BE SAM GILLY WITH A MASSIVE WIN AWAY FROM HOME. AND ARE YOU WATCHING THAT OLLIE M? BECAUSE HE'S SINGING IN THE RING. SAM GILLY. DO YOU KNOW what it goes to show? If you take opportunities and you roll the dice sometimes. He arrived earlier tonight and he said to me, "This is my night." And he has gone from first bell to the stoppage in the fifth and he has executed a sweet win. Winner by way of technical knockout. And now the WBA International Middleweight Champion SAM THE MAGIC man kill. &gt;&gt; Yep. It's a fascinating encounter. Rematches often are the judges couldn't split them last time. We thought Collins nicked it. He certainly won those early rounds, but Lente came right back at him. And that sixth round, one of the best rounds of 2025. What happens next? Okay boys, I've already spoken to you both. You know what I expect. Stay professional. Obey my commands and most of all protect yourself at all times. Carol P Olympia Des protect your tenants to the momento. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Nathan Colin, Nathaniel Colin, sorry, is someone I've liked for for a long time. Um, oh, it's a lovely shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, beautiful work there with the left hand. the southpaw of Collins that's won the British and Commonwealth titles, but it's the European, former European champion in front of him who's hardened and effective. Good right hand from Lorente. Back comes Collins just warming up here in the second round. He's got that herky jerky style just gets clocked again. Just the combination. Scottish fans like that. &gt;&gt; And then he moved around the target naturally with the shots and made it a little bit harder for Lorente to fire off him cuz that's what he likes to do. As Carol already said, he likes to fire off your punches. Good shot. Good shot from Collins and it woke Lorente up. &gt;&gt; Look at that from Lorente as the Spanish corner alongside us yell out and just losing his shape slightly. Not quite as accurate. Oh, good shot from Collins. Where did that come from in the sixth round which was THE H DIGGER SESSION in October? And now we have a shift in the plot and he's found the knockdown when he needed it. Just wading in Lorente. &gt;&gt; He's given Lorente confidence here. A good shot from Lorente. YEAH, &gt;&gt; HE'S ASKED for that Collins. &gt;&gt; Yeah, HE'S CAUGHT HIM HERE at the back end of the six. &gt;&gt; Last 20 seconds and now it's Collins who seems hurt in another dramatic sixth round. History repeating itself and Lorenzo is throwing everything at Nathaniel Collins who suddenly you feel needs the bell. Extraordinary stuff. Lent on the floor for the last 45 seconds. looked like he was bossing it. &gt;&gt; Not to take anything away from Durant's performance, but Collins looks to be extremely flat. &gt;&gt; Good work from Lorente. More blood to the nose. Lovely uppercut on the inside. Not known as a huge punch to Lorente. Collins comes back with one, but again, these combinations are getting through. 45 left in the 11th round. It's been a bit more nip and tuck. And here he comes, the Spaniard. It's that old trick Barry of catching the eye of the judges. &gt;&gt; He's going to need the rest. &gt;&gt; I think yeah, Collins is having some success and like you said at the start, but Lorente just does enough. Lands another couple of shots and I know Victor, he's only a few feet away from it, but not a good shot there. Yeah, Granty's leg stepping a little bit. He's holding on. &gt;&gt; Has landing good shots tonight at times, but very sporadically Nathaniel Collins. It's not been that consistency. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the all together boxing display that he wanted. You can tell by how he's fading and and I feel like Collins thinks that he's behind in terms of how he's fighting. But for me, Lorante, a a great performer from him. 10 seconds to go. These two have done it again. It will go to the cards. Nathaniel Collins, Crystal Lorente. We go to the judges scorecards and we have a split decision. &gt;&gt; Here we go again. &gt;&gt; Judge Giovani Poji scores it 116 to 111 in favor of Nathaniel Collins &gt;&gt; by five. The Italian. Wow. &gt;&gt; Judge Barry Lindenman scores it 115 to 112 in favor of Christoval Lorente. What a wide variety. &gt;&gt; And judge Victor Laughlin scores it 115 to 112 for your winner of the WBC final eliminator AND NEW WBC silver featherweight champion.