Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone. Brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Okay, both boxes. Keep your punches up. Watch your heads inside. Defend yourselves at all times. Obey my commands at all times. Touch gloves back your corner. &gt;&gt; He looks big, doesn't he? Slightly heavier on the scouts yesterday, but he hasn't lost any speed as he good aggression on the front foot and you know, you said it there. Ticks a lot of boxes and what a time to be a young heavyweight in the division. was searching for his next stars potentially. He could be while Leo Tang getting that. &gt;&gt; It's that speed, isn't it? That's what gets you. Once he lands with a good shot, he accelerates in his three, four, five punches that that follow up. &gt;&gt; 15 seconds left. And he might have to go back to Ash in the corner for a minute at the end of this attack. And that won't be a bad thing. Betta almost knocked off his feet there. That would be a fight down the line, wouldn't it? A tower or an attack. We can dream of a few years. &gt;&gt; That's so nice. As I say, these emerging stars. This is really good work. Dropping to the body. A right hand crept through the guard as well. Took it well through set, but he's not taking his foot off the gas here. No, he's got the pedal there on a tang. Not rushing his work as you said Barry before, but now he wants the finish. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's trying to pick his shots while they see him going around the elbow with that left hook. Leo Tang and Amin Busetta means that if he wants to maintain the 100% knockout ratio, he's got six minutes to do something about it. It's all a tang. He's won the first two clearly. And that body shot there just thumps in. You could hear it and feel it. &gt;&gt; You could. And there's that purpose. &gt;&gt; Barry took a knee there just in case. &gt;&gt; Here we go. Now just off Q Barry Jones who said it does take a knee and looks at his corner and winks at us. I'm not sure how much more he wants of this. It's over. Yep. Leo attack does get the stoppage victory. And I think Busousetta had felt the power in the first couple of rounds and it was a lovely clean shot that got the job done. &gt;&gt; Okay ladies, if a cold break I expect to take a step back. Don't deliberately throw punches on the back of the head. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck. &gt;&gt; It's the 10th fight for Gensson. &gt;&gt; She's won eight. &gt;&gt; This is by far the biggest night of her life. Nice right hand there. End of the first round. &gt;&gt; And that's not the first right hand she down there. She's got a decent first round here. &gt;&gt; She's so naturally powerful and every punch is thrown with cruel intentions. break. &gt;&gt; I mean, she hardly celebrated, did she? After the Beatric Ferrer fight, she just sort of took it all in her stride. I think at the beginning of the fifth round, Sunny, she pulled the trigger to one side and just said, "I want to get on with this." &gt;&gt; And and she really did. And I think by the end of that round, the fight was over. And she barely cracked a smile until she was crowned. And then, oh, rugby tactics here to end that round. Yeah, she took a left hook there and she's gone down again. I feel like the first time there was a punch that led to her knee being on the front and that time again. You can't just start taking a shot and then heading to the ground. &gt;&gt; The legs definitely stiffened there from Jensen. And &gt;&gt; there's the right hand. &gt;&gt; Just a tad more accurate. &gt;&gt; That's getting closer. that right hook and she won't stop. &gt;&gt; An ice cold demeanor. &gt;&gt; Been warned by the referee a few times for that. &gt;&gt; Oh, lovely right hand. &gt;&gt; The leg stiffened up then. &gt;&gt; Yep, that was the shot that she's been looking for. It looked down at a corner there. Alif turn and the bell's going to come and save the Australian and she needs it. Gum shield loose. She was hurt there at the end of a very good round for Alif near and a huge underdog. Barry Taylor Gensson before this, but there was just a nice relaxed composed look, but she's been hurt again like she was at the back end of the eighth and still on her feet. &gt;&gt; Looks at a CORNER THOUGH. A MINUTE TO go and is that the sign that the golden t needed to attack and attack ferociously here. She's hurt and she's in trouble. The Australian last 10. Has she done enough? the champion. &gt;&gt; I think so. And in this last round as well, winning this last round, the lovely right hand. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Just less from Jensen in the last three or four. &gt;&gt; For your winner by split decision AND STILL THE IBF lightweight champion of the world, Alif Nurhan. &gt;&gt; Okay guys, EU championship super featherweight title. Okay. Watch your head. The back of your head. This is the line of the logo. Okay, I was watch &gt;&gt; big opportunity this for both. It really is to capture the European title. Really catapults you up the rankings of the governing body. So you're not far away at all from a world title shot. Something really significant. So a win a must here for both. &gt;&gt; Fast hands there of Pley looking to work the body early. Became a European champion when it looked like he wouldn't. round &gt;&gt; hit those heights but he had a great Indian summer to his own career. How will his charge do in this European title till it's a vacant belt? &gt;&gt; That's really a good start. &gt;&gt; Really good work there, Adam. Sorry. The way he changed the levels there. Kept him nice and sharp. He went back upstairs with a left. Intelligent boxing and then moves the feet. It's always important that your feet come out the fence. You don't want to undo the good work you've done. I think it's one of the best starts to a fight I've seen from Josh Powley. Took time to get going against Ree Botti. That was a close affair. And Ree AND JOSH SHOWS HE CAN BE AS WELL WITH A LEFT HOOK THAT FLAWS IN BELI. HE WAS HURT PREVIOUSLY A COUPLE OF TIMES IN THIS SECOND ROUND. And Padley has the European title at his hands and his grunt. Bel is in all sorts of trouble. HAS TO HOLD ON IN HIS OWN CORNER, BUT HE LOOKS LIKE A real goal as he's bundled TO THE FLOOR. NO KNOCK DOWN, BUT INSIDE THE LAST MINUTE of the second and it's panley's there to be taken this European bar IN A BLITZ HERE. HE'S GOT TO FIGHT. Still plenty of time. 45 seconds in the legs. They're gone. This is Padley's here. Can he sustain an attack? Can he land that one big shot? Adam create the space to get hardly move here. BELDI THE CORNER ARE TRYING TO IMPLORE HIM ON THE REFEREE. It's the NEW EUROPEAN superweight champion in emphatic fashion. A two ROUND KNOCKOUT blitz of Jer Beldi and Josh Panley at the beginning of 2026 builds on that last MINUTE FLIGHT to Riad. &gt;&gt; Well, as you both know the rules, so let's just have a good clean fight. Okay, most of all remember to defend yourselves at all times. All right, tough. &gt;&gt; Here we go. But Malev he's he's always on the ascendancy. He's always creeping forward, but he's not in a rush. He's just keeping that gentle pressure on Josh. And he's making him react. He's making him hold and he took it well. Penny right comes back at him. Does he want to get inside up close and personal? Maybe not. Bit of blood from the NOSE OF THE CHAMPION. GOOD SHOT FROM Josh Kelly there. at hand speed and again just nods in approval. Good work from Kelly. End of the second. That's exactly how he would have envvisaged this game. Three touches. Not in the fourth round. NOT TO JOSH KELLY. WHAT ABOUT THAT? &gt;&gt; HE'S got to say though, Josh Kelly &gt;&gt; and his range as well. I think Josh has been finding regular shots enough when he's been looking for just like that. Another lovely clean shot left at right hand, but he's making miss by inches sometimes. A &gt;&gt; quick fact here, 11 of Mr. Elliott's 17 knockouts have come within three rounds. So, not that many come late on. And you wonder whether he's running out of ideas as well as time. He still throws heavy artillery, but Kelly is up to it. Got him. bundled now and he's going to be counting in Josh Kelly. He felt the force of that and that's the DANGER OF ELLIOT AND NOW HE GIVES him the eyes. So all over the corner I think we all see the same way but some of those wrongs where Kelly was dancing around people don't like that. I mean some people don't like that. Maybe some judges don't like that but I do think he was being effective with the with the jumping of attacks. that matters to judges like it. And a lot of the time when you're getting away with a lot doing it, it's clearly Kelly's fight rather than when he's making a feel that way. &gt;&gt; THE CORNER BELIEVE, THE CROWD believe he's dancing his way home. 10 seconds to go. Is this the night for pretty boy Josh Kelly? It's been pretty special. Has he become a world champion? I think he's done it. I think he's done it. He thinks he has and the celebration starvity decision and THE NEW IBF junior middleweight champion Josh PRETTY tears of emotion. and joy can flow. Two decades of hard graft and pretty boy Josh Kelly is Britain's latest world champion.