Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Okay, gentlemen, obey my commands. In the event of a knockdown, the fight is standing. We go to the furthest neutral corner and stay there. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Really take out that change that angle. You're really open up the defense. &gt;&gt; Good work from the corn. Garner just shakes his head. But I think one or two of these body shots are beginning to th home here and some rening around the ribs of Gardner who's under the kosh in this third round. This is very good from Luke McCormack. When he throws a shot, he's committed, isn't he? He doesn't waste anything. And I want to see that with a lovely stabbing jab to the body there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the jam. He was a bit off balance, Garner, but he fell into the ropes and some of these punches are beginning to have more of an effect. He's very precise, Barry, isn't he? Yeah, he really it's very economical. Even though he's the one doing all the work, &gt;&gt; the opportunities that would come his way tried a body shot there. Really good defense from McCormack who took that on the gloves and then came back with a combination of his own. He's real quality McCormack. Jab there from Ga Walker the guy lo in this fight on the he got the world at his feet now so just showing he's all about persistence &gt;&gt; an embryionic stage of his pro career an eliminator for the Commonwealth title against a tough and decent man in Ken Gardner &gt;&gt; and I you know what as well he's not over complicated anything you know sometimes these terrific amateurs turn proto they've got they think they've got to change and so does the team you got to have this we got to do that &gt;&gt; 100 to 90. All for your winner by unanimous decision, winner of the eliminator for the Commonwealth Super Lightweight Championship and still undefeated Luke McCorban. &gt;&gt; Okay guys, you both know the rules, so I want a clean fight. When I say break, you stop boxing. Take a step back. This waistband is quite high, so anything on the belt is a legal shot. Okay, touch gloves. &gt;&gt; See the feet are really good. You'll see the feet just in and up really ding really small steps to create space. &gt;&gt; And he's a talent. I've never seen in the com games in in Birmingham as well. Lovely shot there from Senior inside the first 40 seconds. Ready in his favor in this first of six. That super featherweight Carrasco trying to other &gt;&gt; senior. It's a good effort from the man from Spain who's never fought outside his home country. Close-knit as well. And uh he's uh he's come back to Britain. He was born here, had a couple of years in Bradford, then ended up in Australia, which is his real home. Family are there. And it's it's tough to have to split your priorities I guess and your homes but he's done that because he wants to be a star senior Barry's done it left wild come to the UK England has to educate educate you lot that's all it's not working at all footwork there from from senior &gt;&gt; again just little lean back half a step through that uppercut the full 18 minutes of boxing So it's good education. Lovely body shots again. Finishing the fourth like he did the third Charlie Senior. &gt;&gt; Switch as much on stand for start. And if I WAS TO BE WHAT A RIGHT HAND SWEET FROM CHARLIE Senior and it WAS A HEAVIER FALL THAN IN THE FIRST ROUND. NOW DOWN TWICE. LOOKS AT HIS CORNER and this IS THE CHANCE FOR CHARLIE SIOR. REFEREE RYAN CHURCHILL IS GOING TO STEP IN. MAYBE ONE, TWO MORE CLEAN SHOTS. THAT'S THE RIGHT HAND. I THINK THAT COULD DO IT. CHARLIE SENIOR WINS. It's 4 and0. Second inside the distance. He up the tempo of round number five. Our referee in charge, Ryan Churchill, steps in to stop the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout. And still undefeated, Charlie Senior. &gt;&gt; Hey guys, you both know the rules. I want to see a good clean fight. I say break and stop punching. Take one place back. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Can't right. Yeah, like you said, Barry. Be good to see him move that head a little bit more. That's a lovely right uppercut. &gt;&gt; Doesn't waste much at all, does he, Barry? &gt;&gt; And also, he goes through the gears very quickly, doesn't he? and then goes back then resets himself and then and then does it again. The cat's concentration as well here. &gt;&gt; Both of them together center ring body and head. Look at this from fail. NEED TO COMBINATIONS. Concentration from fail. Fantastic. Lovely shot. He walks through. He tries to get some back. He's worked long and hard for this. The man from Cheshure is all going your way. Really digging in here. Big Ben's got just in trouble. PALE WINS SPECTACULARLY, STUNNINGLY, SPEEDILY, just all of a sudden he up the gear the tempo. Our referee Christine steps in to stop the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout. Still undefeated. And now, the Commonwealth International super welterweight champion, ONE HALF OF THE FAIL TWINS, Big Ben big fail. &gt;&gt; Okay, boys, you know the rules. Remember a Bay commands at all time. Defend yourselves at all time. God bless. Touch gloves. a lot of local fans and big support from we boxing on bigger stages but have top tier shows which are live on his own by the way they do it like this they have big screens they have the ring walks they have the pilot techniques they they have that big fight field &gt;&gt; he's just taking a nice step back there and he's landed lovely left to the body &gt;&gt; using the momentum of Cooper isn't he really well and he's left as walking off. Beautiful. Really eyecatching punches a minute into the second round. Super Ethan Jones in the seventh distance. He's got six stoppages, but it's these accurate punches. Have a look at that. Punches landed three times almost for just up in every single department. scoreard slow down the south hold over monster based in Plymouth and this warrior who's just taken in the first part of the ninth round. Some super shots from he's really going to test him in these last three rounds. End of the night. Great action again. Cooper's always in good fight but is proving his quality tonight. There'll be a little bit of late drama as Owen Cooper tends to give US the fight. 20 seconds left in the 10th round. &gt;&gt; Finally, they almost hug each other at the back end of THE 11. Good storm again. The combinations head and body. There's blood from the nose of &gt;&gt; this is a cracker, isn't it? Really good fight. Lee just gave Johnny Clark a hug as if to say your man has got it absolutely spot on. 20 to go down on the shield. He'll try everything for these fans. Constant is finishing it as he started it with lovely punches. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 hardhitting rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Marcus McDonald scores it 116 to 112. And both judges Kevin Parker and Bob Williams score it the same, 118 to 110. All for your winner by unanimous decision. And now the British and Commonwealth welterweight champion Constantine the Moldov Monster.