Kind: captions Language: en You'd had a little tussle with at talk sport. &gt;&gt; I'm a grown man. I'm not a child. And no one is not going to tell me what I'm going to talk about. And you can't comprehend the emotions that I feel or the things that I've seen. It can't be erased. It would never be forgotten. And some people would never forgive to this day. TO THIS DAY, TO THIS MOTHER DAY. All right. So, should I make you a cup of tea? &gt;&gt; Sure. Feel like a cooking show. &gt;&gt; Wilder. I'm telling you, he's mean. He won't avoid a fight. He won't avoid a fight &gt;&gt; for tea. I genuinely think this is the better option. &gt;&gt; Right hand from Wilder. It is finished. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Should we have a chat? Come on. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's get it. &gt;&gt; Well, I I feel hydrated already. &gt;&gt; All right, we're here. Let's have a chat. We got the tea. Time to spill the tea. Let's get it. &gt;&gt; Um, first of all, how are you feeling? Like mentally, physically, how are you? mentally, physically, and emotionally. I feel amazing, you know, and um every bit of amazing, you know, and it it took a long time to get to this point, you know, but uh you know, life is not a race, you know, and sometime us as being human beings, we treat life as is as if it's a race and we try to get to certain things so quickly and so fast that sometime when you move so fast, you can miss out on your blessings. So I understand that life is a marathon you know and even in the Bible it said the tail shall be the head you know and those that come last shall come first. So it's all about patience you know patience is of a v virtue and many people don't have patience because they're they're trying to get to a place that that that don't even want them there yet. It's not their time. You know I believe in time because I serve a on time God. you know, so at this point in time in my life, being 40 years old, I feel amazing. I feel like I'm 19. &gt;&gt; Honestly, like as someone who also recently was 40, it's so nice to hear that version. I think a lot of people are like, "Oh, I'm old now, 40." But it sounds like you're just starting. &gt;&gt; Life is just beginning. &gt;&gt; Do you feel that? &gt;&gt; Oh my my goodness, I feel so good. from the time I wake up from let's say from the time I go to sleep from the time I wake up every morning you know I feel wonderful you know I always say that I wanted to come out with a song called if if if age was a feeling you know and uh just what if age was a feeling some people would feel old some people would feel young you know but for me I love age the older I get the more exciting I become because you know In this world, people are dying young. And I rather die old than young. But people complain about getting old. Why you complain about your age? It's only a number. I mean, I always tell people, you know, we can't help how old we get. We're going to get older every year. It's just a number that we can tell people on earth how long our vessel has been on this earth. That's it. But as we were speaking before, health is wealth. &gt;&gt; Health is wealth. &gt;&gt; It goes over people head all the time. they don't really understand what that really means, you know. And it's all about putting the right things in your body. It's all about exercising. It's all about having the right mindset, you know, and cuz this world that we live in is already, it's like hell on earth, you know, and um it's tough. &gt;&gt; How do you you know, you're approaching your 50th fight. You've obviously had to change how you approach your health and look after yourself differently. Yes, you feel 19, but you do a lot to make yourself feel like that. Most definitely. So, what do you do like for longevity, for recovery? What are you doing? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, I I put the right things in my body. I never been a bad eater, you know, and I don't believe in there's such thing as bad foods. I believe in we can minimize the intake that we we we put inside of our body because some people just love food. And then you a person that love food, you you you gonna you're gonna consume a lot of, you know, food in you and that may not be the best thing to do. You know, it's okay to have your fried chicken or your your chocolate cake or your cheesecake and stuff, but you got to understand that you have to, you know, &gt;&gt; consume, you know what I'm saying? You know, instead of like, oh my god, I just love it. I got to have it. And now you're becoming greedy. And we don't want to, you don't want to be greedy, you know? You just want to have the bare minimum of things and put the right things in your body. For me, like I said, in the morning, my regimen &gt;&gt; is, you know, I wake up &gt;&gt; juice on juice on juice on juice. &gt;&gt; Yeah, most definitely. Juice on juice on juice. You know, that's could be a song as well. &gt;&gt; You can have that one. &gt;&gt; Juice on juice on juice. Hey, &gt;&gt; I'm getting you creative. Love it. Um, but in terms of like um so that's how you start your day, but when you're in this mode, I mean, I've just come with you. You've had a cinnamon roll and pizza. Is that cuz you're heavyweight and it doesn't really matter you're not making weight or is it because you know what you can handle and what you can do? &gt;&gt; Exactly. See, as you get older, you start learning your body. You start understanding. But also through, you know, I have my doctor as well with me that, you know, he would he would telling one that he knows my body better than than I knows myself, you know. But I've learned a lot from him about the different testing and and the the scans and the things that he have done to my body, you know. Yeah, he's a you know when he goes over my body not only he he like I said he treats it but he teaches as well and over the years I have learned certain things just like we was talking about certain dehydration headaches &gt;&gt; you know if you don't understand what your body going through you'll easily go pop a pill or something like that or go to the pharmacy and put some in your body that might not even need &gt;&gt; and now you're going to have a side effect that going to cause something else that going to cause something else and you know you're going to the hospital They only their only objective is to treat you and not cure you. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You understand? Because we still need your money. &gt;&gt; You understand me? &gt;&gt; Don't get me on big. &gt;&gt; We that's a whole other chap for another day. Let me tell you, I agree with you entirely. Responsibility for your own well-being. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. &gt;&gt; Now, if you know and understand your body and how it works and what to put into it, then now it comes into a factor of how disciplined can you be? Because we know the things that taste that that's healthy for us don't taste good at all. &gt;&gt; You know, but if you can put it in the structure like this is good for me, this is what it's going to do for my body, this is what it's doing for my body, then you know the taste is just only a factor. It's a it's a mind thing, you know. Get it over. &gt;&gt; Your mind is sharp. Like so focused, isn't it? Like &gt;&gt; it really is. &gt;&gt; Are you do you feel like dangerous? Like do you feel so sharp right now that &gt;&gt; I feel amazing? &gt;&gt; You know, do you feel so ready? &gt;&gt; Goodness. &gt;&gt; Even with jet lag, even with travel, &gt;&gt; I'm used to it. I'm a traveler. You know, I've traveled so many different places, seen so many different cultures. And um you know, you just learn. I'm a learner, you know. I'm a visual learner as well. &gt;&gt; And u I learn everywhere I go. Every every every every step I take, every moment that I'm in, I'm learning and learning. I'm learning. You know the saying is you can't teach a old dog new trick and I don't believe in that saying because if you a person that &gt;&gt; is a old dog if you want to say and you can't learn your mind is a sponge and it always learning &gt;&gt; no matter what to learn. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; You have to you have to be open-minded and not think you know it all. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; But that then I guess will make you now a whole new fighter even &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; 50 fights in. &gt;&gt; Most definitely. You know and and it's because I've been taking care of my body. I've been doing the right things, you know, not only the juice on juice on juice, but exercise as well too. You know, that's a big that's a big part of the life. That's very important to exercise. A lot of people don't want to exercise. I don't have time, but you have time to do everything. Yes. You have time to go to the club. You have time to go out to the movies. You have time to do all the um um other things and in your life that you want to do. Um but exercise is something that's very difficult. sometimes or it takes a lot of discipline or hard work and people don't just want to put in things that that that is going to challenge them. I would say &gt;&gt; we have a lot of lazy people in this world you know but why is all the other extra um um um &gt;&gt; I guess distraction &gt;&gt; it could be distraction you know it's a lot of thing but other things are more important going out to a sporting event going out to a music &gt;&gt; don't don't tell them not to come we want &gt;&gt; it we need it but your health &gt;&gt; like you said health is wealth &gt;&gt; yes it is &gt;&gt; it's very important because if we don't take care of oursel. We ain't going to nothing. You ain't even going to go to church if you can't get up. If you're if you know you're not exercising, you're not putting the right things in your body, you're going to be sick. And now you're going to depend on, like you were saying, somebody else to do it for you instead of you doing it for yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And they're just facts. &gt;&gt; But you look, when you started this boxing game, well, not game, business for you, &gt;&gt; you had a very clear why. You know, you've obviously spoken about your daughter. She's now 21. She's that responsibility. You've done that. &gt;&gt; Where are we at now? Are you now boxing for you? What do you want out of it? Cuz before it felt like you were serving other people for this. &gt;&gt; Most definitely. &gt;&gt; But so now what is the headsp space on it? And therefore, is this going to show us a different version of you? Therefore, &gt;&gt; I'm selfish at this point in time. At this point, like I said, I've been taking care of people ever since I was 12 years old. I've been selfless all my life, you know, and most of the time, you know, I've been a giver throughout my life, you know, and never look for nothing in return, you know, and that's very difficult for people to do something for you and not look for look for something in return when most people would do something for you and like what you you know, &gt;&gt; transactional, &gt;&gt; you know what I mean? Because we live in a world of what have you done for me lately? You know, but you know, when you a giver, and if you're a giver, you understand that most time givers get hurt the worst or they get hurt the easiest, you know, and people play with you and different things like that. Um, but understanding certain things in my life and going through so much in my life, it's time for me to put my foot down, you How does that like you obviously have spoken about being hurt and you referenced it to me a little earlier. &gt;&gt; So how does that change now for how you approach things? Cuz you I assume you're not going to let that happen twice. &gt;&gt; Lar, &gt;&gt; you say what? &gt;&gt; Lo, &gt;&gt; you know what I mean? So &gt;&gt; you speak other languages. &gt;&gt; Well, I got a song u that I speak in another language as well, you know. But um um but at this moment in time, it's like I put a lot of things on the shelf at this and and when it goes on my shelf, it will collect dust, you know. I don't put no energy in the things I can I can't control. I only put energy in the things I can at this moment in time. And I'm very selfish with what I do. So it's all about me. You know, the only reason I got into boxing is I risk my life to save a life. And that was my daughter was spoid. And um having six more children after that, you know, making seven total, looking for seven more. If it was up to me, I'd have 50. I love being a father. I love it. &gt;&gt; Oh, for the noise. &gt;&gt; I love my goodness. I love it. Bring the band on, you know. &gt;&gt; Really? Just give me peace and quiet. &gt;&gt; No, no. you know and um but at this moment in time I'm I'm very selfish as what what I do with my life at this point in time the steps that I take and uh every moment that I that I share you know whether I share it with myself or or I invite others alone to share with me you know and it's only you know when I meet people it's family for me it's just family you know I don't have time for associates friends or whatever that may be you know we just pass through we may shake hand we may break bread with each other. But you know &gt;&gt; really your family is everything &gt;&gt; is is it you know even when my lifestyle has always been work and my family work and my family you know I get a lot of rep I mean I get a lot of rap out here I get a lot of narratives have been spoken about me but they don't that's just because they don't know who I am as a human being as a person &gt;&gt; and that's what I wanted to find out today really like who are you who is Deontay not the media perception but like because you are a family man you're very intelligent you learn, you grow, you change, you adapt. &gt;&gt; Most definitely. &gt;&gt; So, you've had a few viral moments, haven't you? &gt;&gt; Most definitely. &gt;&gt; How have they impacted you personally? Like, they I'm sure they've had an impact outside, but how's it affected you? &gt;&gt; And not at all. It don't affect me, you know, because like I said, I work and I go to my family and if you know me, you know that I don't listen to the naysayers. I don't listen to the gossip. I live of the world and not in it. You know, I don't do things to have validation for how people may feel or what they think of me or whatever. You know, sometime you may reach a certain level in life and people, oh, you should be doing this or you should have that. You should. No, I live life like I want it. I don't live it because you think I should have this or because you seen somebody else doing it or they have this and this is how it should be. You know, life is not a race. And I'm not trying to just because I have certain things don't mean I I have to have what the next person that got what I have or more than me have. No, that ain't how you live life. &gt;&gt; But how have you learned that? Because I think the whole world is set up to be like look left, look right and go for that and bigger boat, you know, how &gt;&gt; I'm not a sheep. You know, most time people in this world are sheep. They just fall behind each other because they don't have their own mindset in which we all have a creative mind. But it's up to you to use it, you know, and that's free. Some people just disable their mindset, the creativity of what they can do in this world because they live in fear. I don't live in fear and I'm unapologetic to the things I say because if I say and I speak from my heart, I meant it. If I do something, I meant it. You know, I live life without regrets. You know, I don't I don't I don't do things out of emotion. &gt;&gt; When you Well, I when you got hurt though, did you regret helping and being so available to people? &gt;&gt; Not at all. Because I serve a God. I serve a God that make the impossible possible. And he looked and smiled down. You know, God have a sense of humor too. You know, and you know, when all those people I help and everything that I've I've given or even lost, I will get 10 times more. You know, money money is not the end all be all to everything. Everybody is racing and chasing money and money. And when you get it and you get to your your goal, what's next? Now you getting into other things that you didn't think you was going to get into or whatever. And and when you have money, everybody else want your money, but they don't work want to work as hard as you to obtain it. And and it just bring a lot of things. You know, I grew up poor. So I know what it is to have to go without. I know what it is to have it. Uh you know, of course it's better to have, but sometimes &gt;&gt; it's better to not have, you know, because you're more happier when you're poor. actually to be honest and when you really are &gt;&gt; you know and you know some people when they get to a low point they don't know how to survive &gt;&gt; but I'm a survival I know how to I I know how to survive with it and then without it without it you know what I mean and you know it's just that that having that peace that sanity in your your life happiness and that joy things that money can't buy it can buy a lot of things that you think would make you happy but only for a certain period of time and it runs out and then you looking for something else to do and something else to do. But whatever you ultimately are happy with certain things that you have uh uh that that money can't buy now you ain't looking for nothing. You have every day you wake up at peace. Every day you wake you go to sleep with peace. Every day you wake up with peace, you know. And it's the secrets of life. This world is backups from what we see and what we do all the time. Prime example. People rather give you your flowers while you're dead than you alive. You know, people rather uh help a rich man than a poor man. You know, it's so many examples, you know, that I can say and this world is just backwards because everybody's copying everyone. Nobody's really living life &gt;&gt; for themselves or off their own mindset. It's what the next one doing. Okay, I'mma do it too or whatever. That's not me, you know. So with that being said, I don't listen to people or what they feel about me, what they say about me, you know, especially if somebody that that that I wouldn't trade places with in life or somebody that have a credit score two uh 230, you know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Oh, I'll get out, &gt;&gt; you know. I just live life for myself and for my children and those that love me and I love back, you know. And I even tell my children when they say, "Daddy, I love you." because I tell them every time I feel it and I can feel it sometimes 10 20 times a day and when I feel it I really mean it you know because this is what I feel and when my kids come to me automatically daddy I love you I love you I say baby why you love me because I feel it in my heart and that's the answer I want to see they feel it &gt;&gt; his name because you're my dad or because because you know I don't want to hear because you're my uh you know if you're married you're my husband or because you're my brother or because you're my You feel me? That's an obligation. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I want you to when you say you love me, I want you because you feel it in your heart. &gt;&gt; And when I know that you feel it, I know it's real. &gt;&gt; Is that why you are kind of like the people's champ, especially at home, they love you, don't they? &gt;&gt; Oh man. &gt;&gt; But you you speak like nothing ri you know, which is amazing. But some things get under your skin understandably cuz like the world is and people can say and do annoying things. &gt;&gt; I mean it's it's you know if I can say something to get under my skin is you know it's is is people lying on me. You know I hate to be I hate for someone to lie on me and I have to suffer a consequence because someone has lied on me. It's nothing like being able It's nothing like have to deal with something or or or go through the fire for something that you didn't do. You know what I mean? You honestly didn't do but you have to take the punishment behind it. You know, and because nobody knows who you are and they don't know nothing about it. So, you know, they want to make up all these narratives or whatever is is is is definitely, you know, journalists are the worst because they rather be first than being correct. The sale sell is all about money, money, money. And then people don't want to do their homework. They want to believe what they hear. Well, they said, "Well, that don't mean it's true, idiot. Go do your homework and then come back and then we can talk, you know, because I can say the same thing about you, you know, or anybody else, you know, but nobody wants to do their homework. Everybody's lazy and they want to believe the first thing that's being told, you know, but not too much get under my skin because I don't, like I said, I live I live the world and not in it, you know. Most of the time after my profession of me fighting or whatever, I'm MIA. People don't hear of me. I'm barely on social media. I just do my thing. I live life like I want to live it. Not like people expect me to live it or they have these high expectations of me how I should live it, you know, as being this type of person or that type of person. I don't I don't have I don't have to have validation for anyone, you know, only for myself and God. And that that's that's that's it. That's it. Because at the end of the day, &gt;&gt; it's very liberating. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; If it's just you, &gt;&gt; at the end of the day, we're all going to be judged. And you got to be careful how you judge people on earth because God going to judge you to going to judge that hold that against you. And as the Bible said, if it ain't you, it's going to be your children. And if it ain't your children, it's going to be their children. Children, children. So, we got to be careful when you trying to throw stones at the glass at my glass house. You know what I mean? And that's just how I look at it. I want to ask you just your last time you were here before I interview met you you'd had a little tuffle tussle with &gt;&gt; at talk sport and I feel like things were left out there and it was like we didn't get that whole ver story &gt;&gt; edited. &gt;&gt; Yes. And I wondered what your take was on it because you know we didn't speak and then we were straight into everything right. Do you have a like now the dust has settled, what's your kind of reflection on that moment? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, you know, I think that was like maybe an hour, hour, 30 minute segment. It was only cut down to 30 minutes for their benefit. You know what I mean? It was a lot of things said, you know. Thank God Derek filmed it majority most of it. So, if ever he want to release it and see what was really said, it could be. But, you know, at the end of the day, I'm a grown man. I'm not a child. And no one is not going to tell me what I'm going to talk about, you know, at all. You know, and that's what I said. Oh, you Oh, you got white privilege. Then you think you gonna this grown black man to talk, oh, we're going to talk about it. No, we're not going to talk about it. Well, you talked about on somewhere. Oh, now you're a spoiled brat. Which one is it? Just because I I spoke something on something else which was brought up because of somebody else, not because of me, but because of somebody else, doesn't mean I want to talk continue to talk about this situation, you know, now here. So you're not I'm not going to be threatened or be provoked to talk about something that I don't want to talk about. I'm a grown ass man. You understand me? So it runs in the lines of that, you know. So now I feel you you think you have some type of privilege over me to be able to talk about something when I said move forward, move on, &gt;&gt; you know. So he didn't want to move on. So you got what I felt and is the truth of things. And a lot of other things was said that was, you know, in that in that segment as well, you know, and I feel like, you know, whatever I said to him and if anyone felt offended by it, if the shoe fit, then wear it. You understand me? Because he's a he could be he's a you know, we all different now what I said to him and you feel if you feel like you got the same privilege, then I'm talking to you too. But if I'm not talking about if you don't if that don't fit you and and it don't apply to you, then you shouldn't have no type of feeling towards what I've said at all. &gt;&gt; You understand me? And that's how I feel, you know? So, I keep it real. When people know when Deontay Wilder come, he coming strongly. So, be careful what you how you what you say to me and how you approach me because I'm a loving person. I love all people, you understand? But I understand the world that we live in. And the world that we live in is all about race. Can't no one tell me differently. They can't change my mind. They can't make me see it different. I know. I know the facts. I'm a black man with dark skin. And if you don't understand what that feel like, how they go in the world, you can't comprehend what I'm saying. You can't comprehend or take in the emotions that I feel or the things that I've seen. It's just what it is. So when it's a certain subject come up and it don't want to be said, move along. It's so many other things to be talked about and you want to talk about something that you got the two fighters that going to fight each other right in front of you. Let's talk about that. Don't talk about nothing else just because somebody else told her you want to talk. No. No. Now you're going to hear something. You going to hear from me. That's point blank and period. You know, that's the thing about the world. That's why we at war. We have no understanding with each other. And it's a sad thing. and not having an understanding because not many people want to be in your place. How many people want how many people wish they was black or want to go through what black people have gone through and not that back then TO THIS DAY TO THIS DAY TO THIS MOTHER DAY. See when I talk about it they say you can't think about old situations because it bring old feelings back up. So let me calm myself down because people don't understand what we as people go through. So when they got a person like me, a modernday Muhammad Ali to come to the forefront to protect, to provide, and to educate, it becomes a problem because nobody want to go down memory lane or feel the feeling that we have felt for many years and still feel to this mother day. It's a touchy subject because it's not been long. And when I talk about, well, y'all people went and grabbed our mother people from our own land, then it's a problem because nobody really understand that we ain't bothered nobody. We ain't did nothing to no one. But tried to take care of our own, built our own, had our own, but then somebody come along in our land and want to take our land, trick our people, take our people, and kill them too. to the point millions of them died just going through the ship's trade from here on to Africa so bad the conditions were so bad that people saw the dead light they got up out of their situation they jumped over the ship they said chefs use the trail of the chips because they knew there would be feeding time they killed out a baby for for the for for the for their skin to make boots and like that or bait for the alligators and then name candy as the sugar babies to reflection of what happy or they had an ice cream truck while the melo right see I you know it's so much nobody wants to get in our shoes and feel what we felt for many years and then they wonder why we so aggressive why we so passionate about certain because I only speak from passion when I get in this rage is passion &gt;&gt; I understand &gt;&gt; because of the history of what's been done now if you put put yourself in our shoes now let's reverse this. Let's reverse it. You get in the place of us and you go down memory lane and see what we had to deal with as people because it was worse than what I'm talking about. It was bad. The Willie Lynch letter, how they used to, you know what the terminology [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come from? How they used to get our how they used to get our females whether they was our wives or they our mothers and they would have the sons their mothers have their husband being see their wives being raped in front of them that's it go deeper than that it's painful to see in the history of course it was years ago but it's still modern day still to this day it can't be erased it would never be forgotten And some people will never forgive. But at the end of the day, they use Christianity as a weapon. They try to forgive our neighbors, right? But their history will never be erased. Why? That's why most black people don't even know where they come from because we had to take the last name of our slave owners. And then you want to look down on us. We did nothing to anyone. and still. Oh man, it's a touchy situation because we did nothing. Nothing but show how powerful we were as human beings and we still powerful. That's why they never want us to come together. They hate to see another brother hug another brother and say, "I love you, but I do that and I'll forever do that. Have to kill me." Now, I don't hate anyone. Hatred is a strong dislike. I don't hate anyone. I love all people. But I love my peoples. You understand me? Just as any other people should love their people. And we should love all human beings cuz we are the human race. That's it. To love someone is free. That's that's simple to do. You understand me? Until someone do something to you, now you got a reason to hate them, to dislike them, to want to cause harm against them. But if you don't know this person, how can you not like this person or cast stone against this person? Oh, because of the color of their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] skin. Get out of here. Get real. Get serious. &gt;&gt; I agree with you, &gt;&gt; man. Make you want to slap somebody. So, I'mma sip my teeth and I I dare anyone to challenge me, especially when it come to that situation. So, that's why I got heated. Fair enough. &gt;&gt; Because with his white privilege, he don't understand that because he ain't never had to deal with it. Nor have his relatives, nor have his forefathers or anyone else before then. I bet he know where all his family come from. He didn't had to take the last name of no no one else like we have to. It goes so deep in this. It goes so it go very deep. People should do the history and should look at certain videos and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that and be and man you get to the point you can't even talk and then they'll make a mockery of that. Look, look what he said. He said documentary like that. No, &gt;&gt; shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. You know, shut the up. &gt;&gt; I think it's clear obviously you're passionate that I think that would be very &gt;&gt; forever be to the day I die. &gt;&gt; But that's a good thing you're speaking up and out. Surely that's only a good thing. But it's not to like make you upset in this moment because that wasn't the &gt;&gt; But it's upsetting because when you look at history. &gt;&gt; No, I I understand. &gt;&gt; You understand? If you look at history and you understand it, it will upset you. It will. It will to see how can other human being do another human being like that. Now, let's put the shoes on the other feet. That's what let's do that. Oh man, it's so much that I could say, you know, it's so much that I could say, you know, and that's why people, you know, I may be one of the most hated fighters there is in this time, but I'm also one of the most loved as well because I don't hold my tongue. I don't hold back. I speak my peace. And when Deontay do die, he will be loved. I'll probably be more loved when I'm when I'm dead than alive because this world is backwards from what we say and what we do. But I'll never be forgotten because most of the things I've done have been set in stone within the statue. Now these people that talk about me even to this day when they die that's it. They'll be forgotten. That's it. And sometime I even use my own people to go against me. Them crabs in the bucket. But them too. That's how I feel about that. I'll never be forgotten ever. That's why I love where I'm from. You can call it country. You can call it what you want, but we call it Sweet Home Alabama. And I love it. You understand me? They gave me something that Wow. My god. When they did that, they gave me a statue. &gt;&gt; Why emotional? &gt;&gt; Y'all don't understand, man. Why is it making you emotional? &gt;&gt; Cuz y'all don't understand. No matter how much time we try to preach it, how many time we try to talk about it like this and I speak for all my people. &gt;&gt; But you do you like you're doing like an amazing service, &gt;&gt; man. The things Oh, man. No human being should ever have to go through that. &gt;&gt; Do you want to have a &gt;&gt; No. Okay. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm always going to be okay. You understand me? Always. &gt;&gt; That's why God made me who I am. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you feel it's crazy? &gt;&gt; Do you feel like maybe that's why you were supposed to do this? &gt;&gt; Exactly. Why supposed to do this? Exactly why. They already tried to kill me when I said to this day. &gt;&gt; Did they? H but it looked like oh when I say &gt;&gt; I feel bad like I've &gt;&gt; annoyed you by asking &gt;&gt; No, you didn't because certain things mean I have a choice to speak about what I want to speak about. I have a choice to express my my thoughts and my feelings to certain things. You understand me? So don't get it mistaken. I am who I am and I know who I am. Whether I get passionate about things or whether I share tears, that don't make me less of who I am. I'm a true man. I'm a true king. And I show others that they are very important. That they can do these things no matter what. Because in my culture, we're taught to show no weakness, show no feelings towards nothing, be strong in everything. But I tell them, you can show feelings. You can show emotion. You can release and let it out because if you don't, you're gonna be a volcano. &gt;&gt; And if I turn into a volcano, everybody in this room is d is is in danger. You understand me? Cuz I turned into a Hulk. And that Hulk, I get scared of myself because I'm uncontrollable. &gt;&gt; I felt it. I can imagine. &gt;&gt; Man, &gt;&gt; is that what you channel when you get in the ring? &gt;&gt; All the time. &gt;&gt; The Hulk. &gt;&gt; You understand me? That's why I say certain things that I say because I go off of how I feel. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And I understand what we sign up for. And if people want to hear what I have to say, then turn off your TVs. Don't listen to me. That's that's your own free will. No matter you know Deontay Wild, hey Deontay Wild is on this segment. You know what I'm about. Don't tune in to me. But people do. If I say I'm a killer, man, you just as guilty because you buying the tickets to sit your ass in that seat to see me do what I said I'mma do. So how you got an opinion about all he don't need to talk like that. Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. That why I tell people shut up or do something about it. That's it. Cuz I'mma speak my peace. So when I do die, I tell my kid, you better not come to my funeral allow anybody to come to my funeral crying. And my daughter for dad that's I said uh Ava, you got to understand your dad have done a lot of things in this world. He have seen a lot of things. He have invited been invited to a lot of people that that other people don't have access to all because of what I stand for. You understand me? So that's why I continue to do what I do because I know that I'm doing the right thing. I'm in the right direction. And if I wasn't, I wouldn't have the people that reaches out to me reach out to me. &gt;&gt; And do they? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What do they say? &gt;&gt; They're proud of who I am. They're proud of what I've done. I'm a strong black man. Thank you. They tell me thank you, thank you. And we talking about world leaders. We talking about multi-billionaires, m all types of people. But I'm not a person that go and and and go in and talk about who I met or who what company I've been in because we're all people. &gt;&gt; I don't get fascinated. I don't get overwhelmed because of certain people that I'm around or whatever because when I look at you, you're just a human being to me. Now if I strip your occupation of the thing you have done from you who are you I want to know who are you inside the outside presence can be changed but the inside now that's that takes work that take God and yourself to change who you are in the inside and sometime people ain't going to change in the inside that's who I want to get to know whatever you do as an occupation and how much money you got and all that that's good for you that don't excite me that ain't impressive to me I don't get overwhelmed by that understand me because if you get stripped from that then how can you can you survive then you will need the same ones you shamed on or you look down on you would need them because they know how to survive when you don't. So if the world ever comes to a point in time where it comes that money is not a factor or the things you have is not a factor, the people that we look down on and think nasty or dirty or whatever or or or you know that can't afford certain things. It would be the same people you need, the same people you going to run to. And unfortunately they may accept you in because how good their heart is. They know how good God been. I may not have everything I want, but he done blessed me with everything I need. Woo. Cuz I serve a on time God. Understand me. &gt;&gt; Is that your why then? &gt;&gt; That's my why. &gt;&gt; Is your why changed from when you started? And your why now? &gt;&gt; My why still continue now. Far as being in this ring, I'm selfish. You understand? Now I'm having fun. I'm doing what I want to do. I had a goal and dream to become a a a unified champion and it still lives on. It's not about how old I am because inside I feel amazing. I have I have treated my body very well. You know, I haven't tooken that much punishment. I'm very well aware of what's going on. No matter what people may say of whatever narrative they may want to put about Deontay Wilder, I'm still here and this me. This is my life. It ain't got nothing to do with anyone else. All you can do is sit back and enjoy. That's all I ask people. Sit back and enjoy and love what you watch because when I when I'm gone, they're going to wish they're going to wish I was back. And that's just how it is. So enjoy me now. Give me my my flowers right while I can smell it right now. You understand me? Because there's only one me. There would be none created like me ever. Not even my sons would be able to carry the torch that I have because I always tell them, you're going to have your own path in life. You wear that jacket. You wear that torch. Now, you're going to be representing the wildest name, but you going to have your own path because your life is nowhere near like my life because I not only I provide for you in your present, but I've already set your future up because I've broken the chain for my family. And I advise everybody else to to follow behind that structure of what I've done for my family. And I'm talking about my people instead of looking down. Oh, wow. That's crazy. He always I'm probably one of the most controversial fighters there is right now. But it sell tickets, don't it? People are interested in what's going on and what I'm doing because of how I am. And if you liked it, then all all I'mma was about I'm if when you get to really know who I am, I'm about love, love, love, and love. That's it. Love is the most beautiful gift that can be on this earth. It don't cost a thing. It's free. It's free. I can look I can hug anybody in here. No matter what color, shape, size, gender, whatever you want to be. And this world is crazy right now when it come to the gender part of things now. But that ain't got nothing to do with me. I can still love you. You understand? I can still hug you. I can still do for you. You know, because we're all of the human race. That's it. And that's all I'm about. Love. Now, I'm going to speak my peace. But I'mma leave with love. Understand me? And that's it. We should love each other. No more, no less. &gt;&gt; We all need each other. We all need each other and we in a we in a war against each other because nobody have an understanding of the next. But if we would learn and have an understanding, we will find that damn that could be peace among us. Can't no one control us. No government, no no no no no no no no no no president, no nothing. If we come together as human beings and have our own mindset, but you got to have a willing to want to do that. You understand that? You got to want to because as kids, kids will play with anybody. My kids play with anybody. Your kids will play with anybody unless we teach them differently. You understand me? &gt;&gt; You're right. &gt;&gt; And that just it &gt;&gt; there's no one like you. You've said it yourself. In this generation, especially in your era, &gt;&gt; is there anyone coming up that can match you? &gt;&gt; They can't. It can't be duplicated. People are afraid to speak out like me. I've used my platform from the from the beginning of time. I ain't do this for no clout. I ain't do this for no money. Of course, the to to to help my daughter, but I ain't do this for for for for for to have the fame and the fortune of of look at me to buy this and look at me. I have a lot of things to show off, but people would never know what I have because it doesn't matter. those things would be liquidated down into my my children just like I got built set up for them now with the life trust and all those different things I've already got set up for them with it. &gt;&gt; You understand me? I tell my kids all the time, y'all have an opportunity in life to make a few mistakes &gt;&gt; when sometime we don't even get a second chance in here. But they got opportunity to make a few mistakes and still be able to be good. You understand? Because I understand the structure of how this world is, how life is. So, I wanted to provide for my children. I wanted to set wheels and stuff like that. And that's another thing. If you ain't got nothing, if you ain't got nothing to give to your children, stuff, how dare you talk about another man that have something to give to his children and others. You know, &gt;&gt; because I talked about something about taking people off of my will that wasn't of mine because of certain things. You know, some people have certain type of feelings about another, but you can't speak up on something that you ain't even got to leave behind for your own damn kids. So, we ain't even in the same segment. So, don't put your don't don't don't put my name in your mouth, you know, because you don't have to have a lot to to to to to to give to to your children. Everybody think about, oh, you got to have all this money, you got to have all that. No, you don't. You ain't got to have all that. You know, &gt;&gt; you have so much energy and passion still. &gt;&gt; Surely you're still going to keep going in that ring. I I just &gt;&gt; This is not the last we're going to see of you in a ring. You are too young at heart and energy, aren't you? &gt;&gt; I just feel I truly honestly feel God put me here for a ultimate reason. And I talk to him every day. We got a beautiful relationship. At one upon time, you had a you had a character tried to, you know, use my character and use Christianity as a weapon, which got a lot of other Christian people, a lot of channels. It tried to go against me. When I've been born in the church, I've been born in the church. I've been raised all my life. My My grandma was a pastor. My father's a pastor. You understand me? But because of who I am, this black man with dark skin is easy. Why black always got to be bad? I should have rolled my black teeth with me today. Black is beautiful and it always will be and can't nobody change that and not that's put it in my head because I'mma drill it into my kids and those that got ears, they're going to hear it. I'm very proud of who I am. You understand me? I'm very proud of my culture. I'm very proud of my ancestor. I'm very proud of everything that's been done for me. All the blood that been shed before I could be able to do this right here. I don't know how long I'm going to be here on this earth, but if it is my last time, I die as a happy man because I didn't live in this world for any other body but for myself. Like I said, I live of the world and not in it and I did the things that I wanted to do. So I tell my children, don't let nobody come to my funeral crying. &gt;&gt; Don't do it. And if you do cry &gt;&gt; talking about your funeral, I mean I am. And and you know some You're here for a long long time. &gt;&gt; I am. And you know I've had many tears to share thinking about how long I'mma be here because sometime I feel like I'm outlive my children. And some people say don't I I had visions and I looked at it as a good thing and a bad thing. The good thing is I get to watch them and I get to guide them every step of the way. I get to see what they become and see how their family is, how their children is, whatever. But the bad thing about it is opposite of what you want to do. you know, 100. I mean, how many, you know, ask a lot of people that's 90, 80, 90, 100 years old if they still want to be here. Most of them just I can't Damn, God, please take me. What you What I'm still here for, &gt;&gt; but you'll still be fighting fit. I know. &gt;&gt; You know, I'm you know, we we'll see about it. But if it don't, I'm comfortable with that. See, why is it so uncomfortable to talk about death when that is the only thing that's promised to us? Some people say taxes, but you can get away with that if you're a certain type of person. Come on now. &gt;&gt; No. No. That's but but death that is promised to us. And we don't want to talk about death. We don't want to set we don't want to have funeral plannings. We don't have bow tombstones and stuff like that. We rather for our family to take that burden burden up on them and a and take that, you know. Yeah. Take that burden up on them instead of just you know what? Let me put aside this. Let me because I know this is going to happen. I just don't know when. That's why it's a blessing every day to be alive. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; You understand me? And we we take that for granted. We look past it because we think this we automatically supposed to wake up. How many we got plans for tomorrow. Everybody here got plans for tomorrow. Whether it's going to work tomorrow or whatever, but we don't even know if we're going to make it. That's why when we get out of bed and put our feet on solid ground, it's a blessing. And I acknowledge that and I praise God every day. I thank you Jesus. I don't want nothing Lord. Cuz most time when people call Jesus name, they want something. And if they don't get it, then what? They lose their faith. He said, "My child, don't hold my hand. Let me hold your hand." Because I know when you hold my hand, if times get hard, you tend to let go. But allow me to hold your hand because I know when times get hard, I never let you go. He said he'll never let us go. And when we he only want us to have faith in the in him as small as a mustard seed. And when things don't go our way, we lose faith in that. Well, he wouldn't let this happen. He wouldn't allow this to that to happen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. I feel like I've exhausted you. &gt;&gt; Ah, you seen it. Ah, I'm free. &gt;&gt; You need to go. Relax. &gt;&gt; I'm free. &gt;&gt; Well, you are free. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; I'm Thank you for your time and for your passion. Truly, &gt;&gt; that's all it is. &gt;&gt; I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; That's it. I love everybody. I just wanted to get that. I love everybody. &gt;&gt; No, but thank you for getting that message. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; We do appreciate it. And you've given us a lot of yourself. You need to go chill and rest and refuel. &gt;&gt; I need to go &gt;&gt; get this man some juice. &gt;&gt; Woo. &gt;&gt; You need to go have a sauna. &gt;&gt; There you go. Bless him. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Let's not miss this.