Kind: captions Language: en co-main event of the evening, Gary Antoine Russell. He's the champ. Taking on Huryoka, who comes all the way from Yokohama, Japan. Okay, gentlemen. We both been giving you instructions. So, be in my commands at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Anything from here on up is good. Anything from here on up is good. Touch gloves. Good luck to you both. &gt;&gt; 20 hours, but he says he's feeling fresh. No jet lag as Russell lands a couple power shots and more success on the inside. Good lap from Harry &gt;&gt; and now he's on the front foot. Koka landed a good right hand. Russell caught Harry coming in. Good downstairs shot from Russell &gt;&gt; here. Has a sharp shotgun jab that he's landed on occasion. Russell a good body shot there indeed. &gt;&gt; Missed with that overhand left though. &gt;&gt; But I love &gt;&gt; there's another body shot with a right hand and I was really impressed with the conditioning from Andy Herio. This is a guy that hasn't fought more than nothing for days and he's in great shape coming this fight. &gt;&gt; I guess he was right about no jet lag, huh? He's breaking down Russell to the body. Russell now punching back. This is where Russell should be punching on the inside instead of the fighter and then Hoka doing all the punching. The crowd coming to life down the aggression of Hioka. Boy, Harry is just all the uppercut to the body right there. I mean, not only are watching them, but the body's breaking down muscle. They're great shots where effective. You see those jabs landed to the body. &gt;&gt; Oh, another low blow. They may take a point here right there. &gt;&gt; Good left hand there from Hioka. And then another shot and a good shot there by Hoko. And this is what he does well. He knows are still with with clean floors like that big shot. &gt;&gt; They both slug IT OUT TO THE FINAL B and still WBA junior welterweight champion of the world Gary Antoine Russell. Shout out to the fan zone for getting that one right. And I think those early rounds, the judges almost unanimously gave them all to get