Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone. Brought to you by that prize guy. Wasn't as easy as he thought it was going to be, but George Lard remains the British and Commonwealth Middleweight Champ and he adds the IBF Intercontinental Middleweight title. He remains unbeaten and he's on course for some real big things in 2026 and 2027. Beyond the bell, myself, Tony Bellow, Johnny Fisher. Great night of boxing by the way. &gt;&gt; Brilliant. &gt;&gt; In terms of a fouright card, that's one of the best fouright cards of the open. &gt;&gt; The opener was amazing and it just got better and better since then. &gt;&gt; Fair play to Tom Dallas. Matchmaker being brilliant. &gt;&gt; And that's a hard job as well. It's a matchmaker's not easy, right? I mean, you know what fans are like. They can critique. Soon as it goes, give him flowers. Let's give him his flowers. He really did well. Let's give George Lard his flowers as well because Tyler Denny came to fight Tony. He came he came to put it on him. You would think after the first couple of rounds that it was going to be one way traffic and Tyler showed that experience and got back into the fight and in the end just didn't have enough. &gt;&gt; I had Tyler Denny win him four maybe five rounds. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I thought they gave every single close round to George Lard tonight, but there was nothing wrong with that because George did land the hardest shots throughout the fight. Uh I think it's all about the next step. Listen, Tyler Denny should walk out with his head held high tonight. He's always in the away corner. He's took six prospects zeros over the years. Six prospects and he was well in that fight tonight going into the championship rounds and it said talked an awful lot about George Lard with the way he finished this fight. The championship rounds he came strong. That talks to me about how good his conditioning is, how good his trust and belief is in his coach, in his team and Tony Sims that he was willing to put his foot down in rounds 10, 11, and 12. That's the hardest time. Like the first time when you do 12 rounder, it's the hardest time to put your foot down. And he done it. He got the job done. So well done to &gt;&gt; Yeah, Johnny, he trusted his fitness. He trusted his chin. He got hit a couple of times and he said, "Okay, come on. Come on." And you mentioned before the fight that they got you working in that match, Jim, they really make sure you do the miles. And I think we saw not just with him, but with Jimmy Sainz as well. I mean, the fitness levels for both of those boys to go deep in the latter rounds was something special. Well, from my own personal experience, I know that there's one thing having heart and then there's one having the facilities and the capability to carry out and utilize that heart. So, you got to have the engine to match it. You can be as brave as you want, but if you haven't got the engine to match it, and that's when you're doing them hill sprints, that's when you're going to the Leon T steps when it's 6:00 in the morning and you think, I could do with another couple of hours in sleep and roll over to the other side. So, it's all that mental fortitude and the physical attributes that you need to have. What do they do with Lard next? Obviously Eddie mentioned outright a British title. He also mentioned Liam Smith's name as well. Liam's kind of teetering on should he continue, should he not? Do you do that? Do you go for another experienced pro? Do you go somewhere different? &gt;&gt; Liam's vastly experienced and let me tell you, Liam in them championship rounds is going to come strong and with everything that he's got, why need why do you need to rush to someone like that? I mean, there's a JJ Moff sitting around, very good fighter, you know, formidable, strong, comes forward, will test him like anything else. Uh Shaquille Thompson. Yeah, &gt;&gt; 15 and0 fights on the magnificent seven card if he comes through that one. &gt;&gt; 15 and0 fights, you know, I'm sure he's going to want to get his hands on them belts. You know, being a Brit Comwalth champion, it it carries weight and it means something to the proper boxes out there. You know, they want to go the old fashioned British Commonwealth European world champion. George is on his way there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; he wants to keep hold of them. To win a British title outright is very hard, especially in the middleweight division. It's a marquee division. It's a top division. And like I said, them names I've said before, what's wrong with the JJ Macar fight? JJ is a hard fight. That's a it's a really hard fight. And Shaquille as well, he's a hard fight. So good fighters. Liam, I think Liam Smith's above the level, but it it's up to what it's what he wants to do. He's he's been an amazing fighter. He's been an amazing servant to British boxing and I love when Liam fights because he's always in good fights, but the last time he was out, he wasn't at his best. &gt;&gt; So, you know, let's see. That's why I mentioned maybe he's ting on making that decision whether or not &gt;&gt; he'll make the right decision between him and his family. He'll make the right one. &gt;&gt; I guess for George, there is no rush. He mentioned it a few times. I'm only 23. &gt;&gt; I'm only 23. Like I'm 14 and0, but I'm still only 23. Why rush? &gt;&gt; And he's got a tremendous trainer who's not only a trainer in the physical side of it, but he'll know how to make sure that the career and the progression is the correct pace. And uh that's always good as a fighter. You know, you're in good hands with Tony got a good team in Matrram. All he's got to do is train hard and make sure he does what he's told of him. Do &gt;&gt; you know the hardest thing is once you've gone up to that level, it's no going back. Yeah, Johnny, you know, you know, you've learned and you you've it's been tough for Johnny at certain times. I've had setbacks in me career, but once you go to a level, that's it then. There's no going back and and it's hard. So, just he needs to take his time, find the right defense. That was a hard fight tonight. That was not easy. He's come he's took some big big shots and if there was a bigger puncher in there tonight we might have found out something else about him but it was Tyler Denny who's a really good fighter. You you know what would anyone want to see that again? &gt;&gt; I'd love to see that again. &gt;&gt; Tyler would like to see it again. &gt;&gt; I thought it was a really good fight. I'm not going to lie. I thought there was two rounds. So what's wrong with running that back? Let's see. Can you beat him? Can you stop? I don't know. But like I said JJ Marquilles more good fights. That's what we want. win that British spell outright as Tony said he tonight Vizoli the future's bright these youngsters are now coming through and they're ready that's the perfect segway obviously he's been doing this before uh Vizoli let's talk about him because there were three wars with Vizoli there certainly wasn't it was almost punch perfect I mean just a beautiful boxer and maybe I guess the one thing maybe is that could he have gone up that that extra gear to really get rid of Charles but apart from that perfect there there's so many fighters I can game that I've watched and studied over the years. It's like when Shak Stevenson fights and everyone goes, you know, he's just so much better, but you want that finish, don't you? But when you when your level's above someone, get rid of them. And I know the the frustrating about this with with Shak Stevenson, it it's difficult because he's fighting elite fighters who are the same level as him and he's still outclassing them. But for Georgio Vizioli tonight, he's so much better. And and I think if he puts his foot down in round six, seven, eight, he gets rid of him. I I don't even think that's a question. But he's happy to cruise and happy to look the part look good. Son, that can cost you going down the road. Believe you me, it only takes one shot that you don't see coming. &gt;&gt; So aesthetically pleasing to watch as you. But &gt;&gt; sometimes it is nice to see someone go in there and turn the screw and really that's what Yeah, that's what people in stands that have paid their 40 quid or 500 quid. They want to see a bit of blood and guts. I wish I could do half of what Giorgio physi the kid could do. &gt;&gt; I think there's a few saying let's quickly wrap up before we do it. Let's talk Jimmy Sainz. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Derek. I mean, he wanted a test, didn't he? And he got the test. I mean, &gt;&gt; this was difficult for Jimmy Sains at times, but he found a way. Again, I'll go to you, Johnny, because it goes to what he's doing in the gym. Things that we don't see. the fans don't really see all the as you say the early morning sprints and hill runs and he needed that today against Aszi. He &gt;&gt; did. Asi was a he's he's a good operator himself. These weren't easy fights tonight. Every fight as you said was competitive. Jimmy Sains had to dig and show something else. And as I said, if you don't have that mileage in the tank where you've been on the road or you've been doing the running or pushing yourself on the bag, you won't be able to come through that no matter how much you want to do it. &gt;&gt; You know zero, don't you? many. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. You just people don't pay close attention to what I'm talking these fights are making the these fighters better. Sains tonight was really good and he showed he could come through some moments, but it was hard for him there at times. And he's learned more tonight than he has in all the other fights in his career combined. For Vizoli, not so much. And then I'd say for Lillard, I'd say that that was that's a big fight for him tonight. Your first 12 round was very, very hard and he's come through. &gt;&gt; Can I put you on the spot very quickly, John? Obviously Sainz and Lard in the same gym, same weight, one title behind one title behind the other. Jimmy, but Jimmy Sains's ambition is going to be in the gym. &gt;&gt; It's going to be wanting to win British title a little bit. &gt;&gt; I'm just saying the journalist. &gt;&gt; It's a bit warmer on his Tony. Tony, &gt;&gt; they spar each other a bit. &gt;&gt; They spar each other a lot. they find little square circles and properly go for it and &gt;&gt; yeah I can imagine &gt;&gt; but yeah it was it it's a nice question to ask but I don't think it's the &gt;&gt; it's not going to happen while they're under the same Tony I've known Tony a long time &gt;&gt; sorry Tony I'm just asking a question &gt;&gt; Tony would not allow that to happen on his watch he couldn't possibly because I don't know who's been there longer but I know they're similar in age and and they're at a similar level they're on the way they're on the right trajectory to meet but that's never going to happen while they're in that gym seems don't need to Okay, doesn't mean &gt;&gt; just remember I said it. All right, let's talk about the first fight which was clearly fight of the night. I mean that was a war ley butter getting the job done and I spoke to his team after I said look send him on holiday. Let him relax because that was a war and you don't want to take those type of wars when you're a young kid coming through. You can't have a lot of those in your career. &gt;&gt; You're spot on. You can't you'll get three maybe four nights like that in your whole career and then you damage goods. &gt;&gt; There's no two ways about it. It's uh Butterig He found the punch. He I'm not going to lie, he kind of It was a really close fight. One that I thought he might have been losing with the points off and that ridiculous gum shield, but uh he he he found that the uh the huminger of a punch that got him through and it literally just about got him over the line. But he's got to sort that gum shield out first and foremost and uh and learn to go for the finish. the rattling off these combinations and like tap tap tap tap tap land the hard shots in. Stop tapping with jabs. Use the job as a the jab is can be a weapon can be a round rod of times. You've got to learn to use it properly. &gt;&gt; It's making me think, right? Cuz you want to find that balance between having hard fights where you learn or having them easy fights where you you knock someone out in one or two rounds. When I fought here and knocked someone out in 30 seconds, you don't really learn much from that. And when I've had two, I've had an absolute war and I've had one when I've been beat very badly. Like you learn a lot from them, but you don't want to be having too many. As you said, three or four. You got three or four or five of them if you're lucky in your &gt;&gt; Can I be totally honest? Your learning champ is done. &gt;&gt; We don't expect anything else, Tony. &gt;&gt; Only the learning is done in the gym. &gt;&gt; The learning is done in the rounds of sparring getting by sparring better opponents. I used to get opponents in that were contenders. I didn't want the regular sparring partner. &gt;&gt; I remember getting no Goss Noi now the WBC champion. He was one of my sparring partners. He's a champion. &gt;&gt; Spart a Hugovic or a Fury. That's when &gt;&gt; and you want them hard rounds are done in the gym. &gt;&gt; Here is a bonus. You're under the light. This is a B. I I want to shine here. I want to look great. I want to do a mill. I want to get a knockout in 20 seconds if I can because the last 12 weeks I've gone through hell &gt;&gt; and I prepared me body for war. And that's what it's all about. What you do in that gym is is what you show under them lights. Yes. &gt;&gt; You know, it's going to be war as well tonight. Don't go anywhere. Get a coffee in fact. Maybe order a Chinese. See what I did there? Maybe order a Chinese. Indeed, &gt;&gt; cuz Carlos Adam defends his WBC middleweight strap. It's been a middleweight theme tonight. He takes on Ammo Williams. This one was supposed to happen on the undergard Lopez versus Shako Stevens. It happens tonight in Orlando, Florida. It's going to be a cracking fight. It's been a cracking night of boxing. This place never fails to deliver. Hopefully we see you back in &gt;&gt; selling out the copper Bosch once again. &gt;&gt; Love it. It just feels like home now. I mean &gt;&gt; the noise it makes when you're on so loud &gt;&gt; when you come out like that you do that everything. It's just fantastic. Johnny, it's been great to have you with us. Thank you very much. It's there next time. Tony, as always been great to have you guys with us as well. We'll see you on the next one. And make sure you stay up for the middleweight title