Kind: captions Language: en We got a lot to get into on the show. We are here in Orlando getting ready uh for the middleweight championship fight. Ammo Williams challenging Carlos Adamus for his WBC middleweight title. We're going to talk about that. We've got a whole bunch of news in boxing get into as well. But I got to start Sergio with the story that I just picked up about an hour before we started taping this show. And that was the interview that Big John Fury did with Playbook Boxing. I want to make sure I get this right. Playbook Boxing is the interview. Now, John Fury, of course, the father of Tyson Fury, a very visible guy within Team Fury, a former, what was he like a bare knuckle boxer himself, uh, just a very gregarious, outgoing guy that's always a part of Team Fury, even working the corner of Tyson Fury for many fights. Well, John Fury says he will not be working the corner for Tyson Fury's return fight against Arcelon Makbudov. John Fury telling uh Playbook Boxing that his relationship with his son is quote destroyed and says his son doesn't need him anymore. Uh he claims he's never taken a nickel off of Tyson. Uh he says he was 30 seconds away during the interview from having taken a break because he's never really expressed these emotions anymore. He had what was a pretty serious take on Tyson's career, saying, quote, "I think he's past his best. people are building him up like he's invincible. He's not and hasn't been for a while. End quote. He says the Deontay Wilder trilogy quote finished his son Tyson Fury and he says that Arlan McMudof is a real threat saying quote Tyson's legs aren't there anymore. Makmudof is a problem for Tyson. I'll be the first one to say it. My reaction Sergio first was wow. Like from any pundit, that would be a strong take. Coming from the father of Tyson Fury, the man that knows Tyson Fury the best, the man that's been in his camps with him. For him to say that about his son weeks before his son is set to come back for a huge fight, which could be a springboard to an even bigger fight, maybe the biggest fight of Tyson's career. What was your reaction to seeing those comments from Big John Fury? I uh I'm not surprised because uh every father, son, boxer, trainer relationship always ends up like this, you know, and that's the reason I don't like that chemistry. I mean, it's fine when they're amateurs. It's fine when you're a kid, but when you're a grown man, when you're the former heavyweight champion of the world, when you've already conquered the world, you've done everything on your terms with the weight on your shoulders. Then you start looking at your father like, "I'm the one that was right. I'm the one that got us here." And you don't start looking at him as a trainer with respect anymore. So, it was bound to happen. It was bound to happen. That's that's what I think. But we all know that John Fury and Tyson Fury are master promoters. Can they actually &gt;&gt; You think this is a promotional? &gt;&gt; No, I don't. All I'm I'm just saying there's a flip side to that. Maybe there can be master promoters. Maybe they could be selling the fight. Maybe they can be uh uh giving uh Makmoud some kind of confidence because of the friction that they have. I don't think that's the case. I think there's solid there's solid uh lovehate relationship between the father and son. And I think it finally got to the the the breaking point. And it's sad. It's sad that it had to come to this because usually it's money that gets in the way of relationships, but for this one, it's more than just money. And it's it's tragic really. &gt;&gt; It's it's hard to see given the relationship that the two have had over the years. When Tyson Fury was retired, if you watch those Netflix specials, John Fury was often with him when he was traveling around. always by his son's side, always the biggest supporter for all of his sons who are in the boxing game. But there is obviously a toxicity that's that's creeped in to all this. I want to read some more of this because John Fury, one of the things that makes me think this is about some of the boxing decisions Tyson has made is cuz John Fury has always had a beef with Sugar Hill Stewart. Like John Fury, Sugar Hill, of course, the trainer of Tyson Fury and John Fury I I don't think likes Sugar Hill all that much. He said that he regrets Tyson taking the Alexander Usyk fight, saying, "I begged him not to take it. He was worn out. His excellency was going to give us $13 million fine for pulling out. I said I'd take it." I'm not sure he's getting a $13 million fine. Uh but of Sugar Hill Stewart, he said Sugar Hill is quote, "No Emanuel Stewart, just a gym sweeper living off his grandpa's name." And he says with Sugar Hill and his team in Tyson's corner, Tyson could end up dead or with brain damage. This isn't like the words of a jilted former trainer. This is some serious stuff that that John Fury's spouting off on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's concerning because uh you know, you don't want to talk about brain damage and and and the health of your son like that towards the end of his career. I mean, Tyson Fury only has a certain amount of fights left, maybe even just one. And it was uh Sugar Hill Stewart that actually got him through those fights. So, yeah, he's speaking like a father and kind of like a a father that's been, you know, betrayed. it sounds like he's been betrayed at least and I don't think that's the case. I just think they're they're making a lot of money. They're they're they're taking advantage of it at this point of their career and every dollar counts. And I I think if the percentage that the &gt;&gt; You think it's about the money? &gt;&gt; I think it is about the money. It always comes down to the money. I I think the father is &gt;&gt; main's father did make a big point of saying I've never taken a nickel from &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think the father's envious of the 10% if it's 10% or whatever percentage that a steward is getting I think it should be going and lining the the pockets of the father at this point of their career. So, I think he feels left out. And this is what happens all the time. I mean, look, Roy Jones Jr. split up with his father, and it happens all the time. Mayweather Jr. always split up with his father. Uh, and Oscar De La Hoya was trained by his father. We see a lot of these these the father-son relationships, they don't end well, especially when they get to the title and they start making a lot of money. &gt;&gt; But my issue with this happening right now is that it's happening weeks before Tyson Fury is scheduled to come back. The timing is crazy. You know, look, Tyson has been through more than most boxers ever had. He's seen the highs and lows, the mental health issues had to deal with. Um, but he's going to have to be sharp coming into this fight, and he's coming off a year and a half layoff. He's coming off a bad performance against Alexander Usyk. Granted, Usyk is a great fighter, but Tyson Fury, I didn't think he looked very good in that second fight against Usyk. Is this the kind of thing that, you know, maybe infects the mind of Tyson Fury going into this fight? &gt;&gt; No, not at all. &gt;&gt; Because people are going to be asking about in the UK, it's going to be a big story. &gt;&gt; No, it's going to be a big story. The bigger the story, the more that he's going to relish it because the Ty Tyson Fury is crazy as a fox. He he really relishes the the attention. He wants all that attention on him and he he can handle it. This is a big man with big shoulders that can handle any type of uh adversity and he's been through the darkness already. I mean, he's he he's gained 300 plus pounds. He's lost it. We thought he was gone from boxing. He came back and said he's going to lose all the weight and he got back to the top. I mean, I I listen when he talks. I believe someone like that because a man that can get past that that that phase in his life and get out of the darkness into the championship and become the baddest man on the planet. I mean, I I I'm listening. &gt;&gt; It clearly is a deeply personal issue between these two. The last quote I'll read is that John Fury says, quote, "If you can't show your father respect when it matters, fine. I don't need you." that I mean that's some strong personal stuff from the father of Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; My son talked to me like that. I'll give him some nalgadas. You know what that is? &gt;&gt; No, I don't know what that is. &gt;&gt; Thanking. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we were in New York this past uh week a couple of days ago now uh for the announcement of Top Rank and Done. We talked about this a little bit earlier in the week on our podcast. Uh but this is a big deal. top rank linking up with Done bringing its stable of champions, its stable of prospects, its stable of contenders over to Don in a multi-year deal. We saw on the stage you had uh Shushu Carrington 126-lb title holder, Abdullah Mason, 135B title holder, Keshan Davis, former champ. Ameiliano Vargas, soon to be champ. Xander Zas wasn't there, but he's a unified champ. So, this is a big stable that top rank is being bringing over it. In your opinion, how big is this? What what is your biggest takeaway from Top Rank coming over to the zone? &gt;&gt; The biggest takeaway is that Bob Arum, who's known as a Bob Father, the greatest promoter uh in in in boxing. I mean, he's a Hall of Famer. Uh everyone respects Bob Arum. The fact that he's able to bring his library over, his young talent, the future of boxing, these names you just mentioned, especially Keshan Davis, who I think when he has his head on right is pound-for-pound the goods. and Ameliano Vargas, a future pound-for-pound uh champion in my my opinion and pay-per-view seller. The kid just has it that it factor, you know, coming from that father's uh legacy. So, I think Bob Aaron wanted to come in with a bang. I think he wanted to show all the other promoters that the zone works with, Oscar De La Hoya, Matchroom, Queensberry, and everyone else, I'm still the man. I'm still, you know, I'm I'm still running strong at 94 or 95 years old and this is still my sport. So, I love the fact Bob Arum did that. It was a big conference. It was a big deal and it got the attention of everyone in boxing and uh that's that's a beautiful thing.