Kind: captions Language: en Joya Inu 32 years of age now. Picasso 25. The height in favor of Picasso as well. Touch gloves. Go to both of you. Wetto loss. Touch close. &gt;&gt; The Inaway brothers went back to their roots so to speak. They did portions of their training camp outdoors for the first time in many years. A little bit of a nostalgic feel. And this is vintage Analia in a way that you're seeing right now. &gt;&gt; Look at that terrific combination just going through the gears. I think everything that Inuo does is really predicated on that amazing quick first step. &gt;&gt; Big there from Inway. He's just creeping the wrong direction for Kato. He's moving on to that right hand. He's better off taking a little step to his right hand side. &gt;&gt; A wise chopping right hand there from Picasso as in away comes back leaping in with an uppercut. These these are the the passages where Picasso's really got to get to work. When he's got his man back onto the rope or in the corner, then you get to work. Just standing in front of away a bit too much. They love to see him just get either side of the target away trying to hook with Picasso there trying to beat him in with his back against the ropes. Oh, that wrist right hand there from Inway. And an opportunity to go again there in a way. Double jab right hand. But look at that guy left. &gt;&gt; Beautiful stuff, Cory. That really is class. And he doesn't need to do this. He's opting to do this. Sit in the pocket there. Shot fly now. Pushing Picasso [cheering] back. That left to the body as well. Just slip through the guards. And another one right there. All right, Picasso spins off looking for a little motivation as we head into the final three minutes. This is not the last that we'll see of him and certainly will be the end of his fan support back. Oh, good hook up top there from Picasso, but no way also landing to the body at the same time. Look at the movement of a way. It is just remarkable to see this up close. Sun, [cheering] some talent. We have just witnessed again here in Riad. Special special fighter and that will do it. And pound for pound, who in the world is better than that man? &gt;&gt; Still undefeated and still the undisputed super bantamweight champion of the world. OH YEAH, THE MONSTER.