Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Okay, gentlemen, oy my commands. In the event of a knockdown, a fight to standing will go to the third district. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. In the blue corner with a black and white, the British and Commonwealth Middleweight Champion, newly crowned George Leonard ascending one feels, but Taylor Denny from the Black Country. The 34 year old. Is he a veteran? I tell you what, he's had a fantastic last two or three years. If you look at the form and the turnaround in his career, he's quality. If he can make you fight his fight, will Lard be able to cope? He's maturing quickly into a really good all round fighter, George Lard, and still so young at 23. &gt;&gt; Well, he has to keep it clean, Lard. That's the best thing for him. Then he wants it dirty. He wants to see Red wants to get involved. He wants to get physical. So he's got to keep it nice and long, clean and just keep hurting there in the first round. Lard trying to pounce aiming for the body which looks jlly to me of Tyler Denny. Lovely how how he resets his feet and keeps adjusting the range slightly to control it. He's finding the target over and over again. Lovely work from George Leard in this first round. Little smile from Lard at the end of that round. &gt;&gt; He's got a huge fan base already. George Lard and a lovely right hand as well. Tyler Denny under pressure being caught maybe too much for his corner liking. This is very explosive. They are at the moment too powerful, strong, accurate and Denny will in trouble trying to come back with a couple of punches of his own but he's not got that power and a body shots hurt him nearly falling in there. China Denny has to hold and this is all a little too much I feel for Denny. He looks solid and he is making this look very easy at the minute. drooling on &gt;&gt; against an opponent that is usually very awkward to hit. But that that low that you work so well for Denny is just giving out the target the hit. He's hitting on the temple every time and it's just stranding the legs out of of Tyler Denny and he's at home as a headliner fighting in title fights. He looks very very at home like his whole life has led to this moment. A lovely shot. &gt;&gt; They say a happy fighter is a dangerous fighter. He looks comfortable, calm, considered, and these punches are hurting Denny. He's brave and tries to come back with some body shot. We might have to fight fire with fire just to keep Lard at bay. Eight stoppages in his 13 wins today. Leard as Denny tries to get a couple of punches off again. It's that kidology, the smile from George Leard. Showing good feet there to chase the move around. in fact again good shots complained about a low one then carried off when the referee didn't say anything I see a few fakes from he's going to look for that right hand try and draw out that jab of dead he can't seem to get into his usual flow &gt;&gt; it's the little adjustments for the little adjustments he's making the slight angle position changes yeah but he's so relaxed even when there's fire in front of him he's making a slight adjustment and throwing as soon as he gets there I I think he could be making this round easy for himself that that empty attack tire you hurt you. &gt;&gt; Another body shot fire. &gt;&gt; He tries to catch lid on he did he did nice right back though inside. Short shot from lid. Can he get a foothold in this? Tyler, Danny, &gt;&gt; this is how he gets a foothold in the contest. Lovely straight one, too. Yeah, beautiful punches from China Danny. Maybe the best in the fight so far. Good response there from the dad with that right hand &gt;&gt; and just doing a better job in this round so far in the fifth of just punishing Denny's mistakes. Every little move that Denny's made wrong, he's got caught of a nice sharp crisp shot. It went heavy, but he's finding it a lot easier to get there. Better work from Denny though in the pocket. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is where he got work away. Good right hand back from Liver number two again. Straight away from from Delhi again. Good action in the fifth round. &gt;&gt; It's been a brilliant night here in the copper box. &gt;&gt; This is what he would have imagined as well before the fight. &gt;&gt; Denny with a nice back eye there and on the hook. Leard getting some work of his own in there. &gt;&gt; Denny working the body of Leonard. &gt;&gt; Terrific round. Best of the fight. You first and third. We say it all the time, don't we? You start first. try to make him make it clear again if you can for for Tyler. You got to get to that target before taking too many punches quick as he can. And then he gets close. He has he has the effect. He has he gets the results he wants. &gt;&gt; He has, hasn't he? &gt;&gt; He's being pushed back consistently by Danny though as the action heats up again in the seventh round. Ebing and flowing. Oh, Denny suddenly looking strong as he hammers in more body shots. And that red corner really getting exciting. &gt;&gt; Good work from Leonard. Denny tries to respond. But this is a better round for the Essex champion. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just cleaner work, isn't it? Again, and it's always about when Denny's coming forward. Well, good right hand there from Denny. &gt;&gt; Cracking right hand from Tyler Denny. I think he'll be screaming at himself after this fight. Why didn't I just keep the distance? Why didn't I just keep popping? &gt;&gt; He fell that one. I tell you what, you got to even though like thinking he's boxing the wrong fight left hand from Tyler Denny walked into that George L on. &gt;&gt; He's showing a toughness. He doesn't need a show. Yeah. Now again it won't matter &gt;&gt; this late on. Who wants this more? Learn going for an uppercut. BACK COMES TYLER DENNY. FANTASTIC WORK FROM the man for the Midlands. They are back with a right hand. The power is with George. The heart is with TYLER DENNY. FANTASTIC action in the 11 AS THE TWO SWING FROM THE HEAD. What has been a magnificent night here at the box? Just over halfway left in this round. Oh, go. Will one of them take a count? And how crucial might that be? Two or three cleaner shots. Yep. Smile coming through now. George Lard. He's ridden out some rough patches. &gt;&gt; Come on, says Errol Johnson. living and breathing is Tyler Debi still VERY MUCH ALIVE here &gt;&gt; pushing George Lard &gt;&gt; down the stretch that he loves and he's been as good as his word Tyler Denny belt Commonwealth title at stake Leard finishing strong but Tyler Denny has done brilliantly and that is what boxing's about the respect after sharing ing souls for 12 rounds. What a night, guys. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we go to the scorecards and they read as follows. Mark Bates, Reese Carter, and Lee Every all score the contest in favor of your winner. AND STILL BRITISH AND NOW IBM unbeatal CHAMPION THE RICKY BMER CHAR.