Kind: captions Language: en All right. So, as I mentioned, I am in New York City, host of the press conference on Wednesday to announce the Xander Zas Giron and his fight. And Sergio, I didn't know what to expect going into that press conference, but I left even more excited about that fight than when I came into it. I mean, the confidence in both those guys was just brimming. Uh, you knew Boots was going to have confidence. He believed the best 154 in the world. Xander Zas who even people on his own side wondered why he was pushing for this fight. Even his trainer needed an explanation from him before he signed off on him taking this fight. His promoter who admitted on the deis that like his plan for Xander was to put him in MSG, put him in Puerto Rico, do a nice title defense. This was all Xander Zas. But Xander on that stage continues to look like, act like, sound like a guy that firmly believes that he is the better fighter in this matchup. What were your takeaways from watching Boots and Xander face to face for the first time? &gt;&gt; It was a a a fun press conference because Boots was really confident confidence. He was brimming with confidence. And normally you you see Boot Boots more, you know, more chill with a little bit more swagger. you know, he has he's a little bit more, you know, soft with with his uh with his comebacks, but no, he was brimming with confidence and him and Zas were going back and forth. And I think Zas handled it perfectly. You know, for a 23-year-old champion who hasn't really been against the best, he's facing somebody that's potentially pound-for-pound one of the best. And Zia's handled it, he handled it with flying colors, man. And I think Boots better respect what he's what he has in front of him. Even though the measurements stay the same, I saw a bigger younger fighter motivated to do something great in Zas and and if Boots is not careful and is a little bit too much overconfident, then this is the type of fight where he can be exposed. There was something both of them were going on saying they both get hit. Yes, they do. But Boots gets hit being offensive. Zas gets hit, you know, you know, being a little bit a little bit uh uh pulling his head back, you know, rookie rookie mistakes. And I think a a fighter like Boots can capitalize on that. And Zas better be on his P's and Q's. He better have that sharp tech technique because he's dealing with a more confident, maybe overconfident, but more skilled and naturally gifted fighter and boots. And that's the reason that the the unified champion is the underdog in Zas. Yeah, I I can't help but wonder what Zas's game plan is going to be because his team I think is going to want him to try to push Boots back. And you saw some of the things that Xander said. He said he felt that Boots has been a weight bully for most of his career. So that that and some conversations that I had with people around him told me that they want to be a more offensive fighter. But we've seen when guys come at Don Andis, he is an excellent counter puncher. he's excellent fighting going backwards. Um, he kind of eats up that style. Now, maybe Xander and his team can say he's never done that against a guy on my level. That's probably true. I mean, look, Danny Onus is a really good fighter. Uh, Boots carved him up. Uh, Lima certainly not on Xander's level, but he came at Boots and got gobbled up. Guys that have come forward, you know, you go back to Roy Manvia who tried some of that. Um, you know, guys that that attack him tend to get beaten up. It's the guys that act a little bit cute that tend to survive and maybe make the fight look bad like Karen Chugazian did in uh in their fight. I'm just curious. I don't know what your thoughts are and like what's the best approach here for Xander's eyes because I can actually see like two or three different ways that Bootenis can win this fight. I'm still not sure yet what Xander's path to victory is going to be. Boots said a word that I I really gravitated to and I believe uh there is levels in championship boxing and Boots is on a higher level than Xander and I think Xander even though he's full of confidence I think he understands that he's dealing with a a much more gifted naturally more gifted fighter but with youth comes size comes with with with this vigor with with this uh with this stamina you know and I I give youth a lot you know a lot of credit you know for for biting off more they can chew whenever it comes to like a more established champion. So what does Xander need to do? He needs to fight a perfect fight on the inside and the outside and he can't he has to go 50/50 on both. He can't fight too much on the inside trying to be the bigger fighter because Boots will start catching and countering and I think probably stops him if Xander gets over aggressive and then he has to get on the back foot like Karen Chukazian did starting to be jabbing potshotting with the right hands you know catching Boots when he pulls back because Boots does make mistakes uh and o overengages sometimes even in a perfect fight it's man it's going to be hard for Xander I I just I hate to not give this kid a fighting chance to win, but it's going to be very hard for him to beat Boots by decision, let alone a knockout. And I think knockout's the only way to go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he he hasn't shown championship level power. Um, you look at his recent fights, including the last two, which have been championship fights that both gone to a decision. Uh, Boots does get hit like he's not, you know, Shakur Stevenson out there, but he's got a great chin as well. And I don't know if Xander has the power to do it. Like, can he hit and don't get hit? Use the entirety of the ring, be slick. I I don't know. It's It's tough. I'm I'm going to be very interested to see what kind of attack they have on fight night. But again, it to me, it doesn't matter. Like, he's taken this fight. He didn't have to take this fight. He could have moved up in weight after winning two belts and fought like a Denzel Bentley for the middleweight championship. Instead, he's staying at 54, going straight into the lion's den. Yeah, I mean look, top rank, we know they've got a great relationship with the WBO. Frank Warren promotes Denzel Bentley. Um, Janbeck is still technically the title holder that I would expect if and when he comes back, he'll move away anyway. Um, but Bentley is out there and Xander Zas could have gotten that fight and become a two division world champion. Instead, &gt;&gt; he's staying at 54 to fight arguably the best guy at 154. Like Eddie Hearn said it said, he's got coyotes. He's got it. Yeah. Don't ever say coones again, man. Cojones. All right. Yes, he has cojones, but he also is getting paid. &gt;&gt; Cojones. That's how you say it. Yeah. So, but he's also getting compensated and he's also getting the biggest payday of his career. And he's also, if he does come up short, coming short come up coming up short with a legitimate threat and a highly skilled fighter and boots. So, you can't knock him for that. So, he's getting compensated. He knows that he's going to be the underdog and there's nothing to lose here. I mean, those two belts, he he beat, you know, guys that really weren't champions. That's the reason on the totem pole of champions, Xander Zas is at the bottom, but doesn't necessarily mean that he can't be at the top with an upset win here. And and he's going to have to fight a perfect fight on the inside and the outside to win try to win a decision because I just don't see it in the cards, man. It's going to be it's going to be something great. So, we'll we'll see if Zas is ready for greatness. &gt;&gt; He's going to have to pull some brilliant boxing out of his bag. And if he was ever going to do it, now is probably the time that he could because of the confidence he has coming off those two championship fights, the swagger that he has being a unified world champion. He's got miles to go before he's a finished product. He's only 23 years old, but right now it's the best he's going to be going into 154 pound fight against boots. And I think it's going to be a fantastic fight uh for as long as it lasts. All right, last thing for you. Uh, we saw Zufa Boxing make even more moves this week, adding two more bigname fighters to the stable. Edgar Beranga, the former 168 pound title challenger. Richardson Hitchens, the 140 pound champion. They both signed deals with Zufa Boxing. Notably, they are both Keith Connley clients. Keith Connley also manages Connor Ben. So, a bit of a pipeline there to Zufa Boxing. U, what do you think? Burlanga has not been seen since that loss last summer to Hamza Shiraz. We were supposed to get Richard Hitchens earlier this year in a title defense against Oscar Dwarte. He had some trouble with the weight. Uh now both our Zufa boxing fighters. What do you think of those signings? &gt;&gt; It's good for Buranga who's coming off a knockout loss against Shiraz and lost two of his last three fights. Uh so it's good for Banga getting the bag, you know, going to Zufa, getting attention, you know, if his face is everywhere. Good for him because I tell you all the time, Beranga is never going to be a champion. All right, so there you go. So for him to still get &gt;&gt; say that about Ryan Garcia. You never know. You never know.