Kind: captions Language: en What's up, buddy? My buddy. Got to fly on. Got to keep him right, nice and neat. We're in Northport, Alabama. And this this gym is it's my my my second home now. You know, this is the second gym that we started. Yeah, I've done a lot of great work here. In all, we have three gyms. You know, we had the original. This is the second one we moved to. And then I got one that's custom built as well. It's the best gym in the world. What makes it the best gym in the world? Just how it's designed. It look like it's look like a spaceship. Like you on a like just think you out of space. Something like that. That was the theme of it. It's crazy, but I just don't let nobody come in and film cuz I have all the rights to that. You know, I don't want nobody have the rights to that. People love each other. We love each other here. You know, people always talking about racism and stuff like that, but I I've never had racism here. I've seen racism elsewhere even besides here. My first impression of Deontay Wilder, I wanted to knock him out. That was my first impression cuz I used to train Stiverne. That's where he got the title from. We did 12 rounds with him. He took the title from me. And eventually somehow I landed over here. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Rupaul's Drag Race. Used to be a male dancer. At least you weren't a female dancer. This training camp mentally it demanded me to to stay 100% focused. I've been 100% focused and locked in. And it's been a great feeling, you know, no distractions, preparing for one night, one fight. Yeah, around me I got my head coach is Don House. Which he had over 28 champions. I got Cuz Hill, which is my assistant coach. Been been here for from day one. And also got JD's, which was my long time trainer, which is my manager now. And And you know, the same years with us. We started together and we're going to end together. HOW DO DEONTAY GLOVES FIT? I CAN'T EVEN PUT MY hand in. Oops, did I do that? That camp is going great. Right now with him I have to slow him down. He's just so eager and hungry right now to get in the ring. And we was doing we doing two training sessions today. And he's working so hard I'm cutting these things down. I said, "Man, listen, you ready to go." Deontay take a fight tomorrow right now. He's ready. Um this camp is about sharpening weapons and discovering new ones as well, you know. We love to have fun. What still drive me is, you know, I started this career I started my career because of my daughter that was born with spina bifida. So, I risked my life to save a life. And I've done it very well, you know. Then added six more kids, make seven kids in all. Not only taking care of my family, but taking care of other families. I was a very selfless. But at this point in time, I'm selfish. You know, I've never really just been selfish in my life. I've always had to take care of people. I've been taking care of people since I was 12 years old. This is the first time in my life I can say I'm selfish. And that's where I am at this point in time. I'm at peace. I'm I'm happier than I've ever been in a long time. It didn't take me like a 30 minutes to a hour to cool down from training cuz I I sweat so much. I sweat over 2,100 calories. But I'm very Yeah, always been that way, but I'm very strong though. They see small a small guy, small heavyweight. But get in there and feel like, Even as far as I can throw them. Some of the guys get bigger than me, I throw them and stuff. Their eyes get big and stuff. Like, "Nah, you know better than that." Just God given, man. I'm a Samson. I really am. Oh, man, this is what this is a honey garlic glazed pork chop. I got side of rice and sweet potato fries. Superb. Oh my goodness, so good. You know. Had some good times growing up here, too. We had some good fun as kids. [snorts] We got into a lot of stuff, man. You know what I'm saying? We got into a lot of stuff, man. We got into it. We might not tell that story cuz it's probably too good [laughter] at this time. Growing up around here was was very fun. I had a a great childhood, you know. We was in a household filled with love. We didn't have everything, but we was filled with love. That was for sure. I grew up poor, but we couldn't tell, you know. If you wanted to swim, you know, you clean out your little garbage can and get in there. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Man, that was a good old time. Some good times and good good good days, you know. People don't understand what a fighter actually goes and goes through before transformation &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; to actually get in the ring, one fight one night that can last 1 second to to to 30 seconds minutes. You know what I mean? Came from the fact that Joe Louis is from Alabama. So, that's the He was the Brown Bomber. So, Deontay won the bronze medal. Combined with Joe Louis being from Alabama, so it became Bronze Bomber. Sweet home Alabama. In this area back in the day, you know, um blacks was prohibited to come around in this area. Only time they was here is to clean houses and stuff like that. And if you go uh farther back, this is the Black Warrior River. You know, um they got a Black Warrior right here in front of the Black Warrior River. You know, being in this area a lot of elderly, they couldn't believe that I had a statue here. They hear it, they see it on the news, but they had to be here in person to see it because of how the times were. Just a beautiful thing, you know, every time I come, I just see progression. I see change. I see, you know, how far, you know, a culture have come. And it's just a motivation every time I see it, you know. And it's a beautiful feeling, you know. That's why I'm always here at home. As you can see, many people pass by blowing their horns and stuff. Maybe see people pull up at times. Um you know, Don, he always when he makes my my uniforms to fight, he comes here. When he when he can't get into with my measurements, he'll put it right on him. I put it at least around Deontay hand. Right now, since I will be making his uniform, I like to use his statue as my template. It's a lot easier dealing with this than dealing with the live Deontay Wilder cuz he can't hold still. He's just ready to knock somebody out. This Deontay Wilder going to sit right here all day all night long. So, I got him all night to deal with. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I think I think you're going to see the best version of Deontay because he knows what's on online. He knows what he's in against. Very very very tough, determined Derek Chisora. And so, Deontay knows that to do what he has to do to win spectacularly, he has to be ready. And so, you're seeing you're going to see the Deontay Wilder that that you will remember forever. Uh the version you're going to see is not the man you see now with the least smiles and and and and and polite, you know. I told I've stated it before, you know, we we we were friends, but on fight night, even the fight week, it won't be the same. It can't be the same, you know. We are two warriors. And when warriors are ready to go to war, it's nothing pleasant. It's nothing nice. It's all serious and it's all business. And so, that's what I'm looking forward to. I'm looking forward to a devastating [music] performance, a devastating knockout to lead up to the bigger fight.