Kind: captions Language: en Happy holidays and welcome to Boulevard Studios in the heart of Riyadh. This is a place that has seen mega stars from across the world of sports and entertainment make their mark here, but today it's the stars of the boxing ring to take center stage at the official press conference for Ring 5 night of the samurai. The growth of boxing here in Saudi Arabia and the vision of His Excellency Turki Alalshikh has been inspiring and breathtaking. And we've had just about everything in the kingdom, but we've never had the invasion of the Japanese, that new force of world boxing that we see up here. And just hearing in the room today, of course, this is the night of the samurai, but it's also by the sounds of things, Viva Mexico Cabrones from Mr. [cheering] Picasso and a lot of fighters here today. And we know what the Mexicans come to do, they come to fight. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously like I understand like this is um a the rare chance for me to, you know, get on the stage this time. So, that's why like I want to enjoy, have fun as much as I can. Great contest to open the card. This one, don't blink. Edri Seen Garcia, a huge puncher against Tiger and Najee. Edri Seen, welcome. Um again, same question to you. This is the night of the samurai here to upset the odds. And of course, I'm ready to upset everyone else. And win the the fight. Tiger, for those who are going to be introduced to you for the first time, we know in Japan you are rising star, but ready to announce yourself on the world stage this week. Well, it's such a great honor to be able to fight in such a big stage. And I would like to make sure that like my presence is confirmed in such a big stage. And I'm well, I'm I will make sure to win. So, uh please uh keep supporting me. Thank you. Um this event is named as samurai, Japanese samurai wouldn't escape from you or wouldn't hide themselves from you. So, your opponents have to remember that I'm going to fight against them. Well, indeed, like um it's um I really have to fight in Sorry, win in such a big tournament so that like this will lead to the next step. So, I will make sure to win this tournament. I know that you're focused on the fight this week, but is that next step a potential undisputed fight with Jesse Bam Rodriguez? Yes, indeed, I've always wanted to fight against him. So, I would like to make sure that like I I secured a chance to fight against him here. Sebastian Hernandez and Junto Nakatani. This is going to be an all action firefight. Sebastian, welcome again. All of Mexico here to support these fighters as well. So many great international fighters, a chance for you to beat one of the stars of the sport on the pound-for-pound list, Junto Nakatani. Are you ready for war this week? And I'm ready to to the fight. I'm prepared and I'm I'm going to give my best for this performance. You have a huge knockout percentage and we've seen Junto is a huge puncher as well. Should be a a really, really fun fight. Yeah, Junto Nakatani is very good fighter and I feel really excited for this fight. I prepare my best so I'm going to give my best on on the fight, too. And thank you for everything. Uh first of all, I would like to thank you for inviting me to such a big stage. But I've been preparing 100% so you can see me 100% on 27th. Hi everybody. First, Masa here. First, I would like to say uh thank you. Thank you promoter. Thank you from the Turkey, the Ring Magazine, the all the people to stay here to make this possible. It's amazing for me to stay here. Uh so, thank you so much. Uh first of all, all my respect, entire respect to Japan, to all the Japanese team, and also to every single person that is here. However, on Saturday is not going to be the samurai night. I'm so sorry, it's going to be the Azteca night. If you win this week, what that does for Mexican boxing, it has another undisputed champion. What is your message to the Mexican fans, your people here about what you will give them against Naoya Inoue? First of all, obviously, even though that we represent Mexico and we represent our land, basically every single Mexican fighter that he that is here, we do it for our people. We do it because our blood running inside our bodies. Um like I say, I've been working so hard for this moment. I run thousands of kilometers. Um and basically, I'm so proud about the job that I have done. Bringing those belts in into Mexico is going to is going to make my country so proud. So, please, please, please, yes, I'm not going to let you down. Naoya Inoue, welcome. As I said, the only reigning undisputed champion in boxing. And as Terence Crawford departs the sport, you move up to number two. I'm sure you've got your eyes on number one as well. How proud are you to fight in Saudi Arabia this Saturday? And how much of a challenge does this man represent? Uh this bout is going to be uh uh escalating my future career. And also that that how I fight this about could be uh could lead to my position to pound-for-pound number one. So, I would like to do my 100%. The only undisputed star right now in male boxing, Naoya Inoue against Alan Picasso for the undisputed championship. Junto Nakatani against Sebastian Hernandez in a breathtaking fight. Kenshiro Teraji in a must-win fight against Wilibaldo Garcia. All action on Saturday night. Let's enjoy it. And of course, let's have some noise on Saturday night as Japan takes on Mexico here in Saudi Arabia. Don't miss it. Thank you. &gt;&gt; [applause]