Kind: captions Language: en Well, so, another belt has been added to my collection, but how many more belts would you like to acquire? Let's see, tonight, I got a new, ring belt, but tonight wasn't very good. Um, what is it? It wasn't good . Well, the matches were tough, but we played four matches this year and won all four. What are your hopes and goals for the future? Well, this year I was able to play four matches, and I'm satisfied with that, but I'm also a little tired. I'm going to take a little break. I think he deserves some rest as an alander, one of the best fighters, maybe for number one. He's worked so hard to get here, so taking a break means he's definitely worth it. He won today and is now number four, the king of the pack. Do you think he's worthy of being king, and that he'll be able to become king from now on? Yoshiku came to watch today, but I don't think I'm nearly good enough, so I'll keep honing my skills and become a fighter worthy of being number one. I think this will probably lead to a match against Nakatani next year, and Nakatani also won tonight. Inoue also won. Can we expect another big match like this next year? Yes. Well, since we both managed to win tonight, I'd like to negotiate with the chairman of the tournament committee again next year, including the direction we should take. Well, anyway, Japanese fans, please keep your expectations high. JessRez Iter says he wants to challenge Inoue. I think Bam Rodriguez is among them. So, is there a possibility that you might move up a weight class and fight Bam? Yes, that's possible. Well, if he moves up a weight class, and the timing is right for him in the super bantamweight division, then I'd like to wait for that opportunity. Whenheand super and foreign people, so many Japanese fans came, and so many people came all the way from far away places that they can't easily come to. Well, I imagine it's difficult for fans to see Inoue's matches these days, so could you please give a message to those fans? yes. To all the fans who came to the venue tonight, and to all the fans watching Remi, thank you so much for your support. Oh, and to all the Japanese fans who came to Saudi Arabia for the Spring Festival, thank you again so much. Wow, that's really reassuring. thank you. [Applause] And fight than you very much for me of power Japanese fans who came all over than you very much and you for today, well, thank you for a very good match. I'm very happy that you're still the unified champion in the super bantamweight division. thank you very much. Thank you very much.