Kind: captions Language: en as most people know, maybe they don't, I do a NBA podcast as well, and those NBA conversations uh are just often really educated, enlightening, informative, and I finish taping and I sit down with you. &gt;&gt; Hey, [laughter] what's up? Hey, Ra Rachel Nichols, who I'm a big fan of, by the way. Uh, very intelligent lady, very well-informed professional. And I asked her the question I always ask you about the Kobe and LeBron thing. She wanted to say Kobe. &gt;&gt; And I think she she she's a Kobe fan. She's an MJ fan. She's a generational fan. &gt;&gt; But unlike you, you company man, you're right away LeBron. LeBron, LeBron. At least she debated over it and made a case for Kobe and actually picked Kobe. You are Hashem. &gt;&gt; It's It's not a question of like the question of who's better is not really what &gt;&gt; I didn't say better. I said who's greater. &gt;&gt; That's the same thing. &gt;&gt; No, it's not. Greatness. Should I quote Shakespeare? &gt;&gt; No, please don't. Please don't. Great. &gt;&gt; Greatness is thrust upon. You're either born with it. Thrust. &gt;&gt; Shakespeare say thrust upon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thrust upon or something like that. Either you're born great, uh, achieve greatness or thrust upon greatness. Something like that. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Chris Maddox, Sergio Mora. He's the fighter, I'm the writer. Lot to get into on this show. We've got the Canelo Alvarez return announced this past week. We've got some news in the heavyweight division. Deontay Wilder coming back, not against the opponent people were talking about over the last couple of weeks. And you and I are headed back to Vegas. I know you're excited. Raymond Moritayia defending his title against Andy Cruz. Andy Cruz, six fights into his pro career, is going to get a world title opportunity. We got to start as we always do, Sergio, with our winners and losers of the week. Give me your winner of the week. &gt;&gt; My winner of the week was uh from the desert from one casino to another casino. You're talking about Jorge Chavez. I think the rematch uh he convinced everybody by beating unanimously almost stopping uh Manny Flores. Gucci Gucci Flores. And the way he did it, man, it was just impressive because, you know, he's in a weight class with one of the best fighters in the world who I think he can't compete against just yet, but he could be next in line. I seen everything I wanted to see with him. I I seen not only another gear, I seen three gears. I seen a man that followed instructions, who believed in his corner. And Hector Lopez, we give him I give him sometimes some some slack about his military uh instructions, but certain fighters feed off that. Certain fighters need that. Jorge Chavez is one of the guys that needs that and he followed it to a tea, man. And know I just think he's the winner of the week and I want to see a lot more of him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a really impressive win for Chavez. Um and I was most impressed by how he changed styles midstream. like he had a plan A. It wasn't working through three rounds. He went to plan B. Plan A was to box. Plan B was to brawl. He went in there and banged it out with a guy that's more comfortable theoretically in in that type of fight in um Manny Flores. I look, I thought Chavez took a big step in 122 pound division. He wasn't ranked before that. He deserves to be ranked by all four of the sanctioning bodies after that. I think there's some really interesting fights for him, you know, over the rest of this year. He should be looking at all the former title challengers that were out there. He should be looking at the Lewis Neries. He should be looking at the Allen Picassos. He should just basically be looking down the list of guys no in a way has beaten. You know, like all those guys are now viable potential opponents. &gt;&gt; You can add Rammon Cardennas to that list as well. &gt;&gt; Good name. &gt;&gt; Any of those fights would sell and keep them in desert. I love the fact that Golden Boy built both these guys, Flores and Chavez in Palm Desert area and the Palm Springs area. I believe I believe he fought seven times there. Chavez did 10 times for Floors. That's how you build, you know, a ticket seller. And &gt;&gt; keep fighting in Fantasy Springs. Keep fighting in the Coachella Valley. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's how you build a ticket seller. You seen the crowd there. I mean, it wasn't a big event with big names, but it was a pack pretty sold out house. Well, maybe not every sold out, but it was a it was a it was a great uh environment, a great atmosphere. It was loud, and I want to go back there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good win by Chavez. Big future for him at 122. High winner of the week is Jaipataya. Now Jaipataya didn't do anything last week. &gt;&gt; Except cash in on the Zufa boxing paycheck. Z signing a long-term contract with Zufa Boxing. From what I'm told, he's going to make low seven figures for these fights, which is a huge win for Jia Paya. Jai is unquestionably one of, if not the top guy in the cruiserweight division, but it has been very hard for him to make money outside of Saudi Arabia. I saw as one of his managers do an interview on YouTube and he said as much. He said the economics fighting in Australia just isn't there. Finding the right opponents has been difficult. Now he signs with Zufa boxing. He's probably going to wind up fighting in Las Vegas and he's going to make a pile of money. Certainly we can have a discussion about how it's going to work with Zufa. Can Zufa get another cruiserweight champion over to that side of the street? Can they give Jai an opponent at cruiserweight or heavyweight that makes it worth their while? But Jaaya getting that payday, getting that guaranteed money over multiple fights and multiple years, he's a big winner. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I can't hate on that either. I I I think he was bound to be a star anyway. I mean, he's he's uh he's a good-looking power puncher that goes for the knockout with excellent footwork from that southpaw stance. He has everything you need and everything you want and he has the money behind him as an Australian. So, he was bound to get there. Zufa saw all that and that's why they're trying to go for these guys that have a potential upside that that have more than just uh the record. They have the record, they have the fan base, they have the unique the unique look, the unique style, and Japataya fits perfectly in all those boxes. Um I I I've always like Apataya. Uh, his name was a little difficult for me to say initially, but what do I always tell you about names, Manx? He has that star name. It's a unique name. It's not just like a, you know, Joe Walsh or &gt;&gt; Sergio or Carlos Martinez, right? He's a Chai Apataya. &gt;&gt; So, he has that name that Dalton Smith, you know, he has the name, he has the look, he has the power, and that's the reason they went after him. I think it's interesting too that according to Jai's team, Zufa is going to promote him as the IBF champion. Zufa is going to look for title unification fights for him. Now, Zufa boxing has been built on this principle that the sanctioning bodies are out. We are going to have the Zufa boxing belt. We are going to have the ring magazine belt and that's all it's going to be. According to Jai, he said he spoke to Turkey al-Sik or at least his team did. They spoke to Dr. Rakan over there in Saudi Arabia and they promised him, these are the guys bankrolling Zufa. They promised him that he could fight in these title unification fights as a champion. So, I thought that was really interesting for uh for Jai's immediate future. All right, on the flip side, your loser of the week, give it to me. &gt;&gt; Well, look, I don't know whether it's uh singular or plural, but it's one name. I mean, it was they're twins. Jamal, Jamal, Charlo, both of them. But I'm gonna go with Jal Charlo. Mel Charlo as my loser of the week because he's uh pretty much airing his dirty laundry on social media with his brother. Everyone knows their back and forth. Everyone knows their their struggles and their issues uh inside and outside the ring now. Uh but you gota you got to keep that private, man. Especially when you guys are family members. Especially when you guys are blood. I mean, they're one minute apart, man. You know, they're they're identical twins. Had to look this up before I got here. You know, there's a difference between a fraternal and identical twin as far as one one uh human tadpole. I don't want to say sperm. One human tadpole did &gt;&gt; fertilizing one egg and then splitting into two embryos. It was fascinating. &gt;&gt; Please stop with the biology. &gt;&gt; It was fascinating. So, these guys come from the same egg. So, [laughter] they have more of a bond together. And the fact that they're, you know, really going at each other's neck, threatening to fight each other, that's not a good look for boxing, for them, the Charlo name. They done, they done so much for the sport that I want to see them come back and have one last harrah. Not only for a payday and not only for respect, but because they deserve it. And I want to see him. Lions on them, baby. But that's my lo loser of the week. Mel Charlo for the dirty laundry and and how he badmouth his brother. They've been doing that for a while. Like, stop it already. &gt;&gt; I I agree. Uh, blood is thicker than water. Blood lasts longer than boxing. But that's not new for Jal and Jerrell. They've been at odds for what seems like a long time. I remember I think it was before or after the Canelo press conference where Jamal at the podium, he basically said like, "Tell my brother to call me." Like they they were going through it. It was recently as a couple of years ago. So, yeah, there's obviously some lingering issues uh between those two guys. Hopefully they both get back into boxing, too. Like, you know, Jamal is a former undisputed champion. You know, there are a lot of names at 154. I want to see him back against one of those guys. All right, my loser of the week, Michael Zarafa. Did you see what happened between Michael Zarafa and Nikita Zoo last week? &gt;&gt; I did not. &gt;&gt; Okay. Michael Zarafasa by Nikita Zoo in what was a pretty big domestic fight in Australia. After the second round, Michael Zarafa had a cut above his eye. It was a very small cut that didn't look like he was bleeding. Zarafa says to the referee, "I can't see. I'm out. He bails out of the fight after the second round. Now, this caused some outrage at the time. I saw Zarafa in the ring trying to shake hands with Timoo, the brother of Nikita Zoo. And Timu looks at him and goes, "I'm not shaking your hand. I went 12 rounds with Sebastian Fendor. I couldn't see anything. I'm not shaking your hand. You had a little cut and you said, "I can't see." Now, Zaraf has apologized for what he said there. The fight was ruled a no contest, but it sure looked at the time that Zarafa was looking for a way out. He was looking to collect a check, not get a blemish on his record, not get hurt in the fight. I mean, that was embarrassing for Zaraf. I don't know what happens if they do a rematch with Nikita Zoo, but he that was basically stealing money in that fight by quitting what he did. &gt;&gt; Great for Tim Zoo for not giving them the uh respect. And a lot of champions should call him out and do the exact same thing because it happens all the time, Annex. And you know, me and you are, you know, walking a fine line verbally when we're on air, right? And whenever things like that happen, right away my my head goes into computing mode like, what word am I going to use? Not quitter, not coward, not, you know, I got to word it properly. But sometimes they are quitters. Sometimes they do look for a way out. Sometimes they do deserve the wrath of of of us criticizing them because they use that platform. that slot to get paid and not even compete or fight or try to, you know, uh, overcome adversity. Every fighter, including myself, man, have have fought through the blood, plenty of cuts. It's it's a nuisance. It really is difficult to fight uh through cuts. But when you finally decide to do that, it makes you a tougher fighter, and nothing can stop you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you got to look at the I mean, look at the cut. It wasn't a real damn referee to stop the fight. &gt;&gt; No. If a play if a fighter says I can't see, a referee's going to stop the fight. Even if he doesn't believe it, a referee's going to stop the fight. It's going to happen. Look, this was this to me and I watched the replay. It looked like like Zarafa wanted out and wanted out. Nikita Zoo thought the same thing. Thought he was going to wind up beating up Zarafa and he wanted out. That was embarrassing and I'd be surprised if Michael Zarafa gets &gt;&gt; He wanted out. Are you going to give him the the Q word? &gt;&gt; Quitter. Yeah, he quit. &gt;&gt; There you go, man. There you go. You're &gt;&gt; quitting that fight. There's no doubt about it. Everybody saw it. You you can't watch that fight and watch it back and think that Zarafa didn't quit. That was was a was brutal. 10,000 fans &gt;&gt; in that building. They came to see that fight was a main event. &gt;&gt; And that's even worse, man. Whenever you have a a a packed arena and you're the main event, you're the headliner. I can understand if it's a full rounder, a sixrounder, if you're on an undercard, you're not the main &gt;&gt; stole money. They came to see that fight. &gt;&gt; That is tragic. &gt;&gt; Stole money. All right. Um, we got to start the show today with the breaking news in the heavyweight division, which is that Deontay Wilder is reportedly finalizing a deal against Derek Desort. Now, Dererick Dora has been shopping for what he says is his 50th and final opponent or 50th and final fight. Um, he's been on a winning streak as of late, kind of rehabbed his image in the heavyweight division. Apparently, he has settled on Deontay Wilder. And Deontay Wild is going to go over to the UK and fight Derek Chisora. These two guys have been some big names at heavyweight for quite some time. What do you think of Wilder versus Chisora? &gt;&gt; I love that fight. It makes more sense than Wilder and Usyk. I think we had a topic saying that Usyk was going to fight Wilder. I'm like, for what? I go, he should be fighting someone that that's already on on on his side where he's lost or or or he already been knocked out that has a name but is not at the top level. and Derek Chisora fits all those boxes even though he is on a three-ight win streak. Chisora has fought all the big names have come up short. Similar to Wilder, Wilder has that puncher chance. Chisora has the experience and I think is probably uh the better boxer, the better na the better natural fighter is Chisora. Wilder is just a a freak of nature with the power and the size and length and everything else. I love that fight and I actually would would favor Chisora to do something great in that fight. Yeah, man. Not only because of the momentum, but the style. He's a better fighter than Wilder. Wilder is not polished. Wilder has ca came a long way with just raw power and size, that height. I mean, freakishly tall. What is he 67? Something like that. And uh incredible. Probably the hardest puncher outside of Ernie Shavers in the heavyweight division with one punch. You know, Wilder's that bad of a puncher. And it's not enough though because he has no footwork, no conditioning, no upper body movement. He got a late start in boxing and that all catches up to a fighter in the second half of fights. Chisora is a second half fighter. So I love that fight. &gt;&gt; Chisor is not a second half fighter. What are you talking? He's a second half fighter. Have you seen how tired that guy gets? &gt;&gt; Well, look, the condition is because of age. He's 42 years old, MAN. &gt;&gt; I GET IT. CHAZORA MIGHT have been a second half fighter of 10 years ago, but right now he is not a second half fighter. &gt;&gt; Has he been winning decisions? &gt;&gt; Yeah, but what does that make him &gt;&gt; against guys that aren't? &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter, man. He he he knows how to win. and he knows how to take rounds off. He's 42 years old. He's he he he has to look like that. &gt;&gt; He's not a second half fighter. He's a first half fighter who survives the end of a fight. &gt;&gt; Maybe I misspoke, but he knows how to manage the clock, manage time, and manage rounds to get to the end. &gt;&gt; So, three years ago, I would have hated this fight because Deontay Wilder at that point still looked like a real threat at heavyweight and Derrick Chor at that point was looking like a guy that stayed at the fair too long. But since then, you've seen these guys kind of intersect. Like Wilder has gone down, Chisora has gone up a little bit. Now, they're kind of intersecting, it feels like, at exactly the right time. Like, this is not a fight between two heavyweight contenders. Neither one of these guys is a contender for a heavyweight title. They are both, you know, I know officially Chisor is ranked high in the IBF rankings, but neither one of them you would consider a top 10 heavyweight. Um, what they are though are two names who can market that names, sell a bunch of tickets, and maybe put on a decent competitive fight. Like, I don't know what Deontay Wilder has left at the tank. His last fight didn't tell me anything about Wilder. Tasora, he's beaten some like Seale guys, but he's beaten them. He has gone to the decision and beaten a few of these guys. So, right now, it's one of those fights that's probably going to be pretty ugly. is not going to be high level, but it's kind of a coin flip. Like, I don't know who wins that fight. Like, is Chisora strong enough and well conditioned enough to win a decision against Wilder? Wilder hasn't looked good against guys that have tried to box him in the past. Does Deontay Wilder still have that same concussive knockout power? We haven't seen that really since the Tyson Fury fights when he knocked down Fury uh all those times in those three fights. Since then, he's had some knockdowns. Uh, but he's been on a a downward spiral. Uh, so far, &gt;&gt; he still has the Wilder still has the power. He just doesn't have the confidence to set it up. That's that's what happens when you get knocked out. Whenever you're an invincible power puncher and then someone finally stands up to you and and slays you. You know, the bully gets beaten up. The bully doesn't have the same bully mentality. That's what happened with Wilden. Then add age. Add the fact that he he he doesn't want to take chances anymore. This is all this is all what happens to to when someone gets cracked like that. They never become the same. Chisora, on the other hand, he's an older fighter. He's been cracked. He's been knocked out. He's come back. He's had u he's he's had revivals to his career. He knows how to get back up from the canvas and win. Wilder doesn't. And I think that's the difference. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I I think both these guys are deeply flawed at this stage. Uh but it could make for a competitive fight. could make for a fun fight. I think it will sell a ton of tickets over in the UK and Wilder has been frothing for this kind of opportunity. I think it makes some sense if if and look the winner comes out with an opportunity to maybe fight an Usyk. Like we know Chisor has been angling for that rematch against Usyk. He fought him pretty well in what was it? Usyk's second fight at heavyweight. Wilder's looking for that one more big opportunity. This is kind of a good elimination. It's winner or go home for both these guys. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, you said it. Uh, they're both deeply flawed, but I'm going to throw it back to you. Who's more of a deeper thinker as far as a boxer inside? Who's who has a higher fight IQ? Who's more of a thinker? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Do you consider either one of them thinkers &gt;&gt; in the ring &gt;&gt; as a fighter I maybe? Yeah, I'd probably lean that way. Although, I mean, he's kind of like just a bear though. He's rugged. Like, he's coming at you. He wants to wear you down. Remember, go back and watch that first Usyk fight. people that haven't seen it. Like first six rounds, &gt;&gt; Storm might have won like four of them. Like he was fighting well early on. He just ran out of gas and Usyk is just so good and so well conditioned, but you know, his his problem has been conditioning as he's entered this kind of phase of his career. But he's a he's a rugged guy. It's going to make for I think a pretty physical fight. Sloppy, but a pretty physical fight. Um, all right. Canelo Alvarez has not been heard from since he lost that decision to Terence Crawford. Had elbow surgery just this past fall. Uh he is scheduled to return in September in Saudi Arabia. A Riyad season card, Turkey Alashik sponsored card. He was over there making a video with Turkey. It is being buil at Canelo versus the world. &gt;&gt; Presumably Mexico versus the world. &gt;&gt; I was waiting for you to say now it was Mexico versus the world in Riad. Okay. Yes. &gt;&gt; So Canelo Alvarez is coming back. No opponent as of yet. And I think what's going to happen is we're going to see over the next four or five months how the super middleweight division shakes out. You're going to have world title fights. You're probably going to get Hamza Shiraz against Diego Pacheco. Christian Bey is out there with a world title. The IBF belts Glacius. I don't think he's going to be an option for Canelo. Just going to be some people that pick up these belts over these next uh few months. Rosendez, who does he fight? Maybe it's Mongia. I don't know. So Canelo is going to wait and see how the division shakes out in the first half of this year before settling on his opponent for the next half. What do you think of a Canelo return? And canelo get it back? Like can he's no longer a top 10 pound-for-pound guy. Can he get back to that type of level at this stage of his career? &gt;&gt; Uh get back to cracking the top 10 pound? &gt;&gt; Yes, absolutely. seniority alone is going to help him crack the top 10 because he's been so long of a pound-for-pound great that he doesn't have to beat another pound-for-pound great to to get back in there. He's already done that. He's been there, done that, and his name alone, his popularity alone is going to welcome him back. But he has to beat an upandcomer. he has to beat a a Hamza Shiraz or he has to beat um a Diego Pacheco, you know, top super middleweight contenders, young contenders that are are young Lions weight in the wing. Eiglacas, that would be a big step, but I think it's the name over the the the skill that's going to help Canelo get back on track. I would love that fight with him, Billy, and Billy would definitely put him back in the the pound-for-pound list. But at this point, Canelo is an old 35 years old, 68 professional fights, has been boxing since he was 15 years old. He can't fight anymore. So, we're not going to see the pound-for-pound great that Canelo was. The upper body movement, the setting up the power. We're not even seeing knockouts anymore from Canelo because that's what happens with when you start regressing as a fighter. When your legs can't hold you up, you start thinking about the later rounds. You start thinking about crossing the finish line. You start thinking about your your health. When you're young, it's the opposite. You know, you go for the knockouts. You don't care if it goes, you know, the distance. You want to get the knockout. Canelo's in a different uh part of his life and career. We're never going to see the old Canelo. But appreciate the last little the last last little parts of Saul Canelo Alvarez in the end because we appreciate all this with all the greatest fighters with Ali with Sugarway Lander with Roberto Duran. Now we're going to see what Canelo Alvarez because whenever you have a great fighter, they know how to fight great as an older fighter and every great fighter has that one last great win. So I believe in in in Alvarez. I think he can muster it up. I think he can get back to the championship level. Will we ever consider him a top 10 pound-for-pound guy again? Look, I guess if you beat a Shiraz, if you beat Anili, if you beat a Pacheco, those are high level wins and you could probably, and I'm thinking of my own pound-for-pound list, you can probably squeeze into the back end of a pound-for-pound list with one of those types of wins. Look, he's never going to be the Canelo we saw against Daniel Jacobs against Gennady Golovkin. Um, there was a a a stretch probably between 2017 and 20121 where he was either the number one fighter in the world or 1A like Lomachenko, Crawford, whoever you want to put up there on that list, he was right there. That fighter's gone. He's not as evasive defensively. His footwork has gotten more plotting, but he can still beat and would be favored against a lot of the top guys at super middleweight. Look, let's just say Shiraz beats Pacheco. I know Shiraz coming off a big win over Bolanga, but if Shiraz fought Canelo, probably favor Canelo going into that fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, probably he would be the favorite. &gt;&gt; I'd favor Canelo. I feel the same way about Christianely. Like these guys are good fighters, but they're flawed fighters. Christian Bily, great offensive fighter. We saw what Sergey Darvvenenko did against him with basically one arm, you know, that night. Same thing with Shiraz. He had a great performance against Buranga, but Carlos Adamus gave him some problems. Chalk it up to weight, chalk up to whatever, but I I think that exposed that he's not a complete fighter. I'm also not ready, Sergio, to dismiss the possibility that we could get the rematch with Terence Crawford. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh I I don't want to see that rematch unless you want to see that rematch. Canelo comes back and beats one of these guys that we're talking about. If he can do it in exciting fashion and dominant fashion, doesn't have to be a knockout, but in that old that old Canelo, just flashes of the old Canelo, then yes, I would want then I'm in the rematch right now. What is the We We've had this argument &gt;&gt; that would because then that would be a money grab. We all seen what happened the first time. &gt;&gt; It's not like he got the doors blown off him the first time. He lost clean. He lost a competitive decision. We have seen rematches made for less. Yes, we have. Uh I just don't think this time the fans will buy it unless Canelo comes back and and really uh reminds people of what he can do. If he can do that, then you can actually try to sell that. But for right now, I don't even want to mention Crawford because we don't know what Canelo we're going to see in our next fight. So, let him let him get past his next fight because if he &gt;&gt; I'm just saying he still looks old. Canelo I mean Crawford's not going to fight him. Forget Canelo fighting Crawford. Crawford's not even going to fight. But I'm just saying it's a long time till September and there's a lot that could happen between now and September. Crawford could decide after a few months on vacation that he still has the itch that there's still some gas in the tank and the money could be in especially if they're going to fight over in Saudi Arabia. Like if you're going to bring Canelo Crawford to Riad, that's the kind of event that I would imagine the Saudis would want to invest in. That's a huge boxing event. Put it on Netflix, do it on pay-per-view. It would still do a huge number. still do a huge number. &gt;&gt; I think you just quoted Earth, Wind, and Fire right now with the September line. I don't know why. That's how my mind works. Do you remember? &gt;&gt; It's a strange line. All right. As I mentioned, we are headed to Las Vegas uh this weekend to see the 135B title fight between Andy Cruz and Raymond Moritayia. That fight live on his own. Andy Cruz just six fights into his pro career, but the odds makers have made him a favorite against Raymond Morata. He's got 20 plus fights on his resume. Sergio, this to me is the fight between like the lunch pale guy who's had to earn this opportunity versus the young star, and Andy Cruz isn't that young, but the young shooting star who's got all the hardware, the gold medals, the world championships, the international championships, who is expected to do big, big things, made the favorite going into this fight. Uh, what do you think? Is this the kind of fight? Do you would you make Andy Cruz a favorite in this fight as well? &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh because he's more polished and um if you watch both of them box, I mean, look, Murataya is special and believe me, I I wasn't really all in in tune. I I wasn't really Raymond Murataya uh uh fan because I haven't really watched them. He hasn't been on the big stages. He hasn't been, you know, televised as much. I had to research him. He's the goods. Raymond Murata is the goods. I love his technique. I love his fight IQ. He has Robert Garcia in his corner. He throws great combinations. He knows how to lead you into punches. I love when fighters do that because he's not just throwing punches to try to wear down a fighter. Murata is smart. So, not only is he a power puncher, but he he he knows how to it's like a radar. His right hand's like a radar. And wherever your head goes, he's not going to punch where your head's at. He's going to make you duck your head to the certain position where he's going to punch you at. That's what Murathaya brings to the table. Cruz on the other hand, he has reflexes. He has radar as well, but he brings a different level of experience, a different level of polish uh polishness, a a different level of of of brilliant boxing man. And and it's not just the footwork, it's not just his punch selection, but it's also the fact that he can switch styles. He's excellent at range. He gets great angles. &gt;&gt; And I always come down to this. When I'm studying Raymond Murataya, he had his hands full with Tevin Farmer. Devin Farmer is a lot shorter, a lot he had less of a reach than uh &gt;&gt; so did Williams beta though. &gt;&gt; I just think look if if Farmer gave issues an older farmer in his 30s, you know, gave issues late 30s gave issues to Murata. Can you imagine a guy with only half a dozen fights in his in his what 31 years old? Andy Cruz is in his prime of his career and he has that same they're they're cut cut from the same same uh boxing cloth. So I think he gives him a lot of issues and Murataya he's going to have to show his greatness. &gt;&gt; I think Moritaya has to make this a fight. I think if it becomes a clinical boxing match he's going to lose. Andy Cruz is one of the best pound-for-pound boxers in the world today. Like even though he's only got six fights, his history, Olympic gold medal, he's got multiple wins over Elvis Rodriguez. He's got multiple wins over Keshan Davis. Beat Keshan Davis in the 2020 Olympics. He is the real deal. We know that. And I think the way he's matured as a pro under Boose Enis has not only helped him become a better fighter, but helped him become a more marketable guy. He didn't come into the pros trying to be like GMO Regenda. Like he could he could easily outbox everybody, but working in Philly, working in camp with Bootsenis, working under Booseennis, he has embraced that pro style. Like he's looking to hurt you when he's in the ring. To me, Raymond Moritayia is going to try to bring that out of him. Raymond Moritai has to try to make this kind of a firefight because if it breaks down to just a fight on the outside, a boxing match, one that doesn't have a lot of action, this is the kind of fight I think Andy Cruz could run away with very quickly. Moritaya has got to make it physical. He's got to get on the inside. He's got to throw body shots. He has got to show Andy Cruz things that he has not seen as a professional because if you're just going to try to outbox the guy, you are going to lose. I'm telling you, there is a a world where this fight's like 93 102 Andy Cruz. Not to say that's going to happen because I agree with everything you said. Merai is good. He's got a great trainer and Robert Garcia. But if they don't come in with the right game plan, Andy Cruz has the potential to run away with this. If if the thing about the Cuban style, if they if if Andy Cruz would have stayed in Cuba or maybe even just, you know, fled to Florida, he's he would have maintained that Cuban style because he would have been again training around Cuban boxers, around Cuban trainers, and his temperament wouldn't have changed. But he was forced to change because of because of coach Andis. He was forced to change because he's training in Philadelphia and the style is different. So he he became he evolved from that Cuban style which he can always fall back on and that's the reason he has more layers. He can fall back to the Cuban style if he gets rocked by a punch or if he if he needs to just you know win the last couple rounds boxing. But he also learned to fight in Philly. He also learned the Philly the Philly style of sparring the Philly mentality. And that's what that that's a perfect hybrid of styles for boxer puncher. That's the reason Cruz has been more of a puncher uh as than a boxer lately. And he's been believing and and relying on that right-hand power now. And he's been knocking dudes out. So, because of that, Mutai is going to feel that power. He's going to feel that range. It's going to be hard to hit Andy Cruz. I really like Mudai. I think he will have a future. He will he will do something interesting in this fight, but he's the odds are against him. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? Look, sometimes it's not infrequent, but sometimes you have these stellar amateurs that rocket to world championship level without going through the the the paces that other fighters have to go to. Lomachenko did it couple of fights, fought for a world title. Uh we saw MJ Madalv inside 10 fights, became the unified champion. You see that sometimes. Um, Moritaya has climbed the rungs in the ladder. He has fought for the regional belts. He has fought in the eliminators. He has fought for the interim title against Zhao Rab Julia in his last fight. Like, is there a world that you can see Andy Cruz not being ready for this? Like, Mai has been saying that. He's like, Andy Cruz, good fighter, probably going to win a world championship, but I'm going to win because my experience is going to win the day. Yeah, of course there's a there there's always a chance because you never know what you have with with Cuban fighters, Puerto Rican fighters, and for many reasons. Uh because when they come to the States, especially Cuban fighters, their discipline starts to fill them because all the things they couldn't have in Cuba all of a sudden get, you know, presented to them. Um, no, I'm serious. &gt;&gt; I I know what you're saying. And it goes and it goes all the way back to I remember I remember reading about u Bonitez, you know, the youngest Puerto Rican champion at 17 years old, but he had bad habits. I think Customado would would talk about his how bad his habits were. Uh and a lot of these fighters have these bad habits. If he can hold that u and maintain that discipline, Andy Cruz is going to be a champion hands down. He's that special. He's going to do it under 10 fights. But um he ha he has to show another gear. He can't just do it boxing or he can't just do it fighting. I've seen a little bit of both with him and that's why I'm favoring him in this fight. And Murataya is going to have his hands full and I I could see him giving I can see him rocking and getting the the respect of Cruz where Cruz can go on the back foot and then that's where Murai is going to have to put on another physical gear and this this is the type of fight he can win a physical fight in the second half. But if the first half of the fight is all boxing, the second half of the fight is going to be even easier for Cruz. &gt;&gt; Andy Cruz can be hurt. Antonio Moran, Antonio Moran clipped him, hurt him in their fight. I think Raymond Mortay has got to watch that. Watch some of the other guys that have had a degree of success against Cruz and go to school and all that because if it turns into just a straight boxing match, it's going to be a lopsided win for Andy Cruz. Um, also this weekend in Vegas, we have the debut of Zufa Boxing. Zufa Boxing. The Dana Whitehelmed Enterprise is going to begin with what is a relatively inospicious start. You've got Callum Walsh, the 154 pound contender, going up against Carlos Okampo. This is the kind of fight, Sergio, that we see all the time in boxing. You have a young upandcomer guy on the cusp of a world title shot in Callum Walsh going up against Okampo who's got this great record, but every time he steps up, he gets beat. And most of the time he gets beat badly. He's been knocked out in the first round twice. Once by Errol Spence at welterweight, once by Tim Zoo at junior middleweight, now he's going up against Callum Walsh. There is no doubt in my mind that this ends with Callum Walsh starching Carlos Aampo. But there's a lot invested in Zufa with Callum Walsh. They're out there signing guys. They signed Gia. We talked about it. I'm telling you, they're hunting some big names. Zufa is making some offers out there. Zufa is going for some big names in in boxing. But &gt;&gt; that's what they needed to do. I told you. Where's the red carpet? But I'm telling I'm telling you'd be surprised to know some of the names that they're they're taking a run at. &gt;&gt; Give me Come on. Give me. &gt;&gt; I can't do it right now. I'll get to it. I'll get to poundfor-pound names. Um &gt;&gt; Benovitz. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm not going to tell you. &gt;&gt; Just go down the list. Yes. Make make list. So I was reported. I didn't I don't know this, but I it was reported that Zufa met with Usyk. That doesn't surprise me one bit. But that's not the name that I'm talking about. Um Callum Walsh though is the best young fighter in their stable trained by Freddy Roach. He's got great Irish background, tough guy, some good knockouts, brought along well by Tom Laughler up until this point. Uh there's a belief within Zufa that Callum Walsh can be kind of a homegrown star. Do you see star power in Callum Walsh? &gt;&gt; It's too early to tell. I mean, he passes &gt;&gt; not that early. &gt;&gt; I mean, he's 15 and0, 11 knockouts. I mean, he reminds &gt;&gt; When do you know what is this a compell going to tell you something about Callum Walsh? &gt;&gt; No. If he would have started Fernando Vargas Jr. then I would have said this kid has it. but he didn't, you know. Uh, so he can be knocking out the guys he's supposed to knock out, but then when you ever you have another undefeated guy in front of you that can fight like Vargas Jr., then that's when I mean, he still won that fight uh convincingly, but it wasn't a star- makingaking knockout or performance uh and Okmpo's not going to tell us anything either. So until we get another, you know, undefeated guy that has some knockout uh power, then we can see if he has um the credentials, also if he has a following because I mentioned that he has he's a tall soft power puncher like Andy Lee who became a champion. You know, very popular in Ireland, but he never became a star here in in the States or internationally. So I think that's what we got here right now. But if he starts beating the guys on the top level and knocking them out in impressive fashion, then absolutely he can become something special. He has the youth on his side. He has he has everything on his side. The kid the kid is is a fighter. He wants to go for the knockout. He's not a boxer first. He's a fighter first. And uh let let's keep it real. You know, he's a tall southpaw. He's white and he's Irish. The kid's going to sell if he can fight and put uh uh put put fighters down. If he puts fighters down, then he puts butts in seats and people are gonna want to watch him and pay for him fight. So, it's too early for me to tell, but I like what I see so far. &gt;&gt; I agree that the Fernando Vargas Jr. fight was really unimpressive. Like, he won a clear decision against Vargas, but like I didn't see anything special in that fight. And look, Vargas, &gt;&gt; good pedigree, &gt;&gt; not the good brother, right? like Ameiliano is the the potential star in the family. Uh I I would have loved to have seen Callum go through the gears a little bit more and once he got into the later rounds of that fight, gone for a knockout, picked up a knockout. The stage was just so big. He's the co-main event of Canelo Crawford and he couldn't get the job done with the knockout. That being said, um he is well schooled. He does have a great trainer in Freddy Roach. I've seen him showcase real clubbing power against good C++ level guys. Um I'm with you. I don't think this ampo fight tells us anything. Like I've I've seen Dana talk about like this is he he's Dana is out there talking like every other promoter like ampo been in with some big names. Great record. Yeah. But outside of going 12 with Sebastian Mador which I still have no idea how he did. Um he has not been good at the the highest of level. If Callum Walsh, I I think what Callum Walsh has to do in this fight is knock this guy out inside five rounds. Like, get him out of there. Like, that still won't tell me if Callum can become a star. But if he can do something like what Spence did, if he can do something like uh Tim Zoo did, that at least gets him moving in the right direction because if he goes 10 rounds, I think it's 10 round fight. If he goes 10 rounds with a Kappo, that that's not going to do anything for Cal. Well, look, you say Zoo and I'm now I'm thinking of Kasia Zoo. Look at what how Ricky Hatton became a star by beating and knocking out Costa Zoo and everyone thought he wasn't going to do that. That's when the chance and and and there's only one Ricky Hatton will come out and everyone started singing. They became a star. Then he came across the pond and became a star here in the States. I want to go watch Ricky Hatton in Las Vegas because I wanted to be part of that that that that excitement, you know. So, you need you need a great name on your resume and you need to knock out that great name to become that great name. So, up until Walsh does that, you know, then it's it's going to be up in the air if he can be a potential star, but but so far, yeah, I mean, he has he has a great backing and he has what it takes and he has the power. You know, some guys are are not blessed with power. Callum Walsh is. He's going to be interesting because he's now in this ZUFA pipeline where theoretically they're not going to be fighting for world titles. Now, Callum Walsh is pretty highly rated by some of these sanctioning bodies. He's fourth in the IBF. He is fifth in the WBC and he has I think one of those regional belts and he's ninth in the WBO. So, he is top 10 ranked by three of the four sanctioning bodies. And there are some like if he was outside of this Zufa system and he was able to fight a bunch of guys like there's some really interesting fights for him to to make. I would love to see him in with like a Charles Conwell. I think that is a really good fight. I mean Tim Zoo maybe Tim Zoo signs with Zufa. I don't know but that would be a really good fight for Callum Walsh. Um Sergey Boachuk I know he's coming off that loss to Brandon Adams but that's another name that could be in the mix. I think Boachuk is going to be signed or is signed to um uh to to Zufa. So, you know, this fight I think for Callum Walsh, it's all about getting the job done early. Like a 10- nothing decision. 91 82 that that's not as it's not a loss, but it's it doesn't do anything for his career. He's got to get this guy out of this guy's shown to be chinny at the championship level. He's got to go out there and blast him out. Then hopefully Dana, Tom Laughler, all the people involved with Zufa boxing can find somebody that makes sense for him in the in the next fight this year &gt;&gt; and show some personality. That's another thing. If you want to be a star, you got to talk, man. You got to do the media tours. You got to you got to do something. Look at what Ricky Hatton did. &gt;&gt; Look, I think look, &gt;&gt; you got to bring your personality. &gt;&gt; Callum has done Look, I've been offered Callum a bunch of times and I've talked to him a bunch of times. He's got a good backstory. you know, the whole story of walking into Freddy Roach's gym many, many years ago, training with him, um, building the following he has in Ireland, which is not like certainly not Hatesque in the UK, but he's starting to build a bit of a following. I think he has done a pretty good job so far, but I'm with you. Keep doing it. Keep building on it. Hopefully start getting more knockouts and and maybe you can become the first homegrown Zufa boxing star. &gt;&gt; There you go. And then that's going to be your reputation moving forward. and he has a lot of time to make a lot of money and uh sell a lot of tickets, but he has to get the impressive knockouts. &gt;&gt; By the way, did you see um mention Fernando Vargas Jr., did you see him and his brother brawling in Vegas? &gt;&gt; I did, man. I did. I did. Uh &gt;&gt; it's not a good look, man. I remember I remember both them little kids. Junior once punched me in the groin when I was far [laughter] as sparring his father when he was like three years old. But I've known them kids since they were toddlers and I've known them all their lives, man. And they've always been chippy little fighters. They always want to fight. I always see the little suckers running around the gym punching something. So, it it it it's no surprise that they're doing this in the casino. I just hope that, you know, their father's a great man and he raised some great kids. And uh I just hope I don't see that again, man. Because they're going the the same direction as the Charles, you know, fighting each other. Doesn't work that way. &gt;&gt; That looked like you and Julio in Las Vegas back [laughter] in the day. &gt;&gt; Julio, get the Jeep.