Kind: captions Language: en All right, so let's talk about the reason that we are headed to Las Vegas this weekend. The ring card headlined by Ryan Garcia against Mario Barios. And this is a fascinating fight to me. Mario Barios is the 147 lb champion. Ryan Garcia challenging for 147 pound belt for the second year in a row or second fight in a row, I should say. And to me, Sergio, this is all about what version of Ryan Garcia that we get. Are we going to get the version that looked impressive to say the least against Devin Haney who knocked Deon Haney down three times and looked like someone that could be a real player in whatever division he was fighting in? or are we going to get the guy that kind of sleepwalked through that fight against Roy Romero who looked like he didn't have anything in the tank in that fight? I think that's the big question. So, let me ask that first. What do you have any idea what to expect from Ryan Garcia on Saturday night? &gt;&gt; No, because that impressive victory that you're talking about comes with an asterric. It comes with an asterric because he failed the peed test. He came in overweight. So, we can't give him credit. You just gave Ryan Garcia credit for saying he looked impressive. No, I'm taking that away. He did not look impressive because he did not come in clean. He did not come in on weight and he did not come in responsible. So, he hasn't looked impressive in back-to-back fights. He he lost to Roly Romero and he lost a peed test. Come on, man. He lost the attention of the fans. So, when you ask me what version are we going to get, I'm expecting a confident version because he knows that Ryan Garcia knows that his back's against the wall at 27 years old, never have won a world championship. He's an uncrowned champion. He's going to be be the biggest waste of talent and limelight that I've ever seen if he doesn't win this fight. So, because of all this, I think Ryan Garcia understands where he's at. I think the shenanigans are gone. He knows this is his only opportunity to ever win a world championship. I mean, if you remember, Manx, I said Ryan Garcia will never win a world championship. Well, here it is on a golden platter, you know, with Mario Barios. after Ryan Garcia coming off of one, two, and one in his last four and Barios with back-to-back draws and a title shot is presented. That's privilege, my friend. You better take advantage of that privilege if you're Ryan Garcia. &gt;&gt; I give this to Ryan Garcia. He acknowledges the privilege. I was in camp with him last week and look, he he said to me, he's like, "Yeah, should I be getting this world title shot? I don't know, but what do you want me to do about it?" I was presented with the opportunity and I jumped on it. It's not my fault. Point to ask the WBC why they gave him the world title shot. Um I honestly have no idea what to expect from Ryan. When I was with him last week, it seems like he's got his stuff together, right? Like he seems to be in a much better place mentally than he was over the last year and a half, two years. Um, health-wise, he's talked about treating his body more like a temple, not putting drugs and alcohol into it, going through the things you need to go through to be a great fighter, the physical therapy, the recovery, all the things that he should have been doing earlier in his career. But we got to see it, right? Like we It's one thing to pay lip service to this style of that you're this kind of changed man. It's another thing to actually do it. And look, he he looked awful against Roly Romero. Couldn't pull the trigger. Couldn't let his hands go. You know, respect to Roelly. I thought Roelly had a pretty good game plan coming in. He had the left hand up or was it the right hand up to protect against the left hook the entire fight, which was smart. And he landed the more power shots, getting the knockdown on Ryan the second round. But that was just as much about Ryan Garcia as it was Roly Romero. He couldn't pull the trigger in that fight. Is he going to be able to do it against Mario Barios? That's that's a huge question. One of the things that Ryan did too, which is right in your wheelhouse, is he made another trainer change. He went back to his father, Henry Garcia. Now, Henry has been in Ryan's corner for the entirety of his boxing life. He was his trainer during the amateur days. He trained him for the first 15, 16 pro fights of his career, handed him off Danny Renoso, passed him off to Derek James and Joe Gusen, but he was always there. Like, he was always in the corner. So, it's not like he's coming from the outside. But now here he is as the head trainer in the biggest fight of Ryan Garcia's career. What do you think of that? I think the Bible says it. The prodigal son returns. You know, that's that's what Ryan Garcia is. And he's going back to his dad, the man that got him through the amateurs and the man that got him to 15 and0 as a professional. So, there's comfort there. And ultimately, like I said, his back's against the wall. And probably the only man that still has any kind of confidence in his ability and in his career is his father. Cuz his father's never going to leave his son. No matter what crazy stuff he's done in the past or what crazy stuff he's going to do in the future, that man's always going to be in his corner. So, I think not only have people given up on Ryan Garcia, not only have do people not believe Ryan Garcia, I think his dad has seen him go through the ups and downs. And that's the only man that can get Ryan Garcia out of that out of that darkness, you know, because it's a familiar voice, familiar face, and a man that's never going to leave your corner. And in a world where everyone leaves athletes, especially boxers, once they lose, you know, that man's never left because that's his father. That's blood. So for this fight, initially I thought it was going to be just because of money. You know, Ryan Garcia wanted to save money, you know, put that money into his family, into his father's pocket. It's not that anymore. Now, I've been seeing the interviews that Ryan's been giving. I see the look in his face. I see the things that are coming. Before I didn't believe him because I've heard this song before, but now I now I could see it. He's nervous. Ryan Garcia is nervous about his future and he knows it's do or die this time around. He definitely knows it's do or die and that's something he said to me repeatedly last week that maybe it's not win or go home, but this is another great opportunity to win a world title. &gt;&gt; No, it's not win or go home. It's win or you get foreclosed on. People aren't going to buy your stuff anymore. People aren't going to want to hear your name. You're not going to get this opportunity as a main event anymore. You're not going to get the big fights. You're not going to get the big paydays that he's accustomed to getting. This is it. He does not win this fight. Ryan Garcia, &gt;&gt; I'm not sure where he goes &gt;&gt; after like Dunn is strong. He's 27 years old. &gt;&gt; 27 years old and he'll be finished, man. &gt;&gt; He's not going to be finished. Like, but maybe this puts him on a different path. Maybe he is fighting in the misfits boxing circuit or something to that effect. &gt;&gt; Celebrity boxer. I can get that. Okay, he can make money off of celebrity boxing. He has done in in in a high stakes real professional boxing. That's what I mean. I don't think we'll see him on the biggest stages in our field anymore. &gt;&gt; The Henry Garcia thing is interesting. I like Henry a lot and you got to give Henry credit for helping develop his son from seven, eight years old into a top prospect into a contender. It it's but it's as much pressure on him going to this fight as there is Ryan. like he is taking over at a pivotal moment in Ryan Garcia's career. Like he's got to have a good game plan to beat a fighter like Mario Barios. Mario Barios, and we'll get to this in a moment. Mario Barios, I wouldn't call him an A-level guy, but he's a good solid B-level guy. He has fought some of the better fighters in the weight classes that he has fought in. He has been competitive with a lot of those fighters. didn't win most those fights. Javvante Davis, Keith Thurman, among others, but he does have some quality wins on his resume. Yordis Ugos was a great win for Mario Barios at the time. Um, and he's a good fighter. You You can't just go in there thinking you're going to blitz Mario Barios. Mario Barios has a great jab. He's got a good straight right hand. You've got to have a good game plan. And I'm curious to see what game plan Henry Garcia comes comes up with in this fight and how like how collaborative have they been going into this. I mean, the knock on Ryan over the years been he kind of trains himself and you collaborate with Ryan Garcia. You you this is a fight where you got to have a smart game plan to beat a guy like Barios. And and by the way, you're doing it going up against a coach that knows you as well as any coach in the game. Joe Gusen in the corner of Barios. And I know that Gusen and Barios have both downplayed his presence and downplayed the fact that he's training him for a Ryan Garcia fight. But Sergio, you tell me if I'm wrong. You can't tell me that Joe Goose doesn't know some things. Joe Gusen knows how Ryan fights, knows his strengths, knows his weaknesses, and 100% is training Mario Bario to take advantage of those weaknesses. &gt;&gt; Joe Gusen knows his stuff. Eddie Reoso knows this stuff. Derek James knows this stuff. These are all voices that Ryan Garcia had and didn't listen to. So, what good is a trainer with a wealth of knowledge if you're not going to be taking that knowledge and and putting it to use? &gt;&gt; I think he has taken that knowledge. No, he hasn't. &gt;&gt; Sure, he has. Like, I I think &gt;&gt; like what has he moved his feet more? Has he used more upper body movement? Has he been uh smarter defensively? Have he has he bent his knees? Has he What has he done differently? It's still that one punch. It's still that quick jab, quick jab to bait fighters in and then he checks you with that left hook. I haven't seen the right hand be developed. Ryan Garcia doesn't have the right hand. Ryan Garcia reminds me of of his promoter, Oscar De La Hoya, the great Oscar De La Hoya. De La Hoya pretty much was a onehanded fighter. You know, he was a a jab, a 45 degree punch. Probably a better jab than Ryan back. No, no. Great. That jab, 45 degree punch, left hook, but he has zero right hand. He would throw away that right hand just to check you with that left hook. That's exactly what Ryan Garcia is. Only Ryan Garcia hasn't proved to be great like Oscar. Oscar was great in the amateurs from the gold medal all the way as a multi- division world champion in many uh weight divisions. Ryan Garcia can't even conquer one division. So that is not going to be enough. That one arm of his that left hand is not going to be enough. If he doesn't come out throwing that right hand, you know, with some kind of emphasis, if I don't see him bend his knees, making himself smaller, if I don't see perpetual upper body movement, if I don't see him fainting and and throwing more than just one jab to set up that hook, then we got the same one trick pony. We got the same one trick pony that's never going to become a thoroughbread in. &gt;&gt; Do you think it's an advantage though for Joe Genon to be in the train in the corner of Mario Barios? &gt;&gt; A psychological advantage. And uh maybe it can work with a fighter that's had his his psychological issues and Ryan Garcia. But for this fight, since his back is against the wall, I think Ryan Garcia is going to use this as fuel. I think he's going to use this as fuel. And not only is he going to be facing Mario Barios, but is he facing Joe Gusen and he's facing all his critic and haters. This is it for him. And a lot of fighters, including myself, anyone that's ever lost a world title or lost on the big stage and and it has this bitter taste in their mouth to just shut every damn critic. You You're doing it for everybody. And then it's it's kind of like me against the world. It's a great feeling. It's a great feeling when you can actually shut people up. And Ryan Garcia has an opportunity to do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, big opportunity. But he's doing it against a guy that's again pretty good. Mario Barios is a good fighter. And throughout this entire promotion, it feels like Barios has been kind of an afterthought. Like this is the Ryan Garcia show. This is Ryan's chance at redemption. This is Ryan's second opportunity to win a world title. You are a fellow Mexican-American like Mario Barios. Do you think that Barios is being underestimated going into this fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, and he should be underestimated because he was elevated as a champion. He's coming off backto-back draws. He's lost on the biggest stage. He got knocked out by Tank. I mean, what can you say? He's a Bminus fighter and he's a Bminus champion. No hate against Mario Bros. He's been around a long time. An excellent weather champion. He He's He's I respect Mario Bros. But come on, man. When you get elevated as a champion, then you're a tit. You need to beat a champion to become a champion. All right. So, Mario Bios has a lot to prove to me still. And if Mario Bros has any kind of pride, he realizes that he's up against a primadonna that's going to be the aside. That's a slap in the face of a quote unquote champion. Mario Bros needs to prove to himself and his fans as well. Both these fighters need to prove a lot to the promoter and to their fans to prove that they belong on the aside. They belong this big payday. They they they deserve everything that's going to be given to them if they win this fight. So, both of them have a lot to prove. And Mario Burrows, yes, he's being disrespected, but I would be I would be taking that as fuel as well. I'm interested to see what changes Joe Gusen tries to make in Barios. From what I've been hearing, the the the focus has been making Barios more offensive oriented. Barios has had &gt;&gt; of course that's Joe's strategy for everybody. &gt;&gt; Well, this is what I'm saying. Like Barios when he was working with Bob Santos, great jab, fought behind the jab, u and for the most part was defensively responsible. That was sort of his MO under Santos. Is he gonna open up more against Ryan Garcia? If and if he does, like &gt;&gt; this could be a really interesting fight. Like Barios, that jab is good. It's really good. That right hand is really good. We saw him knock down Abel Ramos two fights ago with that right hand. He could hurt you with that right hand, but the speed factor is huge in this fight. Like Ryan is still ultra quick and Barios, he doesn't throw. He throws some pop, but it's not fast. And we've seen Ryan, granted, against lesser opponents, time some of these guys. And when he times them right and can land that left hook, it is the results are just devastating. Matt, I'm very curious to see if we see a more offensive oriented version of Barios. You don't think so? &gt;&gt; No, we don't. Because if I if I see Morios be overaggressive, he's going to get knocked out. It's going to be like Oscar Dwarte when he fought Garcia. Overaggressive. He's in the fight. He was landing some shots. He was actually taking it to Garcia, but then he got clipped. It was a quick little shot. I think it was a a left hook or it must have been a a 45 degree punch, but he got clipped and his legs went and the fight was gone in the blink of an eye. That's how I see this fight going against Mario Bios if Barios comes out guns blazing, which I think he doesn't. &gt;&gt; So, how do you think he's going to fight? &gt;&gt; I think he's I look, &gt;&gt; how would you fight Ryan Garcia? &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, the way I would fight a Mario barios doesn't have it in his &gt;&gt; All right. Then if you were training Mario Bars. &gt;&gt; Okay. Then if I was uh training Mario Barios, I would make Ryan Garcia come to me. I will be throwing a lot of jabs to the to the to the body. I would trying to bend Ryan Garcia in half. Even though Mario Barios is a tall fighter at six foot, which is going to be a rarity because Ryan Garcia is a tall fighter almost 5'11. So he's going to be taller. He's &gt;&gt; You see Barios kind of like had those big shoes on at the press conference. He was like towering over Ryan like wow bar is pretty tall that Ryan was quick to say like look at his shoes. He had some of those those boots on. &gt;&gt; I I I never I never look at a man's shoes, man. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm just saying the height. &gt;&gt; No, no, he's he's a tall fighter. I've sized him up in person. I mean, Mario Bars is a tall big strong fighter. Big old head, too, man. But that makes a big target. Uh so, if I don't see him bending down in half, I don't see him using his jab, I don't see him being on the back foot, I don't see upper body movement, Mario is going to get caught in exchanges and probably stopped. But if he can come in with a game plan, make this fight uh on his terms, not exchange with Garcia, and and that that lead hand, that jab's gonna be the main weapon, and of course, stay on the phone the entire time. You mentioned it against Ryan Garcia, you got to keep that damn hand up. You got to keep that damn hand right there, blocking the right side of your face like you're talking, you know, you're talking on the phone the entire the entire time. That's what Roley did. That better be his strategy or else he will get clipped and uh it's going to be an like that. It's going to be lightning quick if if if Mario Bar doesn't do that. &gt;&gt; Can he win the fight with that right hand up all time? Like he's got to throw that right hand at some point. &gt;&gt; Look, you are who you are. He's coming off two draws for a reason cuz he doesn't he doesn't have that extra. &gt;&gt; He just looks slow against Pacquiao. He looks slow against Ramos. Like I think he's a solid guy. I really do. And and I've I give him respect for all the guys he fought between 135 and 147. But I think after this fight, if it turns out Ryan Garcia wins, we're going to be talking about the speed advantage being a differencemaker in this fight because he just he kind of leaves those hands out there when he throws. And that's where Ryan can be the most devastating. &gt;&gt; You hear it all the time, speed kills in boxing. But you know what else kills fighters? Bad technique. And Ryan Garcia has both of those. &gt;&gt; I agree. That's why I think this fight's so interesting going into