Kind: captions Language: en Over in London on Saturday, London town, you've got Derek Chisora against Deontay Wilder, Dot Wilder, two 40some heavyweights meeting for the first time. This was a fight that was discussed many years ago when Wilder was a champion. Chisora was a little bit younger. Now, here they are in the twilight of their respective careers. Derek Chisora says this will be his final fight. Deontay Wilder's not said as much, but it's a tough fight to come back from if you lose to Chisora. So, we could be looking at the end of their respective careers. The odds are kind of all over the place. They're they're pretty close overall. Uh, but Derek Dora is the favorite according to most of the oddsmakers. Do you buy that? Do you think Jorah should be the favorite against Deontay Wilder? &gt;&gt; Chesora is the favorite, is going to be the favorite. He should be the favorite. And if the odds come down and Wilder becomes an even money, then bet the house on Derek Chisora. I can't rely on a guy that's been knocked out as many times as as Deontay Wilder. Four out of his last six fights. He got knocked out three times. And not just brutally not just beaten Exactly. Not just beaten up and knocked out in two or three rounds. No, he got beaten up throughout the entire fight. &gt;&gt; It's hard to come back from that. Uh it's hard to hard to come back from embarrassment uh physical fights. Uh and especially when you're 40 years old like Deontay Wilder. I think if you look at both their resumes, Chesora has a better resume. He's fought the better fighters. He's he's he's actually learned. He's on a three-fight win string. So, he has momentum and I think he fights &gt;&gt; better at this stage of their career as the 40 year old fighter, 40 plus in Chesora. So, add the momentum, add the experience, add the fact that he doesn't get knocked out as bad and beat up as bad as Deontay Wilder does. And the fact that Chesora, this is his swan song. He has he has a little bit more to to to give his fans and it's going to be across the pond against a former champion, one of the biggest punchers in boxing history. That right there just gets his juices flowing and that's gonna get him ready for this fight and it's going to be a hell of a way for Derek War Chisora to say goodbye to this brutal sport because he will win this fight. &gt;&gt; You know, on paper, I understand why Chisora is the favorite. He is coming into this fight with momentum. He is ranked highly by at least one of the sanctioned bodies for a heavyweight title. So, he's fighting better than Deontay Wilder is, who is only coming off that one win over Tyler H. Hearnden, which was a very low-level fight. Only got a need the seventh round to get that knockout there. So, it's not like Wilder has any real momentum coming into this fight. What worries me a little bit about Chisora, and we hear this a lot from some fighters when they have one foot out the door, like Derek Chisora during the buildup to this fight has talked openly about retirement, how he knows it's time, that worries me a little bit. Like when a guy is talking like that, about this being the end, what are you going to get from him in that particular situation? &gt;&gt; I'd rather a guy talk like that than a guy talk like Deontay Wilder on Pierce Morgan. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I mean, Deontay, &gt;&gt; that shows signs of different problems. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; That's what you you should be concerned about. The fact that the Derrick Chesor is already contemplating uh uh uh retirement a after an incredible career. I mean, he's fought some of the greatest fighters in boxing more than once, more than twice sometimes. And he fought what? Fury Fury three times. &gt;&gt; There you go. So, he's fought Usyk, Fury three times, Parker twice, Dillian White twice. &gt;&gt; He falls short against guys that are good on the back foot. defensive type fighters, high high fight IQ type fighters, but against punchers, Derek Shor does well. Wilder is a puncher. He's not a boxer. He couldn't box if his life depended on it. He's tried to box and he looks terrible trying to fight behind Joseph Parker fight was not &gt;&gt; trying to fight behind the jab, trying to fight behind his toes, trying to be a cutie. Deontay Wilder is not that. That's the reason Derek Juror is a favorite. If we get that version of bomb squad Deontay Wilder, he might even get stopped because of his issues that he's having outside the ring, his personal problems, everything that he's the baggage that he's bringing on, it's going to be a lot for him to handle. He's going to be the favorite by decision. But if he keeps ups these these these uh antics that he's doing outside the ring, I think he gets stopped by Chisora. &gt;&gt; I think it's possible. Um, I don't think Jsor is that big a puncher that that Deontay has to be too concerned about that though. Look, like you said, Jay Jang was a bigger puncher, caught him. Tyson Fury knocked him out twice. Like these these knockouts have been ugly, man. They have been ugly for Deontay Wilder. And, you know, I I I went back and watched that Tyler Hearnen fight. Like, I didn't see anything special there. He's working with Don House now, like new trainer. &gt;&gt; Oh, add add that to the list of of terrible things &gt;&gt; kind of thing. Like, you know, there just a lot like &gt;&gt; he says he says win or lose, he's going to keep going. I don't really understand that. He's 40 years old in the twilight of his career. &gt;&gt; I mean, is he fighting for money? Is he fighting for &gt;&gt; That's exactly why. Look at Look at Floyd Mayweather fighting at 50. &gt;&gt; We're going to get to that. We're going to get to that. &gt;&gt; Coming back at 50. Look, anytime a fighter is fighting into his 40s, forget late 30s, in his 40s. He needs money. There's only one way he can make six, seven figures, and that's fighting. That's all he knows all his life. There's nowhere else in the world where he can even make six figures, let alone seven. So, yeah, the only reason Deontay Wilder's fighting at this stage of his career, cuz life, his personal life, kicked him in the ass and now he needs money. He needs money like Floyd Mayweather and so many other greats that have come before them and have squandered their money. I think it's gonna be a really ugly fight, too. Like Jazora's talked about being in Wilder's chest all fight long. And that's typical Derek Jorah when that happens. You know, it doesn't give Wilder the kind of room he needs to let go of that right hand. And Chorus, I think it's just going to be ugly. I think it's going to be mucking up. And both these guys are going to get tired. They're both in their 40s. &gt;&gt; Chora fights better tired. He fights. &gt;&gt; You said that before. I don't know if I buy that. Like when Chisora fought Alexander Usyk, he was great in the first six rounds. Then he ran out of gas and couldn't keep up that pace. Like that engine sort of peters out after a while. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But Chisora, when he does get stopped, it's late into fights. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The thing about Wilder, he's been stopped in the middle of a fight. He's been knocked down early in fights and he gets beaten up once he gets knocked out later in fights. Chisora, you know, he's one of these guys that keeps chugging along. He knows how to roll with shots. He knows how to get on the inside. Yes, he mucks it up. Yes, he looks old, but he gets past the finish line. And that's the reason at 42 years old, we're still talking about Derek Chisora because he knows how to fight. He's a throwback old school fighter. Think Ken Norton. That's Chisora. Think think one of those those those old school bluecollar guys that that just that just know how to how to compete with anybody young, middle, or old. They know how to fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he knows how to fight. He's been doing it for now 50 professional fights going into this one. &gt;&gt; Uh I think it's going to be ugly. I like to sort by decision. I think Wilder makes it to the finish line, but I think Chisora wins one of those ugly 116 112 types of decisions at the end of it. &gt;&gt; Not if Chisora finishes around the stomach. Like if he catches Wilder and finishes him in the stomach, maybe not, you know, with a right hand right to the gut. &gt;&gt; I I get it. Yeah, I get it. Good one. That was good. All right.