Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. Wild, freakishly enticing former long reigning world heavyweight champion. It's the bronze bomber Deontay Wilder. The eccentric, unpredictable, thrilling, dedicated, mustwatch drama when Derek Chisora comes into battle. &gt;&gt; And now Wild's hurt AT THE END OF THE FOURTH ROUND. &gt;&gt; They almost want to get in THERE AND FIGHT FOR A HUGE RIGHT HAND FROM CHISORA. And Wilder COMES BACK WITH ONE OF HIS OWN. AND NOW CHISORA'S HURT. &gt;&gt; THE BRONZE BOMBER. DEONTAY WILDER. WOW. UH, that was very, very wild indeed. That was um a crazy 12 rounds. Welcome to Beyond the Bell, Carl Frampton, Fabia Wardy, Malik Scott. Malik, you still got your voice? &gt;&gt; Uh, I think so. &gt;&gt; Malik's voice. Malik and Tony Bennett were competing there. That was fantastic uh to watch. Um are we all happy with the winner very quickly, Carl? &gt;&gt; I think so. I I I mean I'm not surprised that the scorecards are all over the place to be honest. It was so hard to score the rounds, but I I thought that Dante done enough to win the fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Chisora went, sorry, Chazora Wilder winning it by split decision. Fabio. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think same for me. I think not too heavy one way or the other. Again, a very hard fight to score because there wasn't really any really boxing going on. It was a fight. Um, so there was a lot of kind of just what you liked. But again, I think it did a service to both the men in there who put who put themselves on the line. Not to make it too big, too wide, but yeah, at the end of the day, I do think the right man won. &gt;&gt; Malik, &gt;&gt; silly question to you, Malik. &gt;&gt; I'm so happy for right now. You already know, bro. I'm going horse, but I'm happy he got it done. They went to war. I'm proud of Derek. Um, he have nothing, you know, what he did in this place on so many different occasions. how many people he made feel good, how he made people screams over the years. He's a true warrior, but Deontay got the job done today. Bomb squad, baby. All right, let's have a look at uh at the fight. It's very difficult to to try and find the best moments of each round, but we've kind of put it together during that break and um you always felt like Wilder was trying to land that right hand as he were and Chazora was trying to get underneath that right hand. Wilder landed some uppercuts as well, Carl. &gt;&gt; He was trying to throw the uppercut quite a lot by way. fallen short with Jesus's trainer running in &gt;&gt; and the trainer. I mean, he could have been disqualified. &gt;&gt; That could have been a disqualification. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he could a different referee might have disqualified him for that. But look, it was just a really dirty fight. This is one thing I want to talk about. It's something we people forget. Deontay Wilder has a chin, by the way. He he took some some big shots there and &gt;&gt; none of them really phased him that much if I'm being honest. And obviously, we've seen the fights with Fury, but it's something he doesn't get credit for, but he has a chin and a half, I think. What what did you make of of this Chazor went through the ropes I think three times in that fight? I was surprised that two of them were scored as knockdowns, but they were. Is it a push from Wilder there, Malik, or is it a case of Chazor's legs going through because of a punch? &gt;&gt; Well, one of them was a punch and one of them what I what I love to call physical boxing. Like you in here on your own. This is a very malicious sport. If you could push your man, push him. Because if that wasn't going on, we all know Derek Chasura is very physical when he box. So Deonte took the initiative and he chose to be physical. &gt;&gt; Fabio, when you're you're watching that and you know I'm in there and I'm trying to ask Wilder what next and I wasn't able to kind of get a name. Are you watching that thinking potentially this could be someone you meet down the line or have you sort of veered away from Wilder? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look my eyes are always heavily focused one on the on &gt;&gt; I hate asking that when you know you got a big fight. &gt;&gt; We very much know where I'm focused right now and where my aim is. is down and ticking off that as a fight and then going past that again testing myself against the best of the division that is Alexander Usyk he does hold on to all the other belts now if again for one other reason that that doesn't materialize it doesn't come around or whichever else then testing myself against some of the best of the the generations the vet the veterans the AJs that we see around here the Tyson Fury the Deontay Wilder yes there may be of course like chuck me in like I'm not I'd never say no to a fight like that that is a fight that's your type of fight. That's my top win all day long. So, uh &gt;&gt; I will say this very quickly that the fan vote as you guys can see 60% want AJ to fight Wilder. 16% said the winner of your fight. So, there's fans there are looking at because there has been some comparison with your power and Wilder's power. Everyone sort of said you are the yip switch Deontay Wilder. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think I'm a few percentages behind him. I think he's up to about 98% KO. I think I'm 95. So, I'm I'm catching him. I'm catching him. I'm on my way. &gt;&gt; You can get there. You can get there. Let's have a look at this, by the way. Uh because this is I mean, Tony Belly and Malik Scott were were crazy ringside and rightly so, right? This is Malik Scott. I mean, it started off slow. This was nice. And then he stood up and Malik's a big boy. And look, look at Belleu next to him as well. I thought you guys might square off for each other. I'm happy that was professional. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, we passionate about our guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, one one screaming for for Chisora, one screaming for Wilder. &gt;&gt; This must be hard for you, though. as well because normally you're able to give those instructions in the corner. &gt;&gt; You're there. You're screaming hoping he hears a bit of you. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And then a couple times I got his attention. Then a couple times he listened to me. I didn't want Deontay to go over top of Derek Chasur hit or not. I wanted him to bring it up the middle and he did it at times and work with Derek Chasur is so tough. It don't matter if you bringing it up the middle, over the top, he's going to take it and come back with his own chop. &gt;&gt; You said Wilder's got a chin. Chazor's got a chin as well because Wilder landed as he leaves there. Wilder landed some really, really big shots. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he did. Big J. But I mean, I was saying that for the fact that I mean, Wilder doesn't get credit for his chin, but we know what Derek's about. We know that he has a chin and a half. He had some big shots tonight. And sometimes went backwards, but and then came forward to swing shots as well. But we know you know what you're going to get with Durk. And I feel for him tonight because it would have been a great way to go out, you know, beating a great fighter in Deontay Wilder. &gt;&gt; He didn't sound like he wanted to go out. It didn't sound like it to be honest. &gt;&gt; He's asking his wife to come in and he's like looking at her like am I allowed one more? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He does need to stop as he does need to stop. I mean this is kind of the perfect time to if we can very quickly sum up what has been his career. Carl and and Fabe, you'll know this more than most. I mean when you lose a few times over here, you're done. For him to have lost now 14 times and the crowd still love him and they're behind him. It's it's incredible, isn't it, that he's been able to keep that fan base rolling behind him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, he's he's unique in and of himself because there's not many a fighter, if any, that I know really, especially in the modern era, of how precious your O is in terms of not losing, being able to lose and come back and lose and come back and maintain the fan base and draw people in and your name's on the poster and everyone's buying, everyone's checking in, everyone wants to see you even though if you lost your last fight or or however, because you know, regardless, you're getting value for money with him. So yeah, look, he deserves every cheer in here, every every plauda, every bit of roses down at his feet because for what he has given to boxing, I think for 18 19 years, &gt;&gt; 19 years, &gt;&gt; 2007, his first &gt;&gt; incredible incredible, right? &gt;&gt; It really is. And when you look at who he's fought as well, I mean, you go down the list, I mean, Vitali go, which is is honestly, it's incredible. And that's the table flipping. Um, this was I mean I love the one at the end there against David Haye because of what how that fight started. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You know he glassed me. He glassed me. I'll never forget that. So he's had iconic moments Carl outside the ring iconic moment inside the ring as well. &gt;&gt; He actually smacked Vitali Klitschko and this is not an old Vitali Klitschko. This is when everybody had this little fear of the Klitschko brothers. Chasur has always betted on himself and took chances. That's why these people love him so much. Uh again, fan vote. 70% of the fans are saying that's enough for you know who are the 30 who who are those who who wants him. How dare you? What's wrong with you? &gt;&gt; The 30 is my alter ego. It's the other bit of me. It's the devil on your shoulder that just wants a little bit more because he gives you so much. &gt;&gt; I think that's Derek having friends vote any vote so I can show them on the probably. &gt;&gt; But no, this is the right look. It's probably the right time. Maybe 10 fights. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, it's a dangerous sport. And Durk's got a young family and he's got a a wife that he needs to go and spend some time with and and focus on the things that are most important in life and that certainly isn't boxing and it shouldn't be anymore. So, um, his other priorities and I would suggest that now is the time to call it a day, but be extremely proud of the career that you had. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it has been an incredible career. Tony Belle has been alongside him for big parts of that as well. Um, it's a shame that Don Charles isn't here. Don Charles who was his long-term trainer for a very, very long time. And we just showed the graphic behind all those moments. Don Charles was probably around for 90% of those moments as well. But I know what he's going to do. He's going to go backstage even before the shower. There's going to be five guys waiting &gt;&gt; and I'm hungry. So, I want to quickly wrap this and get a bit of Five Guys as well. Um, as for Deontay Wilder, very quick a name. Who next for Deonte then? What do you think, Malik? Who next for Deontay? Well, the division, pardon my voice, the division right now is stacked, but what is not stacked with is guys from the USA. So, I really believe Deontay could continue to do this. Get who's hot here. And you know, if I could have it my way, I would have him go against the other hardest puncher in the heavyweight divisions. That's a real knockout artist. Imagine Deonte and Fabio. Just imagine. We ain't talking about heavy-handed heavyweights. We're talking about knockout artists. And they power, both of their power go from one round to the 12th round. You got a million P's and Q's for both of these guys. I would love to see it just for the fun of it. If it isn't you, Fabio, who next? Yes. &gt;&gt; Uh him him and AJ still really appeals to me. So really circumstantial as well, which is because of where AG is and and now he's coming back into the sport and and Wilder now coming off two wins. &gt;&gt; There's Derek. There's Derek. There's Derek saying goodbye. &gt;&gt; Good man, Derek. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; salute to Dellboy himself. Yeah, for me probably AJ would be my top of the list. Um, I think it's a nice one for the pair of them. It's one that's again been played with for years and years and years. So, if we get it later down the line, fine, no worries. But at least we got it. &gt;&gt; Call very quick. &gt;&gt; I think the AJ1 probably makes sense because it was it's been talked about for so long. Um, both are at similar stages of their career. Um, so for me, that one still makes a lot of sense. &gt;&gt; And why the momentum is going, I would say this is some momentum for Deontay. AJ wants to get back in the M. Yeah. Like let him do it now. We all waited not long enough, right? &gt;&gt; Why not? Why not indeed. All right, let's remind you what's coming up next. Remember, this is heavyweight season. It's boxing season on the zone as well. And we have plenty of action for you. And the Fananiel Corins versus Chris Lorente 2 coming up Friday, April 17th. This one in Liverpool, Callum Smith versus Davin Mura. What a fight in the light heavyweight division. And then we go to France for a versus Yoka. That one Saturday, April 25th. And then a man who could be over here soon. was supposed to fight Fabio Wardley. That is Jerome Miller. Takes on Lennia Perro. That one Saturday, April 25th as well. So, a double header for you on April 25th. All right, there you go. Um, it wasn't the fairy tale ending that uh Derek wanted or we wanted or the crowd wanted, but in the end, it was a great performance from Deontay Wilder to show there is still a little bit left in THE BOMB SQUAD. WE'LL see you guys later. Will I ever feel this light again? I'll wake you tomorrow before I leave. This is as long as we go. I know you will be all right. But somehow wherever you are, you know, you will be all right. But somehow wherever you are, still in the cross, still in the crossfire. Still in the crossfire.