Kind: captions Language: en Very exciting moments before Jack Turner comes into battle. Always the WBA International Eight Stone three belt on the line. [music] Both young these guys, Jack Turner and Juan Carlos [music] Martinez Rabina. Look at that. 13 and0 all of those knockouts. Three defeats for the man from Argentina. Right lad expect from you both. You obey me instructions at all times. I tell you to break your ball. Break clean. Defend yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Chop. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Brilliant value for money fighter is Jack Turner. He's in your face. Carries a lot of power with both hands. just loves to get stuck in. &gt;&gt; There have been four knockouts on the record. He's got 10 victories. Body shot from Turner, but will he be able to take the force of the punches from El Terrier? Because they believe he's poundfor the biggest puncher in the UK. &gt;&gt; It's a good opening round this from Jack Turner. Smart behind the jab and he knocks it down. PABINA RIGHT AT THE END OF THE FIRST SESSION AND THERE IS THE SHEER POWER OF JACK TURNER. Very few can take it and it makes him dangerous at every second. &gt;&gt; I mean even the guy that went the distance with it went down twice as well. It's extraordinary. &gt;&gt; Take a few shots here though. Turner again but he's so belief in his power. He's reckless at times, isn't he? Looking for the next generation. We know Nick Ball is already spearheading that. He's up next is Jack Turner. The future. Yeah. Top of the bill here at the M&amp;S Arena. Why not? A nice body shot creep through there for Turner. Nice counter with a right hand. Moment to burst into life and Aena really on the retreat now. Yes, good right hand there from Turner. And the body shot and again he holds. He's going to have to be careful here. Points may start to come off. &gt;&gt; But it took him a while to hold because he just took a step to the right hand side at that right angle. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's taken one off John Leam. He's not messing around. It happened through the second round. And Juan Carlos Martinez, as you said, Barry, he just what can he do really? &gt;&gt; Turner is going to land, isn't he? At some point. &gt;&gt; See, I think you got to try and get in and move around the body. Oh, he's hurt with the right hand there to Nicaraguan again. He's at the back end of the third. He's getting angry there. Jack Turner, he just wants to bite. Only the 31st round of Jack Turner's embriionic professional career. One Carlos Martinez have been slow to get up off his stool. I think he wants out. No more. JACK TURNER with a 14 victory. [cheering] 13 by stoppage. He had Aina down at the end of the first round. I don't think the Nicaraguan ever really recovered, ever really wanted to know. And this guy, El Terrier, is a terrier and he's a danger to anyone worldwide in the super flyweight division. A he's a handful. He really is. He's a monster can at this weight. Carries so much power and he's just beat punched the fight out of Aena there. just didn't want to know whatsoever. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after three completed rounds of boxing, the red corner retires their fighter and our referee in charge, John Laam, accepts their retirement. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout and still WBA International Super Flyweight Champion Jack Eli Hair Turner.