Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to another episode of The Fighter and The Writer. I'm Chris Mannix, he's Sergio Mora. He's the fighter, I'm the writer. On this episode, we are going to talk about the biggest fight in the heavyweight division, Jake Paul against Anthony Joshua happening on Friday night in Miami. Uh, the buzz is picking up this week about Paul against AJ. We're going to talk about everything that has to do with that fight. We're also going to talk about Nonito Donaire coming up just short of another world championship. And uh, Tim Tszyu starting his comeback over in Australia. But Sergio, we got to start with the biggest news of the week. And that is the breaking story that Terence Crawford is retiring from boxing. Five-division world champion, reigning unified super middleweight champion. He is calling it a career at 38 years of age. Crawford announced his retirement on Tuesday saying in a video posted on his YouTube page, quote, "I've made peace with what's next. Now it's time." Here is a little bit more from that video. Every fighter know this moment will come. We just never know when. I spent my whole life chasing something. Not [music] belts, not money, not headlines, but that feeling, [music] the one you get when the world doubts you, but you keep showing up, and you keep [music] proving to everyone wrong. Unbelievable performance. This sport gave me everything. [music] I fought for my family. I fought for my city. I fought for the kid I used [music] to be, the one who had nothing but a dream and a pair of gloves. And I did it all my way. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; It cannot be overstated how sensational Terence Crawford is. I gave this [music] sport every breath I had. Every scar, every triumph. Terence "Bud" Crawford is the pound-for-pound king. Every ounce of my heart. The fighting pride of Omaha, Nebraska, your last and and Ring magazine and undisputed super middleweight champion of the world. And I've made peace [music] with what's next. And now, it's time. Thank you. Sergio, Crawford is undefeated. He is pound-for-pound number one. He is coming off the biggest win of his professional career. And he was in line for some huge paydays in 2026. What do you make of him calling it quits? Well, that was me applauding in the background there, Mannix, because I can't believe he did that. And uh, in one of these Fighter and the Writer episodes, I told you that would be the biggest mic drop for Bud Crawford to walk off into the sunset, you know, after doing everything he just did, becoming undisputed in a third weight division, five-division champion at 38 years old, retiring rich, healthy, and with all his faculties on top of the world. I mean, that's what everyone wants to do in boxing and never does. Bud Crawford just did it. So, that's me saluting and applauding him because it takes so much pride and intelligence, pride swallowing, and intelligence, and a good team around you for a fighter to make that decision. Uh, Floyd Mayweather Floyd Mayweather Jr. is probably the one that put the set the blueprint and and really uh, you know, let everyone know that's the way to go for fighters, you know, retire with a lot of money, forget what the critics say, leave on your terms. And then Andre Ward did it a little younger. Uh, and now the great Bud Crawford did it. Mannix, it's incredible. And and you know, it it it really sets a precedence for fighters moving forward. What do you want to be? Do you want to be that tough guy that's in the Hall of Fame but can't spell your name and doesn't have two cents to rub together, but every every fan's going to want a picture with you, but you're going to be broke? Or do you want to be that rich, smart, undefeated, undisputed, if you're as great as Crawford, going off into the sunset and going straight into the Hall of Fame, but you're going to have critics? I don't know about you, Mannix, I'd rather be the latter. Yeah, I don't think he has critics, either. I think that there Look, I'll just say I speak for myself. I was surprised that he called it quits. Um, in the last couple of months, I know there have been talks about a a next fight for Terence Crawford. And I'll run you through some of the things that I heard. In the immediate aftermath of the Canelo fight, I was told by someone in Crawford's camp that they had made offers to Canelo for the rematch. This was before Canelo had the elbow surgery. Like they were interested in running it back. Huge pile of money um, to run it back. Um, there was an approach to Crawford by Jake Paul's team to step in for Gervonta Davis and fight uh, Jake Paul in December. Crawford declined at the time, but he didn't decline and say never. He said he didn't want to do it in December. Um, I was also told that there were some talks about a Riyadh season event for Terence Crawford in March of next year. And then, the cherry on top, you know, Eddy Reynoso coming out this past week, uh, saying that Canelo wants the rematch against Terence Crawford in September. So, all those things made me believe that fighting was still on the mind of Terence Crawford. Clearly it it is not. Clearly he believes, correctly I might add, that he's accomplished everything he's needed to accomplish. He is not only all the things that we just talked about, the only male fighter to be a three-weight class undisputed champion in the four-belt era. I know it's a mouthful, but doing it at 140, 147, then going all the way to 168, and getting it done against Canelo, there are no critics out there for Terence Crawford. Nobody is saying he has to give Canelo Alvarez a rematch if he doesn't want to fight. Nobody is saying he has to go down to 160 and fight Erislandy Lara. Nobody is saying he has to fight Jaron "Boots" Ennis or Vergil Ortiz or any of the other top names that are out there. He doesn't have to do it. So, I guess I was just surprised because everything I had been hearing leading up to this point was that Canelo was that Crawford was looking at his options for 2026. No, that and it was the money for you as well. The the innate avarice of a Boston boy, you know, always thinking money. Fighters don't do it for money. They do it for belts, but this man already conquered and got every belt you could think of. So, the belts wasn't doing it for him, and the money certainly wasn't doing it for him. It was the fact that he already gave everything that he had. You know, he's been doing this since he was a young kid. All of us has been doing it since we were young, and all we ever thought about was the world knowing our name, uh, becoming a world champion, and making a lot of money where we can take care of our family. Crawford did that and then some. Uh, when when you lose that ability to be able to focus and really train and harness your hunger to go into another camp with that same energy and drive that you had since you were a kid, that's when you know you're not supposed to be boxing. And it takes intelligence. That's why I always say it takes intelligent fighters to know when they have nothing else to give. When you're just fighting for money, you're going to get in trouble, you're going to get hurt. I mean, look at history. You know, the greatest ever do it, Sugar Ray Robinson, retired too late. Muhammad Ali, retired too late. Sugar Ray Leonard, retired too late. Roberto Duran, retired too late. They all got beaten to submission later in their careers. Now, these fighters like I'm talking about, Mayweather Jr., Andre Ward, let's throw Ricardo Lopez in there, too. Let me throw a few more in there for you. I mean, Rocky Marciano retired after knocking out Archie Moore. You want to go all the way back to an undefeated guy. Uh, Lennox Lewis retired after that Klitschko fight. Joe Calzaghe retired undefeated. I mean, it's not unique what Crawford's doing, but it's much rarer than the reverse. All the guys you mentioned that have stayed around too long. Going into a more modern era, the great Roy Jones stayed around way too long. Oscar De La Hoya was retired by Manny Pacquiao. Bernard Hopkins was knocked out of the ring by Joe Smith Jr. Like more often you have those types of situations. So, I always applaud a fighter that retires from boxing and doesn't let boxing retire him. &gt;&gt; No, you you applaud and admire uh, because the average fan like the average person like yourself, the average fan, can't understand how a man that made $50 million in his last fight, probably going to double that if they have the rematch, or close to it. &gt;&gt; have been if he had run it back with Canelo, it would have been a career high payday for him. &gt;&gt; So, And he's made some big paydays &gt;&gt; been Say it would have been 80 million, 90 million, whatever it would have been. That is I mean, unfathomable, if that's the word. I can't imagine fighters making that. I mean, that that's that's insane. Crawford just left that on the table because there's no more hunger left. He did everything he had to do. And he and he has um, and he has he has everything he wants in life. Can you imagine how long that that dollar stretches in in Omaha, Nebraska? I mean, he's going to own He's going to own acres. &gt;&gt; Just I I Look, just to make this just to underscore this point, he does not spend a lot of money. And you're right, living in Omaha Nebraska the way he is, that dollar goes a long way. He's pals with Warren Buffett, so I'm sure his investments are solid. I I He's not going to have to worry. He has generational wealth for it generally, but more so for a guy living in the Midwest. &gt;&gt; two Oracles of Omahas now. It's going to be the great Warren Buffett and the great Terence Crawford uh in different fields, but here's the intelligent part that I like about Crawford. He knew not only that he was near the end because of his age. I mean, you know, he's 38 years old. Uh the money and all that. But the fact that against Madrimov, even though he won the fight, two judges had it 115-113. One judge's scorecard, it could have been a draw. He blemishes his record. Canelo Alvarez, two judges had it 115-113. One of those judges has it different. Blemishes his record. So, he's he's that close to blemishing his record whether it's with a draw or a loss. Whether he got it, deserves it, doesn't matter. He can't say he's leaving the sport undefeated. So, when you're playing with that fire that that close, you got to put all that into perspective. Say, "All right, man. I got away with it once, I can twice. That's it. I'm not going to I'm not going to stick around for a third time. I'm going to call it a career cuz I checked every box I wanted to check off in in in this great career of mine." And I mentioned haters, man. I cuz I mentioned Well, critics I said with with Crawford cuz it goes to show you that even when you have a incredibly perfect career, infallible career, you're still going to have haters. You're still going to have those people in the in in in in in in boxing saying, "Well, who did he beat? &gt;&gt; I ask you Can I ask you this like who And I those guys piss me off. &gt;&gt; But this is this is where you got to To me, this is where you got to separate like people in boxing versus people on Twitter. Like does Crawford have haters on Twitter? Of course he does. Does he have haters in the media? No. Does he have haters in boxing? No. Anybody that knows anything about boxing, even a casual boxing fan, knows that Terence Crawford is an all-time great. Knows that he is one of the great 140s of all time, one of the great 147s, and has the distinction of really climbing three weight classes to be the man at 168 pounds to go undisputed. So, I I just think we have to separate what some dupuses on social media are saying about Terence Crawford and what people that are actually studying the sport, follow the sport, know the sport are saying about Bud Crawford. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. So, then why did it take him so long to get the biggest fights of his career? He was in his mid-30s when he finally got these opportunities. &gt;&gt; No, we know he Al Haymon. He was on the other side of the street. Like Errol Spence was on the right side of the street. &gt;&gt; so you can't call that a way of hating. That's strategic. Like strategic hating. It's not hating at all, though. Terence Crawford wasn't an Al Haymon guy. He was lined up with Top Rank for the formative years of his career. Errol Spence was with Haymon. That's why Errol Spence got Shawn Porter. Errol Spence got Mikey Garcia. Errol Spence got Danny Garcia. Errol Spence got all the big fights and all the big title opportunities because of politics. It happens in other divisions and other with other promoters, but this was a very high-profile example of politically Crawford being on the wrong side of the divide. All right. So, he was on the wrong side of the street and because of that I don't think Al Haymon hated I think Al Haymon has enormous respect for Terence Crawford. &gt;&gt; he does. I mean, he loves boxing. I'm not saying he was hating. I'm saying the the the politics behind it was was hating against Bud Crawford that didn't open a real big opportunity and a real big financial door until he was already in his mid-30s. And by then, yeah, he capitalized. He was able to get the three biggest fights that made the most money and he went off into the sunset. But come on, man. At 34, 35 years old, that's not a fighter's prime. Crawford's just a unique, incredible athlete, but that's not a fighter's prime. Can you imagine if Crawford would have had these opportunities in his late 20s? Can you imagine that? What he was doing to all these other, you know, names and champions knocking them out, you know, he should have been doing it all the all-time greatest level and where everyone was watching. Not on ESPN, not on these smaller undercards. He should have been, you know, doing it a long time ago, but I'm glad I think I think it's it's I Look, you can't say The ESPN stuff is kind of a weird argument. ESPN is a firehose. ESPN is the is a bigger broadcast network than HBO. Like ESPN's big. His problem was the fights. He couldn't get the fights. I would have loved to have seen him face the guys that Errol Spence had faced. Face a Danny Garcia in his prime. Face Shawn Porter in his prime. Like face Errol Spence close from I actually think the outcomes would have been the same. I think he beats Errol Spence at whatever stage of Errol Spence's career. I think that those years It really just comes out of one weight class. Those years at 147 were not as productive as they could have been because of boxing politics. I'm not hating against ESPN. Let me just, you know, go back and, you know, explain what I was talking about. I I mean, I was a main event at on ESPN seven times. I know what reach it has. But whenever you're fighting on HBO, on Showtime, that was where you seen the greatest fighters fight, the biggest names. Everyone was watching those, especially when it was on pay-per-view. Uh ESPN was, you know, more where trickle-down in talent. Um and Crawford was headlining those events until finally he was on the undercards of HBO. And then finally, you know, when the big money came in towards the end of his career, he was able to headline incredible shows where Eminem is performing. You know? That's that's the difference of of scale that I'm talking about. But all in all, he got it. And the fact that he finally got a taste of of this grandeur towards the end of his career and was able to leave it as soon as he got a taste, that's incredible. Fighters do not do that. Fighters, anybody. I I would think the ambition of man won't do it because you're saying, "I worked, you know, 30 years of my life to get to this point, and I'm going to leave all that on the table? I mean, one more fight. I can I can have another generation of family taken care of just with one more fight." But very few do it and and not come back. That's another thing. If they do do it, they always come back. And then they tarnish their legacy or they ruin their career or they have a bad night in the office or or boxing retires them and then it's kind of like, "Why did I do that?" But that's just that's just the the arrogance and and ignorance of of a champion and his mindset. Yeah. Well, so in the aftermath of this announcement, I had some people in boxing texting me going, "Ah, he's not really retired." You know, even this week during the Jake Paul fight week, Jake Paul saying, "He's not really retired." There's some people that believe this is simply a negotiating tactic. That he's retired now, but if the bag gets bigger for a Canelo rematch, he's going to be back. Do you think that this is a real retirement or do you think that we'll see Crawford back in 2026? Does Terence Crawford remind you of Tyson Fury in any way? No. Me, neither. Yeah. Me, neither. Tyson Fury's a showman. He's a carnival barker. He's a promoter. He's a big mouth. Crawford's type of dude is a bad boy that moves in silence and violence like they like to say. I mean, this guy's just he looks at you with a laser stare and it's like, "Nah, I'mma get you and I'mma take everyone else that doubted me. And then once once I do that, that's it. I did what I wanted to do. You're not going to force me out of retirement. You're not going to force me to come back." It reminds you of something the great Naazim Richardson, the trainer, Philadelphia great trainer, once said. It was me, Andre Ward, and Naazim Richardson on the set of Contender 5 when Andre Ward was the host. And I remember uh Andre walked off and then Naazim looked at me and said, "You know why that You know, as much as I admire that kid, as great as he was as a boxer, do you know the reason he won't come back to boxing? Because what made him a great fighter was discipline and intelligence. What's going to keep him retired is intelligence and discipline. It takes discipline to not come back for money. You hear rumblings of Andre Ward saying Anthony Joshua, saying what if, but he's not going to do it. He won't do it cuz he you know, he's he's just that damn great. Only only discipline can get you past the wants and the ambitions and the what ifs. And very few have it. And Andre Ward is one of those guys, you know. I Naazim Richardson called it back then. And I think Naazim Richardson, if he was alive now, would say the same thing about Terence Crawford. So, I The only reason I believe there's a chance that we see Crawford again. You mentioned some of the guys you mentioned there. Ward, for example. Like Ward retired after he beat Kovalev twice. Ward had beaten the boogeyman at 175. At that time, there wasn't like an obvious super payday out there for Andre Ward. There were some good fights that he could make, but there wasn't a super payday. This Canelo rematch is a super payday. Like Lennox Lewis retires after the Klitschko fight. There were There were big fights for Lennox Klitschko Lennox Lewis, but not the super payday that's potentially out there for Terence Crawford. I understand Crawford's got tons of money, never has to worry about it, his kids never have to worry about it. But if there's like a $75 million bag put in front of him, a chance to go at Canelo one more time, a guy that even though it was competitive, you and I both agree, it was a clean win for Terence Crawford. A guy that he beat and closed strong against. I'm going to put like if we're going to go like go like percentage chances, I'm going to say Terrence Crawford is 90% retired with a 10% chance that a big enough bag can get him out of retirement. After that um that video that he put out, what do you call that? Where where you put a bunch of clips of his life? Montage. There you go. &gt;&gt; Great word, Mannix. After Mannix after Bud Crawford put out that montage and really narrated it, it was powerful, man, because it shows his his youth, his teenage years, and ultimately his his adult life. He included thanking and being gracious for all the people that have been in his corner. And that's another thing, man. You know, a lot of fighters once they they go off into the sunset, they forget about all the people that helped them get there. Not Bud Crawford. So, this guy has integrity, man. He has intelligence, discipline, and integrity. And because of all those qualities, man, I I know it's probably 90 I won't say 100% cuz you never know. I'll say 98%, man. I say 98% Terrence Crawford is gone. He's gone and you you know, that if you didn't enjoy the show, you better watch him on YouTube because this was an all-time great that showed us greatness while he was here. And if you were too late to to the party, that's on you, man, because Bud Crawford did something sensational. And now it's now it's in the history books. &gt;&gt; What do you think Crawford does? What's his next move? He's going to he's going to you're still going to hear him in boxing. I mean, he's probably going to bring up the next crop of of greats from Omaha. He's probably going to you know, be a promoter. He's probably going to want to open up gyms for the youth. He's probably going to you're probably going to see him in Wall Street with Warren Buffett. You're probably going to see him you know, do some acting. You know, I could &gt;&gt; Acting? Now, you just you're all over the place now on this stuff. Because that's what what fighters do. Look at Marvin Hagler. You know, &gt;&gt; He's going to move to Italy and uh No. This is a man of many talents, man. I mean, he could be the bad guy. You know, he can be a lot of things. He He is He's He's one of these guys, man, just uber talented. &gt;&gt; Marvin Hagler, by the way, is another guy that kind of retired on top, too. He lost that officially lost that fight to uh Sugar Ray Leonard, but the reason there was no rematch wasn't Sugar Ray Leonard. It was Marvin Hagler that didn't want to do the rematch. I remember Ray, I think you were there for and you've heard the story, I'm sure, but Ray telling me that he was at Caesars Palace months after the fight. &gt;&gt; story. Months after the fight with Hagler and he walks up to Hagler in a ballroom. It was like some kind of event, maybe an award ceremony. Walks up to Hagler and says, "Hey, Marvin, let's do the rematch. You know how much money's on the table for us? Let's do the rematch." And Marvin told him to get a life. Mhm. Told him to get a life and that was the last he heard from Marvin Hagler when he came back. &gt;&gt; Hagler has integrity and all the things that I just mentioned about Bud Crawford. You don't embarrass me in front of people. Remember when Sugar Ray Leonard and Marvin Hagler were in that tux event where where Sugar Ray Leonard got up on stage and he was looking at Marvin Hagler and he was telling the whole crowd, "A rematch with this great man will be one of the biggest fights in boxing history. Unfortunately, it'll never happen. Good night, ladies and gentlemen." Oh my god, that left Marvin seething, you know? So, the pride of that great man was like, "Screw you, pretty boy. All right? I'm I'm selling off into the Italian sunset and I'm forgetting about you, this business, and everyone involved in it. So, even when Sugar Ray Leonard did come back and maybe he was half serious, Marvin wasn't having it." &gt;&gt; he was fully serious about it right there. &gt;&gt; having it. I don't think Bud's having it, man. Bud's not having &gt;&gt; got him 98% retired. I'm going 90. The two of us both think he's probably most likely done. You know, one of the the byproducts of this retirement is that it does set up the super middleweight division to get pretty interesting. Now, you've got uh four belts that are available. Um you've got I'm looking at these rankings. Osleys Iglesias, who's a beast, he's number one in the IBF. He's probably going to get a title. Armando Resendiz is the WBA's interim champion. He's right now negotiating a fight with Edgar Berlanga. So, Edgar Berlanga get a shot at a full title in the first quarter of this year. &gt;&gt; Another big fight. Christian Billi's the interim champ with the WBC. We've heard some stuff about him, Billi and Hamzah Sheeraz potentially fighting for that belt. And we just saw Diego Pacheco, highly ranked by the WBO. He could be in line for a title shot. So, it's we all want to see Bud Crawford active. If you want him to be a champion, keep fighting. But I think, you know, you could get some good fights out of it in the super middleweight division with Bud Crawford um out of the mix. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's time for the new generation. I think Bud Crawford, you know, he's already he's already the the the old great around the block. He's 38, man. You can't you can't question everything he did. So, now it's up to to the new generation. Diego Pacheco didn't really impress anyone this fight last time out and he's on a third straight fight where he hasn't really impressed people and reminded anybody, especially his critics, that he's the future of the super middleweight division. So, Diego has some question marks. This Iglesias Iglesias kid Osleys Iglesias. I I haven't really studied him, but I know that he's this Cuban amateur sensation. I haven't really studied him, so I I I can't really speak on him. But Berlanga, you know what I feel about Berlanga. He'll never win a world championship and I can't believe &gt;&gt; beat Resendiz. And I No, I don't think he beats him, either. I I I I can't believe the incredible success this man is having, but it goes to show you what a big mouth and a big punch will get you in boxing. Um incredible. And a and a great manager in Keith Connolly. Uh but yeah, the door's wide open for anybody at 160 and 168 to be the next, you know, the next one in line to to pick up these belts and try to unify and be the the top dog. All right, so it's a a rare week where we've had some interesting fights during the week. Uh and we had an interesting fight over in Japan, an interesting fight over in Australia. I want to start in Japan where Nonito Donaire lost his bid to become a world champion once again, dropping a split decision to Saeya Tsutsumi in a 118-lb title fight. Sergio Donaire is now one and three in his last four bouts. Didn't look bad against Tsutsumi, split decision, but at 43 years old, uh is this the last we're going to see of Nonito Donaire? I hope so. I hope it is. And I seen Nonito Well, we seen Nonito in a lot of shows. &gt;&gt; He's everywhere. He's omnipresent. Yes, he is. Um and I I I think he will probably still fight on, but then it goes back to what I'm talking about. This is what happens to every legendary great, you know, boxing ends up retiring them. The Tsutsumi fight, I watched it this morning. It was actually a pretty damn good performance by Nonito. Flashes of the old great were there in that first half of the fight, but then once you get to the second half of the fight and those 43-year-old legs aren't what they used to. Then when you have a 29-year-old that's not on your level in talent, but he has the strength, the legs, the stamina, starts pushing you back, treating you like a older fighter, then you saw what happened. He lost a split decision. Um but Nonito Donaire has already proved that he can come back and do great things. I mean, when he almost beat Nonito the monster, you know, in a way, that would have been incredible all-time pound-for-pound greatness of what this man did. He came up short, then he got stopped in the second fight. But then he won some fights. He went on a little winning streak. You can't you can't question a guy like Nonito Donaire, but I can because I've been following this man. I I've known him since he was a teenager, since we're kids in the amateurs. He's always been great. I can't tell him what to do. So, if he still has the hunger in his belly, then let him continue fighting. I hope he doesn't fight because he he came up short with a young champion with no resume. This Tsutsumi guy, I looked at his resume. He hasn't fought anybody. It's a soft resume and he picked up one of these, you know, WBA straps that any title holder can pick up. So, I hope that Nonito Donaire doesn't get this foolish pride brewing inside of him saying, "Well, I lost a split decision. Maybe I can continue fighting." Cuz no, it was just that against that one guy. Tsutsumi was that one guy that you could actually do well against for half a fight. Not against these other killers in in this division. So, I hope it's his last fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was rooting for him to win because if he had won that fight, it could have set up some interesting matchups. I mean, Chocolatito is still out there thinking about getting back in the ring. Juan Francisco Estrada is out there at 118 lb. These are guys that were not in in in each other's orbit during the prime years of their career. Could have made for some really interesting television fights if Donaire had won. Um he didn't look bad enough to make me think he has to retire. He had Tsutsumi buckled, you know, once during that fight. Again, it was a split decision, but the legs aren't what they used to be. The skills aren't what they used to be. He's in a division that's kind of open. Junto Nakatani's not there anymore. So, maybe he circles back and can get a fight in the next 6 months to a year with another champion, but yeah. Because I like Nonito, I wouldn't mind seeing him walk away, either. He's doing it for the money, Mannix. All right? He's doing it for the money more than the than the the belts and the championships and the accolades because he's already in the Hall of Fame as soon as he retires. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right? So, he Let's just get this out of the way. Nonito Donaire is doing it for the money because if you look at his career highest paydays, they haven't touched seven figures, which is which is it's mind-blowing &gt;&gt; made some good money in the World Boxing Super Series. &gt;&gt; payday of Nonito Donaire's career is no more than half a million. &gt;&gt; I know he said that, but I'm not sure if I fully And and he told us that I know. I remember, yeah. &gt;&gt; And I mean, it's it's public record. I'm not saying something that no one should know. Uh And that's a shame because he's given so much. He's fought the absolute best. This guy is an all-time great. Like like I like I say it all the time. Nonito Donaire is your fighters your favorite fighters favorite fighter. Roy Jones Jr. loved Nonito Donaire. And I love Roy Jones Jr. But I know that Nonito's in a weight class in a division that that now can have a lot of money and with the big players that have been coming to boxing now Nonito can make that money that he's always craved. But now at this age he's going to get hurt. So it's all up to Nonito whether he wants to get the rematch with this guy. I think that would be the best bet if he would decide to go have a rematch with Sutini as as fast as possible. And that's maybe how he should come back and pick up a belt and then pick up that mega payday. Whether it's going to be you know, it's going to be a punishing payday after after this Sutini fight, but that's the way it goes man. Every legend dies hard. All right. Tim Tszyu. He's back. Winning a fight over in Australia. Near shut out win over Anthony Velasquez, a Massachusetts based fighter. I know Velasquez from uh back that neck of the woods. His trainer Hector Bermudez. Good record for Velasquez. No resume. Kind of perfect matchmaking for Tim Tszyu in this sense. Tszyu has a new management team. He's working with Pedro Diaz as his trainer. Do you think this is the start of something new for Tim Tszyu uh or at 31 years old is it too late for him to bounce back? It's not something new. He beat a fighter from Massachusetts. What does that say? Nothing. Where are you from? I'm from Massachusetts. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Uh so no, it's his false confidence coming back from Tim Tszyu. I told you the the greatest the greatest fights of his career have been beaten out of him already because they just they they put him through murderers' row of the toughest possible fights you can have and he failed all of them. So you only have a certain amount of those wars in your system and he already went through that system at 31 years old. Can he still beat these guys with good records that haven't fought anybody? Yeah, he can do that. But to come back and beat a Fundora or a Bakram Mutzaliev or anyone else at 154 or Mutzaliev &gt;&gt; to this Mutzaliev Mutzaliev this Bakram fight. I keep getting Bakram's last name wrong. This Bakram fight against Josh Kelly Bakram better knock his block off Sergio because you are just you have been all in on this guy It's just me. It's every It's a lot of former champions. There's a lot of people that know what they're watching. This dude is This dude is scary. He is scary, Chris. &gt;&gt; to see more than just one win over Tim Tszyu. &gt;&gt; you I've seen enough. You You have You have seen You have told me in the past you only watched one of his fights and that was the Tim Tszyu fight. So you've watched three rounds of Bakram. &gt;&gt; Hey man, all I got to do is watch a scary movie once and know it's scary. Okay. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know like Tim Tszyu this was the right guy for him to fight. A guy with no real power, no real resume, and a guy that he could just basically walk &gt;&gt; And it looked good on his record. Looked good on his record. His glossy record. Um when I watched that fight I didn't see anything new from Tim Tszyu. Like I just saw an offensive oriented guy that doesn't move his head a lot. I didn't need to see anything new. All right, well let's get let's break down the &gt;&gt; Tim Tszyu I'm saying. Let's break the X's and O's. I don't I don't need to see anything new. I just want to see the old confidence. I want to see that old right hand and I've seen it. &gt;&gt; movement. You want to see more head movement &gt;&gt; had head movement. &gt;&gt; I know. That's why I want to see something new. You work with Pedro Diaz. Give me some head movement. Time out here, Mannix. Before he got beaten up he never was a head mover. He was always a laser-like right right. He was just like his father, the great Kostya Tszyu. Kostya Tszyu and Tim Tszyu they have timing and accuracy and power, especially with that right hand. They never were defensive wizards. They never had upper body movement. They got hit, but their power always you know was a deciding factor. When they got hit, they hit someone hard and they went down. Uh Tim Tszyu's not going to come back and beat Pernell Whitaker. He's not going to be bouncing on his toes. I don't care if he has a Cuban great trainer in his corner in Pedro Diaz. He's not going to pick up that Cuban style. He is who he is and that's what got him to the top and that's what actually ultimately brought him down. That mindset. So Tim Tszyu looked good this fight against Dominguez. He showed flashes and confidence in that right hand. Velasquez but Velasquez. Sorry, Velasquez. Cuz Dominguez whatever. Irrelevant. Against the Murtazal Murtazaliev but against the Bakrams, against the Fundoras, against the Boots Ennises &gt;&gt; Mutazaliev. Against the Boots Ennises or every everyone else every other killer at 154. I just don't see Tim Tszyu coming back and doing what he used to do because his chin is shot, his resilience is shot, his punch resistance all that is shot because of those beatdowns. And sad to say at 31 years old I just don't see him getting back to the top. I think he needs to rebuild for a while. It's not one fight and I'm back. It's got to be three fights and let's see where we are. I do think there's enough offensive fire power in him to you know to to get back to a high level. Would I like to see him into that fight with Keith Thurman that was talked about for so long? Sure, I think it's a good fight for him. I mean Keith Thurman is small 154 a popular fight. Maybe on the back end of this rebuild you do a fight like that and then you see where we are. See where you are in 2026 when he's 32 years old. See what the landscape looks like. I don't want to see him in right now with a Virgil Ortiz or a Boots Ennis or a another fight with Fundora. But can he get there? Maybe. Like he's still got some pop to his game. But you know the head movement I think is something that's got to get better. Like he you can't just accept that this is who he is. He's got to develop as a fighter. He's got to improve. We spent our last show we talked about Diego Pacheco's need to improve. Footwork, the jab. I need to see head movement from Tim Tszyu. He is such a stationary target with that head in that weight class with those punchers they are going to take it off every time. He's got to get out of the line of fire when he's in the pocket. Diego Pacheco is a 24-year-old contender that hasn't won a world title. He can still mature and develop and get better. You can't do that with an old dog teach new tricks in a Tim Tszyu a former champion who got to this level being the stiff robot strong stiff robot that he was. It just doesn't work that way, Mannix. That's not how boxing works. So I can tell you from this side of the fence that Tim Tszyu is shot or no, he's not shot. He's not shot. He's damaged goods and one more physical fight then he'll be shot. So I just don't see him progressing on the championship level when you're already close to being a a a shot fighter. That's what happens with beatdowns, man. That's what happens. Not only does it damage your confidence, but it damages your whole system. Your whole nervous system is just traumatized, man. And every time you get hit with a big shot or you start going through that fire that that old fire is gone and now it's kind of just survival mode. And that's what happened to Tim Tszyu. As soon as he gets chain chained by one of these top fighters especially on the championship level, you're going to see him take a step back. You're going to see him shell up and be defensive. That's not who we are accustomed to seeing when it comes to Tim Tszyu. All right. I just want to see where he's at in the fall of 2026. Let's get to see him get two more wins on his belt or his belts in the first half of this year. &gt;&gt; you do because then you you want to be proven someone right. &gt;&gt; who is a easy former world champion. &gt;&gt; you it was a mistake a year ago when he when he got beaten down by Fundora and then he got beaten down by Bakram and I told you he was finished. You just want to come back and say that no, he had another he had another chance. I'm glad he fought the best. I'm glad that he didn't you know nitpick. I'm glad that he nonsense. You were wrong. He was wrong. Tim Tszyu's management was wrong. &gt;&gt; wrong. Everyone was wrong. &gt;&gt; I had a bunch of people texting me. I had a bunch of people texting me like the Velasquez fight. People like well finally someone in Tim Tszyu's team made a right decision. Too little too late. They had a right decision. You're probably right, but we'll see what happens in 2026. All right. Let's talk about the big one. Friday night Miami, Florida Cassius Center eight round fight between Jake Paul and Anthony Joshua. One of the most improbable heavyweight fights in boxing history will take place. No title on the line, but there will be a lot of people watching on Netflix. I want to unpack this from a few angles, Sergio. Let's start with AJ. He has faced some criticism from people in the UK, faced some criticism from former fighters. You are a former world champion. You are a former fighter. Do you have a problem with Anthony Joshua taking this fight? When you were talking I just I threw up a little bit in my mouth. That's gross. Um well, it's a gross fight. When you said big event uh Miami and then you said an eight round fight. I'm like no, that's not how it works. Big event is 12 rounds. Big event is Las Vegas. Big event is two champions. But I'll give it to you. It's on Netflix. All right. It It gathered eyeballs. You got to hand it to Jake Paul. Uh Anthony Joshua, I don't mind him taking this fight. I really don't mind him taking this fight because he's already has a He has a fight planned in February. So to squeeze in this little appetizer and get a a lot of money just to beat down this Disney star, I don't mind it. I really don't care. It's easy money. And you see a lot of former champions including myself throwing their hat in the mix. I mean you hear uh uh Bellew &gt;&gt; Tony Bellew &gt;&gt; Call Froch, Tony Bellew, Sergio Mora a lot of guys saying I'll fight that bum. He'll be the easiest money I'll ever make. Can you imagine being a 6'5" 250 lb former heavyweight champion what he's thinking about this Disney star? When Joshua was a world champion in 2016, you know what Jake Paul was doing? He was acting on Disney. Come on, man. You don't You don't fast forward You don't fast forward that fast to fight a behemoth and a former champion and a guy that still can hurt you and Anthony Joshua. You're doing this for the payday. So, I hope you enjoy the blood money, Jake Paul, cuz you're getting annihilated. It's going to be ugly. And then everyone's going to look in the mirror and say like, "Why did we let that happen?" And then the adults in the room are going to be like, "Oh, we got to we got to be better." And then everyone else that got this money and ran, they're not coming back because this is going to be embarrassment to the highest degree. Exactly like when Jake Paul fight fought Mike Tyson. It's going to be that same type of embarrassment. Well, from Anthony Joshua's perspective, it's the easiest money he's ever going to make. Like it's easier money than Francis Ngannou because at least Ngannou we had just seen him go 10 rounds with Tyson Fury. We had just seen him knock down Tyson Fury. So, there was an element of fear in that fight given who Francis Ngannou was at that time. Jake Paul is coming off the biggest win of his professional boxing career, but it was against a blown-up super middleweight who was well past his prime and Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. And he couldn't knock out Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. So, even though I have respect for Jake Paul's rise in boxing and I do have some respect for the power of Jake Paul in that right hand, I cannot envision a scenario where Jake Paul wins this fight. So, if you're Anthony Joshua, really the only risk, the only downside is if you get to the second half of the fight in with Jake Paul. If you're into the fourth, fifth, sixth round, if God forbid you go to a decision, if this fight goes to the final bell, Anthony Joshua should just get the hell out of the ring. Like don't even wait for that final decision. Don't do it because even if your hand is raised in victory, that is not a win. It's not a win. So, I don't have a problem with this for for Anthony Joshua. He's getting paid from what I'm told around $30 million for this fight. That is easy money. He's got to stay in training camp, go into the February fight, and then gear up for that huge showdown against Tyson Fury in the second half of 2026. Um for Jake Paul, why do you think he's doing this? Because Jake Paul has the ability to fight basically anybody for real money. Like the Gervonta Davis fight, which wasn't really an official pro fight, was going to be for big money. Chavez Jr. was for big money. Even some of these low-level fights, the Andre August, the Ryan Bourlands, Jake Paul's paychecks are outsized for that type of fights. Yes, this is probably going to be the biggest payday of Jake Paul's career. Or maybe not, I guess. The Mike Tyson fight probably wound up being the biggest one. But Jake could fight anybody and still make a pile of money. Why do you think Jake is taking this fight? And do you, Sergio, who has dismissed Jake Paul a lot in our time over the years, do you have respect for Jake taking it? Uh let me unpack that. First, why is he taking it? The money. I mean, look, I just talked about Bud Crawford having integrity and intelligence and discipline for not taking the money because he already accomplished everything he wanted to accomplish. Well, on the flip side of that, the embarrassment and the shamelessness of Jake Paul willing to get hurt and knocked out on the biggest stage possible with the eyeballs looking at you for a payday. Payday, as Canelo would like to say. It's all money, man. And Jake Paul is athletic and strong enough to not really get knocked out like Ngannou, all right? So, I don't expect the Francis Ngannou one-punch devastating knockout where it can really seriously hurt Jake Paul. Jake Paul's strong enough to absorb him and put his hands up and get beaten around the ring where they stop the fight on his feet. Or he might get dropped and pummeled down, but he's not knocked out on his feet is what I'm saying. So, for that kind of payday, for that type of incredible money, Jake Paul's laughing at this opportunity saying, "Look, I got in great shape. I I can take a punch. I know how to survive. I know how to avoid the big punch, the one that are going to get you hurt and knocked out. I'll go against Anthony Joshua. Not only that, but he's chinny. I think he's chinny. I think I if I land a good shot, I'm strong enough where I can maybe rock Anthony Joshua. That I don't deny. That I do not deny. So, if there's any kind of sliver of hope, if Jake Paul can land an overhand right to an over-aggressive Anthony Joshua, yes, Jake Paul will wobble this big man and former heavyweight champion. Cuz that's what happens when you learn how to punch. Jake Paul learned how to punch. He didn't learn how to box, but he learned how to punch. So, that that club punch that I like to call, if you learned how to do that and not fall off balance, and you can aim it accurately at a at any fighter, you're going to hurt any fighter. So, I give Jake Paul a puncher's chance if Anthony Joshua gets over-aggressive just like he did against Daniel Dubois. Look, Jake Paul is obviously doing this for the money. Jake Paul has said he loves to make big events. I do think that this delusional confidence that Jake Paul speaks in, I think that's not an act. I think he actually has delusional confidence. &gt;&gt; I don't think that's an act either. I just think he's that ignorant. He's that much of a showman. He's that much of a of a kid to a teenager to a man that has gotten his way on all stages of his life thinking that way. So, why is he going to change now? Even if it's the hurt game, even if it's if it's something that can literally get you hurt for life, he's never been hurt or hurting in life. So, he doesn't know what he's being exposed to. And because of that, everyone that has uh bled in boxing can't wait for this kid to get his head caved in because like you shouldn't belong You don't belong in our sport, Jake Paul, and you're going to be an example of why you shouldn't play boxing. Look, I I think Jake I'll reiterate. I think Jake does belong in boxing. I think Jake brings real value to boxing, not just with his events, but the events he puts on with MVP, the fighters he's putting on the undercard. Like Alicia Baumgardner is getting great exposure on the show. Katie Taylor and Amanda Serrano got great exposure on the last Netflix show. So, there is real value in having Jake Paul in boxing. I just think I've watched all his interviews in the this last couple of weeks. Like one he did where he said like this AJ fight is going to play out just like the fight between AJ and Usyk. He's like comparing his skill set to Usyk who has some of the greatest footwork of any heavyweight in any era. The The delusional confidence is not an act. He actually is going into this fight believing he can win. Now, I think there's only one way this fight can end. Uh well, before we get into that, um we're sitting here calling it a mismatch. And most people in boxing believe it's a mismatch. The odds makers though, Sergio, over at DraftKings, they are not looking at this as as big a mismatch as other people are. Jake Paul in between six and eight to one as an underdog. Now, those are big odds, but you and I have called fights, recent fights, where the odds have been much wider. What This This feels like Jake Paul should be a 20 to one underdog. Why do you think that the odds makers have made it as close as it is? Cuz DraftKings DraftKings, which is our sponsor, uh knows what they're doing. &gt;&gt; so proud of yourself when you like say that. &gt;&gt; I'm finally getting paid by you. So, you know, I'm finally getting paid. They know what they're doing. They know that all the money that they're generating, you know, they they know how to maneuver it one way or another. The reason Jake Paul is a favorite here cuz so much money has been thrown at this and thrown at him and his way. And his ignorant fans are probably putting money on him. Same way that Jake Paul was a favorite against Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. Jr. should have beaten Jake Paul. If Jr. had any kind of of of heart and cojones and any kind of condition, but he didn't. So, they rolled the dice and they won on that one. And he was a overwhelming uh a favorite. For this one, it's a little confusing. It's a little confusing. You know, I'm I don't know the the numbers behind of what this what this fight &gt;&gt; makers are basically saying that Jake Paul has something of a chance. &gt;&gt; There must be so much money being thrown in Jake Paul's direction where the the odds and the odd and the book, you know, they have to even it out and start saying he's not that much of an underdog. Forget what's going to happen in the ring. We're looking at money. We're looking at how much money's being uh bet on Jake Paul, how much money's being bet on Anthony Joshua. That's what they're going off of. It's just basically they're weighing how much money. That's how odds are Some of these odds Thank you for teaching me odds. Some of these odds are just wacky though. Like I saw this morning that Anthony Joshua is minus 450 by knockout. Like that's not a great at any other circumstance, I probably wouldn't touch that bet. But this feels like the only outcome can be an Anthony Joshua knockout. Like minus 450, that's And I I got in trouble for saying this before. That's put your kids' college tuition down. &gt;&gt; I'm betting Jake Paul wins, ladies and gentlemen. Let's put some money on it right now. AJ by knockout at minus 450 is a great number if you're looking for some certainty there cuz I just can't picture Jake Paul going eight three-minute rounds with Anthony Joshua. I can't see it happening. So, I guess it brings it back. Like, what are these oddsmakers thinking? What are they seeing to make you believe that to make them believe that Jake Paul has even a 10% chance of winning? &gt;&gt; Because, Chris Mannix, Jake Paul is a composed and ferocious finisher. &gt;&gt; That he is not. &gt;&gt; Watch this. In your ignorant words. It's all money, man. It's all money. It has nothing to do with what the oddsmakers are seeing and what Anthony Joshua could potentially do to Jake Paul. It's all money. How much money is in the middle of the pot and how many people bid on Jake Paul? Wow, okay. Well, now we got to even out the odds here. Has nothing to do with with skill and will and and anything else. Anthony Joshua should annihilate this kid, this Disney kid. Annihilate him in under two rounds. I would say if you really wanted to and put the pressure on him and even beat beat him into submission while he's, you know, trying to survive with that with with the with the gloves up, he could he's that big, that strong and that much of a fighter. He can beat him into submission and embarrass him. And I hope Anthony Joshua does that. But if he wants to entertain the crowd and and maybe make it a show. &gt;&gt; it. He doesn't sound like a guy looking to entertain the crowd. He looks like a guy looking to take a guy out early and go home with a big paycheck. &gt;&gt; Then maybe he lets him survive one round. You don't let me finish. But if it goes past two rounds, shame on Anthony Joshua and the jokes on us. &gt;&gt; I think that's true. I think if it gets just like we said, if it gets to the second half of the fight, it's a win for Jake Paul regardless of the outcome. So, how does this end? Your your official prediction on Paul Joshua. Anthony Joshua by knockout, but it might go into the third round just because I don't know why. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm just going to say it there. Cuz I'm going to prove myself wrong. If it goes past second two rounds and it will go that I think he gets beaten up. Uh he's not going to try to win and he gets he gets beaten down while he's covering. I think [clears throat] Jake Paul gets beaten to the to his knees while he's covering up, not trying to win. That's another thing. I don't think Jake Paul goes out like Peter McNeeley, you know, just guns blazing knocked out, you know, from the first round. I think he's I don't know. Peter McNeeley went out that way. &gt;&gt; Tries to box, tries to avoid a shot, tries to throw a looping shot here and there. Once he realizes he's in there with a real fighter, then he's just going to cover up like a coward. Well, I I'm I never refer to a guy that gets in the ring with an Anthony Joshua as a coward. I think that's a that's the wrong word to apply to this situation. &gt;&gt; million, any coward will get in the ring, you know, &gt;&gt; I don't know if I agree with that either. Like, it's still is it's still nerve-racking to get into the ring with Anthony Joshua. Look, I'm on the same page as you. I think third round knockout as well. That's what I had down. I mostly because AJ I don't think he's going to come out trying to blitz the guy. Like, AJ even if he knows that Joshua is not on his level, I think he will have a healthy amount of respect for him coming into this fight. And I think he'll treat him like a real fighter early on. I think there'll be some caginess to the first round. I think he'll step on the gas a little in the second round. Maybe he knocks Jake down in the third round. I think he gets him out of there. I'm not sure I'm curious how it happens. Is it a big body shot that maybe saves Jake from the kind of Ngannou-like knockout that we saw a couple of years ago? Is it a grazing shot that Jake takes a knee on and doesn't get up on? Either way, third round knockout is my prediction. Um do you think this will be the last that we'll see of Jake Paul? If he gets knocked out by Anthony Joshua, do you think we see Jake back in the ring? No. Because he was supposed to fight Tank, a lightweight uh champion, and then he decided last minute to fight a former heavyweight champion. So, that &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; that switch from a 5'5" guy to a guy that's 6'6", that goes to show you how crazy he is. All right? So, he's just going to probably say something like this along the lines &gt;&gt; I he'll probably say something like this along the lines of like, "I attempted to do something great when Tank, you know, wussed out of our fight and I fought Which would be true. Yeah. And I wanted to save the show and I wanted to give my fans what they You know, he's going to go on on on on promoter talk there and he's going to be he's he's going to be like a circus act saying, "No, it wasn't me. It was Tank." So, he'll probably end up going back to Tank or end up going to someone else, someone that's not a huge former heavyweight champion. Anyone else that's under 160 that's a professional fighter, former champion level around there, yeah, I could see him coming back. Because right here he just bit off more than he can chew and he did it because his initial plan A didn't pan out. So, he had to he had to improvise with plan B. Yeah, I don't think this is the end for him either way. Is it a bad look if he gets blitzed in 60 seconds in the first round? Yeah, that would probably be the worst-case scenario for Jake Paul. But regardless of the outcome, he can say, "Look, I was training for a lightweight. I had Shakur Stevenson in my camp. I pivoted in a month's on a month's notice and brought guys like Lawrence Okolie and Frank Sanchez and some other top heavyweights into my camp to prepare for a guy that is still arguably the biggest puncher in the heavyweight division. I think there is room for explanation here, room to kind of put it aside and go back to trying to become a cruiserweight. Hell, now that Crawford's retired, what's Canelo going to do? Like, what's the big fight for Canelo Alvarez? Like, it's that's to me, a Canelo fight with Jake Paul is now back on the table. Like, do you think Canelo is looking at the 168-lb division going, "You know what? Diego Pacheco is a good fight for me. How about a rematch with with Edgar Berlanga? How about a fight against Christian Beeli?" Why would Canelo Alvarez want to do that? I think that Jake fights fights Anthony Joshua here. I think a Canelo fight is back in the mix. He has to fight somebody else first, maybe get a win, look look better, but I think a Canelo fight for Jake Paul is still on the table regardless of the outcome of this fight. &gt;&gt; Incredible. Mike Tyson, Chavez Jr., a potential Anthony Joshua fight, and then Canelo Alvarez. That's that's a winner right there. So, no matter how much I talk about Jake Paul as a fighter, as a businessman, as a promoter, and as a troll, you got to salute him. You know what's a great fight to prepare for Canelo Alvarez? An older Mexican. Me. A much older Mexican. And Sergio Mora. I would love it. Anytime, anywhere, I would take your Disney butt to school.