Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's talk about a big cross promotional fight that seems like it's on the cusp of being finalized. And that is Xander Zayas, the unified 154 pound champion, and Jaron "Boots" Ennis, the former unified 147 pound champion. Uh the momentum for this fight is very real. I saw an Instagram post that Zayas put up where he was working on the heavy bag. He wished uh Virgil Ortiz, his favorite prospect, a happy birthday. Just back and forth between those two guys. And as he was working out, what was he wearing? A pair OF BOOTS. PAIR OF BOOTS during his workout. So, he's sending the signals. I saw Eddie Hearn did an did an interview recently, said he was heading back to the US next week for a big announcement on Jaron Ennis. Every indication is that we are close to finalizing a Boots Ennis versus Xander Zayas fight. And I love this fight for all the reasons everybody loves this fight. It is meaningful. It is with the two two of the top guys at 154 pounds. My question is, why do you think that Zayas wants this fight so bad? Xander Zayas has won championships in his last two fights. He won his title last year on the last fight of a Top Rank's ESPN deal, and unified it in January against Abass Baraou. Back-to-back championship fights. When a guy does that, usually you don't begrudge him something a little bit easier, something kind of on the mid-level where you do a title defense. Well, he's defending his titles all right. But he's defending it against arguably the best 154 pounder in the world, against arguably a guy that belongs on top 10 list. And I've reported this many times over. If this fight gets finalized, it's because Xander Zayas pushed over the finish line. Xander Zayas has been the one saying to his promoter, saying to his manager, saying to anybody of any influence that he wants this fight. Xander Zayas is the guy that deserves the most credit for this fight being at the stage that it's at. So, the question I have is why? Why do you think that Zayas is pushing so hard to get this fight over the finish line? Well, I'm going to put it in terms that you can understand because uh you know, there &gt;&gt; Is there really a need to just go backhanded &gt;&gt; No, no, no. This is actually a compliment. &gt;&gt; a need &gt;&gt; This is actually a compliment. Why did you want to Why did you want to attend one of the best I've uh colleges in the world? Bec- Uh good education. Great education, correct? All right, so can education feed your family? You want a great job afterwards. &gt;&gt; Correct. So, what puts you in the position for a great job to make great money? &gt;&gt; Experience. A great education, Mannix. &gt;&gt; I mean I mean they're they're sort of the same thing, right? Experience No, no, no, experience is way costs way more blood than education. &gt;&gt; Experience, I'd argue, not to get too deep in the weeds. Experience is way more important for job search than education. &gt;&gt; Nowadays, but you know, 20 20 years ago when you were wearing glasses and a geek, you would think that that that that college education is a the the the the end of all. It's not. It's an admirable thing, but anything worth knowing cannot be taught. That's Oscar Wilde, by the way. Uh so yeah, it's great to have that Boston College education, but ultimately uh Xander Zayas already got those belts. Now he wants to get paid. To answer your question, he wants money. He realizes that those belts against uh I don't even know these guys' names. Abass Baraou and Perez, these guys aren't champions. They're not names. They're not going to get you the paydays that you want. I mean, I would think that he's making mid-six figures as a champion. &gt;&gt; topped a million for the last fight. &gt;&gt; I would be surprised. &gt;&gt; topped a million, okay, but you he topped a million for the last fight. &gt;&gt; For a 23-year-old kid hitting seven figures, that's incredible. But he wants to touch two, three million dollar paydays. And and with all the money being distributed right now, with all these big players from Saudi to Zuffa to the new DAZN deals and everything else, he he wants in on the money. He wants in on the prize, man, cuz he already got the belts. The belts are great. He's going down in history as a unified champion. Now let's make some championship money that can last me and mine's a lifetime. Uh I think that's definitely true. Uh I'll repeat something I said on the last show, which is I think Xander Zayas sees the end coming for him at 154 pounds. Xander Zayas is a big kid. Uh he has been at 154 pounds since 2021. If you've seen him at these weigh-ins, he sucks himself down. Like he looks rough on these actual these actual weigh-ins. &gt;&gt; Boots are 154. &gt;&gt; but Boots is coming up from what He's coming up though. He's at 154. Like Boots, it's a actually a good example. Boots knew it was done. It was over for him at 147. He needed to go up in weight. I think Xander Zayas is at that point. And if you know you're at that point, the best thing to do in this situation is to cash out with the biggest possible payday. And with respect to the other top fighters that are out there, the Josh Kellys, the Sebastian Fundoras, the biggest payday for Xander Zayas is Boots Ennis because it's probably the most marketable fight that's out there. Puerto Rican fighter versus a black fighter from Philadelphia Mhm. &gt;&gt; doing it presumably in New York City. Um where you are going to draw a mix of those two different fans. You know, I the promotion, you got plenty of time to promote this thing, so you're going to have a chance to do a decent number on pay-per-view. This is the biggest payday available for Xander Zayas. And And I think it's being All this is being fueled by the fact that one fight, two fights, maybe that's it for Xander Zayas at 154. He is going up to 160 pounds. And look, if if he Look, if he wins, he goes up a superstar. Like simple as that. If he Even if he loses though, if he's competitive against Boots Ennis, he does not miss a beat. He will go up to 160 immediately as one of the top names of the middleweight division. And we just saw what the middleweight division LOOKS LIKE. IT SUCKS. It is the WORST DIVISION IN BOXING right now. And if Xander Zayas goes up to 160, all of a sudden, you're looking around going, all right, well, I can go for that WBO title, which will be contested by Denzel Bentley versus somebody, I don't even know. Uh the IBF title is currently vacant. The WBA title has been being held by 40-something-year-old Erislandy Lara. Carlos Adames sitting there with a belt at 160. It is very possible that this time next year we're talking about Xander Zayas as a middleweight champion of the world. So, I think he's looking to collect the biggest paycheck possible. I think he's aware that his time at 154 is limited. That's why he's jumping into the deep end of the pool right now. At 23 years old, and there you know, time's on his side. So, if he loses against a pound-for-pound talent like Boots, there's no there's no knock on him. It's like when Canelo &gt;&gt; he can win? No. It's like [laughter] when It's like when Canelo &gt;&gt; please Can we get some nuance to this, please? Cuz you do this a lot. You did this and you got in trouble You were right with Franchon there when you said that. I was right with Franchon. I was right with Ammo. I was right with a lot of my picks because I know what I'm seeing. Look, experience matters, Mannix. Experience matters, style matters. Now let's let's look at the the good things about Xander. He's He's young, he's eager, he's strong. He does nothing great, but he does everything good. There's no There's nothing I can knock on him. Defensively, technique is sound. Speed is right. Power is damn good. Um body shots, &gt;&gt; the power is his biggest weakness though, especially against a guy like Boots. &gt;&gt; I'm saying great. But he he He He He He &gt;&gt; He He does everything really good, nothing great. That's what I'm saying about Xanders. I can't knock him. I can I can find things wrong with Boots more than I can Xanders. Boots gets hit. He pulls back his hand. He drops his lead hand. Uh he looks uh uh vulnerable at times sometimes when he when he gets in there with with a with a guy with good timing. So, if I was to analyze both these guys and taking out the experience, I'm I'm picking out more flaws in Boots than I am in Xanders. But if I'm actually picking a winner, I'm saying No, well, wait a minute. Even though Boots is defensively flawed, he's a better offensive fighter. I would say he's a better puncher. I think he's a better creative puncher. I think he switches. He knows how to fight from angles. So, aside from the defensive flaws, Boots is a better fighter with more experience, and that's why he's going to be the favorite in this fight. But I love the fact that Xander's is is taking a chance and and doing trying to do something great because when he comes comes up short, it's just going to be to a lack of experience and and chalked up to him being 23 years old. I think he's going to have to do everything he can to outbox Boots Ennis cuz I don't believe he can win a fight against Boots. Um I think the power is on the side of Boots. The punch diversity is on the side of Boots. Uh when you pressure Boots, it tends to go well for him. I think Xander's going to have to be the pure boxer in this matchup, and that's You're not going to outbox outbox Boots. You're You're going to have to box on the back foot. If you are going to have to try to catch him in exchanges. Boots gets hit in exchanges when he fought Karen Chukha- Chukhadzhian? Chukhadzhian? Chukhadzhian. Karen. Karen. Uh he was getting hit in that fight. &gt;&gt; just said five different names. [laughter] Well, I'm looking at you, I'm thinking Karen. Uh I I I just think he gets hit in exchanges, Mannix. And and that can be a flaw. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That can be something where he can get in trouble. So, Xander, if he catches him in exchanges, then then, you know, there can be momentum going his way. Cuz this fight will be momentum, winning rounds, and ultimately not getting too beat up in the first half of the fight where he could finish strong in the end. And that's where youth and uh and size benefits Xander. &gt;&gt; Uh look, I think it's great fight, uh great New York fight, great summertime fight. I hope it gets finalized in these next couple of days.