Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; What about this one? The world super featherweight championship on the line. 3437. Okay guys, here to is good. Okay guys, I give you instruction in the dressing room. They have an match. Okay, good luck. God bless you. Ireland won the three nations, but France win the six nations. The triple crown, but not the six nations for Ireland. 4846 in Paris. France beat England. What a dramatic climax to the rugby. The Irish fighters are celebrating a wonderful night here. And it's not over yet. Fantastic match up which we all loved when it was announced here on the global home of boxing the zone. It's a super story. Two amazing fighters, two really good guys. between them all the way through the build if you like from the center right also the fal there genally statch there's a lovely lovely short hook there from from Jazza Dickens he followed it up with a combination as well just hitting fresh air good moments for Dickens back in the second round of course one of his comfortable and super catching his body down. He say from just a bit more variations. He's changing up the direction of the shots. He's moving nicely to either side moving his head. Not getting greedy. They're getting carried away. Reckless just on the right hand side there wasn't committing to the lead. So good left hook there from Kakashi. Yeah. Got through there with A DECENT SHOT. CLEAR FROM DICK said he got hurt when the temple shot. He got really close. It was combinations. Good job again from the shot and he's targeting the chest. He's dipped into the right. So he's hitting the right area and his bounce to Kachi as well. But he's he's not being destructive by the little movements of kick. It's just invitation isn't he gets in the range then he's strongly good in this modern generation shot left hook beginning of the eighth I'm going to bring in another fabulous lightweight fight and you're very catching corner what are they thinking I think they're telling him the right things they think they're in front but they know Jas Jas Still in that fra to keep going with the job when he catches to the referee head doesn't care. He says let's go over there. He's been very positive this round here. Yeah. Just having to ship A FEW PUNCHES HERE. back end of the night. Is there a twist different scorecard tonight fight was 44 six one way that way. One of the three WBA officials thinking and feeling at ringside deep into this one. This is a tight one. Good movement from Dickens. They can catch him. Back comes in. I think he's going to win here. Jens, he's got to go for it really. Dickens I thought a couple of rounds ago there was signs comes back with a good combination again and if he takes this round Dickens maybe a knock shot there from Dickens intelligent there from two shots three shots one shot all from Dickens still boxing time Jazz it's a a really high intense fight this way a few rounds ago. You can't take your eyes off particularly dramatic but it's just a really good watch of highly skilled boxers there. I think they've gated each other in many ways with the fate of the threat on the verge of becoming a twotime superweight champion of the world. 30 seconds. What's left in the tank? Very very late on tries the body shot. He's been smart because he's just working. Is he enough? For us is the new world champion Jess. And judge Jeppe Cortaron scores it 116 to 113. All for your winner by unanimous decision. And new WBA super featherweight champion of the world, ANTHONY, THE ANTI Apache Kachi. Joyous moments for Anthony Kakache.