Kind: captions Language: en Okay, boys. I've already spoken to you both. You know what I expect. Stay professional, obey my commands, and most of all, protect yourselves at all time. Let's go, boys. Go up, boys. &gt;&gt; The great scout's voice of Mark L. He's a big Liverpool fan. And there's a huge Liverpool support. Blue and red for Joe Mcra. There's a pocket of fans just up to our left who are here for Aaron Hayden, the central area champion. And it's a goodlooking clash this a battle of the unbeatens. WBA continental gold belt thrown in. Can you explain that one? &gt;&gt; I'm not sure if I'm honest. &gt;&gt; I mean it's obviously for ranking purpose. &gt;&gt; I tell you what it looks apart though. That's what all of these belts are, Adam. They're ranking belts. You you climb that governing body's rankings as you say. So although it doesn't sound that impressive, they do actually play a part in boxing. What McGra Darren is really good feet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you know what? He's just demonstrated it there, hasn't he? In and out. Lovely work. Really positive stuff this from Joe McGra. &gt;&gt; He's one of those few fighters who can do those small steps really, really fast so you can get it out really, really quick, but small increments at the time. &gt;&gt; I wonder who he learned that from. &gt;&gt; Eron Hayden switch hitting like his hero. Nasim hammered in and out. and a big smirk as well. But McGra's got through with a couple. He's keeping his composure, bobbing and weaving, centering in this first round. I think it's been a decent start for McGra again. Just on the front foot, getting closer to Hayden. McGra not wasting anything, not taking any silly risks. Hayden looking for the counter, isn't he, Barry? &gt;&gt; I think Hayden needs a flick more with that jab. It'll take a bit of a power away, but it'll be it'll be speedier and harder to read. &gt;&gt; Slashing with the right hand trying to wake up late in the round here. Aaron Hayden. Good work from the trail though. That shin is woringly open of Hayden. A decent scrap at the end of the second. Look at that. They're enjoying it. The fans are hope you are at home. I think it's all uh for Aaron Hayden just to disrupt that come forward motion of Mcgra that &gt;&gt; boxing rhythm. &gt;&gt; Look at McGre's Sorry, Adam. Look at McGre's eyes. He don't He looks at the chest. He doesn't look at the face. &gt;&gt; I used to do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I used to look at the chest. &gt;&gt; I was scared. Is that what you do? &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; You just feel there's more to come from McGra as well. He can certainly up the tempo. Oh, good right hand. That was better though at the end from Hayden. Certainly up the pace here, &gt;&gt; but he's not just landing clean punches and that's the problem for Hayden. He doesn't want these rounds to slip away from him. Central area champion. Remember, it's his title. He's brought his support here from Lanasher. But &gt;&gt; just think he needs to do more. He needs to be more committed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And when he does that, Adam, though, it looks so unnatural. It doesn't look like he's comfortable leading and letting flurryries of shots go. &gt;&gt; That's better. A bit of variation would have worked. Yep. Needs to let those hands go. Aaron Hayden, we've seen it before. Barry was mentioning at a lower level. This the big test for him. He's live on the zone. Second fight of the night. 10 8 big audience. He'll be kicking himself come tomorrow morning. If he doesn't just give it absolutely everything here, Aaron Hayden. Validity. Great word. And uh you're sitting next to another Liverpool fan, Tony and Addie. So there's a few of us around. Joe McGra's got the Everton badge on the back of his shorts. I saw a piece with him on Instagram this week where he was uh talking about all the great players in the past and he's now just trying to up it. The both are here. &gt;&gt; Here we go. &gt;&gt; Here we go. They've got the touch paper, Barry. Mcgre had the better of that. But there was a nice little right hand there from uh from Hayden in that little combination. &gt;&gt; I like that though from Hayden. He needed to do something different, didn't he? &gt;&gt; There's a loud cut though on the right eye. &gt;&gt; Not sure where that happened in and amongst that madness in the first 25 seconds of round number five. But that's not a good cut. Right eye of Aaron Hayden. Didn't need that. The concentration of Mcgrael tonight has been really good against a guy who does a lot of things to distract you and he's kept that focus. &gt;&gt; Tony was saying he's got to go to the body more. There he does maybe loosen up a bit. I think he's been pretty accurate here. Joe McGra very organized Aaron. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has. &gt;&gt; He has on the front foot. He's picked the shots well and I still feel although he's, you know, he's the boss, he's controlling things here, he can still go through the gears. But I look, I've got a lot of respect for Hayden here. He had to try something different. He started the round. He got on the front foot. &gt;&gt; It doesn't look a good cut now, I tell you. &gt;&gt; That's a horrendous cut. It's a really bad one. They're going to have to do a lot of work in a minute and a half, but uh he's going to chip away at that mcgra left hook. And uh Hayden has uh got a huge amount of work to do. Three judges at ringside if that was a head clash. And it does go to the cards. We don't know how they're seeing it, but he's certainly got to really up the tempo again. Let those hands go. The central area champion. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know what? If you're McGra, as brutal and as nasty as it sounds, you just target that cut. You just throw that left hook. Try and worsen it. Bust it up. &gt;&gt; Looks in his corner, Hayden. He needs them. He needs not just the end swell. He needs the Vaseline. He needs everything. THERE'S A BODY FROM JOE MCCRA. 45 ON THE CLOCK AND HE LOOKS ABSOLUTELY SHATTERED FROM THAT SHOT. AARON HAYDEN, IT'S TAKEN IT ALL OUT OF HIM. JOE MCGRA IS THE NEW CENTRAL AREA SUPER BANTAMWEIGHT CHAMPION. THAT WORD VALIDITY. HE'S COME of age tonight at 23. IT'S ONLY A STEPPING STONE, but it's no unlucky 13 for Joe McGra. That was excellent. But Paul Stevenson's got another nugget in his jocus and the control. Someone like Hayden can distract you so much you get out your rhythm. You can lose your shape and make mistakes. And he ignored it all. Just concentrated on where his opponent was, where his feet were, where his hands were. And he went about his work looking at the chest, not looking at the face, trying not trying to be drawn in or anything like that. It was a really good performance and the finish just complemented what the performance was already. It was a lovely shot. Right in the middle of the solar patch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, sickening blow there and just completely took the fight out of Hayden. Bloodied and bruised. Look at that. He threw the right, didn't he, Adam, and he just slipped and through the left to the body. Fantastic shot. And that is how you win your first title. &gt;&gt; Cut him up. I remember Ricky Hatton winning his central area belt with a shot like that. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Mark L reaches the count of 10 at 2 minutes 22 seconds of round number five, declaring your winner by knockout. He's still undefeated. and the new central area and continental WBA gold super bantamweight champion Joe McGra.