Kind: captions Language: en What a start to this huge night. [music] John O Carol. Such an experienced campaigner. Such a peculiar individual that we all love to see him fight in with this undefeated Cole [music] Murphy. Have a good look at Carol. You can't let the rounds get away. Some of the right position here, Murphy. And he's had a little more success in the second round with a couple good right hands. &gt;&gt; This is the the risk. This is the time to find out. And he's doing well here, Murphy. Just Carol, the balance wasn't great. And this is the the risk. This is the time to find out. And he's doing well here. Murphy just Carol. The balance wasn't great. the patient again from he's not too busy at 33 concern for for Murphy is he doesn't move his head up in the air all the time and Donald's kind of throwing them ws but they're landing he's tall and static but he has got good organization and as you said engine can get to train to be done. That was so close when he wants to turn into a dog fight, doesn't he? Cuz he knows he can excel in that area if he can test those legs of Carol who's still lively at this point. And he believes he can go the whole way. Commonw world champion. Can he take the IBO, which is a minor version of a world title? not really the legitimate one like Jazza Diggins is defending later, but it's a it's a great stepping stone into that class. It pushes the conversation of course if there was you just showed me that graphic and said what kind of fight would it be? You'd say it was an offic he's ready. He's all the cautious. &gt;&gt; 30 seconds left in the ninth round. This is &gt;&gt; You know what? If you're going to get close, you're going to exploen so many times without a screen of shot through because the car has been too loose when he's in that danger zone. I think Carol's been clever. He started in that first round with some speed. He's been awkwardly effective. What we've seen is variation. Knowing how to find different shots at different times, knowing how to navigate a 12rounder against an undefeated young play who's good and solid but just doesn't have that knowledge and maybe just caught a little bit in the headlights, which we think he will providing he out the next minute or so. HE'LL BE FACING the winner. might be driving everyone back. They want to get in there with the best and it's a really good back onto the ropes. He's bringing the shots. But what he does, they are wild shots, but he takes his head off the line. &gt;&gt; And we have a split decision. Judge Jean Rudolber Lane scores it 116 to 112 in favor of Palm Murphy. Judge Glenn Feldman scores it 116 to 112 in favor of Jonno Carroll [cheering] and Judge Benois Ducel scores it 117 to for your winner. And now the IBO super featherweight world champion, &gt;&gt; JONNO KING. [cheering] WOW. Split decision win. Jonno Carroll wins it. The IBO super featherweight champion. Split decision. 116112. Either way, then 11711. 116112 is how you score it.