Kind: captions Language: en That's &gt;&gt; okay guys championship super featherweight title. Okay, watch your head. The back of your head. This is the line of the logo. Okay. Now what's the back? Say hands. &gt;&gt; Excellent chief support bitting two hardworking good pros who've got plenty of experience between them. England's Josh Padley and the Frenchman Jaw Beldi. &gt;&gt; Round one. aiming to join past names like Alex Arthur, Joe Cordina, Antto Catche to become the European Nine Stone four champion. Padley with plenty of seasoning and now some confidence and belief part of the matroom stable. But Belenny in fight number 29, he's 123, Barry. He can find his way around a ring at this sort of level. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he can. And he can be quite awkward. I've seen him I've seen him live in Abu Dhabi of all places and he booked really well that night. So he knows his way around the ring but also certainly early in the fight he can be quite vulnerable. I think for Panty trying to make an impression early would be very very advantageous. Big opportunity in this for both. It really is captured the European title really catapults you up the rankings of the governing body. So you're not far away at all from a world title shot. Something really significant. A win a must here for both cross hands there of Pley looking to work the body early of Beldi who was blown away by Gary Kelly. That was the the one really nasty defeat on the record. &gt;&gt; A nice uppercut landing there on the inside for Bel Medi. But I think apart from that shot, Josh P had a very nice sharp stop. &gt;&gt; Looks quite comfortable as well straight away. finding his range quite nice with some of these shots. &gt;&gt; There's a bit more thought in his work. If I go back to that Gary Collie fight again, he was just so reckless, so keen to get stuck in. He walked on to a a lovely left hand, but here a bit more patient, more thought in his work, creeping forward. But yeah, I agree with saying nice sharp start from Padley on the back foot using the jab well, dropping to the body nicely as he does there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, beautifully done there. He landed a right hand about 30 seconds or so ago. Padley too many right in front of him. Those long rangy arms. But he's targeting that body to get the guard down here. Padley. It's good tactics from the Yorkman. &gt;&gt; And I would like a bit more context on what is going on with the under armpit of Beldi. He walked into the ring. It was very red. It looked like it was even maybe seeping blood to me from this angle. You're absolutely right. I don't think any of us have seen that before when he was being announced just under the left arm. There is blood cut or something. Seem to be bothered about it as he tries to land his own body shots. It's good action in this first round of this European title fight. &gt;&gt; It's been a really clever round here from Padley. I mean, except for being on the range of maybe that jab potentially. He's did that little step back and he's jumped into attacks quite effectively certainly with that right hand. &gt;&gt; Good work there as well. What I like Padley's doing, even though he's a short amount of shorter reach, he's edging back and making Bel Medi commit over the space in between them. Fall short a little bit, then he's catching with a counter. I think that was a good opening round from Josh Padley. &gt;&gt; Yeah, in and out. Good boxing from Padley. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Yeah, keep me comfortably. So he descend [music] off. Yeah. Nice and calm. Yeah. All it is keep your sweet nice and cool. Yeah. Your levels will just come. [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Nice and tight. Good shape. Good. Your night time, bro. Yeah. 12 hours. [music] Take time. All right. team padley &gt;&gt; the Doncaster [music] corner. There's Jason Kelly with him. Great southpaw a few years back became a European champion when it looked like he wouldn't &gt;&gt; hit those heights but he had a great Indian summer to his own career. How will his charge do in this European title till it's a vacant belt? &gt;&gt; A good start. &gt;&gt; Really good work there Adam. Sorry. The way he changed the levels there, he kept him nice and sharp. He went back upstairs with a left hook. Intelligent boxing and then moves the feet. It's always important that you think come out of the fence. You don't want to undo the good work you've done by just holding your feet, taking unnecessary shots. &gt;&gt; And there's never beat Matt Chamberlain. It was good footwork jumping into attacks combinations in all the time. &gt;&gt; Just a good left followed by right up. &gt;&gt; The Frenchman. Good work from Paddling. not known as a big puncher. Five knockouts on the slate of seven years as a professional Josh Padley, but he certainly seemed troubled there, Meli. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure Padley noticed it. Definitely definitely stiffened the legs, didn't he, with that left hook, Padley. &gt;&gt; Just the skinny legs were slightly a jaw there of Bel Medi, &gt;&gt; who's younger than Padley at 27. &gt;&gt; That's a good look there from Beldi. And Paddyy dipped a little bit low, but boxes so well here. Padley against his burst of attacks just catching Belmoodi off guard every time. &gt;&gt; And I thought that was an excellent little pivot out of the corner. Took the center of the ring straight away from Josh Padley there. Get backed up a little bit here and caught the the odd shot, but I think he's still boxing very very nice so far. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's one of the best starts to a fight I've seen from Josh Padley. Took time to get going against Reese Botti. That was a close affair. a recent FIGHTER AND JOSIE SHOWS HE CAN BE AS WELL WITH A LEFT HOOK THAT FLAWS BEL and his grasp. Bel is in all sorts of trouble. Has to hold on IN HIS OWN CORNER BUT HE LOOKS LIKE A RARE GOAL AS HE'S BUNDLED TO THE FLOOR. NO KNOCK DOWN BUT INSIDE THE LAST MINUTE of the second and it's panley's there to BE TAKEN THIS EUROPEAN bounce in A BLITZ HERE'S GOT TO FIND STILL PLENTY of time 45 seconds in the legs they're gone this is padley's here can he sustain an attack can he land that one big shot Adam can't create the space to get move here THE CORNER ARE TRYING TO IMPLORE him but the referee's got to take a close look here. Josh Bley is the new European superweight champion in emphatic fashion. A TWO ROUND KNOCKOUT blitz of J Beli and Josh Pley and the beginning of builds on that last minute flight to Riad where he gave his brave effort against Shakur Stevenson. He lost that, BUT HE'S A WINNER TONIGHT and he's a European king. &gt;&gt; And that's how you win a European title. That was class. A very good display. He started the fight so positively, didn't he? Grabbed it by the scruff of the neck. He was sharp with his hands, with his feet. And that was a terrific finish, Sunny. And he caught him with that left hook. And what I was most impressed about that whole fight, he hadn't hurt. And I thought he was very clinical. I don't think he wasted too much. There was times when Bel did a good job enough of just keeping himself tied up, but he was clinical. He was landing most shots that he was throwing. He stayed with him. He kept the pressure on and then the shot come. I think the ref should have stopped it &gt;&gt; when he was when he was not getting hit and stumbling backwards across the ring. His legs were gone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, they were gone. He was all over the place for a while. He was, but I think the referee needed one clean shot. That's what he that's what he was wanting. That's what he was asking for. But it was it was just fantastic. I I mentioned about Chamberlain about how he jumps into attacks. But there he didn't jump into attack, but he sees the gap and he accelerates with that left hook straight away. Shot. &gt;&gt; Sorry Barry. He did it with his head twice. He just tucked down, gone into the pocket, put his head on his chest. He did it the first time, came back, did it the second time, and as Betty [music] now pulled away, he lined up a perfect left hook. But he put down, sorry, he's boxed at world class now, even though in defeat. So that that makes you feel more confident, more controlled. And I think that's what it was tonight, a real controlled display to spray. But even though he he was moving around the ring and he wasn't giving away, he wasn't like being the bully as such, but he always felt I I know what's happening here. &gt;&gt; And you know when you've been in the ring at that top level like you just said, the moment you can be still at a good level, but the moment there's a slight differential and you can feel the difference. You've been there before, it [music] brings up the confidence here. And I think Josh Padley barely put her foot on there. Ladies and gentlemen, referee John Yona calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 2 minutes 35 seconds of round number two, DECLARING YOUR WINNER BY TKO AND the new EVU SUPER FATHERWEIGHT CHAMPION, Josh Pagley.