Kind: captions Language: en And let's take a look at the numbers for these two fighters. Uh both similar in age. Jimenez is of course a left-hander. That's one of the big differences. And Pagan has a both a height and reach advantage which we would expect him to try and use in this fight to keep Jimenez on the outside. Jimenez wants to get inside. Pagan comes in off a ninth round TKO over Malik Montgomery in a hard-fought match in which he performed extremely well. That was in Puerto Rico where he is he of course of Puerto Rican descent. Many family members down there. So that was an important fight as is this one fighting in front of his hometown fans in Grand Rapids, Michigan. For Jimenez, he comes in for unanimous decision win over Israel Lopez over 10 rounds. Only the two losses has had. Oh, big right by Pagan was [cheering] to two undefeated fighters and he's trying to change that around tonight. Pagan's counter right hand is working all night thus far. He's landed about three good times. The last one, the hardest out of all the punches. Um, but you can see the patience. He's waiting for it and he's setting up his shots. &gt;&gt; But Himenez is is taking those right hands. So solid shots when he's sitting down on his shots. Pagan but Jimenez comes right back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's got a really good uppercut, too. It's a It's a good one. &gt;&gt; Watch the way he changes it up. There he goes inside. He heard you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Outside of Jimenez uh you know, just having a tough chin, he also has a great why. you know, he's the oldest of three kids and his family's back in Nicaragua. And he says that, you know, he sends money from all his bouts to his family. So, uh, you know, that's his why here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's not married, doesn't have any kids, and so he's committed to his extended family and his mother and helps him out as much as possible. Pagan really poting from the outside very effectively in this round. And then he's still trying to get on the inside and do work and Pagan kind of tying him up there. By the way, Pagan has faced one lefty as a pro. That was an important win against Roger Hilly back in 2024. Uh and uh he came through that against a a very good fighter uh after having suffered a cut very early in that fight. And of course, Malik Montgomery switches to lefty a bit a little bit, but Pagan has had no trouble with the lefty stance of Jimenez. Good defense there is weaving underneath these shots very well. Um, I like his distance also. Um, he's keeping himself in range for that counter shot. He takes the half step back just as we saw there and always stand in range to counter with the big right hand. &gt;&gt; Great footwork. I mean, you saw he landed that right hand and step right back to make the base. Look at that. Beautiful active shot by a shot. Oh, good left hook. &gt;&gt; This is the Josh Pagan that we sometimes see in fights and he's very exciting and he is landing big shots against Jimenez. Good left hook on the inside. by Pagan. &gt;&gt; Forget about the head shot. Maybe just concentrating the body for one good solid round to cuz look is you just got guys like that uh Al that that they take a GOOD SHOT. &gt;&gt; So one of them I still take a good shot. &gt;&gt; Yes, you do. Seconds remaining here in uh round number five and uh we're headed further into this 10 rounder. Jimenez trying to work on the inside. Yeah, you can see there's a there is a cut under the left eye of Nice shot by Jimenez. &gt;&gt; Good right hand by Jimenez as he gets on the inside. In fact, that cut over the left eye does not look great. [cheering] Don't know if that came from a clash of heads or low &gt;&gt; or a right hand and Ben Rodriguez gives Jimenez a warning. Now, Jimenez is a very good body puncher as we pointed out. that one strayed low, but that's part of what he wants to try and do. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he needs to take advantage of that. He had uh Pagan on the ropes and the corners. He needs to keep him there cuz he he was landing some good body shots and had a Pagan a little bit worried there. &gt;&gt; Now, Pagan has been cut twice before in his career. I mentioned the fight uh against Hilly and he's cut one other time uh and so now he's facing that again. Now, we haven't seen a ruling about whether that came from a clash of heads or not. If it came from a clash of heads, we would go to the scorecards if this fight was stopped. But if it didn't, then that would put uh Pagan in harm's way of losing the fight via TKO if in fact the cut became that serious. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has stood up to the to the big punches. No question about that. &gt;&gt; Again, a right hand and well, we talked about [cheering] it being dormant, but it's not dormant now. and then Jimenez coming back with a good straight left hand. &gt;&gt; But we're seeing now, um, like you said, Al, he he recovered this round pretty well. I thought he got a little bit more patient. Um, in spite of Hez coming in with the wild shots, but what we can see, look, he's being patient right now, just pawing the jab and looking to set it up. Right here, we see the paw. He's going underneath. Genez landed some good body shots. We noted earlier that Himenez is a good body puncher. &gt;&gt; There's that uppercut again. Oh, uppercut with the right and straight right hand. &gt;&gt; Solid. I mean, I'm talking about he's he's really turning those shots and and look at Jimenez. Keeps coming. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, he just keeps coming forward trying to work the body. Left uppercut by Jimenez. Sneaks in there. So he's creating [cheering] an interesting back and forth here to be sure even in some of these rounds in the seventh and the eighth where it seems like Pagan might well be winning them by &gt;&gt; and Pagan interestingly continues to be the boxer puncher in this fight and as Raul pointed out uh resisting the temptation oh beautiful uppercut resisting a temptation to uh engage because the crowd was urging him to do so. Under a minute left to go here in round number 10. &gt;&gt; It's been a uh an excellent performance by Joshua Pagan against a willing and capable opponent. Josh Pagan looks for all the world like he's going to cruise to his 15th win as a professional. Of course, we don't if he goes the distance we still have the scorecards to look at, but it would be surprising if he didn't get the decision win. And uh he just need to stay upright probably for these remaining seconds. And Brian Jimenez will suffer the third loss of his career to an undefeated fighter. I'd be scared to see what Grand Rapids would do if he didn't win tonight. Oh gosh. Don't want to win again. &gt;&gt; They were they were distressed a little bit after the last fight. I can't imagine what that would be. Good sportsmanship, of course, shown by both these men. Not a surprise. &gt;&gt; After 10 rounds of championship fighting, we go to the judges scorecards. &gt;&gt; Judge D. Young scores the matchup 99 to 91. Yeah, [cheering] &gt;&gt; Judge Santino also scores it 99 to 91. And Judge Trella scores the matchup 100 to 90. All for your winner by unanimous decision. AND STILL THE WBO, NABO lightweight champion, Joshua Double J Ban.