Kind: captions Language: en See, Hernandez coming in somewhat light for this fight, but an inch taller than Nakatani in this fight. That's not something that Nakatani is very used to. Okay, I'll give you all instructions in the dressing room. Obey my commands at all times. Protect yourselves at all times. Anything from the black and up is good. Okay? Anything from here and up is good. Okay? Touch gloves. Good luck. God bless. Nakatani just so nice uppercut, a double uppercut there from Nakatani. Hernandez really hasn't opened up. Nice hits to the body he's throwing in from the guard. Oh, left hand Nice left hand right over the top there from Nakatani. He took that one well, Hernandez. Oh, and again, beautiful shot selection here from Nakatani. And again down Hernandez starting to get a little busier here on the inside. The hazard of doing this on the inside is that Nakatani can essentially land a knockout shot from any angle. He doesn't offer that defense as well. Always in a position to throw a shot, a hurtful shot. Look at that. Oh. Uppercut on the fly there from Nakatani. back onto the back foot. Showing that he Oh, left hand up with the left hand. And then a two-punch combination, the uppercut directly into the straight left hand. He's going to have to land something soon to change the momentum here. wicked &gt;&gt; shot there from Nakatani. Let's take a look at how the fans have this one scored so far. Nice little left uppercut by left upstairs. Nakatani That's all you hear from Hernandez, but Nakatani [cheering] just continues to stand in there. Yes, spot-on. And even a man who's thirsty wants to win. Both defeat three-weight world champions. He's putting [cheering] it in now. This is fantastic. And he can wind He saw it on your screen. superman You need two attributes. Nakatani standing in there as well. Look at this action. We talk about body language a lot as well, and you really feed feed off of how you're feeling. Big uppercut through the middle there from Nakatani. He's having to dig deeper than ever before. As Hernandez continues to dig to the body. OH, FOR YOUR WINNER BY unanimous decision, and still undefeated, JUNTO BIG BANG [screaming] NAKATANI! SO, Junto Nakatani had to go to the depths of hell to pull this one out.