Kind: captions Language: en representative of his country. &gt;&gt; You know what I like from Zo right away? Triple jabs. Three straight times he's thrown the triple jab. That is a hallmark of a Buddy Mer fighter. Buddy is throwing I don't know upwards of 30, 40 jabs per round, if not more. Already seeing that early from season six round distance four times. &gt;&gt; This will be uncharted territory. LAST THAT LONG RIGHT HAND AND THEN DROPS CASTILE THAT THE DOUBLE LEFT JAB power of the jab. Yeah, Castile thinking jab all the way through. Came back over the top with the right hand. Dream star here for Saudi Arabia. NICE RIGHT HAND AND AGAIN AND ZO'S balance looks a little compromised here. &gt;&gt; No, no, he got wrapped by that right hand, guys. And that's that's the part that Castile's looking for. He looping over the top and you got to zero out the body movement, but yeah, you know, you get that rush, that fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; good round. And Castillo really grabbing this fight by the scruff of the neck. shot for good by Castile this round. Tell you this about Castillo did not come to knock his mouthpiece out. &gt;&gt; Castile right now feeling like King Kong in there even though he's never going to knock out his career. Castillo did not come to New York just to be an opponent for Al. You think the southpaw stance has anything to do with it? &gt;&gt; No. No. Because Castile's not doing anything that South Oh, there's a straight right hand. A DEADLY SHOT THAT ZO ATE right on the chin. He's holding on. If Castile had any power, that might have been lights OUT at this point. Needs these last two rounds desperately. Might even need another knockdown if he needs another power. That's where that pressure defensive. And now body languish might be ready to go down. Castillo can push the gas bel and they both SWUNG IT OUT. WHAT A FIGHT TO START this match. In agreement, they both scored the same 77 to 74. All for your winner by unanimous decision. KEVIN TEDDY CASTILLO. [cheering]