Kind: captions Language: en Time now for our first final of the day. We're kicking off with the heavyweight division. As expected, there have been plenty of dramatic knockouts along the way, but ultimately the final lineup has seen two underdogs [music] emerge from the pack. Right lads, listen up. I gave you your instructions in the dressing room, okay? You both know what I expect. Keep the fight clean. Obey my commands and most importantly, gentlemen, protect yourself at all times, okay? Shake hands. Kurnic starting things out in the southpaw stance and he can make that ring very, very small quickly. Ramirez historically, he does a lot of this, Barry. He likes to use every inch of that ring. Likes to work around the perimeter. His right hand to the body there from Ramirez. Now tries to climb the ladder with a left hook. That uppercut to the body that we saw from Kurnic. That really is That's the trademark of his operation. And this is a mountain of a man whose size and pressure and those continuous body shots throughout the tournament have just been grinding his opponents down. Round two underway. Good start for Kevin Ramirez. Not unusual for Ahmed Kurnic. If you really look at his results other than that third-round stoppage win over Jordy Valenzuela, which Oh, big left hand there for Kurnic. He got hit with maybe eight shots that he took so well. He does that well, doesn't he, Ramirez? He wants to see nice with a good shot. He goes, you know what? I'm going to go again. And he's you know, he works off his success. And it was a lovely the two left uppercuts and two left hooks in that combination from Ramirez before he got hit with that right hook there from Kurnic. He just stayed in the kitchen a little too long. Round three begins. That was actually Muhammad Shamili's family who was sitting ringside. But the Ramirez family, no doubt watching intently just as Kevin did when he was eight years old when his brother Victor won the WBC cruiserweight title over Alexandri Alexander Alexiev. And now he hopes to go home with the green belt of his own. On the Riyadh season belt. Of course, the Jose Sulaiman trophy. A quick combination there from Ramirez finishing things off with that left uppercut. Well, and and Barry, there is There is some consideration of conser- conservation of energy as well. And being on the ropes, you can save a little bit of that gas tank a little bit if you can do it safely. Oh, he's got caught with the left hand there from Kurnic. But but he always doesn't fire back. Sometimes it's safer closer to the target than you are further away. You don't want to get on the end of the shots. But he's just I think he's making Kurnic work hard here. Yes, it's the WBC Grand Prix heavyweight final. And we just heard the open scoring. Kevin Ramirez ahead on all five judges' scorecards. But three of those judges have him ahead by just a point. The other two have him ahead, as you see on your screen, 30 to 27. So not an insurmountable lead for Kurnic to win on the scorecards. And that's where open scoring will help him now. Oh. Big shot there from Ramirez. And oh, Kurnic. That was like a two seconds after the bell. Down on both knees here. I mean, he always takes shots well, but then when you're when you're not bracing for a shot, those are the shots that really hurt. But if he does give it If they did give him that round, then it makes this fight a close fight all of a sudden, which which feels like Ramirez is not dominating, but winning wide enough. Four uppercuts and about five uppercuts by Ramirez on the inside. But Kurnic only being able to throw in ones and twos is is costing him the fight here. Cuz Ramirez Ramirez can read the rhythm. He just wants to one, two shots to throw. We're getting in the final 20 seconds of this round. That was good from Kurnic. A little step back. Kevin Ramirez came forward. But again, backs up Kurnic with about 10 unanswered punches. Not all of them landing, but I would say more than 50% of them did. YEAH, HIS work ethic is fantastic, isn't it, Ramirez? Look at this. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; A straight shot to the ear, isn't it, for Ramirez? So when he throws that jab he's so so good with it. Throw the uppercut straight away. And and here's a jab right there from Kurnic, though. And that's what we should see a little bit more to stop the onslaught of Ramirez. The WBC open scoring. So three of the judges have this fight scored 58-56 for Ramirez. And the other two 59-55. In other words, this fight is still up for grabs. Ahmed Kurnic could still even things up on the scorecards and force this into the WBC enhanced scoring system. Definitely. Um but he has to have two big rounds in order to win cuz Ramirez had big rounds where he he landed some hard shots. But he's in He's definitely in the fight. According to the scorecards. Again, if you're just tuning in to the tournament for the first time, should that happen, the WBC's enhanced scoring system is essentially Oh, big left hook there from Ramirez who doesn't want to hear anything about supplemental scoring. HE WANTS A KNOCKOUT. FINAL 10 SECONDS OF THE ROUND. But the drama is not over quite yet. What do the scorecards look like? What did THEY THINK OF KURNIC'S work in round SEVEN AND EIGHT? &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, AFTER EIGHT ROUNDS OF BOXING, we go to the judges' scorecards. Judges Jose Mansour, Allen Krebs, and Yanko Alexic are all in agreement. They scored the same, 70-70-75. And judges Ed Pearson and Pavel Hanic scored 78-74. All for your winner by unanimous decision, still undefeated and now the Riyadh season WBC boxing Grand Prix heavyweight champion, KEVIN LERENA.