Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. Gentlemen, go back instructions in the dressing room so you know what's expected. Key punches up micro match and set yourselves at all times. Keep this clean, lads. Trust 28. Well, one of the biggest rivalries reignites THAT CRACKLING FIRST BATTLE which had everything. But despite JOSH WARRINGTON'S ENERGY, WORK RATE, SKILLS, IT WAS ALL UNDONE BY THAT MASTER OF ESCAPE, Lee Wood. THERE'S REAL GRUDGE LIKE NOTTINGHAM'S HERO CARL CROCH WITH GEORGE GROVES. EUBANK AND BEN DO. THERE'S NO LOVE LOSS BETWEEN THIS PAIR. &gt;&gt; I mean, I will say they both look good on the scales yesterday. Both fired up. Look at this start from both. I think Jos wanted as well looks in tremendous shape. He looks &gt;&gt; very very good condition. He's struggling right now just to find the target of Lee and he's getting caught a little bit as he's coming over the front foot. He needs to stop being so predictable as well. He's taking the first shot and he's trying to come back with something pretty much every time. Here we go again. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's doing a lot of lead hand work here, Lee Wood. And I think he's taking us the power off the shots a little bit. So his accuracy is coming up. timing is a bit better than it was in the first round of the last fight. &gt;&gt; Blood from the nose of Lee Wood and a left hand from Warrington. That will spur the leads warrior on. But Wood targeting that Warrington body trying to squeeze in shots under those muscly arms. Oh &gt;&gt; and that's the worry there for Josh Warren and he has to fight this first. He fights in attacks right at that with two, three, four punch combinations. You can see the intentions every time Josh war is throwing a punch. He's trying to hurt Leewood. He's trying to let solid shots go. He's caught in. &gt;&gt; That's That's what I was trying to say. He throws in combinations, but he's got to be aware that he doesn't get caught throwing like he did in the last contest. &gt;&gt; But he did catch him there and he smiled. Josh Warrington. He predicted an early knockout. &gt;&gt; Leewood comes back and both defenses are leaky tonight, which makes it extra entertaining. &gt;&gt; In and out. Leewood looking to braid like Robin Hood, the Nottingham hero here. But Warrington's got plenty of fans up to our right. Thousands have come to Villa Park today and then on. What a sporting day they've had and Warrington's absolutely convinced. He goes back to leads with the victory. It means so much to him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's got to be busy and he's got to be disciplined. I keep using that word, but that was what let him down last time. Nice left hook though from Lee Wood. &gt;&gt; That first fight in Sheffield two years and four months ago. Here comes Warrington with the combination body shot just gets wood holding on over the far side of the ring. This is good from the leads man. &gt;&gt; I tell what he did there Warren. He landed with one good shot and he jumped on him, didn't he? Didn't give him any space. &gt;&gt; Still got to be careful with that. Those hooks coming as he comes forward though. Yeah, Josh Warrington. &gt;&gt; And that's the excitement of Warrington when he was really flying up close and really giving no space to his opponents. But he he just the role if you will with just combinations work grief and also he haven't got massive power but every shot solid with with Warington as well and when he keeps his feet with Wood just lands shots. Oh over the front foot gets caught on a lovely lead hook from Wood and a body shot again from Lee Wood targeting that early in the fight. Warrington tries to come back with a left hand. There's a big difference in power. Warrington only eight knockouts. Wood 17 in his 28 victories. &gt;&gt; The body is the target. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he carries that power late as well, Adam. &gt;&gt; Being able to dictate the pace is massively important more than is when you're a younger fighter cuz you don't you don't want to be pushing the pace quite as someone else's tempo. &gt;&gt; Left hand from Warrington. The question was, would his reflexes still be the same? Because he's got a style that's based on that, doesn't he? Speed and hustle and bustle and that high guard. I'm not sure is winning in these rounds or most of them. It's been a good start from Lee Wood, but it's close coming together. Hasn't really used the uppercut. Hasn't targeted the body much. Warrington chasing now beginning to but lovely wonderful punch from Lywood. And that's what Warrington's got to be so careful about. &gt;&gt; Took it well though. Dictating, isn't he? Looking comfortable on the back foot. Powerful on the front foot. Good work. That right hook spong for a second. Lovely combination. He's used the uppercut in the last round. The hook now these left stabbing shots to the body. Warrington needs some success here. But Borton Jones does what he always does. He bit down on his gumshield and started throwing heavy shots back. &gt;&gt; Oh, right hand from Josh Warrington. And he's so determined for revenge here. And when Josh does keep his feet with him, he is finding him there often enough, but too often he's throwing shots from here with full virtues, but at the edge of range. Good combination from Lee Wood, who again looks relaxed after Warrington maybe had a better fifth. This is good from the Nottingham man. And Warrington looks frustrated as though he's trying to remember the old moves and it's not quite there. He's had so many 12 rounders and there's just a little bit of a a spark here from Warrington. &gt;&gt; If you would Yeah. Yeah. I think if you if you slow down, he'll take advantage of that. But at the minute, Woods, he's dictated the pace. He's still looks like he got plenty of energy. He knows where he is. His timing is still very, very good &gt;&gt; and and good shot. &gt;&gt; Lee Wood still looks like he can do this another few rounds. Beautiful movement. Yeah, and he's been busier, hasn't he? A lot lot more busier than he was in that first fight and he's maintained it, sustained it, and coming to the the last minute of the 11th round. He's looking strong and fit. Listen to this crowd. I know we've given a lot of rounds, we've chopped him off to Lee Wood, but is there an argument in some of the rounds for the aggression, the front foot of Warrington, or maybe &gt;&gt; he still landed some clean shots? That was a good body shot though from Leewood. &gt;&gt; He's taking too many punches to get to the target probably. &gt;&gt; I agree. &gt;&gt; Obviously, he's had a terrific training camp and he's boxed to order and the wood corner getting THE CROWD UP. HE'S 3 MINUTES AWAY from repeat from a wood victory again. And a victory he so craves at this late stage in his career. MAYBE THERE IS THE dream still of fighting at Nottingham Forest. Maybe he'll call it a day. But if he calls it A DAY ON THIS SORT of performance, he can go out with his head really highly. Warrington still trying desperately hard. 45 seconds to go and I think Leewood hasn't looked for the knockout tonight. He's boxed to Ben and Lee's plan and he's boxed brilliantly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the crowd are loving it. They're loving this. performance, this disciplined performance. Maybe not the fireworks they they may have hoped for, but their man certainly winning this contest with 20 seconds to go. &gt;&gt; With a right hand, he's not done just yet. LATE DRAMA, MAYBE. 15 seconds on the clock. Warrington leads a huge punch. Miracle really. THE CLOCK'S GOING DOWN. JOSH WARRINGTON SMILES. HE'LL PROBABLY RETIRE TONIGHT. A GREAT FIGHTER WE'VE SEEN, but Lee Wood got it right. An absolutely exquisite PERFORMANCE FROM WOOD FROM start to finish. Tactically smart. And look at that between the team. Lee Wy cooked it up. Ben Davidson guided him through. And Leewood tonight delivered. Kevin Parker 119 109. Victor Lachland 119 110 Kieran McCann 117 1111 All three for your winner by unanimous decision lethal. He is still the champion, the sheriff from Nottingham, Auntie Sue celebrating with the royal family. Thousands will go home happy. Josh Warrington with his head held high as well. And maybe the last time we see him, who knows? He's given us so much. So too, Lee Wood. Wonderful to see this respect.