Kind: captions Language: en Okay, both boxes. Keep your punches up. Watch your heads inside. Defend yourselves at all times. Obey my commands at all times. Touch gloves back your corner. 6 months as a pro. Three super speedy first round wins. Second time in the Northeast for York's hot property, Leo Atang in with Belgium's Armen Busetta who's in fight number 27. He's won nine, but he's never stopped anyone. And a Tang has three straight knockout victories. So, what next for the young prospect who's got a lovely language style, a nice jab and works the body well. Darren, he looks big, doesn't he? Slightly heavier on the scouge yesterday, but he hasn't lost any speed, does he? Good aggression on the front foot. You know, you said it there, Adam, ticks a lot of boxes. And what a time to be a young heavyweight in the division that's searching for his next stars potentially could be while Leo Tang getting that. It's that it's that speed, isn't it? That's what gets you. Once he lands with a good shot, he accelerates in his three, four, five punches that that follow up. &gt;&gt; Just bringing that right foot across nicely, isn't he? Trying to pin &gt;&gt; big man into the corner. &gt;&gt; But again, never rushes himself, does he? No, he's putting the pressure on. He doesn't let his hands go, but I mean, always just stalking, taking his time, &gt;&gt; digging in these left hooks to the body. &gt;&gt; That brought about his first stoppage win on his debut. 15 seconds left and he might have to go back to Ash in the corner for a minute at the end of this attack. And that won't be a bad thing. Betta almost knocked off his feet there. That would be a fight down the line, wouldn't it? A tower and a tang we can dream of a few years. &gt;&gt; That's so nice. As I say, these emerging stars. This is really good work. Dropping to the body. A right hand crept through the guard as well. Took it well through set, but he's not taking his foot off the gas here. No, he's got the pedal there on a tang. Not rushing his work as you said Barry before, but now he wants the finish. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's trying to pick his shots while there seems to go around the elbow with that left hook. &gt;&gt; He has no interest of letting much go at all here, Busousetta. But what we are seeing Barry is nice variation and just patience. &gt;&gt; It's been nice, but you know, and he is 19, but let's treat him like a prospect that we think is going to go all the way. And now he has to up the pace. Leo Tang and Amin Busetta means that if he wants to maintain the 100% knockout ratio, he's got six minutes to do something about it. It's all a tang. He's won the first two clearly. And that body shot there just thumps in. You could hear it and feel it. He could barely took a knee there just in case. &gt;&gt; Here we go. Now just off quue Barry Jones who said it does take a knee and looks at his corner and winks at us. I'm not sure how much more he wants of this. It's over. Yep. Leoang does get the stoppage victory and the Nick Betta had felt the power in the first couple of rounds and it was a lovely clean shot that got the job done and he's all relaxed.