Kind: captions Language: en Introducing your third man in the ring at the sound of the bell from Newark, scoring a star referee, Mr. Kevin Parker. And now, ladies and gentlemen, six rounds of boxing scheduled in the heavyweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner. He wears black and purple. He scaled 16 stone, 1 lb 2 oz. professional record, 11 victories, six defeats with two wins coming by way of knockout. He fights out of Bradford. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the Reaper man, Dan Garber. Garber and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He wears black with silver trim. He scales 16 stone, 11 lbs, 14 oz. His young professional record thus far, perfect. Four fights, four victories, all four wins coming by way of knockout. He fights out of York. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the undefeated, hardhitting Leo Aang. Gent, you both know the rules. I expect a clean fight. Remember to obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Six rounds. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Seven months as a pro for Leo Tang in excess of seven years for Dan Garber. youthful, promised and grizzled experience. The hard-hitting, orthodox, stylish aggressor in Leo Atang and the &gt;&gt; Southpaw survivor normally, but it's York against Bradford. So, a Yorkshire derby and that could mean something there. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, he's got the bit between his teeth, but Tang flying out here with real purpose. There's always a lot of thought in his work, a lot of composure, but he's fired up tonight, that's for sure. &gt;&gt; You just got to be careful though with attack. Just take his time because Gavin has got fast hands, you know, and he walks onto a shot. &gt;&gt; You want to start un raffle early. So, just nice and composure. &gt;&gt; It is a step up for the recently turned 19year-old. He's been around a long time Garber and he can handle himself pretty much. That's a great combination from a tag. The hand speed. He's dazed. He's confused. But he's GOING TO BE STOPPED RIGHT NOW. A minute is all he needed. LEO STRIKES AGAIN. Five on the spin. AND IT WAS JUST TOO MUCH for Dan Gmer to cope with. And a TANG MATCHES IT. ELMA. JEEZ. He was not messing around there, was he? Leo Tang come out with full purpose desire to close the show early. Just straight out of the blocks. A real spite and grit in his eyes and he got the job done. Baza. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Leo said, "Don't rush your work, mate." &gt;&gt; Don't listen, does he? I mean, once he down with one good shot though there, Tang the follow up. He just There he lands with a good left hook there. Once you seen him move there, Gab seen the leg spin a little bit. That was it. He was on him. Not accurate with every shot, but he doesn't need to be, does he? They're whailing in nowhere to go for Garin. The referee was right to step in there. He's not steady on his legs &gt;&gt; there. Dan Garin. &gt;&gt; That was that right hand. So, the three-punch combination. That's what started it right on the button. And Gavin really should have took a kneel to hold, but he looked to fire back. And with that, there was gaps that appeared for the time to exploit. And he did that with that nice loose style. He has power, speed. &gt;&gt; I feel like a great finish. &gt;&gt; I feel like that's the first time we've really seen that from attack. Yes, he's had stoppages in all four of his previous fights, but that was that was really really spiteful, Adam. That was frantic. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was. But so entertaining. The speed, the power, the commitment from Leo Atang, who's such a great guy outside of the ring. The maturity already on the teenager's shoulders. He's always smiling. He's learning the business. And that is another notch. Good step forward for a Moses italmer. Of course, the air apparent. He fought Dan Garber in fight number eight. He also won in a round. Attang's done it in his fifth. Good work, Leo. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, referee Kevin Parker calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 1 minute and 2 seconds of round number one. Declaring your winner by TKO. He's still undefeated. Leo attack.