Kind: captions Language: en Okay guys, you know the rules. Protect yourself at all times. Obey my command. The fight hard, fight clean. Touch blows. Good luck. &gt;&gt; Third outing for the white hot prospect from Britain, Leo Atang, who's made quick work of his first couple of professional opponents. How will he get on against Babu Ysef? Full name Ysef Hassanali. Babu Abdul Sam from Campala the rolling tiger had a couple of years out of the sport but he's come back with a win he's undefeated in three a tang in two what happens when the big boys go to work Darren &gt;&gt; look at the balance on a tang it's so good the the base is so solid he's got a lovely jab he's always fainting he never exaggerates a movement even when he [music] takes his feet out of range it's only half a step and when he makes the opponent miss. He will fire back once he's found his range and timing. They're hurtful, hurtful shots. Very, very sharp and accurate. &gt;&gt; He's got some Garnian colors down the side of his black trunks. The pink and gold of Babu Ysef Tang has really caught the eye early on, not just in the ring, but out of the ring, Denzel. And and that's really important for a young pro. &gt;&gt; Yeah, most definitely. I mean, he he's really well scored. He's nice and balanced. I mean, like you said, the the trims, he's paying homage to the country he's competing in, and he's probably trying to build a fan base here, but I mean, it's a good experience for him for him to box at this level. Oh, good shots. &gt;&gt; Yep. Short right hand just made use of think. And another one coming in, he's a body puncher to a Tang. And when he gets his man hurt, he's normally pretty predatory. A Tang looking balanced as he lovely left hook. And there's the body work that we've seen before. It's all too much this for Baba Yousef. HE'S GOING TO GET TAKEN OUT inside a minute AND A HALF. &gt;&gt; DONE AND DUSTED. LEO A CHANGANG three out of three complains. Baba Yousef, but he loses his unbeaten record. And a Changang makes sure on African soil. He lit up a couple of nights in Britain at the back end of 2025 and now he's finished it with a stamp of authority and he is going to be something special. Watch out for him. Leo Tang the name Baba Ysef blown away. He's furious with the stoppage and himself but he had no answer. &gt;&gt; He didn't. He didn't. Leo Tang caught with a lovely left hook and I like the way he went straight to the body instead of head hunt. He went to the body and went back upstairs and it just opened up by Yousef and he couldn't take any more. I think that's the right call from the referee. &gt;&gt; Look at this. The dance from Leo. He's such a lovely guy out of the ring. A smile that lights up a room and that's so important. We saw how AJ did that after he won Olympic gold in 2012. Leang won the under 19 championships [music] in 2024. Not the same amateur pedigree, but a pretty good one. He's only 18 and he's got a maturity on his shoulders and he's banging them all out early. Of &gt;&gt; course, he is. He's the babyfaced assassin. He's an absolute monster. He really is. The ease in which he's dispatching his opponents is frightening. Look, they're going to get tougher, but you can only beat in front of you. And Babu, I don't think he can really complain too much about the stoppage. If you sort of shipping that me much punishment and you're not firing back with anything, what do you expect the referee to do? But that was the shot there. He was leaning back an awful lot, Baboo. So you stab the jab to the body, then you look back upstairs. But look at the concentration. Such a young man, but as you say, old head on young shoulders and when he goes through the gears, look at the variation. Denzel dropping down to the body. As you say, it's class. &gt;&gt; It's class. I mean, as an 18year-old prospect, you wouldn't expect that sort of, you know, knowledge about, you know, switching switching the shots. and he's managed to do that and he's putting a barrage of shots and got Babu out of it. &gt;&gt; What a time to be a young heavyweight. We have Lawrence Aoli, Tony Joker on tomorrow night on Done and a funfilled 2026 ahead maybe with Fury and AJ Leo Tang the next generation Moses. I bet he was watching as well. Really, really good to see these heavyweights coming through. A Tang wins dramatically. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Nikki calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage 1 minute 24 seconds of round number one. Declaring a winner by TKO. He's still undefeated.