Kind: captions Language: en Okay, boys. If a call break, I expect to take a step back. Don't deliberately throw punches around the back of the head. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Glove, fellas. &gt;&gt; Fluid, relaxed look about him. &gt;&gt; Enjoys his boxing and will keep his feet on the ground is what he said. Nice right hand as he throwing the right shot at the right time. And as Barry said, you know, the balance, the base that allows him to generate an awful lot of power as he backs Shaku into this blue corner. &gt;&gt; Good body shot, right hand as well. &gt;&gt; Nice one sunk in with the left hook and over the top as well. And Shaku is going to be under some sustained punishment. &gt;&gt; Boxing nicely. There's that jab to the body. That that then opens up that right hand. &gt;&gt; Beautiful jab. Lovely left hook to the body as well. Yeah, the left hand's the weapon for him to start everything off, isn't it, for a tank, but usually like a heavyweight, pushing back with it. &gt;&gt; He started with a jab, which was really good to see. And he tries again. It's clever this from a tang. And Shu making it difficult and holding and spoiling and Steve Gray ticking him off. Last 10 of what's been a a powerful round for Leo Tang. Royce and Barney Smith. Another one. Good night in Scotland and we hope for a a similar one in Liverpool. Big fighting cities, Glasgow and here in Liverpool, Leo Tang trying to light up the city on the banks of the Murzy and he's doing well here. &gt;&gt; He's just getting a little bit too close when he see he has to throw in combinations like this and that's the right idea. But again, it's all about this shot getting that distance right and there it was. Clumping right hand from Leo Tang again. Shu tries to hold on and Leo Tang has very good at times. Right hand at the end maybe close to a stoppage but he has to go the distance for the first TIME AND I THINK THAT'S A GOOD THING. Of course he do the world of good. He had a final bell. Six rounds under your your belt. &gt;&gt; He busted it, didn't he? Looked good. Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of action here in Liverpool, we go to referee Steve Gray's scorecard. It reads 59 to 54. For your winner, he's still undefeated Leo Aang. Six out of six in his first nine months as a professional extended for the first time. Addie and that will all be good learning experience for Leo Tang.