Kind: captions Language: en Chris Maddox, Sergio Mora. He is the fighter, I'm the writer. On this episode, we're going to talk about the rematch that nobody is asking for. That is Floyd Mayweather against Manny Pacquiao. Part two. We're going to talk about Clarissa Shields, her future after a paint job against Franch Cruz Dern. We've got some uh some news on Richardson Hitchens. Is he going to face Oscar Dwarte? Is he going to face somebody else? Is he going to move up in weight? We're going to talk about that. And we are headed to Arizona for the all Mexican showdown. That's right. Sergio Morris people are going to be in Arizona for the Sugar Nunees against Emanuel Neveti. What is that? Sugar nun. &gt;&gt; That's the good, the bad, and the ugly. &gt;&gt; Okay, let me finish. We'll be there for the 130 lb title unification fight. Nunes against Devete. We are going to talk about that. But Sergio, we have to start with the big news that happened just after we finished recording the pod last week. And that is the rematch is on. Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. 11 years after Mayweather and Pacquiao laced up the gloves for the biggest fight in boxing history. They're set to do it again September 19th at the Sphere in Las Vegas. Mayweather has not fought since 2017 when he beat Conor McGregor. Pacquiao has fought more recently had the draw against Mario Bario. That fight didn't really age well after what we saw against Ryan Garcia. Um, the first fight was a monster. $4.6 million pay-per-view buys revenue that was north of $400 million, $72 million alone in ticket revenue. It was, as I said, a fight that captured all of sports. I remember going out to Vegas for a month to report uh stories on that. It was the double cover of the Sports Illustrated magazine. It was a huge, huge deal all over the sports world. This one, this one is not. This one has a lot of people asking questions about why we are being forced to watch this fight again. So, your early thoughts on uh Mayweather Pacquiao doing it again. &gt;&gt; If the fight didn't pan out, what was it you said 11 years ago? &gt;&gt; 2015. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. If the fight didn't pan out 11 years ago, it was a it was a success outside of the ring, but inside the ring, it was a dud. Pacquiao couldn't get nothing going. That was 11 years ago. That was when they're at least in their 30s. What? 38, 39 at least. These guys are in their late 40s now. Manx 49 and 47 years old. These guys have not looked good in over a decade. Yes, I give credit to Manny Pacquiao for his last fight against Mario Barios, but he still didn't win that fight, you know. Um, nostalgia, I get it. People want to invest in two big names, but that first fight wasn't good. Why are we going to have it a decade later and think it's going to be any better? This is this is a case where Manny Manny Pacquiao, we know he's had his issues with money, and we know right now that that uh Floyd Mayweather Jr. is having issues with money. So, they're doing it for the love of money, for the need of money, and for the fact that the that these two names are joining the long list of great names like Sugar Ray Robinson and Muhammad Ali and Joe Lewis. Um, so many others that have had problems with taxes, divorces, money. They don't know how to manage their money outside of boxing, and they have to return to the ring when no one wants to watch them no more because they're not at their best, and they're only going to get hurt. Mike Tyson, perfect example, hundreds of millions of dollars. The end of his career was tragic. That's what's going to end up happening here with Manny Pacquiao and Mayweather Jr. One of them is going to get knocked out pretty bad. And the massochists in all of us is going to love it. But the boxing fans, the ones that knew what these guys were in their heyday, how great they were, like myself, I'm gonna I'm gonna weep, man. I don't want to watch these guys. I don't want to watch these guys end up like that. It's really sad to think that this is about the money. And I agree with you. It is about the money. According to Business Insider, Floyd Mayweather made over a billion dollars in the ring alone. Not talking about outside the ring earnings, endorsements, all that. In boxing revenue, Mayweather made north of a billion dollars. I don't know what Pacquiao made, but it's probably at least three quarters of that. He had an incredibly lucrative boxing career. Now, here we are 10 years, 11 years after what was the pinnacle of their careers and they're taking another fight for money. Um, they're going to make a pile of money. Netflix is streaming this event and we can get into Netflix doing that. U, but it is not going to be good. Like, it's not, you know, I've said this about a lot of the Netflix streamed events. Do not expect anything competitive. If you expected Jake Paul against Mike Tyson to be competitive, you were wrong. If you expected Jake Paul against Anthony Joshua to be competitive, you were wrong. If you expect Floyd Mayweather against Manny Pacquiao to look anything like anything other than two old guys going at it in the ring, you are going to be disappointed. You said there's going to be a knockout. No, there's not. No, there's not. I don't think either one of these guys can punch anymore. Pacquiao couldn't hurt Mario Barios and Floyd, who was never a power puncher, at least not in these higher weights, has not fought in nearly a decade. This is going to be ugly. It is going to be two guys well past their athletic primes, still quasi skilled because some of those reflexes you still have, some of those muscle twitches that you still can go to, but shells of their former self. It'll be a cool event. It'll happen in the sphere. I'm sure it'll sell lots of tickets. I'm sure it will do a big number on Netflix, but go into this event with your eyes wide open. It is going to be horrible. And I say that respectfully of both these guys, but it is not going to look good in the ring. &gt;&gt; No, it's not because Manny Pacquiao made in a career because he was so explosive from that southpaw stance. So that's why he was able to climb eight divisions because he was so fast with his feet. He was so explosive. You see Manny Pacquiao's calves, they look like biceps, you They're huge. He was explosive with his feet. What's the first thing to go for a fighter? One of the first things to go is the legs. The legs go. So, if you were a a fighter that relied on legs, just like Manny Pacquiao, all that power came from the lower body. It came from the foundation. He's not going to have that anymore. And mind you, you know, Pacquiao looked pretty decent against Mario Barios. But now that we see what Mario Barios did against Ryan Garcia, now you can't give him credit. You take away credit from Monty Pacquiao because no matter if he was 45 46 years old, Barios is not good on the championship level and he proved that uh over and over and over again already. Uh it it's sad. But Floyd Mayweather Jr., look, this is what happens when you have a big name and you're frivolous with money. Let's let's keep it real. He was ignorant with his money. The way that he gave it away, the way that he would throw it away and gamble it away, the jets, the jewelry, the nonsense, it's catching up to him. it caught up to him. And and it's not just May with the junior. It's all these fighters that I mentioned, you know, with the big entouragees with with with the multi- uh million-dollar cars in in the in in the parking lot. And you know, the like I said, you know, the taxes taxes gets gets a lot of fighters. Joe Lewis, Sugar Robinson, some of the greatest fighters um get in trouble with taxes because that's that's another education that that fighters fall behind on. Instead of Mayweather Jr., an American hero, an Olympian, an incredible boxer, instead of him setting the role for the the the next boxers to come to say, "Hey man, look, this is how you retire undefeated. This is how you manage your career. You leave with all your wits undefeated, a boatload of money, you invest it, you put it in the in the in the market, you invest in real estate." uh instead of doing all that and setting an example, he's setting the exact same precedent all these other greats before him did where they just didn't know how to manage it. They wanted to live beyond their means and wanted their their popularity to be as but big as the the hero they created inside the ring. It's it's it's it's a failure to the it's a failure, man. I hate to see it from great names.