Kind: captions Language: en Fabulous atmosphere really is tonight in Germany and people are looking forward to this one. Everybody saying this is a close affair. IBF International Championship on the line and it pits Granite Charlotte who's fancied as a heavyweight in these parts in Germany against Petas from Split. And have a look only one defeat each on their record. A ton of wins, plenty of knockouts. Good 10 rounder in store. &gt;&gt; Gentleman in Germany said this could be a veryight tast good luck. He said it's 50/50. Who's going to win this governing body very similar records just one defeat each look at the power of Milas and think you know will that be the difference here? 15 inside the distance. There's a real confidence in that side. &gt;&gt; There's a very good amateur Charlotte but a nice start from Mash who arguably has scored at the higher level even though it is surely with that European opportunity. Look at this for well no feeling out process here. Wow from the old Barry Jones. &gt;&gt; The way you lean back on the rope there is like impossible but a really lovely shot there. Not a lot of it. Not not a lot on it but really clean work there. I mean that's a good shot from the long hook. Oh big of a minute 15. It sort of burns away. These two want to make a statement on a big night for German boxing. &gt;&gt; Char off the roof. Just need to throw another one to get himself back into the center of the ring. Sher back into the second round. Just felt the power there. And Granite Charlotte who's not on paper the bigger puncher. I'd like to see Charlotte just roll the dice a little bit more with that right hand of his tend to head off to the left and really sling it in. He's coach a little bit proactive. So he's coping it quite well but quite often he's given the impression that he actually saw the ring even though he's like landing a clean shot there from the Croatian &gt;&gt; and the only backped was to Charlotte the German getting that jab working. Such a potent weapon for a heavyweight. There's another couple of question marks as well. Has he felt the power of me as you know it doesn't look like he's a huge puncher but you look at the record there are 15 knockouts now at a level yes but still you can feel him has that stopped him throwing also when he is on his toes and he has got that little spring he has made Charlotte fall short with his shots good hands earlier Sha not as evident now nice jab from Mash and again crossing the fight now for Crow &gt;&gt; I also think heavyweights in general when they got when they got the That's a constantly moving target. I think it tires it. So they have to think more, constantly thinking like at a much higher level all the time to lose it. I &gt;&gt; I think I just have Mash in front of him being honest. But it wouldn't surprise me I would see this. I think the scorecard could be all over the place. A lot of close rounds. Um really really hard fight to score. &gt;&gt; He's responded well here. I mean that's after that last round. That was a nice right hand. You got to be, you know, so frustrated if you're part of team Charlotte that he hasn't built on that previous round. Another concern is the the shorts of me. They look like they're coming with responsible for me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, both shots and some blood to the nose of me. That's a very good shot. Nice work from decent defense. &gt;&gt; Certainly got that second wind. And back he comes again. Finishes. I don't know. It's It's a tough one, isn't it? We might have a very different set of cards. Remember, we're in Germany. It's great crowd. The 29year-old looking for his 19th win. IF International Heavyweight title. Pet has been busy. He's worked hard here. He has a better cleaner shot over the course of the fight. Who deserves to win it? It was a great first round, wasn't it? dramatically cover. HE'S TIRED TOO. HE LOOKS LIKE HE'S GOING to be close. HE'S GOING SO STEADY. THE REFEREE'S GIVING HIM EVERY SINGLE CHANCE. BUT HERE COMES the He's got so much time. second time and he won't recover from this. Peter finishes might as well start CELEBRATING cannot continue fighting REFEREE STOP THE FIGHT IN THE RING. OH MY WORD IS SO ANNOYED with himself. But Petas gets the WIN OF HIS CAREER IN A DRAMATIC 10TH ROUND STOPPAGE TO SILENCE THE CROWD HERE IN GERMANY. WHO'S THERE to look after fighters as well and that right hand was the beginning. It's lovely. He finished the combination with that right hook and he was done there Chara. He was so unsteady when he got to his feet. But look at the work again. really really impressive combination finishing that shot so well. Turning that elbow up, really getting full leverage, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; And you know what? It's always lovely getting a stoppage close to the end of the fight in the final round is fantastic. It shows that you prepared well and your fitness, your tank is there. But look at the shots just raining in &gt;&gt; from step in anytime here ref even I didn't see that live. did what Chris did with Henry. He said knock out IBF International.