Kind: captions Language: en So keep it clean, girls. Obey my instructions at all times. I've asked you to break. You stop boxing. Take a big step back. Most important, protect yourself all times. No touchc there. Just tipping the legs cuz she jab upwards with that left hand there. M. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice left hook from Mac. She'd like to be fighting for a British title of some sort of title at the end of 2026. &gt;&gt; Good right hand there from Dud. I feel that will be her key to success here. Keep it nice and straight. Quite exchanging with Macan. Good footwork from Dud &gt;&gt; again. See, she's just throwing the jab. So, she's looking for the big shot. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice work. One, two left from Macan. Looking for that right screw shot as well. Just leaning back on the shot. Very talented Puerto Rican by Kira Tapia 2024. She was steadily around Dudik, but a good performance showed how tough she is. She's showing us that toughness this evening. Physically very strong, isn't she? &gt;&gt; Yeah, she is. Yeah. Real intimidating. Right hand over the top. She's got to be more disciplined with that lead hand position. Dudek can't afford to be taking too many left. Another right hand for Mac. She's holding on desperately. Dude, quality work. The left foot was with that right hand was right on the button there from Macan. Really good shot. suffocating the space working. This is good tempo. This is really going through the gears, Barry. &gt;&gt; But the rhythm and her work there was fantastic. Just boom, boom, boom. Really good stuff. &gt;&gt; That slightly, do that. That right hand needs to regroup here. Needs to find something. Needs to get behind the jab. That's better. Needs to hold her feet here. Just getting bullied far too easy. &gt;&gt; You got a jab to to slow them down, to make them think, to disguise your shot. and she's done it at times and and constantly moving target before she gets close to exposing to a combination. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the pressure constant from Macan. Yeah, I'm 35 now. So, she want to get a wrigle on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but 35 in the women's game is not the same. I don't think &gt;&gt; the age was better than switching out for them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's been a good art in this left to finish the contest. She was buzzing to to get back in action, look better. And she's just looking at us here at the commentary desk and saying better. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of action here at Noddingham, we go to referee Peter McCormack. Scorecard. It reads 60- 55 for your winner. She's still undefeated. before Molly Man. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Molly Macan goes to 3 and0 as a professional and a very good performance against a good opponent in Vieta Dudek, the Hungarian who can move, she can navigate herself, two wins, but Molly McCann very good there. Very aggressive, very strong.