Kind: captions Language: en Okay, girls, both know the rules. Want you to obey my commands. Tell you to break, break clean, defend yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Wow, what an entrance. Feels like a real happening. Feels like a main event here on Mury's side, but we've still got Ben Whitaker to come. This is meatball Molly Macan supported by top musician Jamie Webster, by Patty the Batty in the front row and by most of Liverpool in the blue Everton colors designed by Suzie Wong especially for this occasion. Johnson being beckoned in by a corner. Big left clumping hurt but walks into an uppercut as the two of them go at it right in the middle of the ring. And the fans are going to enjoy this. I think he's Ashley Johnson who's younger at 29. She's got a three and three record, 48 rounds of professional experience. So more than picking her punches really well as the present. Yeah, there's nothing wrong with the desire of Johnson. It's more the tactics right now. She's walking in, letting shots go, missing a target more often than not, and getting countered. Yeah, fluidity from Macan who's utilizing the ring well partially blocked the defense but they are squeaking through but she is hard as nails and she'll keep coming as she as she's walking into punches AND THE CHAR amateur boxer but of course went into MMA UFC star and now wants to win a world title as a pro Johnson really fiery and Mac. But Mac doing the cleaner work and she's won the first two. She's an entrepreneur, but she's a fighter through and through. So too is Ashley Johnson. A good shot there from that little hook on the spin and the movement up the ropes as well. I mean, that's the difference. The sharpness out the in when it's out the range here. You can see those shots clearer. Johnson just needs to get a little bit cuter, quicker on the target. I mean if she get a big shot coming forward this is a tight fight but at the minute she's walking on to some beautiful shots here from Mac Johnson started the body attack she then did a lovely trick to the body and then you know follow suit with probably the better work and more sustain from the attack we did see that bring the best out I think she has and I think a lot of times she's leading defense first Molly and I think that's where she's getting her success from she's either touching the first base first base sorry or looking to move her shoulders that never broke &gt;&gt; a mark on a foreigner. That's a well groin but man box it so well tonight. &gt;&gt; Shot there from Mac and Johnson just walked through it and pushed her back &gt;&gt; again. Looking to switch upstairs to downstairs. And I think she's having a lot of success when she's doing it. When she's touching upstairs, she's making Johnson lift her hands up and she's finding the body shots. Good work. &gt;&gt; Lovely harvest back on jumping over there. Lovely. Right hand back from Johnson and reminded of Macan that it's getting serious now. THIS BOXING business and she really wants this. Ashley Johnson TURNS SOUTH FOR Mac tries something different. Good round of boxing. This &gt;&gt; shook Ashley Johnson up a little bit but very very tough. Still she comes forward letting her own shots go. Lovely sweeping right hand there by &gt;&gt; I mean she was good against Kate Romesker in Belfast Emily Cotton Bata Dudek but there's something tonight maybe it's the &gt;&gt; the quality the the opposition has just brought the best out of her &gt;&gt; finding a way in and a lot of the times finding a way out but what I think she's enjoyed is she really hasn't gone to go looking for it. Here she goes unloaded on the rope. Good work from Mac. Johnson comes back looking for one BIG HOOK TO CHANGE IT. BUT THE HOOK COMES FROM MAC HEAD AND BODY. AND THIS IS mightily impressive from Meatball tonight. &gt;&gt; Body shots. That's a great one. BUT STILL JOHNSON SUCKS IT up and comes forward. What is in the water in West Wales? &gt;&gt; Make it to East Wales, mate. &gt;&gt; Good shot there from Johnson. Nice one. Look at them go. They're saying in the red corner to Johnson. She's trying ever so hard. Maybe she'll be hoping that Mac will tire late on here, but still Macau looks to prize open that guard. The combinations in quality coming from the Liverpool woman. The nose is giving her trouble as well, but still she wades forward. I think to be fair to Ashley Johnson, she was a Thai boxer back as a kid, but she only took up boxing three or four years ago. And Macan's been doing it for a long, long time. And that's the quality of pedigree. &gt;&gt; A huge embrace between the pair. It's been fought cleanly and at a hard high pace. It's been great entertainment. Molly Mac has boxed beautifully tonight in front of her home fans. &gt;&gt; There's loads of fights and Stevie Leampton made the second. Don't miss that. Ty Gallagher has been out injured, but we saw her the other day. She'll be back. &gt;&gt; Billy Scotty, of course you're the top of the tree right now. &gt;&gt; But what man has shown here is under extreme pressure, she can keep her boxing together. Oh, &gt;&gt; good work from MAN LATE ON STARTING &gt;&gt; this fight so well and finishing it with a flourish. Last 10 seconds. Meet more Molly Mac has been brilliant tonight. Credit to Ashley Johnson. A brave stubborn performance, BUT SHE CAN RAISE HER ARM in the air. It's been a happy homecoming and a sweet success for Molly Man. Absolutely electric. Ladies and gentlemen, after eight rounds of action here in Liverpool, we go to referee Mark L. Scorecard. It reads 78-74 for your winner. She's still undefeated Meatball Molly Mccan.