Kind: captions Language: en Moses still unbeaten. A few more rounds which everyone wanted Moses but still unbeaten and a fantastic shot to finish proceedings here in Manchester. No, thank you very much. Listen, I want to say thank you very much for the great Manchester crowd. I've had a lovely time here, man. Man, I'm I'm I'm happy to get the win. Um, &gt;&gt; the Lord is good. &gt;&gt; Um, I've enjoyed my stay in Manchester. This is actually where I won my first ever national title. So, we come here, bro. What's that? 7 years later, I'm picking up a win against Jermaine Franklin. I've done something that other British heavyweights that gone on to achieve great things didn't do. So, I got to give thanks to the most high. And I got to thank Jermaine Franklin as well for giving me this opportunity because it takes two to tango. So I'm appreciative, man. Thank you very much, everyone. How did you find it in there, Moses? Your last few fights haven't gone very very long. The last one when only went a minute or so. How did you find it in there going a few rounds with a guy that's never been stopped, a guy that came to fight a game, a guy that was throwing hands with you as well? Oh man, I don't know what to say. The Lord is good, huh? He um listen I tried to knock him out in the first to second round trying to win some few people some dough but um I just feel like ah maybe not today. So I went back to the basics switch it uh go down to the body down to the body and then the knockout just came. So it's not the shots that you load up with but it's the shot that you don't see. We've not seen you in the ring for a while. The last time was August Riad Saudi Arabia. This must feel good to be back in the ring, to be back in the UK where you're going to grow and grow and grow and eventually get to a stadium fight. It must feel good to fight in front of your fans. Um, listen, when I first turned professional, I didn't think I mean, I thought I was able to win titles, but I didn't think that it's going to be so soon. So, um, I'm just a young boy chasing a dream and we're chasing this dream with you and it's good to follow it. When you knock out someone that's never been stopped before, Moses, you know what's going to happen? You know what people are going to start to say? Who next? That's why I'm in the ring to ask you, Moses, Francis, Frank, and everyone can gather. We can all gather around the table here. &gt;&gt; Who's next? Who's next? &gt;&gt; Who is next? Frank or Moses? Anyone can answer this question because they want to see something big. They You You've got the whole stable, Frank. Who next for this young man? He'll be out the game probably in July and we'll be announcing some once we sit down, we look at a few things. He's number one in the WBO. He's number one in the WBA. So, there's a lot of fights happening over the next few months and it will sort something out. Don't worry, it'll be a big big fight because he's a big big fighter, you know. So exciting. Fought a very very tough guy. Very tough guy. broke him down and did what nobody else should have been able to do. You stop him. The belts are all held up by two men, Alexander Usyk and Fabio Wardley. Fabio Ward obviously takes on Daniel Dewis here May 9th, another soldout show. Alexander Usyk's got the rest of the belts in order for this man to fight for a title. What needs to happen? Does Usyk need to vacate or do we see Moses potentially against the big man? Well, Usyk's fights in in Egypt, isn't he? In uh is it June? In June, after that fight, he'll be ordered to fight to defend his WBC title, which is against [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Cabel. And if he doesn't do that, he'll get stripped. And then the next organization will order him to defend his his belt. He's got to defend his mandatories. That's what they're all all there for to be done. So, I'm pretty confident he'll fight for the world title this year. Very confident. Moses, I know you know the lay of the land. You know who the best heavyweights are. You are one of the best heavyweights. I know you have a name, Moses. You might not want to tell me now, but I know you have a name of someone that you want to fight. Who do you want to fight next, Moses? If I'll be completely honest with you, I wanted a Herovich fight, but he's um he's boxing Dave Allen. So, I don't know. We'll go back to the drawing board, see who's there, see who's available, and be back out soon. I want to quickly bring in Francis. Francis, you've looked after this man since he since he turned pro. You must be so proud of what he's doing. Francis, I mean, he's no longer the hottest prospect in boxing cuz he's not a prospect anymore, but I think he's one of the best fighters in the sport. You must be proud of what he's done so far. Listen, my dad and it just talks about the boxing side of things. I want to talk about the man. He is such such a great guy to be around. He's a fantastic a personality and athlete and anyone you put put you know you suggest he wants to fight he goes yeah let's do it. He is an absolute advert for a professional athlete and and and and any any youngster who wants to achieve anything look at this look at Moses Talma. That's that's the model you want to follow. He's an unbelievable unbelievable young man. Unbelievable. Moses, very quickly, one more before you go. Very quickly, Moses, just before you go, very quickly to this Manchester crowd. I saw you smiling when they announced your name. What this Manchester crowd have done for you, Moses, in the last few days, you've been up here. You've enjoyed it. One quick one for your fans. Manchester, it's been a It's been a journey, man. I appreciate every single one of you who's coming out. I appreciate the support. Wasn't the first time. It's not going to be the last time. Why not Moses?