Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Let's welcome our co-main event participants. They will be competing Saturday in a schedule 10 round contest and it will be for the WBA Continental and vacant WBO Global Light Heavyweight Championships and our highly anticipated main event. 10 rounds scheduled for the WBA International and WBO Intercontinental Heavyweight Championships. Willie Hutchinson and Ezra Taylor, one that I'm sure everyone in here is looking forward to. Uh, and Willie Hutchinson, you haven't stopped smiling all week. You've talked about how this man here is easy money, money in the back, too big of a step up. Tell us how you're feeling going into Saturday. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Hello everybody. We're uh you are all looking very happy and dapper like me today. The um I'm looking forward to this fight now. the um I've I've worked very very hard and I believe it's it's it's it is easy money. It's it's easy money in the bank and I'm just looking forward to getting in there and just getting the job done to be honest with you and move on to the next one and it's lingering about too long for my likings and yeah, it's here now two days away. &gt;&gt; And Ezra, feel free to come in at any time here. Willie, you you told me last night that you're actually going to end Ezra Taylor's career, that he can't come back at 31 years old after this loss that he suffers to you. &gt;&gt; Well, it's not about losing to me. I think this man can get seriously hurt that no one can see. And time will tell on Saturday night, won't it? But I do believe he can get severely, really hurt. And he's not a young pup, is he? Man's 31 year old. I mean, if you're not getting past this, I don't unless you want to just become com and British champion or something like that, then all the best. Good luck to you. Um, but apart from that, yeah, I believe I can I will do the job on him and yeah, it's up to him if he wants to keep boxing or not. &gt;&gt; It's up to you, Ezra. What are your thoughts? &gt;&gt; Listen, I just want to give all the glory to God, man. Jesus loves me and my team. I want to say thank you to Frank, George, Lee, everyone who's helped make this happen. Um, I'll be honest, man. It's not about him anymore, man. It's about me. I put myself through hell. I go through darkness, uncomfortability, sacrifices, and this man essentially is trying to take that away from me. The reward that I deserve, the win that I deserve, you're trying to take that away from me. And that can't happen in the world that we live in, the air that we breathe. That can't happen. I've worked way too hard. Me and my team sacrificed way too much. And I'm here not to just become a world champion. and I'm here to be the best in the world, you know. Um, and I stand on it. And on Saturday, you'll see glimpses of why I say this as well. &gt;&gt; One of the things that Willie Hutchinson has said in the buildup to this is that he boxes to find peace. That's where he feels most at peace. Will he find peace in the ring with you on Saturday night? &gt;&gt; It's going to be quite the opposite, unfortunately. Quite the contrary. It doesn't really make any sense to try fight for peace in that sense. That's why a war doesn't make sense. Dev, &gt;&gt; I'm peace now. If you want to know the honest truth, I'm calm, cool, and collective. And to be honest with you, I'm still searching for more of it because I can't get enough of it. Because as we all know, I'm a I'm a very extreme person, aren't I? So, I've got to keep keep good. And you're right. That's exactly what I am searching for. I'm searching for peace and happiness. This man will bring it to me on Saturday night. I'll be very happy. and I can get myself home to me little baby that I've never seen in 6 weeks. That was um I was there when she was born and I had to leave for camp. I was gone 4 days 5 days after she was born. I've never seen her since. So, he's talking about sacrifices and all that. This man hasn't got a clue, man. This man's training for half an hour away from wherever he lives. They ain't got a clue. He's talking about um I don't know darknesses and this and what do you know about darknesses and this and that? Let's be completely honest. Listen, I wish you all the best. I I hope you every you both come out healthy and well, but you're all getting your ass whipsy bass. &gt;&gt; You see what this is? I just feel like this is &gt;&gt; I just feel like this boy's unsettled, man. And I've got to call him my boy at this point. Look, shouting smile. &gt;&gt; What this? Like, you know, one of those Christmas movies you watch back in the day. It feel like he just should be in it. He's just he's something different. But like I said, it's not really about him. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Dev, I'm about Yeah, it's about me and I've been doing my thing. &gt;&gt; Different. &gt;&gt; He thinks he's the real deal. And if he was the real deal, he wouldn't be fighting me. &gt;&gt; The difference is I don't think I know it. &gt;&gt; It doesn't make any sense cuz why you here? You shouldn't be fighting me, brother. &gt;&gt; You shouldn't be fighting me. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; I'm on my way up. You're on your way down. You shouldn't. If you was the real deal and you say you was where I was. &gt;&gt; How can I do the maths? You shouldn't be here. &gt;&gt; I'm 27 years old. I'm absolutely handsome. I'm in the prime of me life. I've got muscles and Brussels pumping out me body. I've never looked as good in me life. I'm ready to rock and roll. Let's go, baby. Show me the money. I ain't got nothing more to say on that, man. I'm done. I ain't got time for that. If I could drop this mic, I would. But I don't want to damage equipment. But listen, I've been putting in mad work. Um I really go through this, man. I really live this lifestyle, you I'm on a search for He's on a He's on a search for peace. I'm on a search for finding more discipline. Trying to live my life like a professional. That's what we call ourselves over here, &gt;&gt; the professionals. And we've been doing everything. And on Saturday, you'll see a professional performance as well. Can I say one more thing? &gt;&gt; Go for it. &gt;&gt; And and everyone remember this. This man asked for this. I never asked for it. He's the only person at the time that we could fight on that date. Let's all remember it. And he asked for me. &gt;&gt; So, his dad or his uncle or whatever he is over there. I ain't got a clue either. All I'm saying is &gt;&gt; but I don't wish no armed to you and let's have a good good night. Moses, 21 years old, anointed already as a future king of the division, taking on Germaine Franklin. A very stern, well, people are calling him the test. And I'm going to start with that. I'm going to start with you, Jermaine Franklin, because that's been the narrative going into this fight. Every time people ask you questions, it's about can you take him rounds? How do you feel about being his test? How's that made you feel going into Saturday night? &gt;&gt; I mean, I feel disrespected by it, but you know, it's part of the game. I'm used to the politics. I'm used to the tricks everybody does. So, you know, I'm just ready to fight. &gt;&gt; And Moses, I mean, for such a long time now, you've just been scheduled to fight Germaine Franklin. How has it been in the buildup for you? Because you get asked about every other heavyweight and you've still got to focus on this man on Saturday. &gt;&gt; Uh to be honest, I've been turning the questions down when they keep asking me about other heavyweights because I have a serious serious opponent in Jermaine Franklin. Um we've asked for this fight, what's it like a year and a half or something like that. So, um now we got it. I feel like this is like the kind of final piece to the puzzle. Um, there's kind of there's questions that that my team want to know about me. There's questions that I want to know about myself. And I'm sure that there's a lot of questions that the fan wants to know about me as well. So, um, I feel like Jermaine Franklin is the final piece of the puzzle. So, um, when I get asked about other um other fighters, that's that's not going to happen if I don't get through Jermaine Franklin. So, this is a serious fight and um I'm looking forward to it, but I'm very I'm very very disappointed that I can't watch um Willie versus Ezra because this it seems exciting. Listen, the past the past and the future doesn't exist. It's only the present. And um as of right now, in the present, it looks like I'm doing my thing. So, um, when I when when them comparisons are being made, it puts a lot of pressures on my shoulder, but I guess it's necessary. I'm pretty sure when Messi and Ronaldo were going through their little stages in their career, they felt the same way. So, um, I have to kind of push it to one side and do my thing. &gt;&gt; Are you team Messi or team Ronaldo? &gt;&gt; Ronaldo. &gt;&gt; Ezio from Ezie Talk Sports. Moses, you have a lot of expectations on you. You know, even in this fight, people talking about, you know, you need to get him out in the first half of the fight. Do you like the fact that, you know, everyone rates you so highly, everyone expects so much from you, or would you rather just people just kind of let you do your thing? &gt;&gt; I'd rather be the underdog of a fight. Um, I'd rather be the underdog, but it's um I I asked for it. Obviously, I can't put the performances on that I have and not expect people to have such high expectations of me. So, I've asked for it. Would I like to live in a different world? Probably. But, um, it's necessary. It's necessary pressure. &gt;&gt; And secondly, you said against Dillian White, you looked in his eyes and you wanted to see if he was a wolf or a sheep. You've I'm not sure if you had the chance to look in Jermaine Franklin's eyes, but what have you seen? Do &gt;&gt; you know what? I'm going to be completely honest. I see I see more in Jermaine Franklin's eyes than I've seen in a lot of proven for my my previous opponents. So, um so I know he's ready and um I want to be there. &gt;&gt; Um Jermaine, what do you think about people saying that Moses has taken this fight to see if he can stop you because you haven't been stopped and that's the reason why this fight's happening. &gt;&gt; I mean, people going to feel how they feel, you know. Um, people can have their own opinions or whatever, but you know, I I know what I come to do. I know what I can do. So, I'm not too much worried about how people feel or their opinions. &gt;&gt; Where does Moses rank in the opponents before you fought him that you've already fought, Joshua, Dylan White, etc.? &gt;&gt; I mean, he he's ranked up there. He's he's ranked top in the division, so you know, um, he's he's a top ranked opponent. &gt;&gt; What's going to happen in there on Saturday night? a masterclass of boxing performance &gt;&gt; and Jermaine yourself. What's going to happen in there on Saturday? &gt;&gt; A war. &gt;&gt; I'm prepared for any day. &gt;&gt; Look at the size of them for light heavyweights. &gt;&gt; I mean, what's happened to everyone? Everybody just grow a few inches. &gt;&gt; Challenger will be the train Hutchinson versus the defending champion Ezra the Taylor. Both men look in good shape. &gt;&gt; Championship. &gt;&gt; It's the challenger, the 989 assassin, Germaine Franklin versus the defending champion, Moses. &gt;&gt; There's so much I'm looking forward to. As soon as that first bell sounds, who's going to hold the center of the ring? Who's got the quicker hands? Who's going to land that first EV