Kind: captions Language: en [music] Wow, look at all that gold. In the end, that man there that you see on the screen, maybe the pound-for-pound king, Na Inoua, got the job done. He even got another special ring magazine belt. Not that he needs any more belts. That man there who invited into the ring just to give a handshake, you know. Uh uh I like I like a little bit of competition between the two. But it will be a battle I think with those two for the next year as to who reigns supreme in boxing. Alexander Usyk and Noi Inu. [music] Fantastic from Anua this evening. All right. Welcome to Beyond the Bell. Myself, Adipo, Amir Khan, Darren Barker. Um I I think that was an elite performance. I know he was upset in the ring after. Maybe because it is the first time in a long time that he's done backto-back decisions, but that was still perfect from Manu. &gt;&gt; What were you apologizing for? It's ridiculous. I mean, we'll appreciate this. You know, that that was punch perfect. It really was. Um, &gt;&gt; he fought there's not often when you're fighting at this level that you get to cruise &gt;&gt; to victory. You know, he had the ability if he wanted to to go through the gears, and I think that's what he's apologizing about. But I enjoyed that. I really did. The the attacks to the body were class, the jab, everything he done was was switched off. There was a few moments that he switched off and Picasso was able to land a couple of shots, but for me, that was the masterpiece. Uh we were we were assuming or asking could Picasso find but it wasn't. It was on the flip side the champion reigns supreme and it was a very good performance. &gt;&gt; Yeah and in the end of the day I mean I mean let's not forget Picasso is an unbeaten fighter who was worthy of this opportunity and he tried he was game but every time he threw one or two Inu came back with fours and fives and sixes. &gt;&gt; Yeah credit goes to Picasso for putting a great show on. Uh he pushed him he pushed you know back at times but he knew he was just too good. I mean he was too classy. He was sharp. He them body shots head shots. I mean he was just beating him to every punch. &gt;&gt; Almost like a body stab isn't it? He really really puts a lot of weight into those body shots. &gt;&gt; We were sat wing side and we can hear the noise of them punches and I I was telling you wow did he hear that noise? [music] I mean he has power, he has speed, movement, you name it. But I just feel that Picasso just fell short this time. He he did a great he did a great job though. Honestly, when you look at the fight, he he did not give up. Every minute of the fight, he was still there in front of him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You wonder if Picasso, [music] if that's any other super bantamweight not named in a way, you wonder if Picasso maybe would have got his hand raised cuz he did look really good in there. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Aaron. &gt;&gt; And there was there was moments you felt he was trying to grow into the contest, but it was just the class and the [music] level of in a way that just stopped his man building any momentum. But against anyone else, you feel Yeah. It could have been a real hard night's work. I [music] don't want to discredit anything that Picasso has done there. He tried. He dared to be great. He was just in there with a an elite a level fight alert. It just didn't have the the one punch power cuz he's delivered a nice left hook there. And look again, I said it with Nakatani. You're always learning still with 31 bouts [music] under your uh under your you know in your career. You're still having to learn. And there's a couple of moments there where he took a couple of silly shots, but [music] generally that was a fantastic performance. I want to stick with you Darren. Obviously the co-main event was Nakatani versus Sebastian Hernandez and Hernandez I thought did really well. I thought maybe unlucky not to get the W. &gt;&gt; Did we see enough from Nakatani to make you really want the Inua fight next? Look, I feel he's had an off night there. I don't want to take anything away from Sebastian Hernandez who fought his heart out. He really did. The second half of the fight was fantastic. [music] He was a man possessed. He just did not stop coming. Look at the volume. I mean, look, first off, I I was saying in commentary, you felt Nakatani could do this all night long. He was not having to exaggerate the movement, just had a nice spring in his step, moving when he wanted to. But then you thought, hold on, this is really good educated pressure from Hernandez, somebody who was sort of coming into the fight with [music] probably gaps in his mental sort of [music] belief, if you like, but sort of really started to get a foothold in the contest and landing some really good shots. My issue here with this performance from Nakatani is has Sebastian Hernandez kind of just shown us the blueprint in how to beat Nakatani. If you can take a good shot and you're fit as a fiddle, can you have success against a very good fighter, a freeweight world champion? And he did. He had loads of success. And as you say, look, 115, 113 either way, probably fair. I wouldn't scream and shout robbery, but my gut was with you, Adi. He looked unlucky. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I thought Hernandez unlucky. The 118 110 scorecard there, ridiculous. And it wasn't a reflection of the fight. And we do wonder if we will see that [music] super fight. I think people will still want it. So, it probably will happen. Look, our commentary team was [music] fantastic tonight. Darren Barker was alongside Mike Coppinger and Cory Odman. We can go ringside to those guys now. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much, A. Yeah, what a a treat to be ringside again to see now Inaway live and in the fletch. And like we just talked about Mike, I mean nothing for in a way to apologize for, but when when you get those elite operators in anything in life, they are perfectionists as you said on the air. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Again, that's what makes Noia in no way so great. You know, he's so disappointed he didn't get the knockout, but we're not disappointed at It was an honor to watch him ringside. And again, there's no layer into his game that is not at the very top of the sport. The head movement, the angles, the punch output, the hand speed. So, I can't wait to see more of him, whether it's against Nakatani or really anybody. &gt;&gt; Yeah, as we said earlier in the broadcast, he just doesn't have to negotiate between anything when he puts his strategy together in the ring. And I think we have to resist that urge sometimes of boiling every fight down to a referendum based on whether there was a knockout or not. There was a double tough guy in there and Alain Picasso who didn't give him a lot of openings but in a way did exactly what he wanted to do seemingly every moment of that fight. &gt;&gt; No question. And I want to do give credit to Picasso because you know there are no losers in this fight really. Even though it's an official loser, this is the rare opportunity, rare time, I think, even though I had it a shut out where I was impressed by Picasso and I think he beats a lot of fighters. And again, like I said on ringside, I want to see Picasso against Sebastian Hernandez. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, why not, right? Put those two together because the expectation still, I would assume, Mike, is that Inaway and Nakatani will face off in May. Of course, Nakatani has to wait for that eye to heal as well. I'll be interested to see how much damage was done in that one, but I think we can comfortably start looking ahead towards that fight. And do you think maybe some of the aura around Nakatani has kind of been scrubbed off after that performance against Hernandez? &gt;&gt; You have to say that it has, Cory. You know, all of us going in thought that Nakatani was going to win going away. He was a massive favorite. And again, Hernandez shows us why you fight the fights. I had it a draw. Could have went either way. Um, Nakatani though, weight classes exist for a reason and [music] the size and power he had at 118 and 115 and below didn't really show tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. And and we're looking uh we looked a moment ago there at the uh the tail of the tape and you know, we thought that Nakatani and he did. He grew into 122, but as you just pointed out, maybe that physicality uh that way that he was able to bully fighters at lower weight classes, it's possible he can't quite do that anymore, &gt;&gt; right? And also there's also the possibility, right, that Sebastian Hernandez just happens to be a really good fighter. We don't know yet. We need more of a sample size. That was his first time fighting on this level. &gt;&gt; Uh, however, let's keep Sebastian Hernandez on my television screen as often as possible. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. All right, let's send it back up to Ad and the bunch. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much, guys. Again, fantastic job on coms. Great to work with you guys uh today. Let's close this one out. There was a lot of conversation about Inua whether or not if he won today, could he oust Terrence Crawford from the fighter of the year spot. Crawford obviously going up so much weight to beat Canelo. Four fights versus a super fight. What do you say? &gt;&gt; The the the bigger win obviously was against Canelo without a shadow of a doubt. But I I'm just going for activity there. I'm going for the four fights. I I think the way he's just capped off a brilliant year in style wins it for me. But I I can see why somebody would say that one significant fight over Canelo that win and the way he's just sailed off into the sunset retired. N no no no I'm I'm saying he's completed boxing there but this man's not going far from completing it too. &gt;&gt; By the way fans have voted in fight of the night. No surprise there even though there was a couple of other good performances as well. I'll ask you the same question. You've gone up and wait. You know how difficult it is. cuz you also know how difficult it is to have several fights in a year, championship fights. Which one takes it for you, Inu or Crawford? &gt;&gt; It's a hard one because look, I I like Crawford the way the way he fights. Obviously going up and down weight divisions, fighting the best pound-for-pound guys, beating them and making it look very easy. Uh especially the last fight against Canelo. Canelo obviously was a lot of people thought he was going to destroy uh Crawford, but it was the opposite that happened. But in this for this fight &gt;&gt; for the bat. I knew there was going to be a butt coming. &gt;&gt; But this fight this fight was amazing. I mean I have just become a massive fan of Reui. I think wow punch perfect speed power side wing side. I can hear them heavy shots landing but he was so calm as well while he was in the ring. Calm and just like at ease like when he wanted to up the game he'd up it. You know what I mean? So he was in control of the whole fight from start to finish. When it comes down to pound for pound who the number one is. &gt;&gt; Here we go. I was just say he's sitting on the fence here. &gt;&gt; Wait, he's sitting on the fence. I'm not going to sit on the fence. I think I don't want to say it because don't want the other side to get upset. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's close and I mean that's why &gt;&gt; it's close. What we get 50/50 on the do that it's almost 1 A 1B as opposed to one and two. Um it's been an incredible year in the sport of boxing. We've traveled all over the world. We've been to Saudi Arabia so many times. We've been to America. There's been big fights in the UK. 2026 is going to be good, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Living [music] the dream. We're living the dream out. It really is special. It really is and we got so much to look forward to. Starts off 10 for Jan. Can't wait. We got this actually first next Saturday. Incredible. &gt;&gt; But at the same time, I think we got the dream team now. Ori 26 is going to be &gt;&gt; it is. But by the way, very quickly on Amanda Serrano, it's so good to see her back so quickly after that fight against Katy Taylor. Her versus Tles who's a puncher next Saturday coming up on the zone. It doesn't stop, which is what we're trying to get at here. Every time you think there's a break, there isn't cuz there's more boxing. There is more boxing. &gt;&gt; We love it. Can't get enough of it. Can't wait as well. Can't wait. Amir, thank you very much for joining us. Thank you much for dressing for the occasion. Darren Barker, always smart from top to bottom. Thank you as well to all of you that have tuned in. You look good as well. I do try. You did a little double [laughter] breasted. I do try now and again, you know, to put it together. But it was great, I think, to see the great No Inu. And hopefully we do see that super fight against Nakatani next year. Have a good New Year and we'll see you in 2026. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Hey, [music] hey, hey. On [music] [music] stuck on [music]