Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; We had it in the northeast last week and now in Liverpool and as Paul Smith was saying, Mercury side expects undefeated Nick Ball defending his world featherweight crown against a very very good Brandon Figareroa. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm happy with your waistbands. So keep your punches off the shorts. If a call break, I expect to take one step back. Don't throw any deliberate punches around the back of the head. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Go lads. &gt;&gt; An awesome atmosphere on the banks of the Mury. Serious World title tilts already in 2026 and we've hardly got going. So much ahead on his own. Dortmund Smith victory in New York. Jazza Dickens, Josh Kelly, Fabio Warley, and Lewis Crocker will all look to cement their reputations as our British world champions this year. Now, Nick B's homecoming, the likely and lively Liverpian trying to defend his featherweight belt against the mandatory challenger, this Southpaw tall 7in reach advantage, switches styles, calls himself the Heartbreaker, never been stopped. Two-weight champion Brandon Figueroa. This is boxing at its best. &gt;&gt; Both naturally want to get stuck in. Both have that fire aggression. BOTH REALLY PUT THE SHOT TOGETHER. LOVELY. What an uppercut FROM NICK B. &gt;&gt; BEAUTIFUL SHOT FROM BALL AND THAT was the one that they would have worked on time and time again. He switches southpaw now. &gt;&gt; See they they vigor can switch and usually he goes so far when he gets you on the ropes. I mean they've done that I think trying to take away that leaping left hand there of ball but all it did exactly is Paul changed the angle and punched right through the middle of the gap there &gt;&gt; trying to work the body and that's normally where Fingera goes if he can reach balls compact 5'2 in frame when he destroyed Lewis that's what Figureroa had tried he's walking into these uppercuts but what people love about the heartbreaker is that he's all action &gt;&gt; I tell you what he's been fired up all week really full of self-belief and that he just you can see he wants to burst into life. &gt;&gt; Good combination from ball to head and body but Figueroa not going anywhere and swiping in body shots. &gt;&gt; Good uppercut there from Baldo. I think that might be the difference. We felt that before the fight just know if he is a bit jaded Figaroa the speed of Bald throwing combination that might be the difference. Nice fast one two again there from ball and then just out the distance again. Yeah, it was quick hands, wasn't it? Really sharp. &gt;&gt; Didn't exaggerate or load up. That's nice. Took his head off the the line there and threw a nice left hand. Really, really good start for sure. Cuz this will, I'm telling you, as these rounds progress and move forward, it's going to get hard. It's going to get dark &gt;&gt; from Figaroa there. Manny Robles is very experienced, excellent corner, happy with it. Ball comes back, body, then head. Now Figareroa's turn. Here we go, guys. Fourth round and it's really heating up. &gt;&gt; The interesting fivo a hard fight like this ball engages the legs cuz he dips low and he pushes which is the right thing to do to get more speed on his work but he he might waste more energy than Figaro. So down the stretch that'll be interesting how that plays out that stamina issue. &gt;&gt; Barry through almost five rounds. Do you think Figaro is still as quick as he once was? &gt;&gt; I don't think he is. No, but I think ball's right in front of him. So he yet all he got to do is fire back in. No, he's just got to throw straight shots right where he is. Ball's not really pivoting around the round around the outside and certainly not changing the angle. &gt;&gt; Browns there. Punches landed. &gt;&gt; Throw from Paul. There's the &gt;&gt; a good ratio. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look 100 more thrown. As we say, quality over quantity for ball. It's the quality. Not the judges seeing that or the work rate of Brandon Figarero who comes again with these slicing left hooks and he's not going anywhere the American. But back comes B digging in and this is the catch of the fight he likes where he normally gets a second wind. That was a lovely flurry from B. But back come Figaroa for real meaning and menace. &gt;&gt; Well, it's two honest professionals at the top of their game. A hard fight. These are guys that are are great for boxing. Nick works really hard to promote the city of Liverpool. Brandon Figueroa helps out the kids back home in Texas. And the respect that they have being earned from the fans tonight is that they're giving us a real engaging affair. &gt;&gt; Got to say stay defensively sound. Doing some good work here, Paul, but I just think he's popping a little bit. That's better. &gt;&gt; Good work from Ball. Figuroa switching stances, walking into shots here. &gt;&gt; He had a good start to the round there, Figareroa. Not just waiting too long to let his hands go this last 20, 30 seconds. Every round here crucial in such a close fight. Remember Nick B, a fourth successive defense beats John Conte's record. Six British world champions at the moment. Can Bull cling onto his belt? Good work from Figareroa. I've been impressed by the way he's just had this nonstop belief in himself. Brandon Figareroa speed of ball. &gt;&gt; Good work. &gt;&gt; 20 seconds to go in the 11. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. I I I I sort of agree with that, but I also think that the first 40 seconds of the run was all Figareroa for me. And I just think, you know, you take the whole round into play. I mean, and it makes it a hal to score, I think. &gt;&gt; How close is this? A few worried looks around the front row over there. The Nick Moore support team. Pigaroa could be 3 minutes away from just taking it back to Texas. A fabulous encounter as we expected. Live on the zone, THE HOME OF BOXING. BRANDON FINGER is going to put his foot TO THE PEDAL. OH, HE KNOWS IN THE FINAL ROUND GET UP FROM THIS. He bravely GETS TO HIS FEET. STEVE GRAY WILL GIVE HIM EVERY CHANCE. HE IS THE WORLD CHAMPION. BUT THERE'S SO MUCH TIME LEFT IN THE ROUND AND BRANDON TIGAROA. HE'S GOING TO TAKE NICK B OUT HERE. HE'S THROUGH THE ROPES. FIGAREROA HAS WON THE WORLD FEATHERWEIGHT TITLE ALL OVER AGAIN. MANNY ROBLES LIKE HE DID WITH ANDY RUIZ IS IN THE CORNER. IT'S AN UPSET HERE IN LIVERPOOL AS NICK PAUL LOSES FOR THE FIRST time in his life in a late drama. And there's just a tensions in the ring because Figaro was celebrating. Well, I think Nick B just needs some medical attention. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, what a way &gt;&gt; to win a world title in the away fighter backyard. Landing a heavy shot like that. Thunderous left hand, Barry. &gt;&gt; And this is what makes this sport so tough because when you're when you're tired, when you're exhausted, you're given everything to throw every shot you can throw, but your vision's not quite there cuz you're tired, aren't you? you know, you're making mistakes and you just don't see the punches coming, but you got to risk it. And Ball risks it all the time. He was fantastic again tonight. So, so much toughness and know and was winning the fight for me. Only just &gt;&gt; But what what a shot from Figo to pull it out the bag in the last round. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 32 seconds of round number 12. Our referee in charge, Steve Gray, waves off the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, now a three division WORLD CHAMPION AND NEW WBA featherweight champion of the world, BRANDON, THE HEARTBREAKER, FIGENOA.