Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the official launch press conference for Glory in Giza on May 23rd of this year. Live at the Pyramids of Giza, Egypt, exclusively worldwide on the zone. Usyk versus Rico. The pyramids of Giza. Is this the best one yet? How on earth did we get here? Tell us more about it. &gt;&gt; Uh, first I want to thank everyone in attendance for coming out to support this event. I mean, this is going to be an absolute spectacle. You got the king of heavyweight boxing against the king of heavyweight kickboxing. Two legacies, two guys who are at the top of their game, one-on-one at the pyramids in Giza, Egypt. It's almost like a a fantasy that's going to come to life. &gt;&gt; Eddie Hearn. Eddie, you've worked with Alexander Rousik quite a few times as his promoter. He's broken your heart on a few occasions as well. And just choose your words carefully here cuz Rico Van's a big man and he is in touch and distance of you right now, Eddie Hearn. But what are the big questions here that you have in your mind about this matchup? &gt;&gt; Be careful, Bratton. &gt;&gt; I know. Don't forget I was in your training camp two weeks ago. Now I'm sitting next to Rico. Yes. &gt;&gt; Do you remember when Eddie Hearn said you were too small to succeed at heavyweight? I just remember. Have you taken that back now, Eddie? That statement. &gt;&gt; I don't think that was &gt;&gt; Eddie here in room. I'm very small but I beat him two times. Two times. Two times. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Eddie &gt;&gt; Alexander, it is wonderful to see you back. Oh, sorry. Go on, &gt;&gt; Eddie. Joking. &gt;&gt; He's kidding. He's kidding. It's It's wonderful to see you back, Alexander. I think the boxing world &gt;&gt; really small, but uh size doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; No, I &gt;&gt; I thought I told Yeah, it's just uh training. Her training uh and uh good pasta. &gt;&gt; Good pasta is good. Yes, good pasta. Double portion. &gt;&gt; The Rico, welcome. Big smiles from you so far since the fight has been announced. Eddie Hearn says you're crazy. I just wonder in your mind, what does all this mean to you, Rico, a man who's mastered his kickboxing craft to be sharing the boxing ring with Alexander Rousi with an opportunity for yourself, let's not forget, to become world heavyweight champion. Just tell us what this all means to you, Rico, and why. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Um, like you said, all smiles because what an opportunity we have to upset the world and write history. And exactly what Eddie said, are you crazy? I think to be the very best at what you're doing, you have to be a little bit crazy. And I think that's not just me. I think that's in every vertical and every discipline you do something, you have to be a little bit crazy. being obsessed with what you're doing. And that's what I am. What I do, I do to the point perfect. I do to perfection in my vision. I love it. I enjoy it. I do it with so much passion. And I'm crazy excited to be here and yeah, super thankful for the opportunity that uh Alexander Usyk is giving me. Like he said, he's doing something that he wants to do now and he was open to the fight. He was excited about the fight because it's something new. It's something different. We're bringing new eyeballs to combat sports in general. We're bringing we're colliding two worlds together, kickboxing and boxing to make the sport of combat even bigger. So, uh, like I said, super thankful. For a lot of people that do not know, um Jason Staithm is one of the people that initiated this uh this opportunity. So super thankful to him and of course also his excellency because uh they were talking about it and he said let's do it. And then first we got the opportunity to fight uh Anthony Joshua because of the tragic accident that got derailed and then this opportunity came uh yeah came across. So super happy and uh and thankful to be here. And I think this is a puzzle he hasn't solved yet. So I'm going to bring kickboxing angles, bring a different type of puzzle. And like I said, I'm a I'm a I'm a big unit. I'm like 125 kilos. So that is something that he's going to feel. And you have told us, Alexander, you have three fights left in the world of boxing. Starting with Rico, then you said you wanted the winner of Wardley Dubois. And then a third fight with your friend Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Okay, I don't want to call him that in case. You can call him that. I can't. I'm too scared. But in terms of what Tyson Fury has said recently about only being interested in facing Anthony Joshua, how does that affect the threeight plan for Alexander Usyk? If Tyson Fury send the fight with AJ, I do stay back and watch as a fan. Who do Who do you think wins that fight? You've botched both of them twice. You've been &gt;&gt; AJ win. It's future undisputed champion, you know. &gt;&gt; Does that make you feel pretty good, Eddie Hearn, hearing that? &gt;&gt; Amazing. The table nearly flew off. &gt;&gt; Do you accept the pressure is on you to win this fight on May the 23rd? Rico coming into your world. &gt;&gt; No, it's not pressure for me. Listen, it's just fight. is a it's a boxing fight is a is a normal uh I prepare for this fight everything okay final words then Rico to you when you land your best shot what do you believe can happen just tell the world how you believe you become world champion and become the first man in a professional ring to beat Alexander Rousi on May 23rd &gt;&gt; well when I land my best punch on him of course he will go down because it's like a 20 kilo weight difference. He's like a buildup cruiserweight. So, and I'm like a naturally born heavyweight. So, that's a big difference. So, that's what going to happen if I let my my best shot clean. Uh and if not, yeah, we're just going to win. &gt;&gt; Fascinating, wasn't it? And it is. As Oland Usyk said, it's going to be wonderful. Well, the countdown to Usyk versus Rico is officially on and the only place to watch the fight is on zone.