Kind: captions Language: en Amari Jones, five wins, four knockouts, taking on Gomez, who's 5 foot seven and 32 years old. Respect each other and respect the rules. Okay, &gt;&gt; all right. Omari Jones, you saw that sign. He's half holy, half hood. Sergio, whatever you want. The good boy or the bad boy, he's got it. He's taking on Christian Gomez, who said, "Man, I'm going to be more aggressive and go for the kill like I did earlier in my career. I'm not here to outbox anybody. I'm here to beat him up." Eight rounds. Jones and Gomez in the light middleweight division. &gt;&gt; Right off the bat, Jones crossing the center of the ring, making it seem like this is my territory. This is my ring tonight. You cannot invade my territory. Jones 6 in taller than Christian Gomez and he's also nine years younger. &gt;&gt; You know, Amari Jones came into the pro ranks with a reputation of a boxer. It's what guided him to that Olympic bronze medal, but he has shown great power early in his career. Four of his five wins have come by knockout to the point where he's surprised himself at how strong he's been in the professional race. Whenever you have length and and height and reach and patience and technique, then you can unleash that power. Most power punches in boxing are tall and lean, you know, so it's not really muscle. &gt;&gt; Note absorbing some body shots. This is not the strategy we thought we were going to see from him. He promises he was going to go from the window to the wall. Sergio, &gt;&gt; he's getting the door slam with that jab right now. Right in his face. That right hand's getting closer and closer to landing because he can't compete. Gomez cannot compete with the length and the sharp punching of Amari Jones. &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know what Gomez's game plan was coming in, but he hasn't implemented any of that. I wouldn't even call this a sparring session up to this point. This is a guy hitting a punching bag. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The one thing you thought he couldn't do is stand at range and eat punches from Amari Jones. Jones not giving him that. I don't think he's here to do anything, Sergio. I think he's here to go the full eight round distance. He told us this week he had to get on the inside. He's made no effort so far to get on the inside. &gt;&gt; Well, look, that's what I'm talking about. See that left hand? There we go. He is trying to do something. Maddox, he's catching a counter. He threw an uppercut earlier. He can't compete with the high lane speed or power of Amari Jones. So, he just has to settle for one shot. &gt;&gt; Gomez has not landed a power punch at all. And that's the that that's the beauty of of Jones. &gt;&gt; Good right hand right there by Jones. &gt;&gt; The most the the best thing I was impressed with this kid in the fighter means when we spoke to him, I told him to put these three in order. Power, technique, and speed. In your order, what's more important in the hierarchy in boxing? He said, "Speed number one, technique number two, power number three." I love hearing that from a 22-y old, &gt;&gt; excuse me, 23-y old. &gt;&gt; Well, Gomez said, "Look, I have to hurt him early, make him feel my power. I need to reduce his confidence." He has not done that at all. &gt;&gt; I wouldn't count Zoto Ramirez out. That man could take a lot of punishment and can dish it back as well. That's going to be a must-see fight made the second. &gt;&gt; Good body shot there from Laura Jones. Just keep sneaking those body shots downstairs. Get that guard down. Be able to slip that straight right hand in a few times in this round. Try to get Gomez thinking a little bit so you can open yourself up. &gt;&gt; Looks like a small cut has opened up on the left eye of Gomez. &gt;&gt; Here's Chris Mann's scorecard. Not only going to see any surprises. &gt;&gt; No. 40 to 36 in favor of Amari Jones just dominating behind that stick. Brilliant jabbing throughout the course of this fight. Isn't doing anything like he has the occasional overhand right that he tries to land but his plan as he told us was to get inside touch the body for Jones and I'd be surprised if he landed more than one or two body shots. &gt;&gt; So Mari that's actually spearing him downstairs to the gut and that's continues stopping Gomez in his track anytime he does get in that front door. That long jab, that long spear, and it's it's a sharp punch, man. That jab is very very potent by Mari Jones. There it is. And even exchanging it with a with a right hand. &gt;&gt; Could Gomez be the first to not go down? &gt;&gt; I I agree with Madx on this one. I think Omari has has controlled and softened up enough to take a little bit more chances, you know. So, go away from the when there's a simple jab on one, two, try to go around the guard with some hooks and be responsive about it because anytime you can throw a hook, you can bet is going to try to catch you with the same punch, you know, punching with you. So, check that check that and block that hook and come right back. Checking counter. &gt;&gt; And we've seen uh a diversity of Amari Jones's punches over his last few fights. He's been diligent in the gym about expanding his offensive game. His rear uppercut was a weapon for him over the last couple of fights. His body work has been effective. I'd like to see a little bit more of that as we enter this stage. This guy's got nothing for him. This guy can't hurt him. This guy can't beat him. The only question is, can Amari Jones do something spectacular with his next two rounds? &gt;&gt; Gomez is a sneaky fighter, man. 35 sneaky fighter. Hard to knock out. He throws these weird shots sometimes. YOU GOT TO BE SHARP with him. Yes, you could you could take some some chances now of your Jones, but don't don't get carried away trying to look for a knockout, trying to impress your fans either. &gt;&gt; Right there, Jones should have taken advantage of the offbalance of the heavier feet of Gomez. Anytime a hard puncher, a heavy-handed puncher misses, they're going to fall off balance. You know, they they're they're accustomed to hitting something always. take advantage anytime you have a a fighter with heavy hands and heavy feet missing. &gt;&gt; Sugar Ray Leonard, killer instinct. Joshua De La Hoya, killer instinct. You know, they did it when they had their opponents pummeled and ready to quit. Ready when, you know, be taken out of there. &gt;&gt; Out. Hey, baby. LET'S GO. I THINK OMARI Jones is comfortable with cruise control now. I don't think he's going to try TO GET THE stoppage or try to take any more chances. He knows he's in there with a tough Mexican. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after eight rounds of here at the Gre Royale Orlando, we go to the judges score totals. All three judges scored this bout identically, 80 to 72. for your winner. He's still undefeated. Omari Fer Jones. No drama for those scorecards. 80-72 as Jones approves to 6 and0.