Kind: captions Language: en We are live from Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the Montreal Casino where tonight Eye of the Tiger presents world title action as Osa Glaciius battles Pavo Silagen for the IBF super middleweight title live here on Done and on Punching Grace. &gt;&gt; Okay guys, obey my command. Protect yourself at all time. Good luck guys. Let's go. Come on. And we take a look at the tail of the tape for our opening contest. Erica Israelion, the former world youth amateur champion taking on a Franco Filera. You see Israel enjoying a height advantage here tonight. And plenty in the way of amateur experience. Just 31 amateur fights for Filera. Islan as we've talked about in the past 113 and five in the amateurs. But again, all of that mainly at the the youth and junior level as he goes to the body here in round one. &gt;&gt; He has come out with a a new determination that even we're not used to seeing from him, Cory. And we've seen him come out looking sort of like this every fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he is not allowing Fgera to move anywhere out of that corner. &gt;&gt; This is relentless stuff from Israel Yan as round two now begins. You know, and one consideration when it comes to Israel and Morgan, you know, when you see the amateur record of 113 and five and the amateur accolades, again, we have to remind ourselves that this is a 21-year-old and his achievements were still at the youth level. So, despite all of those amateur wins, this is still a young fighter in development. Starting to enjoy himself in there, just potshotting the right hand to the body. starting to hunch over just a little bit more perhaps due to &gt;&gt; that cascade of body shots. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right hand after right hand to the body. &gt;&gt; Yes. And to your point as Phil Getta lands that left hook there, but Israelen is so much faster and more advanced than anyone else Phil Getta has ever faced. At home, Phil Getta is a mainventor. Like his fight, his fights uh are the headline. And here he's at the bottom of the card. We go up now and this one will be waved off. Filgera remaining on his stool and that is the stoppage victory that Eric Israelian was craving. &gt;&gt; You receive my instruction in your dressing room. Respect my instruction all the time or respect. Protect yourself at all time. Most prote love. Good luck, guys. &gt;&gt; And we take a look at the tail of the tape for our next contest in the middleweight division. Alexander Gar and Luca Lozo. See the measurables relatively even between GMA and Lozo. Two men who have plenty of power as round one is underway. Up next, Leila Bod and Victoriaosa warming up a moment ago. THAT'S A BIG RIGHT HAND from Lozo. &gt;&gt; And GMA gets backed up. &gt;&gt; And there he is. Even though those punches didn't land, just driving Alexandon GMA straight back, &gt;&gt; which is a direction Alexand does not want to go. Top jab there from GMA. There's a hard left hook to the body and you can see a little sink in the legs of Luca Lozo momentarily. GMA in all likelihood ahead on the scorecards, but Luca Lo having his best round of the fight. &gt;&gt; That right hand again. &gt;&gt; There is the same right hand that has tortured GMA throughout this fight and as you've illustrated at various times in his career. Sweeping right hand though from Koma. &gt;&gt; Win or lose, you'd have to imagine that Lozo is going to receive some phone calls based on this performance. &gt;&gt; I mean, this is by far the most accomplished opponent Lozo has faces. &gt;&gt; LOOK AT THIS. AND DOWN GOES GOMA. HE GETS HAMMERED INTO THE MAT WITH THAT RIGHT HAND. Omar barely up at the count of nine &gt;&gt; and we are inside the final MINUTE OF THE CONTEST with Luca Lozo on the verge of a titanic upset. &gt;&gt; Right is even if GMO survives the next 46 seconds, Luca Lozo has just tilted the mathematical equation that's going to make up these scorecards. Judge Ger has it 9693. Judge LeBlan has it 9792. And Judge Roused has it 9594. All for the winner by unanimous decision. ALEX FIGHT. &gt;&gt; And we take a look at the tail of the tape for our next contest. You see the 30-year-old Leila Bod with a height and reach advantage over the 37year-old Victoriaos. really only briefly flirted with 140, but has come back down once again as Foden goes back downstairs with a nice right hand and climbs ladder with a left hook. We talk about some of the pioneers of women's boxing we've seen on these cards uh often is Mary Spencer, but tonight it's Victoria Busos who again like she is the first world champion of either gender, any gender to come from Rosario Argentina. And you can see already she's having a hard time dealing There's a good check left hook, but Bodan landed one as well. Now back comes with a nice right hand. Lea Bod's length and accuracy and aggressiveness. You see that right hand turn sideways. That was the best shot of the fight for Bod there a moment ago. 30 seconds now of round eight. And what you're seeing too now, Cory, is as Leila Bodwin is able to keep this fight at a at a distance, there's a lot less of the wrestling and the grappling and the shoulder bumping and a lot less of the ugly stuff just because Victoriaos can't get her hands on Leila Bodwin to make things ugly. &gt;&gt; Seconds remain here in round eight as Bod just follows to the ropes with a pair of right hands. 10th and final round and perhaps the last lap for a proud champion in Victoriaos. Good right hand there from Leila Bod. All three judges score the fight 100 to 90 declaring the winner by unanimous decision Leila Budwa. And we take a look at the tale of the tape. Luis Santana and Chan Thompson. You see Thompson enjoying the reach advantage here tonight. The 34year-old returning home looking to spoil the party. Or will Montreal remain Santana Town here tonight? Round one scheduled for 10. 3 seconds remaining in this round as the action has picked up. &gt;&gt; And much better round for Santana. Got much better round for Santana as he wales away to the body. &gt;&gt; Back comes Thompson with a nice body shot of his own. The intensity in this local rivalry, former amateur rivals picking up here in the second round. Really interesting fight thus far here between Santana and Thompson. I think in both corners, Morgan, both Santana and Thompson for periods of time are probably feeling like they're doing what they want to do in this fight. Thompson, of course, best known for his victory over Tyler Tomlin on Showbox a couple of years ago. Tomlin at that point was a Tennessee prospect who was getting a whole lot of buzz and Thompson flipped that into a nice little run and eventually a world rating but he just walked into a nice right hand there from Santana who now brings it downstairs. You see Thompson saying no I'm not affected AND MAYBE HE'S RIGHT. BIG RIGHT HAND FOR SANTANA. I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY, CORY, IN BETWEEN ALL THOSE PUNCHES, YOU WERE STARTING TO SEE CHAN Thompson starting to sneak some power punches in between Luis Santana's wide arcing punches. And here it came. Thompson talking to Santana's fans ringside as he goes after HIM, HUNTING FOR THE KNOCKOUT here in the fourth. Big sweeping right hand again from Thompson. Yeah, that counter right hand. Uh, for all of Luis Santana's early offense, what we're seeing in this round is Chan Thompson just getting a sense of Luis Santana's timing and really taking advantage. ALTHOUGH HE LOOKS OH, BACK UP SANTANA. THOMPSON WOBBLED BY THAT RIGHT HAND. combination there from Santana. &gt;&gt; Santana letting that right hand go now. Here's the desperation. But the clock has run out. And has the clock run out on the undefeated record of that man Luis Santana? &gt;&gt; Judge Derier has it 9594 for the winner by split decision. And now, the NABF super lightweight champion, LUIS SANTANA. Time now for our co-feature as we take a look at the tale of the tape. Arthur Blov and Jmer Espinosa. You see Espinosa enjoying the reach advantage here tonight. You see the goddy KO percentage, 94% for Espinosa. who has only won one fight by any any way other than knockout. Varselov too shabby himself. 16 knockouts in his 20 wins. &gt;&gt; You saw them trade right hands with the jab. Espinosa with the straight right hand. &gt;&gt; Arsa very deliberately almost spamming shots to the body. You heard in his corner, they're telling him, "Hey, don't even go to the head until you throw three or four shots downstairs." Round three now underway as Bears Arsenov steps to Espinosa immediately with that left hand to the body. And down goes Espinosa on a rocket of a left hand. &gt;&gt; It's interesting cuz what I wanted to see if there was a shift in the tactics from Espinosa, you heard his corner saying, "We want the left hand on the inside. Want the uppercut on the inside." So, was Espinosa going to get in into punting range? Uh, he did and he paid for it. &gt;&gt; And Espinosa is so wary of walking into that lead right hook, but he has switched. &gt;&gt; And he just stepped right in with a right hook that &gt;&gt; he has switched southpond. &gt;&gt; Yes. And it still hasn't helped him avoid the right Oh, &gt;&gt; WHAT A SHOT FROM ESPINOSA. BEARS ARSENAL IN BIG TIME TROUBLE. &gt;&gt; THIS IS THE HARDEST WE'VE EVER SEEN ARTHUR BINOV GET HIT AS A PROFESSIONAL CORE. It's the first time we've ever seen him wobble. The Arsenal in trouble here in the third round and a lot of time for Espinosa to work with. &gt;&gt; In all the years we've been watching Arthur Bears, we've been watching him since 2014. That's the first time I've ever seen him wobble. &gt;&gt; Oh, AND BACK COMES BEARS. DOWN GOES ESPINOSA. &gt;&gt; The wolf tasted his own blood and it only WET HIS APPETITE. OH MY GOODNESS, WHAT A LEFT HOOK FROM ESPINOSA. &gt;&gt; BARSOV IN TROUBLE ONCE AGAIN. &gt;&gt; That punching power is not just a function of uh racking up a bunch of knockouts early in his career against overmatched opponents. That punching power is real. &gt;&gt; Right hook THERE FROM BE ARSENAL. AND DOWN GOES Espinosa for the third time. Espinosa still digging to the body with that right hand. Probably wants or needs to do more of that, but much more easily said than done. A &gt;&gt; dangerous spot here for Espinosa. And this will be waved off. Arthur Bearsov. He had to earn that one. The 17th knockout victory in the career of Bears Lenov. A deep breath and you see the nod of acknowledgement. No protest there from Jr. Espinosa or his team. And we take a look at the tail of the tape for our main event. Oles Glacius. Pavlagen. You see the measurables in favor of El Tornado. Olays Glaciius the height and reach advantage. Can Pavl Silyagen disarm one of the most dangerous men in the 168-lb division? Round one scheduled for 12, the IBF Super Middleweight title on the line. &gt;&gt; Nice right hook there from Glaciius. &gt;&gt; So, just in the first 90 seconds of this fight, you've seen two of the big problems confronting Pavlagen. One just most recently, yes, right there, Cory, you lean into that right hand uppercut and it's trouble. in trouble here early. &gt;&gt; The legs looking shaky on Pavl Silyagen and the eye of Pavle Silyagen is blowing up in real time. &gt;&gt; When the power is not getting home, the jab is and just this idea that because he is the stylish assassin, he could outbox O Lacy Glacius. He's learning the hard way that that's not true. A sweet left hand there from Eacius. &gt;&gt; Right hook as he's leaning back. &gt;&gt; The athleticism of Eacius there. &gt;&gt; You saw Eacius sneak that right hand uppercut in. &gt;&gt; BIG loving left hand there from Eacius. You see Syagan now Cory uh thinking that he needs to stop those things. And that right there is vintage Pavlo Syagan letting his hands go the shoe shine. Unfortunately for him, most of those punches did not land, but this is the first time we've seen vintage Pavlo Silyagen tonight. &gt;&gt; Well, and this illustrates the power of a glaciius here because &gt;&gt; it's been a while since he's landed something flash that made the audience gasp. And yet look at the condition of Kyagan's face when Piglacius for him is just DOING THE BASICS. THAT IS anything but basic. That is a spectacular uppercut. &gt;&gt; Lace could never quite crack that A team alongside his friend and little bit of a hero Ron Alacius time Olympic medalist. likes that shot, that pull counter left hand ricocheting off the ropes. &gt;&gt; He followed that too with a stiff jab to the pit of the stomach. You see yet more blood coming from somewhere on Pavloagen I think &gt;&gt; courtesy of that left hand that sent blood splattering across the chest of Zilyagen. &gt;&gt; And give Syogen credit. He takes punches. He's taking punches that we've seen drop people here in this ring &gt;&gt; in frightening ways. &gt;&gt; Just the sound of that punch. Even the ones that don't land flush, the ones that hit his shoulder or hit his glove, you can hear it up here for you. S Yagen in a rare moment of aggressiveness &gt;&gt; throwing the right hand trying to measure Oaci Glacius with the jab letting both hands go and still landing nothing and he gets caught in that exchange there. Oh, this is going TO BE WAVED OFF AND OLAYA GLACIIUS FINALLY WORLD CHAMPION. LADIES AND gentlemen at the blue corners request, this fight is stopped at 3 minutes of round number eight. Your winner by TKO. And now THE IDF AND IBO super METAL WAVE CHAMPION OF THE WORLDLESS GLACIIUS.