Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; A fabulous clash of styles. Those prestigious belts on the line. The British vacant, the Commonwealth probably at the moment of Constantine Ersu. Is he the best kept secret in this wonderful welterweight division? four will Owen Cooper and his crowd take these titles back to Worersha can't wait for this. &gt;&gt; Okay, boys, you know the rules. Remember, obey my commands at all time. Defend yourselves at all time. God bless. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; A lot of local fans and big support. We talk about people boxing on bigger stages, but we definitely have top tier shows which are live on the zone by the way. They do it like this. They have big screens. They have the ring rolls. They have the pilot techniques. They they have that big fight to trap him in the corners already. He wants to get up close and he let his hands go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he did. He did. Felt that one. There's good pressure. Educated pressure. Keeping the hands high, moving the head nicely. He's just taking a nice step back there and he's landed. Lovely left to the body. &gt;&gt; Using the momentum of Cooper, isn't he? Really well worth his beautiful work from Timu. Really eyecatching punches a minute into the second round and was just CAUGHT IN THE DAYS THERE. HEAD SMACKED BACK, but he's made of tough stuff. The man from Worester. &gt;&gt; I think he needs to be leading another. That's a lovely lift from Ersu there trying to kill him. Isn't he in there? And Cooper just stuck in the mud. He's got to be careful of these whipping arcing long punches from Constantinu. &gt;&gt; They're so quick commits to the shots and I can see it. &gt;&gt; Godamnown nights we had in the early days of Sky Sports and it was in Plymouth. You wonder if could win tonight whether he could build something down there for Owen. walks into an attack and another one. He's going to have to start getting those shoulders going and bobbing and weaving because he's just walking into punch after punch from Ersu inside the last 50 of the fourth round. And good work again from Ersu catching Cooper as he comes in. It's becoming a painful night already for the Worcester Warrior. Super knockout over Ethan Jones in the seventh. But the distance between Neymar. He's got six stoppages soon, but it's these um well, accurate punches. You know, he has a couple of shots and then he's off. So, just doesn't give him an opportunity to get the movement. Doesn't let him get set, does he? Double for the right hand. Another meaty looking combination from not everything landing, but it's just coming from every side for a look at that. punches landing three times as many almost for just up in every single department to get to the scorecard. Sure, but really here he's trying to slow down if he can trap him on the ropes. He's got a good listen to the crowd getting behind him. &gt;&gt; He's got to throw caution to the wind and he's doing it. Cooper, what a fighter. &gt;&gt; A battle, isn't he? &gt;&gt; It has to stay at this tempo now, doesn't it? There's a nice left to the body there from Mercing punches right in front of us. 45 seconds to go in the eighth. Heating up here in Derby. You saw the main event. We felt it would be two good professionals of Constantine who the Southport Muldova monster based in Plymouth and this Worster Warrior who's just been taken in the first PART OF THE NINTH ROUND. Some super shots from going to test him in these last three rounds into the ninth. Great action again. Cooper's always in good fight, but Ersu is proving his quality tonight. A little bit of late drama as Owen Cooper tends TO GIVE US big from Cooper of the fight. 20 seconds left in the 10th round. AND THIS IS WHAT WE SAID ABOUT OWEN COOPER late in a fight you can never discount him. It's the four knockout record of Aaron Cooper. Can't quite find the equalizer right hand though. &gt;&gt; Finishes with a left there. &gt;&gt; He doesn't have concussive power. An empty desire, that's for sure. &gt;&gt; Finally, they almost hug each other at the back END OF THE 11. GOOD WORK from just thought to be able to storm again. combinations head and body with blood from the nose revers. &gt;&gt; This is a cracker, isn't it? Really good fight. Good body shots. Ersie really good again. Zoing Cooper the footwork the way he just spun off. Look at that. Cooper with a right hand still trying body shots from there. These two deserve a massive ovation. &gt;&gt; Lee just gave Johnny Clark a hug as if to say your man has got it absolutely spot on. 20 to go down on the shield trying everything for these fans. Constantine is finishing it as he started it with lovely punches and that was a brilliant night for Constantine and a gutsy gritty effort from Owen Cooper. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 hardhitting rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Marcus McDonald scores it 116 to 112. And both judges Kevin Parker and Bob Williams score it the same 118 to 110. All for your winner by unanimous decision. And now, the British and Commonwealth welterweight champion, Constantine, the Moldovid Monster.