Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy here in Ultringham. Then top of the bill is next. Pat Brown Brack with his perfect 5-0 record. But Vasil Dudar has all the attributes to on paper ask some questions and potentially cause him some problems here tonight with 14 knockouts in his 19 wins. It shows he has the power to go along with the toughness. And I imagine he wants to feel the power of Bra. You've heard about it and seen the the effects it's had, but until you feel it yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But he's probably watched his highlights and he doesn't want to feel it. &gt;&gt; That's also probably why he's &gt;&gt; But you got to gauge it, haven't you? If you block it, you know, it's like you got to feel it, gauge it, know how you can react to it. &gt;&gt; And getting caught cold in the first round before you've even warm up, your adrenaline's spiked up just like that lovely left uppercut through the middle. That's the skill set that we talk about that we haven't needed to see. &gt;&gt; Because Brown's so square shoulder. He even got the the passes to turn into the shot, but he certainly has. &gt;&gt; Really turning in with the left hand. The jab and that cheeky uppercut even in this opener. Duke tries to come back with a combination of his own, but the end of that jab might be a problem. It's a thunishing one that Pat Brown throws. They're quick hands, aren't they? From Brown as well. really sharp with his hand, but keep in mind that he go behind right belongs to his shot. &gt;&gt; I like the work. I don't think there's a second of the fight so far that you could possibly give again. He's in very much control of the action &gt;&gt; and the distance he's at because he's close enough for Dukat to to commit if he wants to because Duk's got the power. He's too wary to really let hands go with conviction. So probably just brilliant and making and that tires you just having that physical presence in front of you. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. He's taken complete control of the squid circle here. Matt Brown with a good jab and a excellent IQ as well and authority about him. The way he goes about his work to try and get that jab going that right hands quick of Brown. He just seems to have the answer in every department at the moment. &gt;&gt; I think he can set up that that upper cup with the shots to the body. Go right with the left. There you go. Then you control the uppercut. That's better. Good work to the body from Pat Brown. There he came back with one of his own. He lifts his chin so high, doesn't he? Brown. That's the only That's his biggest downfall. &gt;&gt; Good body shot again that same one. Didn't see it coming. Dupler is very good at the old head defense, but Brown is trying to just open him up for punishment. I would like to see Brown coming back with something when Dooar is leading off. A lot of times the exchange is going Pat leading Darly but then Pat just coming away where there's often a lot of look look there's enough time to go back like he did there more but he's not oh he's not committing on the second phase where I think that's where he'll have the success but as he's taken the shots Dukai he really plants his feet you can see the his legs tensing. You can see really finding his feet and just trying to get a foothold to be able to throw something back. A very very very tough challenger. He looks a little uncomfortable. Do he on the receiving end of a couple of big heavy hooks. Yep, I saw that as well. Darren, three right hands now from Brown. Goes for the upperc brave in the fifth round. 45 to go. Brown trying to trap the man from the Czech Republic on his ropes. the crowd getting behind that Manchester hero Pat put off. &gt;&gt; And this is where I think Pat could just let his hands go a little bit more now. He's he's got his man backed up. He's five rounds into the fight. He's hurting with some nice shots, but this is where he probably could go through the gears a little bit like right near the end of the round. &gt;&gt; Like three fast one sort of thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Touch touch and then really trying to sink in. AND THEN two seconds left. He's going to scramble to see will save him. He's barely hurt to it. I tell you what, those shots are right above my head and when he came when he got up and he came back and hit those two left, the power on those punches to it. Yeah, he's definitely struggling there. I'm really I'm really glad that happened on this side where Pat could Pat could hear me and he did exactly what I said and looked straight down. But that was a lovely combination. &gt;&gt; This is your instruction, Sunny. And he delivered this shot. Wow. You got to give me a second. I'm out of breath watching it. He's still breathing heavily against I think that body shot trying to whip one in the second side but he's also down for the second team. I think that knows that this is the moment to complete knockout victory number six. Vasela is so brave but too brave maybe for his own good. It's like he brought down his guard there. He just mullified the guard. He was punching it, punching it and then he eventually punched the hole straight for it. He's just got to maintain that distance though can't hold it. &gt;&gt; Tries to go out his own way. Oh my word. How hard is he? The man from the Czech Republic up off the canvas twice. 30 left in the sixth round. &gt;&gt; It's the variation in attacks here that's so impressive. He's tapping to the body going upstairs. Look at this. Physically strong can give him credit. This man who's traveled over the catch of the right hand. Oh my god, we've seen some action tonight. Minute 15 left. &gt;&gt; And I don't think there's been too much down. I'm sorry about the shots he has been taking. I think he's made Duke miss with most of them, the large majority. But I think when he's going and tearing off, Duke is doing nothing, finding his feet and then just trying to pounce on that one moment. And he's catching him a couple of times at that one moment. But I think he's missing more times than not. But you know, Pat can't really stand off him cuz nothing will be happening because not really committed when you let your hands go, move your head, move your feet, just say switched on afterwards. Otherwise, it's been spotted. Another body shot. Good. I think he pushed him down. There was no knockdown, but there was a body shot that went in a few seconds before. I think it's slightly troubled right hand. He looked at his corner Filuka. He's been so brave for so long in this fight. Up here got to try and find success and he does come back. I think especially being offensive just to take the angle. You mentioned the feet down. again. He looks at his corner. He so wants to get through this. impressive or two. It is 6 and0 and it is six knockouts. It was a punch perfect. There were few a few moments and he'll learn from that. &gt;&gt; But a great fight for this and you know what he was starting to not really break down there dra took a knee there went straight back up. I was surprised that the referee stopped it at that moment and I think he might have just stole that highlight reel knockout that might have been coming or it might have went the distance though because Duke was doing a very good job for the most part at covering up but I'm a bit amused at why that &gt;&gt; I thought that but I thought that but just to defense of the referee from our angle I agree with you from our angle but his arms are across the ropes and we can't see his face so you don't know what his face mean sometimes your eyes are telling you please stop