Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. Tony, you talked about it in the buildup to the fight about what Pat said in the buildup to his debut about enjoying taking shots in these 10 oz gloves. What did you make of that performance tonight as long as it lasted? &gt;&gt; I thought he was very, very good. Put his shots together really well. The body punching I thought was the biggest factor tonight. need to talk. I see how Dukar felt him from the first round onwards. Uh, looking at the size of Pat's left hand, that's that's a that's a bit of a problem. And I think that's the reason why he wasn't able to maybe use it a little bit more than he usually does. But I thought the shots he put together tonight was brilliant. Basic seriously tough. Seriously, seriously tough guy. I'll be surprised to see any cruise really get rid of him with shots to the head the way, you know, put him down a number of times. But do I think the referee was a little bit quick on the action tonight? Maybe. Yes. But was it going one way? Absolutely. &gt;&gt; From what you've seen now, where where do you think Pat Brown is? We talked about it in the buildup to the fight. What about from what you've just seen? I &gt;&gt; I think he's well on track. I think he's ahead of schedule if anything. You know, I think it makes sense with the John Hedges fight. You know, winning record, knows where he's at, unbeaten, and it's a really good fight, Jay. It's it's a good fight. But as I said, I just for someone like Papl at this stage of his career, you wanna you want to rush him, but not too much. I think Hedges is the perfect fight at the perfect time and then it's onwards and upwards. &gt;&gt; Talking about perfect fight, perfect timing. I think Basil Duk was perfect matchmaking. &gt;&gt; Well, and you got to give Tom Dallas an awful lot of credit. It's the right fight at the right time. I think Dukeard is not happy with the stoppage and he's likely to be. So, you know, he was in the fight. He was thrown back, but he basically lost every single round. And he was being hurt at times. I said, I think he was dropped three times. He was visibly shook and shaken a number of times. The body shots for me tonight were brutal cuz they were landing heavy. And he was he was landing them on the exchange. When you're going for the shot yourself and you get hit with that body shot, that's the most sickening feeling you could possibly wish for. And I said, Pat landed that on numerous occasions tonight. He was very, very good, very composed. But as I said before, looking at that left hand, he looks like he might have a bit of a problem, a little bit of time on the sidelines, unfortunately. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we look forward to seeing what is next for Pat Brown. Might it be John Hedges for that English title? That remains to be seen. Just elsewhere on the card tonight, Tony, I did just speak to some of the guys ringside who gave us positive updates on Glen Burn and Will Crawler. I mean, in terms of drama, I don't know how you'd even begin to describe what happened in the &gt;&gt; I think you've seen fight of the year. Uh I know you know it's early days within the first quarter but I just think I think that's vital it to be down four times out on his feet on a different couple of occasions to pull that shot out the bag. But what I will say about Will he's an ardent student of the game. He works really hard but son you cannot keep having fights like that. You you literally and he knows he know he's a proper student of the game. He's been around Anthony all his career. I remember him coming in the gym when he was a baby when me and Anthony used to train together in Manchester and it's just it's difficult to one of them. He's coming here tonight thinking I'm going to walk through this guy. You know, Burn's not going to have nothing for me and he nailed him clean so many times. The first knockdown that he caught him with on top of the head was was just one that he didn't see coming and he really really struggled to recover from. He was hanging on to round after round and then he pulls it out the back. J what a shot and it was it was a really nasty knockout. What the one that I don't want to see his head hits the canvas really loud and loud good and thankfully as you just said he's okay so that's the most important thing &gt;&gt; just a final one on will ker when you look at the domestic scene at 154 pounds a lot of good names Jana Boston Davis not just yet but what your thoughts &gt;&gt; no definitely not ready just yet needs more learning fights uh similar records to his I just don't think he's ready to go with experienced guys especially any kind of domestic experienced guys who are a little bit of a veteran. I know Ishmail Davies doesn't have a lot of fights on his resume, but he has an awful lot of experience against high quality fighters and these are strong men. I still feel William Crawler's developing and filling out and and he doesn't quite have his man strength yet. He's a strong boy and he can punch, but man strength is a completely different thing and I think that's what he's missing right now. One fight I do want to ask you about Tony. Tomorrow night of course live on the zone. Your mate Dell Boy against Deontay Wilder. What are your thoughts on how you see it unfolding and why? &gt;&gt; Um do you know what I Dell's one of the very few fighters left that I'm here to support and worry about and been chatting to him numerous times on the phone today back and forth speaking to him yesterday. Once this glove situation's sorted out, I think then it's all good to go. Uh I mean thought process hasn't really changed. I mean, if this fight was made three or four years ago, I don't want Dell anywhere near Deontay Wilder, but three and four years have passed. An awful lot's happened to Deontay Wilder. An awful lot of things have happened to Derek Chisora. Derek's on the rise. He's on the decline. I I think Derek can get the job done. But believe you me, it's going to be a dangerous first couple of rounds. And they've also got to sort out these gloves cuz these gloves aren't sanctioned. Simple as that. So, they've got to sort them out. And you know, we have to have gloves that are registered with the British boxing water patrol. is there's just no way that cannot happen. So dreading it tomorrow, but I'll be there screaming for Dell and just urging him on, you know. I think he's got to get past the first two or three rounds where it will be a bit of mayhem. We might have to climb off the floor, but once that's done, I think it's all Derek Shazora from round four onwards. And I think we'll see a stoppage anywhere from round six to maybe nine. &gt;&gt; Just finally, if he wins, Derek, do you believe him? Do you think that's it? &gt;&gt; He swore to me and he swore to his kids. He's promised him this is the last one. So &gt;&gt; he's tell boy is he? I just I just don't know what he's going to do. But &gt;&gt; he does what he wants. &gt;&gt; He does love him. He does. And and he's a cult figure and a cult hero in this country. Uh I love Deck. I love Derek. He's just what can you do? Dell's Dell. I've been around him so many years in and around the amateur system. Being away with him four nations, winning a gold medal with him as amateurs. Just he's I just love him. But I I I really do. It It better be the last one. I'm not even asking. I'm telling you. It is the last one. So, it's 50 and out. And let's just end it on a good note tomorrow. I feel nervous already talking about it. Just I just thought about it. But he knows what he's doing. He's been here before. It's not his first rodeo. Hopefully, it is his last. Not hopefully, it is your last. So, I hope you're sleeping. Get in bed. Get ready for a big night tomorrow, guys. It's all on the zone. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Well, statement made tonight here in Ultringham. Then from Pat Brown, your Easter weekend of boxing just getting started. From myself, Jamie Ward, and Tony Belleu from Ultramingham, it is good evening and good night. But a final reminder tomorrow, of course, as we just said, Derek Jazora and Deontay Wilder battling out under the dome of London's O2 Arena. On the 17th, we are in Scotland for Nathaniel Collins and Chris Bolarente rematching in a world title eliminator. The following night, what a fight this is. It's Liverpool, the homecoming of Callum Smith who faces David Morell. And on the 25th, more heavyweight action as we head to Paris as Tony Yoker takes on Britain's Lawrence Aoli. The Zone, your global home of boxing. &gt;&gt; On Done, the fights never stop with the biggest nights in boxing all year long. &gt;&gt; It has never been bigger for any fighter in the history of this country. Let's get ready to rumble. &gt;&gt; Every week it's on. So take your seat and join us ringside. &gt;&gt; Incredible. &gt;&gt; The undisputed global home of boxing. Watched only on his own.