Kind: captions Language: en really excited about this matchup. Vacant IBO super lightweight championship. We saw Jonno Carroll win the IBO belt at super featherweight earlier. Who takes this one and protect yourself at all time? Remember, you have an agreement, a clear and good fight. Check. &gt;&gt; You use the word there clever and that's exactly what he's got to do here. Maxi Hughes, they switched on. Don't waste anything. Don't get greedy. We know how good of a boxer he can be when he's in a nice flow of rhythm, but he's in here with someone who looks fired up. Really feeding off at this crowd. The energy in here is electric. He's such a lovely fella out of the ring, Maxi Hughes. And I hope he stays around boxing when he does finally call it a day. Him and Josh Warrington and Reese Mole, the three musketeers. But these body shots from Ori in the first round look sickening. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the heavy blows. I love you right. And again, just getting the foot inside there and landing that right to the body. But it's not just the power, it's the physical strength of Ori. It's draining, always pushing you back. &gt;&gt; In the super lightweight division, which is full of talent. Don Smith, of course, winning the world title in New York. Adam, one of the best around Jack Rapidity. So many good fighters from Britain, from Ireland, and Pier if he can get a big win here with his Irish fan base. But Maxi Hughes will try everything he can to survive and just get into some sort of rhythm. But has he got the power to keep Ori at bay? Well, you get the impression has total disrespect for the power of Max Huge. One thing is for sure, Maxi Hughes will never feel sorry for himself. He'll always be trying to find a way to make Ori miss and make him pay. We know what a good counter puncture he is. He's got to try and get that into play. Hugh's strength for me is he keeps his shape all the time even under pressure. So, it's very hard to get a real clean shot at him at times. Yeah, Maxi Hughes wanted to see out three or four rounds if he can and then try and test down the stretch. It's important for not to load up his pressure point and he's got to live his best. But if he does if he starts loading up and tension up and he doesn't make a dent on on Hugh, he might start to tire himself. Yeah, I know what you're saying about Maxi Hughes always, I guess, in the past looking to invite pressure. But this is intense. It really is from Ori as well. Effie and Hatty, family men, proud men, warriors, and what a night in Dublin. &gt;&gt; That's the going to be the difference though if he just starts changing the angle of the shot. &gt;&gt; Just coming up through the middle, opening up that defense. &gt;&gt; He won't he those three shots both. &gt;&gt; He has a nice wide stance, which means he can accelerate into his shots, but also you'll get weight in those shots, but also that takes a lot of energy to do that. Carl's given the first couple of rounds to Ori. No surprise there. He's been dominant. He's been aggressive. He's been hunting down Maxi Hughes. &gt;&gt; And it's a hard balance for Hughes cuz you got first and foremost, you got to stay safe. Any guy who hits harder than you, been naturally bigger than you. So, you got to stay safe like he is doing, but more activity. And how you balance that is very difficult for a guy who's got a big puncher. &gt;&gt; Doesn't need to be doing this. Adam trading with Oolir. I was just thinking exactly the same thing. Trading in the neutral corner. There's Ori's power. And if he can just open up that defense of Maxi Geese and rough him up a bit. And if he loses his rhythm and just dabs at his eye there, Maxi Hughes, you can see there the jabs with Maxi is fighting back with fire. I'm not sure that's the way to go. Well, this job is trying desperately. It's great action, but he already looks tired as he goes. &gt;&gt; Down he goes. No knock down. Bundled over. But there's the physical strength and he's straight in. And there's a minute 24 left in the round. And Hughes has got to use all his knowhow, all his savvy to get through. His feet there actually to the soul of his boots as they come. He has HEAVY BLOWS RAINING IN from it's just non-stop relentless pressure again from he knows he's got his man up the left foot again. The bravery in Maxi Hughes as he eats up these body shots. The corner have been around him a long time. Referee having a closer look. Two minutes left in the fifth. He's not normally legitimately stopped Maxi Hughes. He really refuses to will, but this is just too much. He's a beautiful boxer, Maxi Hughes, but this is just a step too much. Ori total control. And let's get into the corner at the end of this round because I think they're going to need some compassionate. Josh Warrington looks really unhappy. What are they going to do here? It's a great decision. That's bold enough. I'm not letting you go back out. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can't hear. &gt;&gt; They're going to put him out. Look at the referee. Maxi Hughes's brave effort comes to an end. And he doesn't know it yet, but Pier Ori is the IBO super lightweight champion. The referee finally calls it off and the crowd can celebrate long into the night. BIG BANG TAKES OFF IN DUBLIN. Your winner by way of technical knockout. Still undefeated. And now, the IBO super lightweight world champion, Pierce Big Thing.