Kind: captions Language: en back here at ringside following the win for Christian Medina over Adrien Curiel. And I mean our immediate reaction right away. Yeah, unanimous decision. But what we saw I I don't know if we saw 115 113. &gt;&gt; Not at all. &gt;&gt; Even 116 112 as well. Regardless to be candid whitewash here for Medina. &gt;&gt; No, for sure. You know, I I think Medina stood in the pocket too long. I think that's probably what made it look like it was a close fight, but I think it was Coro didn't have the power, so Medina just didn't feel that he had to move enough, so he stood in the pocket and just beat him in the pocket and threw some phenomenal left hooks to the body, which controlled the fight. &gt;&gt; Terrific power being shown and and a terrific formula really to take down a fighter like Curiel. You knew that the corner for Christian Medina knew the weaknesses for Adrien Curial, how to expose him and it felt like Medina had the ultimate study guide. He aced the test. &gt;&gt; Absolutely, man. He could have made the fight a lot more easier if he just kept in the outside. Like I said, I think it's the fact that Gordier didn't have that punching power. He's coming up in weight and Medina just felt comfortable to stay in the pocket with him. &gt;&gt; So now Christian Medina 27 and4. This is a great sport. I mean, you have four losses before you capture a world title. That's what makes it beautiful here. But now the question is asked, what is next for Christian Medina? Is it unification or maybe do you wait a little bit longer to see what happens with Bam Rodriguez? Because you know that Jesse wants to try and go undisputed at super flyweight &gt;&gt; for sure. You know, uh I think this was a tough fight. So his next fight should probably just be a stay busy kind of fight and then just wait and see what B wants to do. I think that's the goal. It could happen the second half of this year. An undisputed clash with Jesse Bam Rodriguez at 115 pounds is hopefully being worked on. Hopefully it comes to fruition in the first half of this year and then a fighter like Christian Medina could get his ticket punched to a big payday in some of these lower weights. Speaking of lower weight excitement and speaking of Mexican clashes, we have another one coming up for you at the end of the month. Glendale, Arizona. It is Emanuel Navarete going up against Sugar Nunees in a big title bout right there as well. So we will see you fight. Yes, it is so far on the calendar looking like a potential fight of the year and we are getting excited for that one right here. We had terrific excitement throughout the night here as well. Some interesting upsets but close matches, close rounds to score. Overall though, the champ at the end, Christian Medina shows what he is made of and he makes a first successful title defense over Adrien Curiel. For Sophia Gutierrez, for Gabe Brazado, and for our entire match room crew, I'm Justin Shackle. We thank you for joining us here in Guatemala. We'll see you next time, and we will see you in the desert for Navarete Nunees at the end of February. Take care, everybody. In Mexico, boxing is not a sport. It's a religion. A promise paid in blood. For generations, kings have risen from humble beginnings. Crowned not by birth. Two champions now stand before the altar. One nation behind them, each bearing a crown earned in silence. But history allows only one throne. Who will be the next king of Mexico? We are what we believe. We are matching boxing.