Kind: captions Language: en And we take a look at the tail of the tape for our opening contest. Right. So, Satsumi taking on Leardo Kintana. You see the measurables very much in favor of Kintana, who is a heavy underdog coming into this one against Satsumi, one of the future stars of Japanese boxing. &gt;&gt; Okay. Loaran, I want a good clean fight. Obey my commands at all times. Protects ourselves at all times. touch gloves. Good luck to both of you. &gt;&gt; And he's already fought three times in the United States. The first fight was against a much more experienced opponent that, you know, kind of pull back the opposition after that. And now he's back at that kind of level. &gt;&gt; Body shot THERE FROM SUZUMI. TANA has been extremely busy here in the opening round. He really has. Cory, I mean, really proven his worth here. And then you mentioned there from Satsumi. And that one staggers Katana. &gt;&gt; Deferring the work now from Satsumi. Back to Katana. sneaky body shot there from Suzumi who is turning into a bone booth war right now is RAVAGING THE BODY OF KATANA. A nice rally from Suzumi and a late shot from Katana a moment after the bell hit the canvas instead. Now some more body shots here from Suzumi but back comes Kitana trying to go blow for blow for him right along the belt line of Sumi. It's funny. You look at the passage of play there. It's like the volume versus the quality. You see Katana throwing free to the the classy punch shot of Satsumi. Quiet there from Satsumi. And now Katana off balance. &gt;&gt; What you have to love about Rachel is he's such a pinpoint puncher. &gt;&gt; Yeah, accuracy is BIG LEGS AND DOWN HE GOES. HUGE shot Cory &gt;&gt; from the rising former amateur starting it. &gt;&gt; ROTO SATSUMI DARED KITANA TO GO TOE FOR TOE and he takes him out in the fourth round. Had a real swagger about himself. Believed that he was going to upset the apple car but the quality the talent shone through. Look at that. Two hooks there and the power evident. &gt;&gt; Still undefeated FROM TOKYO, JAPAN, RTO Sutsumi. For the fourth victory and third knockout victory of the young career of Arto Sutsumi, who stays right on track in terms of his goal, Mike, of fighting for a world title in his 10th pro bout.