Kind: captions Language: en Victory and third victory, the career of stays right. Might there can make that happen. Massive improvement and 130 now really see him physically mature and growing into his body age 2 right now standing by with congratulations on your win number for you in your professional that was tough. Uh, Reto-san, now, uh, this is your 4th time, your 4th match since turning pro in 2025, um , congratulations on your 4th win. Well, I think it was a very difficult match, but rather than just being great at boxing, I think you won through your fighting spirit, what do you think? Well, this was the first time I'd faced this type of opponent in professional boxing, and I originally thought he was an orthodox fighter, but Sanspo had prepared some countermeasures, so it was a little different from what I expected, and he fought in a way that was a little different from what I had anticipated, so I think this was a good experience. From technique was what I expected. So I have to adjust myself to fight against that because it was not what I expected. How did you have to adjust and that experience have only had free fights before? It was difficult to find those adjustments early. You've only been a pro for three fights so far, so how are you able to make those adjustments right before the fight? Well, I've been practicing by sparring with various types of opponents and gaining various experiences, and I think that experience has come in handy today. I was preparing for this much practice against all different types of boxers and I could build up my experiences against those different types of boxers. I think that some fruit, many people in the boxing world are very excited about what happens for you next year. I know you'll be champion underfight. Um, well, I think you're looking forward to the next step, but what will happen next year? You said you'd be champion after 10 fights, but what can we expect next year? Well, first of all, the content of today's match was quite different from what I had expected, so I need to get much, much stronger. First of all, next year I will raise my level step by step, and if I do that, my ranking will naturally go up, and I think the path to that world will get closer. So first of all, I will focus on improving my level. Firstly, I hope to show an even stronger version of myself in the next match. Today was much better than I expected . So next year I have to get stronger, I have to level up my boxing and step by step I just got to the world and by doing my ranking be going up so comet final It was my first fight in Riyadh and there were lots of local fans and Japanese fans there to watch, but what was it really like fighting in Riyadh? Well, the people of Saudi Arabia are all really warm people, and I'm really grateful to everyone who came all the way from Japan to support me and to everyone who bought Remiro's pay-per-view and watched the fight. thank you. When since I came to Saudi Arabia, the people were very welcoming and very warm-hearted. Also, there are lots of people coming to see my festival from Japan and also lots of viewers paying for the licenses. And also, my brother was supposed to perform with me today, but he couldn't because of an injury. So, next year, my brother and I will aim even higher, so please continue to support us brothers. My brother should have come and fight with me buthewasinjuredhe couldmakeitsonext years will highlevelandfight together for seeconratulations thanM.