Kind: captions Language: en Boulevard City is the setting as the curtain comes down on 2025 with another [music] season spectacular and this time the box or soft the fareast take welcome in preparation for Um, but next, um, it will be a really strong opponent, so I don't know what will happen, but um, I hope that I can give it my all and defeat them and win. I can't wait. thank you. thank you. W Ed, now, that great Na-san is also a senior member of my gym, so it's a great honor to be able to compete against such a fighter on such a big stage, and I'm really looking forward to it. Okay, that's all the questions. looking forward to it . thank you. [Music] Yes, of course. We'll play an exciting game that will get everyone excited and, well, we'll get good reviews. yes. thanbeston unasalira mir Erhernes. [Music] I'm training for in Mexico and then my trainer came to the gym and told me about this opportunity and I'm gonna be Jesus Christ for this opportunity and thanks everybody for being here and we're on well. Big Ben in the middle. Yes. Of course, this match is very important to me, so I want to study this match thoroughly and win so that I can compete again next year. I think this tournament is very important. So I want to see that fit to this class perfect to feel that confident for the new David Lass Go Rent. Maybe the strongest fighter, maybe the quickest fighter, mentally very strong at the moment, being getting ready for the help as well as of my family. I think we can do thank you very much, best luck, congratulations, amandounfor, for themon. Well, I think everyone has high expectations for me to be fighting in Saudi Arabia this time, so I want everyone to firmly imprint in their minds the sight of me stepping into the ring in Saudi Arabia, here in Japan. Well, I am honored to have such great expectations of Saudi Arabia in Japan. So I would like to show my best performance so that like fans in Japan can always remember this much in Saudi Arabia. Thank you very much . See you in the fleson. Yes, thank you very much. I am looking forward to seeing you fight at that live show on Saturday [applause] and that conudes our grandarrivals from here at boulevard worldight is സോൺ