Kind: captions Language: en Really looking forward to seeing this one. British and Commonwealth belts on the line. The young hope from the South Coast. He's razled and dazzled us, hasn't he? In his first 15 fights, undefeated in just 22 years old. He's got a brother as well who's going to turn pro. They're pretty talented, the family. But he's in with a tough guy, Conor Mintosh, who's well up for this. He's been really excited since the fights announced. This is his opportunity. I saw Enzo Marinelli part of his training team earlier and they're ready to do the business. &gt;&gt; Okay guys, spoke to you both in the dressing room. You both know I expect keep it clean straight away when told. Both you watch your heads in close. Good luck to you both. Touch gloves. God bless. &gt;&gt; Good luck lads. &gt;&gt; British and Commonwealth belts on the line. And the unbeaten Royon Barney Smith and Connor McIntosh who's won 10 of 12 collide into this red-hot Nin Stone 4 super featherweight division. Alongside me, the former world champion Barry Jones. And that's the ultimate aim certainly of Barney and his team. But Connor's got his own ambitions. The Southpaw's meet. We remember an all Southpaw battle a few years ago. Bobby Vanzy, Steven Smith. That was up a lightweight. How are they going to get on the two southpaws? &gt;&gt; Should be good. &gt;&gt; Good. I think I think it's right here for Max trying to put a bit of pressure here on Barney Smith. But look how sharp he is. Smith with the counters and heavy hands as well with that left hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, clearly they're trying to unsettle. Barney Smith here early on, aren't they? He's a young boy, inexper reasonably inexperienced anyway, but um he looks to be taking it on a straight here and boxing well. A lovely 30 seconds. Oh, to head and body. Sharp shots already. Lovely jab and a left hand. And he walked into that Mintosh. This is a really good start from Royston BARLEY SMITH WITH SILING PUNCHES. FAST, ACCURATE, &gt;&gt; and even though they're about the same height, the reach of B is so much longer. And he's punching L as well. He's take half a step back. He's push off that back foot to get a bit of leverage in that left hand. And Macintosh just leaving that chin a little bit too high. &gt;&gt; As the boys have said, he'll be super fit under Enzo Minelli, Connor Mintosh. But the problem is that Royston Barney Smith is super skilled. He's looked fantastic so far. He's just got to apply the pressure Mintosh to try and unsettle Royston's rhythm. &gt;&gt; Lovely little bend, isn't it, to the right there when he toss that left hand over the top there, Cal? &gt;&gt; Yeah, the great shadow just kind of right right behind the the the guard, but Macintosh is having a go and you can see what he wants to do trying to unsettle Roden Barney Smith, but he's just he's he looks so relaxed. He look he looks like a guy with a lot more experience or fighting with more experience than he should have. &gt;&gt; He's 22. He's a boy still a baby &gt;&gt; and his younger brother Noah at ringside as always they're like a double act and he can't wait to turn pro. Southampton are going to have a few champions I think. Ryan Garner of course on June the 20th at St. Mary's. What a time in the summer in Southampton &gt;&gt; and this weight division especially in in the UK thriving at the minute. That's a lovely faint there from Smith just before he let that one two go. And boxing well here because there was a lot of pressure there from Macintosh. Again, the right idea, the right intent, just a little bit smarter with his approach. Macintosh. That chin's a bit high and he's going to roll into the into the movement. &gt;&gt; He's being countered. Head and body work with the jab from Royston Barney Smith. All 15 victories so far. And that's just quality goals. &gt;&gt; And look, the Bar mentioned the chin is a bit high. But the the problem he's going to have here is Roy and Barney Smith has has got great timing and great shot selection and with him coming forward and his momentum he could just walk on to one and that could be the end. Body shots back from Mintosh who's tough and strong and will do everything he can to try and upset the odds here but at the moment Royston Barney Smith looking smooth and classy. The more the more investment you make, the more you dress it up, the more bang you'll get for your money. Yeah. The more investment you make, you only get one or two off and then look for it. You're going to be expecting it. Yeah. Don't be excited little drops. 8 ft long &gt;&gt; running the corner for Royston Barney Smith. Have they got a gem on their hands? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. His timing and judgment of the distance are fantastic. There was a pocket there. He did he did two little skips back but then engaged that back leg to push off with a really nice long left hand. &gt;&gt; Barry Smith in there as well who was leading the TKV corner last weekend who came unstuck against Richard React. Congratulations to the new British heavyweight champion RR maybe a changing of the guard there on the Tyson Fury stroke Connor Ben Knight at Tottenham. Here we are live on the zone. in a double header this weekend. Friday night in Glasgow, Saturday night in Liverpool. So much quality and pedigree and prospects, Carl, at the moment. &gt;&gt; Oh, look, boxing is thriving. I've been saying it for a long time, but especially we talk about the heavyweight division a lot, but right through the divisions in in the UK and Ireland, there's a lot of lot of good kids coming through, a lot of wellestablished fighters as well. And it's a very healthy position, I think, at the moment. That's not a bad thing for Mintosh. I mean, he's got to make it uncomfortable and messy. You got You've got to try. I don't see how he does it to be fair after the first round in a bit. You got to try and get Smith out of the rhythm as quick as you can cuz he's at the wrong distance here. Macintosh. You either got to get really close or really far away. But that mid-range where he is now, he's on the end of those shots every time. &gt;&gt; And I like that from Barney Smith there. Macintosh looked to touch gloves and Barney Smith kind of just threw a little faint at him like go away almost. I don't I don't mind seeing that to be honest. And I think when people get into the habit of touching gloves too much, it's almost like I'm not saying that's the case for Macintosh, but you know, take it easy on me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is business. And this is where Royston Barney Smith wants to be razor sharp. Bar really hurt him. Bent him over almost minute and a half into this second round. And that was a sicker and he knows it. Barney Smith. Can he follow up to the head? He does. And Conor Mintosh in trouble here in the neutral corner. &gt;&gt; He's short on that left. That was impressive there from from Smith. Oh, an old LONG SHOT. &gt;&gt; SHOT AND A HEAD SHOT. AND HE HAS TO TAKE A COUNT. HE NEARLY WENT DOWN FROM THE FIRST, BUT HE DID FROM THE SECOND. HE'S BRAVE. HE'S GAME. HE LISTENS TO HOWARD FOSTER'S COUNT. HE'S GOT A MINUTE TO SURVIVE. ENZO MINELLI LOOKING WORRIED. THIS GUY SO BOUNCY. RUSTIN BARNEY SMITH FOLDS OVER CONOR MINTOSH AND HE'S GOING TO BE KNOCKED OUT HERE IN THE SECOND ROUND. HE'LL NEVER MAKE IT. &gt;&gt; How did he get off? 40 SECONDS LEFT AND I THINK THE FIGHT SHOULD BE OVER HERE AND NOW. &gt;&gt; HE'S IN NO STATE TO CONTINUE. And there is a NEW BRITISH AND COMMONWEALTH super featherweight champion and his name is Roy Barney Smith and it's a name you want to remember. Sugar Boy Roy shimmering, glittering in gold and he wins the domestic and Commonwealth belts in two rounds of brilliance. &gt;&gt; That was flawless. He didn't make one mistake. Every shot he threw, he landed with whether it was long distance, he was throwing that left hand over the top every time. The jab was perfect. He was getting low to throw long punches up. And then when he got close, he could work through the middle. And the body shots at the end were absolutely fantastic. I mean, short range and long range, there's no there's no safe place with him, Cal. &gt;&gt; No, I mean, the kids the kids got it all. And that was a bit of a statement when I mean, Mintosh is is a decent fighter. Not the most biggest name in the world, but the way he done it, I don't think anyone's expecting a two round blowout like that. He was so good tonight, so accurate and punt perfect. I spent a long time with Conor Mintosh and he trained frenetically. He'll be absolutely devastated. He did so well to even get out of that last the last one. But the class, the precision, the accuracy, &gt;&gt; but the thought behind it because he punches high to throw low. He tried it again the second time. He punches high to throw low. So he's lifting those elbows up on purpose to whip that body shot around the middle. So he knows what he's going to do. He's not just throwing for the sake of throwing it. There's a method behind everything he does. He's thinking as he's working. It's not that often we get to see people dropping other guys with body shots with a long shot. It's normally when they're up close and they throw them kind of but that was almost like a long back hand. And that last one, I mean, you have to give Mintosh all the credit in the world. That that made me wse watching it. It was a Oh, beautiful shot and really really hurt him. Finish, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; It was. And he got back up. I think it was maybe to go on a little bit too long, but um for play to Macintosh. Brave boy. &gt;&gt; It's not how you win sometimes. It's not It's not winning, it's how you win. And how he won tonight was phenomenal. &gt;&gt; Spot on, Barry. The manner of this victory. He's got some international belts already, but this British Londell title, the vacant Commonwealth as well. And I know it's early days and he's only 22 and it's his 16th win. But I tell you what, I think that Royston Barney Smith's going to be a world champion. I think he's that good. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 29 seconds of round number two. Our referee in charge, Howard Foster, waves off the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated. And now, the British and Commonwealth Super Featherweight Champion, Sugar Boyen, Barney Smith.