Kind: captions Language: en Girls, I gave your instructions in the dressing room. Okay, you know exactly what I expect of you both. Keep the fight clean, obey my commands, and most importantly, protect yourself at all times. All right, shake hands. &gt;&gt; Fabulous boxing night in the Midlands. &gt;&gt; Stylistically, this could Adam Zamora, as I say, typically Mexican, as you can see, likes to get stuck in land heavy shots. for Sandy Ryan. She's a real classy operator when she sticks to her guns and looks for those flurry of shots. Good arsenal. Carries power as well. Could heat up nicely this one. Good right hand there from Zamora. Before that, I thought Roy was having a good round just in and out with the feet as you said. &gt;&gt; Challenging for the world title on the MVP show in April. And they're all inspiring each other. Sandy Ryan trying to become a world champion again. But Cara Zamora in fight number 25 is desperate to take this belt back to Mexico. And she's a handful. Barry blood as well. Is it from the nose or is the eye damage? Good work from Zamora. And this is really good action at the end OF THE THIRD. SHE'S PLANTING HER FEET AND digging in these punches. &gt;&gt; And that's what she needs to do. Jab, step out, have a step out, bounce back with a combination or or two two shots at least. Just grimaces that Sandy Ryan. I don't know if SHE WAS HURT BY A BODY SHOT, but Zamora's really getting to her up close personal. And Ryan is in a a storm here. She She's fighting Zamora's fight right now. throwing twos and threes and then moving your feet. Land under the pen and get on the way then. It's just not complicated, is it? It's the It's the definite key to success here. Sandy, that's a lovely double left hook there. Head and body and again with that left to the body. &gt;&gt; Yeah, beautiful work from Sandy Ryan. Boxing from Orthodox to Southpaw. Switching it out just to walks into a right hand from Zamora. Was open to that. Zamora is really &gt;&gt; digging in these shots. The body Ryan coming back and Sandy Ryan is always in entertaining fights. You can imagine Zamora is too. But look at this. They're really getting down to action now. Really trying to force Aora back sandy right. But I do feel kryptonite to the Mexican would be movement when she's in close. Oh, nice left hook. Oh, nice work there. AND SANDY RYAN GETTING THOSE ARMS GOING late on in the seventh round. Samora with a left HOOK ON THE CHIN. THIS IS FANTASTIC. &gt;&gt; THIS is a cracking fight. It really look at them go. Fantastic combinations. Brilliant work from both. &gt;&gt; That was good with the the right hand to the body there from Sandy Ryan and taking a little step back. That's the that's the fractions that she needs to be working off here. Just those little step back, but she's got a There's that right uppercut. There's the shot for Sandy Ryan. &gt;&gt; Sweet shot from Sandy Ryan, but Zamora just shakes it off and comes back hunting. It's not always pretty, is it from Cara Zamora, but effective it is. &gt;&gt; Good shot there from Zamora. Right hand over the top. When Zamora throws a jab, &gt;&gt; Ryan's got to throw a left long left hook cuz she dips her head over to the right hand side. Zamora, every time she throws that left hand, &gt;&gt; it's fascinating. So too, the last couple of rounds of this one, it's been a a real pace, a fantastic watch. This WBC World Super Lightweight fight between Sandy Ryan and Cara Zamora, the three judges may well be needed. But a knockdown here, I tell you what, if one of them could find something. Good work from Ryan again to the body. Tomorrow turns. Southpaw trying to crowd Ryan as they both desperately fight their way to the final bout. I think she's having a better round here. Sandy Ryan for you. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; Oh, lovely. &gt;&gt; Good line from Sandy Ryan. Back on the ball and both of them in THE LAST 10 SECONDS ARE HURLING punches at each other. It's been a terrific WATCH THIS WBC WORLD SUPER Lightweight title from start to finish. An absolute cork up. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of Nottingham, we go to the judges score totals. Anie Pokei 95 95 even &gt;&gt; Victor Lachland and John Yona Fernandez both scored this bout 97 to 93 for your winner by majority decision and the new WBC super lightweight champion of the world Sandy Ryan.