Kind: captions Language: en Fight on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; 13 and0. So many quick wins but only 26 rounds of action. Jermaine Franklin almost 150. Much more experienced as a pro but 11 years older. Go fellas if I call break. I expect you to take one step back. Don't throw deliberate punches to the back of the head. Protect yourselves at all times. touch. Good luck. &gt;&gt; He's back. Dubbed the air apparent, the future of the blue ribbon division. Heavyweights ruling the boxing world. And what a sweet pot of them on Done in the coming weeks. Could Moses Italma become the finest. 14th fight and the 27th for Germaine Franklin Jr. 24 victories. Never stopped. still got ambition. He says what can he muster former eight first round wins, three in the second. Fights don't tend to go too long. They don't. You said it there. Well at his feet and has his dreams right there in front of him. Needs to take care of business tonight against a man who's proven tough, slick operator, very quick hands, subtle movements with his head and his feet. And this is an opportunity. There's been a lot of confidence coming from the team and himself. But lead just walks into one's got to be very very careful. Hasn't brought a south in a long time. Body shot from italma who might feel because Franklin so durable. He's got to hurt him early and maybe catch him in a blitz or something like that. Franklin standing strong. Oh, good shot. That was a bit of a stumble. What a leg it was. It was a stumble and Moses knight on straight on push him into a corner and trying to apply the pressure. Rattling in the body shots early. Soon recovered though again the accuracy and the speed of that jab. Frightening beautiful jab backand as well. Are we looking at an absolute superstar of the future? Jermaine Franklin won't care about that as long as he's in there. He'll try and rough him up. He'll try and take the Talmer into deep waters. That's why they've selected Jermaine Franklin. &gt;&gt; And good to see him having a go there as well. He's He's not here. Big shot. He's not here against the he first round. And the Talmer HAS COME OUT OF THE blocks intent on making a fast statement. I know it. And if he sees an opening, he's going to go for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. M mead said this at the the presser and the way he's really growing still Moses Tan I know Jermaine Franklin isn't the biggest heavyweight out there but you can see the size of a toma &gt;&gt; already the accuracy beautiful shots his head Franklin remember never stopped in a long career &gt;&gt; he's here for his endurance &gt;&gt; and his stamina and his defense but can he keep it talmer this Yeah, hot shot off him. Back comes up a cut from Itala. Franklin just struggling a bit. End of the second round. It's must be hard work. Has he got the ambition to win this and take it late? Body shot though. He says keep them up. But that's definitely the target for a Tama downstairs. He felt that one and he changes the level so well. Not just with the hooks with the the straight shot in the third round. How badly hurt is it? Temple shot. 20 seconds to go. It's how will jump on him. But the fell could come at the right time for Jermaine Franklin. Another body shot. Here we go again. The predator looking for his knockout. Frankly comes back with A RIGHT HAND BRAVELY THE AMERICAN bell comes and there you go. IT'S A TURN EIGHT ROUND. WATCH IT TAKEN OUT OF FRANKLIN. Franklin down fairly heavily in the third round. Temple disorientating round the side shot. It's wants him out of there. &gt;&gt; And you know what Adam, it's the right hand that will do the damage here. He keeps his right hand up really well. He gets caught there. It's Alma and he smiled there. Franklin, he's not afraid to let his hands go. And you got to remember this is heavyweight boxing. So important he stay switched on but as I was saying that left hand just a little loose in its position of Franklin keeps it a little low again. The boss on the front foot just a step ahead, isn't he? The defense very very good as well. We talk about the the work with the hands from his but the fence so quick with his reactions the the footwork the slipping the sliding when you talk to Tyson Fury these guys at the very top and they've got nothing but praise for it that's when you have to listen to the left hand he started to chew Germaine Franklin up and this speed which Franklin was concerned about in the corner is not slowing down. &gt;&gt; He's catching him high on top of the head, isn't he? That's how much time and time and again. Yeah, he wants him to follow him, doesn't he? He thinks the temple shots or the body shots are the way to get the stoppage. &gt;&gt; Just like that. And a nod from Franklin. Slightly less from THE KNOCKOUT. It's how magic in Manchester and it is DONE AS QUICK AS A FLASH. It's 14 AND OH FOR MOSES it's a fifth round knockout with one beautiful shot. Are we looking at the future of this sport? HE IS FABULOUS SUPERSTAR. That uppercut there was an absolute peach and I tell you what, IT MIGHT HAVE KNOCKED OUT ANYONE in the world. Moses Italma does it again. The homecoming is a big success and 2026 could be the year Darren that they take the chance for a world champion. This is the year. This is it. The way he's thrown that shot and the reason he's thrown that shot was was perfect. Mo uh Franklin leaning over the front foot. The guard was wide open. He's just taken a little step back and he's just executed that left uppercut to perfection. &gt;&gt; LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, HERE IS THE OFFICIAL TIME. 1 minute 33 seconds of round number five. Our referee in charge, Steve Gray, waves it off. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated and still WBA International AND WBO INTERCONTINENTAL Heavyweight Champion, MOSES. He didn't quite get 31 rounds in the bank. He got the stoppage in scintillating fashion. Emphatic. &gt;&gt; They will kill you is so intense. This is all we can show. &gt;&gt; Hi. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; They will kill you. Rated R.