Kind: captions Language: en Shabbaz Massud, Shabbaz, congratulations. European champion. How does that sound? And how does this victory feel here tonight in Monte Carlo? &gt;&gt; Yeah, first of all, I just want to say all praise be to Allah. Without Allah, nothing is impossible. And you know what? It was a it was a wicked fight. I know I was up against it as well. People had me as the favorite, but I know Peter's pedigree and even fighting in there with him, I could see what he was doing. He's a very skillful fighter, so credit to him as well. You believed it would be your ring IQ which would win you the fight tonight. What what do you believe made you the superior man in here through 12 rounds? &gt;&gt; I said that man. I said about the IQ before I walked in. I was saying to my coach Lee Wy the man with the laptop. I was saying yo box Floyd today with my jab and he goes he goes did as well. So &gt;&gt; fast start from Peter McGrael. You've been out the ring for a little over a year here tonight. Shabbaz. Were you surprised by the pace of the start he made tonight? &gt;&gt; You know what? I'm a seasoned professional. I've had I've been 12 rounds. I know when to pick it up, how to start, and a lot of the time when I start, I just take information in. And uh over the rounds, it just started getting easier and easier. So, alhamdulillah. And after European comes world, we know you've got big plans in this sport. Shabbaz, what percentage do you think we've seen of you so far in this story? &gt;&gt; Shout out my boy Cameron Vong over there as well. And I just want to say I've got big plans, man. I've won the IBO world title last year. I won the EBU. Uh, this could have been for the British, but it was in Monaco, so it couldn't get on the line. But, uh, alhamdulillah, the thing is I'm struggling making Super Banttom. I don't mind moving up. Anyone for a world title, and I know Nick B's world champion or featherweight. So, if he wants some, let's get some, man. &gt;&gt; If it is Super Banton, would the Maverick fancy a shot at the monster? No. &gt;&gt; 100%. I'm in here to box world champions and top guys. If I could box Inu, I'd box him for all the belts. He's one of the pound-for-pound best, but I I respect him, but everyone's beatable, but I would like to move up eventually as well. I struggle making the weight and there's another British world champion at the weight above, Nick B. He's from there, gym, as well. I'd love that fight. &gt;&gt; What a fight that would be. Let's bring in promote ready herd first lead. Do you believe the right man won tonight in the main event? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Listen, it was such a high level fight. It was a world class fight like you said. Mcgra started really well. He had an early lead and Shabbaz just went through the gears. I felt like the inactivity would play a part and maybe he needed those rounds and I thought he was fantastic in in the middle and late rounds. Peter rallied well in the 12th but it was a great performance and you know as he joked to me in there he said we've come a long way since Jose San Martin and you probably don't remember that a lot of people it was like a mediocre performance &gt;&gt; killed on TV. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And and I said we need better and we got better. The Liam Davis victory was massive and that Peter McGra victory as well that's massive. That's two top 10 guys he's beaten. No, and and you know, respect to both for taking the fight in the first place. And you know, the only natural step after that European Championship is a shot at the world title. You know, unfortunately or fortunately, all the belts are held by one man, which is a nayu was in this ring last year, and I called him out for a madv. And listen, this guy's a serious fighter, but this is what they aspire to be. You know, I've heard Naoui is a massive fan of Stoke. So, you know, whether he wants to make the trip over there as well, we'll see. But listen, &gt;&gt; I don't know if he's got it in him for a cold rainy night in Sto. &gt;&gt; But that is, you know, as he said, we'll have to talk to to Ben about the move to to 126 lbs as well. But, you know, I'd love him to get a shot at that world championship if it move means moving up and taking on some big domestic fights at world level. Nick B, great fight as well. Great fighter. &gt;&gt; I need to move up Eddie, man. Everyone's saying you're too skinny. If I pack a bit of muscle on with them punches, you know what's going to happen, man. &gt;&gt; That' be a serious fight against Nick Ball as well. Yeah, look, you know, I mean, not many people are going to want to take on Shabbaz. They know his skill, they know his quality, and I think you're going to see him punching harder at 126 pound as well. So, it's a little bit about strategy now, but you know, it's been a little bit of a frustrating year after that great Liam Davis win, but what a way to end it. You know, a massive win. Respect to Peter McGre, he'll be back, but tonight belongs to Shabbaz Massud. &gt;&gt; Shabbaz, final message in closing tonight. &gt;&gt; Massive thank you to Eddie Hernoxing the zone. And uh a massive massive special shout out to my team, Ben Davidson, Lee Wy, my uncle Mo, my dad. My dad's been behind me since the start. My whole family, Jumbo. But I want to give a massive massive like special to Mr. Wy, Lee Wy. His uh man passed away this year and this fight's dedicated to her cuz he come straight back to camp and he stayed with me and he put the work in with me. So I appreciate you and thank you for everything. &gt;&gt; Great words, Shabbaz. She