Kind: captions Language: en Madison Square Garden is considered [music] the mecca of boxing and has been home to some of the sport's most legendary battles. From Joe Lewis against Rocky Marciano, Muhammad Ali versus Joe Frasier [music] to Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis. The greats have done battle here and tonight we're going to add another chapter [music] to the venue's fabled history when two of this generation's best will collide. Tapimo Lopez versus Shakur Stevenson. We got a really great night of fights coming up for you tonight. We're going to start the night off with Azia DMU fighting to stay undefeated against Kevin Castillo. Jerrell Miller and Kingsley eBay [music] meeting. Two of the really big boys looking to build some momentum. Ammo Williams has to deal with a very last minute replacement. Carlos Adams pulls out and his belt is no longer on the line. Wendy Tusan steps in at a day's notice. The WBC featherweight titles on the line between interim champ Bruce Harrington and veteran Carlos Castro. Khan Davis hopes to make up for lost time in his debut fight at 140 against top contender Jermaine Ortiz. And then Tia female Lopez and Chakor Stevenson fighting for super lightweight supremacy for the WBO and the lineal championship. &gt;&gt; Let's go to the tail of the tape. Kingsley eBay and Jerel Big Baby Miller. Look at the weights combined about 600 lb. are going to have to reinforce the ropes here to keep this ring together. Ladies and &gt;&gt; gentlemen, save me about 10 rounds. I'm going over the rules in the dressing room. I expect to obey my commands at all times. Most of all, protect yourself at all times. Touch, love, good luck. &gt;&gt; EB with southpaw. He lacks footwork and he falls off balance a lot. And that's the reason I think it's going to fall into the hands of Big Dave Miller if he can catch him clean early. &gt;&gt; That fight was ever in doubt was because the first four rounds Derel Miller didn't do anything. He's already thrown four punches in the first 5 seconds that he got in the first round as Essay. He's losing his hair. Now over the top now eBay throwing bombs here. He was able to scout Terrell Miller in the early rounds but couldn't finish the job as Miller came on stronger later and most likely earned the decision win. Judge Kevin Morgan scores it 96-94 in favor of Kingsley eBay. Judge Don Trellis scores it 97 to 93 in favor of Jerel Miller. [cheering] And Judge Frank Lombardi scores it 97 to 93. for your winner, TERRELL BIG [screaming] Baby Miller. Bruce Shushu Carrington promising to steal the show. Let's see. Will we get our first knockout of the night? It's not going to be easy against a very tough Carlos Castro who's 31 years old. Carrington 5'8 in tall with that massive 72 in reach. Castro pretty long himself. He'll have a 2-in reach disadvantage. This is for the vacant WBC World featherweight championship. &gt;&gt; Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Punches from my hand here on up are good. Punches from my hand here on up are good. Touch close now. Come on. Fighting at the bell. &gt;&gt; So much garrison saying winning this title is not enough for me. I want to show out. I want to do it impressively. I want to get this crowd riled up. Let's see how he does. 12 rounds for the make it WBC world title every rolling with a shot relax there's lighting up this what the crowd wants to see that might carries it a little bit he does in the back of the HEAD CARLO SENSES RIGHT HAND. You never see him in this kind of trouble in the corner. Got to get back right. This could be the moment Carlos Castro is looking for. Hometown Cur from Castro Brown. The right hand for Carlos Castro detonating on the head. OH, AGAIN RIGHT HAND from Castro. That's his best weapon, guys. That is what he's bringing to the table. Similar success that he did earlier in these exchanges as cars some big shots. There's another one shiny right now. He's holding with the shot. HE'S NOT OVERLOADING ON THESE power punches. He's catching with his shoulder AND COMING RIGHT BACK. THEY'RE SHORT. THEY'RE CONCISE, BUT THEY'RE FAST. &gt;&gt; Maybe Castro. He showed flashes of power those middle rounds. There's a right hand RIGHT [cheering] that was a big shot OF THE CHIEF DOESN'T TAKE POWER TAKES ACCURACY AND COUNT AND IT'S OVERU IN HIS big stage garden gets a knockout win in front OF HIS HOMETOWN CROWD THE sushu era has arrived that's the knockout he needed here in his hometown what a performance with this finish. Big right hand. &gt;&gt; Barely makes himself small. Make him miss and he caught him clean with that right hand. It was therefore your winner by way of knockout. And now, the WBC featherweight champion of the world from Brownsville, Brooklyn, New York, Bruce Shushu Carrington. Indeed, the crowd still buzzing from that sensational stoppage for Shushu Carrington. And the crowd will really rise up for Keshan Davis. They love this fighter here in New York. He'll be squared off against Germaine Ortiz. &gt;&gt; All right, gentlemen. We're going to the middle of the white here and up is going to be good. Right on top of the belt line here is going to be good. Gentlemen, you got my instructions in the back. Protect yourselves at all times. Listen to my commands. Touch them up. Factory corner, gentlemen. &gt;&gt; You know, Jermaine Ortiz talked pretty tough this week. Said he was going to be physical. Said he was going to stop Keshan Davis. way to slow down that athleticism is to Jermaine Ortiz the body. There's a right hand from Davis gets her teeth off balance a little bit. fighting this at 140 lbs. THIS IS WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT. Championship the attention that body shot up earlier with a left hook as well. talking about SEVEN TO AGAIN AND THEY'LL STOP IT with just seconds to go. &gt;&gt; Wow. Way to the championship round to the 12th round in a new division. A new puncher, a new player in town in the 140 lb edition. The winner by way of technical knockout and still undefeated Kan the businessman [cheering] David the men in the division. You can see there's very little between them in terms of height, weight, reach. It's all even age as well. They're two of the very best of [music] this generation. Our main event is next. &gt;&gt; Be my command at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Touching my pillow. &gt;&gt; TWO 28-YEAR-OLDS IN THEIR PRIME AT MADISON SQUARE GARDEN FOR THE SUPER LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD. HERE WE GO. that he's not afraid to confront match by RIGHT HAND decision left hand nearly touch the canvas for a knockdown comes in says bring that up a little bit combination of the car got this Lopez off a little bit. Maybe he won that round. Just like that. That punch to the right. There's that right over the years. Leans in. Keeps that left hand down. That's land that quick. again with the punch. Snapping jab again cuts Lopez off the pass. Lopez trying to go back down to the body. That's where he had some success a few rounds ago. Going for the kill. a couple more. One round to go. We are witnessing a boxing master class at the highest of levels as Shakur Stevenson attempting to win a championship in a fourth division and he's completely dominating the ring magazine champ in the hometown of that man right there who's supposed to take over himself. Stevenson, one of the best fighters in the world today. &gt;&gt; Well, I should get going. &gt;&gt; No, without dessert. &gt;&gt; Oh, Door Dash is on the way. The &gt;&gt; game's about to start. For the game, &gt;&gt; I'm falling asleep. &gt;&gt; I'm never leaving, am I? &gt;&gt; Coffee it is, &gt;&gt; right?