Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; These two, Shaquille Thompson and Brad FS, it's a crackling matchup. It really is a test for Thompson finally. And for Pauls, it's a chance to rebuild and make a name. He is the underdog going into this. &gt;&gt; Okay guys, spoke to you both in the dressing room. You both know I expect keep it clean straight away when told both of you watch it heads in close. Good luck to you both. Touch loves &gt;&gt; deep into the magnificent seven and a marvelous middleweight match up here. Sheles undefeated Shaquille Thompson. He's the southpaw here tackling the more seasoned orthodox man Brad Pauls who's won 20 of 23. But the ability of Thompson, I've seen him up close and personal plenty of times. It's a tough business professional boxing when you've got a job as well. And a nice shot there from Brad Paul's start of the second. Lovely shot, wasn't it? Got foot a bit closer to Thompson then. Although Thompson's got the he's got the big frame and he's got the long levers, but he he gives away a little bit of his head, doesn't he? With a wide stance and he leans over that front foot quite a bit, which will give Paul a few opportunities. That's a huge ceiling. Plenty of in attendance already. 15,000 expected tonight as we build up to Moses its meeting with Germaine Franklin. Here we're in the middleweight division. Shaquille Thompson and Brad Paul early on and Danny Barber as well from the famous green and gold barber. Beautiful one two from Brad Pauls. Not well, isn't it? Yeah, he's really warming up here. balls easing into this jab neglect here from the right body shot though from Johnson and it did back up in the neutral corner the power of Dr. steal and he smiles. They both do. There was something that registered there after a good round of balls. Really nicely down the pipe, but for a tall guy, he can get up here. The combinations go here just backed up on the ropes in front of us for sure. There's a confidence almost a swagger about Shaquille Johnson in the fourth round. doesn't rush anything slow. He really takes the fight to Thompson down card. Those shots that he throws, those bolo shots the body screw up through the middle as an uppercut. They're really effective when you're tall as he is. Those double shots and get the key just beginning. to break through Brad Paul. I mean, even with that tight defense, he still shot and having some success. But Paul will be the type of guy that's happy to kind of just move the point. At some point in this fight, there's only a 10 rounder. We're going to see him kind of come forward and put the foot on the gas. It's a good job. And again, Yep. He's got very good fundamentals. Grand Paul always has. It's the slippery awkward whipping shot from Thompson. Nice shades of another away from Sheffield the great surf on the inside. That's a potenti very Johnson. HE'S BEEN PROUD. HE'S GOING FOR IT. AND NOW WE HAVE A BIG TWIST IN the point. This is unbelievable. GRAB PAUL HAS won it out of the fire and INTO THE LIMELIGHT. GRAB PAUL IS BACK AT 32. never write him off. He did it against Nathan Heene. He was being outboxed pretty much from start to finish by Shaquille Thompson. Terry Stewart read the riot act and Brad Ps went and the whole Sheffield cap. Frank Warren can't believe it at ringside. That is extraordinary. Terry is celebrating Brad Paul. Lovely guy. How did he do that? Round late on. And the right hand there from Brad Paul which he'd been throwing occasionally through the night. Finally gets the one. Bang on the chin for Thompson and floors it twice and Howard Foster calls it off. Thompson loses Darren for the first time in his career. That right hand there may have just earned Brad Paul's a shot at the IBF world title. That's how important that shot was. And I hope he gets it. Up until the Nathan Heene fight, which was a few fades ago, the first one, not many people knew who Brad Paul was. He deserved a big opportunity. That was an unbelievable comeback when a stoppage. Look at this. He was not going to let Thompson off the hook. You thought Willie survived. The legs were still gone. There was another shot here. He desperately tried to hold on. There was a short right hook and Howard Foster straight in. Look at the scenes afterwards as well. That right hook there. You can see Howard Foster having a look. Another right hand on the top of the head. And that's all she wrote. Incredible scenes. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, HERE IS THE official time. 1 minute 30 seconds of round number nine. Our referee in charge, Howard Foster, waves off the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout. And now, the IBF International Middleweight Champion, THE NEW KEYBOMB, Brad Ps.