Kind: captions Language: en Canelo, by the way, was top of the rankings. If you can put the rankings back up again, Canelo was number one. Obviously, Canelo coming off that defeat to Terren Crawford. Mike, we know that Canelo's looking to come back in September. It's Mexico versus the world. Canelo will headline. It's good to see Canelo saying, you know what, I still got some more work to do in this boxing game. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, Canelo Alves is still the biggest star in all of boxing. He's a legend and no shame in losing to Terren Crawford, of course. Canelo Alers, I've seen some people try to say like, "Oh, maybe he's going to take a soft touch next." No way. You know, I've been hearing some of the names tossed around for Canelo. He wants a title next. &gt;&gt; I almost feel like you're saying you hear some of the names. You know who he's going to fight. Mike, give us a clue. I mean, is it going to be Christian Embily there? Who's number three? I mean, I'd love to see him against number eight there, Hamza Shirz. That would be a good one. [music] We want to see Diego Pacheco take that next step as well potentially. What are we looking at? Are we looking at number one versus number [music] three? Don't get in trouble here, Mike, but it's someone on that list, right? Hey, I do know that you know Ring Magazine if you have a vacancy one versus two or one versus three can usually fill that and Canelo Alvarez and Christian and Bey that would be an amazing fight if it happens. They actually faced off at the Ring [music] Magazine Awards. So that is an option. I would love the Glaciius fight and like said earlier that Lesa Martinez fight Martinez and and Bey that was one of the best fights. What a fight that was. &gt;&gt; Shakur, are you surprised that Canelo is still doing this? I mean this is a guy that's done everything. I always say get in, get rich, get out. He's got very rich. He's won every single belt you could win. Are you surprised that he's still sticking around? &gt;&gt; You also got to realize that um he don't take a lot of punishment. He got great defense. I think that's one of the most underrated things about Canelo game. Um he keep his hands up. He got great waist movement. And um honestly, I' always been a big Canelo fan. So I'm happy he's still doing it. I'm happy I can still watch him and take notes. Yeah.