Kind: captions Language: en Gabriella, as you collect your titles, congratulations. You know, Mike Tyson had that saying where everybody's got a plan until they get punched in the face. It seems like everybody has a plan against you until they eat that left hand. How did you feel about that performance tonight? &gt;&gt; I think it was good. You know, shout out to my opponent, Vivian Ree. She was tough opponent. You know, she's a d she was the WBA mentor and uh um she was the interim champion. But, you know, I want to thank God. I want to thank everybody for coming out tonight and showing me love and showing me the support. [cheering] I love that. &gt;&gt; You know, everybody in this weight class has been trying to figure out how to beat you. Were you seeing anything different from her early on? &gt;&gt; No. No. Um, right away I think she felt my punch. It was just I wanted to showcase something a little different and I I watched back these fights there. Now I can see you guys. No. So um I watched back my fights and my tapes and actually heard Mora one time say call me flat foot. So I had to show a little movement and in there and I think I did today and um I showcas box. I could I showcase I can brawl. I could do everything. That's why I'm undisputed. &gt;&gt; We did see that the fourth round you came out showing a little bit of a different wrinkle to your game bouncing around using the entirety of the ring. What went into that? &gt;&gt; It was just something that we were working on. Now you guys saw saw my uh little ingredient. So that's what we're working on. And um I'm I'm glad you guys enjoyed it. &gt;&gt; You've been mowing down all these opponents at 112 lbs. Seven title defenses for you now. Third defense of your undisputed championship. Has it been difficult at all to stay motivated as you go into each one of these training camps? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Because I know every fight is going to be a different fight. It's just now how we're going to get the knockout. This one was with the movement and you saw that uppercut and and I think she well she didn't see it but but we were able to showcase something different and I just like that I'm learning new things and and growing and maturing. So with each fight it's just I want to see how my performance is going to be. How can I top the the last one? You &gt;&gt; said you got one more fight left in you at 112 rounds. You want to get that last WBO ring around your finger and then you said you want to go down. You weighed in under 111 pounds for this fight. Can you really make 108 later this year? &gt;&gt; I think I can. I think I can. As far as I know, right now I I can, but um we'll see. We'll see. Maybe the plans change. Maybe there's something someone that catches my eye at 115 or maybe at 112 if they want to come down. But as of right now, I'm enjoying the moment. &gt;&gt; What's the fight out there that you're looking at? You've been so dominant in these lower weight classes, whether it's 108, 112, 115. You're probably going to be the favorite in whatever fight you go into. But is there a big fight out there, whether it's this year or the year after that you're looking at? Not of right now. Right now, I just want the fans to go home and remember that damn that Pandora, she always gives knockouts. So, it doesn't matter who steps into the ring because the last name that they're gonna remember at the end of the night is Pandora. &gt;&gt; You did say at the start of that sixth round, we heard your dad say she's ready to go. Did you sense the moment there at the end of that fight? &gt;&gt; I did. I did. I sensed it early on, but again, I kind of was holding myself back because I I know that anyone and punches hurt no matter what you throw. So, I I I just wanted to kind of uh give fans a little bit more. I know it's you're always training alongside your brother, but with him having a fight a couple of weeks from now, does it make these camps a little bit more fun? &gt;&gt; Now, I know he's excited. In two weeks, Sebastian's going to be fighting, so make sure you guys tune into that, too. But I know he's ready for a knockout, too. Just what he witnessed that he's going to see how he could top it. &gt;&gt; Congratulations, Gabrielle. &gt;&gt; Thank you.