Kind: captions Language: en The winner receive my instruction. Protect yourself at all times. The bell never lost to Takumo in November last year. Intelligently, isn't he? He's not forcing it. He's not getting greedy. He's just ups it ever. so slightly and the accuracy and the speed of shot so impressive. Estrada just landed a one-two there, but Nasukawa just taken the sting out of the shot. Gips to the right hand side. &gt;&gt; Was good there from Nasawa because he's physically pushed him back a bit to create the space to throw the post. That's not a bad thing either. Be a body coming forward with a one through half a step back from Masawa to take this thing out the shot and count him with a lovely left hand where he hit you or hit you with a single right hand. &gt;&gt; Oo, spinning off there. Nice left hook, but it was more off balance there. Struggle. He's jumped straight on in Masakawa. But just both taking the weight out the shots right now. This is really good work from both Barry. &gt;&gt; Yeah, especially with again there hooks. &gt;&gt; Well, we credited the the footwork of Masakawa and it's demonstrates really good skills with left to the body to play. I think the heads come together. It loo like a stunning shot to the body. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure if he's complaining about fashion heads here. The referee's not counting. It looked like a beautiful left to the body upstairs down and then back upstairs finding openings that way. Good variation will work. The speed very very impressive from that. &gt;&gt; Look at the variation. shots raining in from all angles. Two opponents here. They're both different same hands with different angles and just taking a step back again. See the defensive improvements. So noticeable here. Straight wide and followed by a one upper. This is a very very impressive round from the 27y old massive power. Keep his moments like he does there. Massive power. Nice free shot combination pushing Estrada back. He's trying to find a response, isn't he? Estrada just missing with that one. The way he missed that in. &gt;&gt; Yeah, really good. He missed by sending him shot. &gt;&gt; Nice jab from Estrada, but he's avoiding that right hand. Good footwork from Nasakawa. &gt;&gt; He's boxed well so far. That's Yeah, I know he's bigger. and all these things but he still is a legend and he's still got well he's used that side of his advantage very know perfectly good look from the second best here that's for sure really really good work from going to go through the gears in stunning fashion so sharp desperate to get back to winning ways oh the fight's off referee is waving this one one no longer can continue in this. Is there an injury? There's some issue there &gt;&gt; for the Mexican charge. Mike Griffin stops the contest upon request of the corner. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. Yeah. And he gets his eighth win of his career.