Kind: captions Language: en conclude the prelims in true style. There you go, you're looking the part in the ring, Tia. That was so impressive. 4 and 0, four knockouts. How do you sum that one up here tonight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a great experience. This opponent was a lot more game coming at me and everything, but I think I like fighting people when they come at me more cuz they walk into my shots and that happens. Had her down in the first round, but took your time. Was that perhaps down to not just the experience you've picked up so far through the four fights, but the fact you had the eight rounds to play with as well? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I had eight rounds and also I've had like eight-week training camp, so I don't want to waste it all in one round. Might as well get the rounds and get the experience. It's gone fast, hasn't it, since you made your professional debut a little bit earlier on this year. How do you reflect on the last 6 months or so as a pro? Uh my life has been amazing since being a pro. I like love being with Matchroom and everything's such a good experience and hopefully 2026 could be the same. Listen, Katie Taylor said you're the future face of women's boxing. The praise doesn't come much bigger than that. Darren Barker on commentary here saying, "Look, I'm not getting carried away. We're looking at a superstar here." What does that do to your mindset this early on? Um I think it's very good for me and I think it just shows everyone that when I tell you all that I'm going to be undisputed world champion in four categories, you can all can start to believe it. We were just speaking to the team there. Look, still only 19 years old, big fights to come in 2026, but they're looking maybe at the domestic scene, winning that British title outright, making more history. What's in your mind for the next 12 months? Yeah, I want to win the British title and defend it three times so I can keep it and then hopefully fight for like a world title. Do you believe you Look, you've been nice and active this year. Do you believe Tia you could be a world champion in 2026 if we asked you now? Yeah, definitely. I think I could just take all them belts straight off that Sugar Mims. And a good little pocket of support as well in here for you tonight, come down from Bristol. A final message to those who came out tonight. Thank you, everyone. I love you all. Thank you.