Kind: captions Language: en with one of the combatants in that fight. Bang out. I'm here with the goat. We can't We can't come to Michigan and not talk to Claressa Shields. Claressa, how you feeling tonight? I feel really good, man. It's some great fights tonight, very entertaining. Very entertaining. So, we're also we're looking forward to another entertaining scrap on on your part. You're re- returning to some hostilities with Franchon you had a rivalry with with her in the amateurs. A rivalry with her in your pro I was at that pro debut. You guys really fought and I I will remember thinking that was a really tough pro debut. That was a good fight. She could fight. You know, you don't you didn't get a you didn't get a gimme in your pro debut. How How How are things different this time around with you and her? Um I don't think it's no different this time around. I think that Franchon has proven herself over time. She's been undisputed. She's took a loss, you know what I'm saying, but um with that she still remain on top. And if anybody wants to beat me, she doesn't She wants to beat me more than anybody in this world because I already beat her uh two times in the amateurs, our pro debut, and then it'll be our fourth time fighting February 22nd at Little Caesars Arena. Any Any adjustments that need to be made? Anything you see different on her part now after you've seen her several times in modern day? You Any anything you see differently that you got to be careful with on her part now? I'll tell you what, Franchon got a big right hand, but I've elevated and got so much better in my career over the years. We fought 9 years ago our pro debuts. I feel like I've gotten so much better, so much faster, so much smarter. And I think that when I go back and watch our pro debut film, I'll be able to see what all I need to do against her, but I know that overall I'm the better fighter. I'm the more skilled fighter. I'm the most accomplished woman fighter in women's boxing. I just became a Hall of Famer yesterday. So, [cheering] um it's a lot of pressure on me to perform and to show everybody why I'm a Hall of Famer and I'm how I became a Hall of Famer still still being active. Um how I got a $8 million deal and why I'm being able to sell out all these arenas 16, 17,000 people. I'm I'm really excited to put on a show for Detroit and I see everybody February 22nd. You know what? You All those things, all the accolades, you continue to pile them up. Made me feel old. I can't believe it's been 9 years since that debut. I feel like I watched you guys yesterday you know, we had that battle. Talk to us about this big this major deal you just signed. Yeah, I just signed a $8 million deal with Win Promotions and Win Records and Sleekster Promotions. Uh collectively, it's a four-fight deal. Um what can I say? You know, the goat finally gets paid. I've put in put putting in a whole lot of a hard work. I started fighting in Detroit at the MGM Grand. I fought at the Masonic Temple. I've never fought here at Fox Theatre though, but to be able to go from MGM Grand and then fight at Little Caesars where it's 16, 17,000 fans and being able to sell out, it shows that all my hard work and everything has paid off and that's why all my accomplishments is why I got the big deal because I sell out arenas. Everybody want to see me fight. All my fights are entertaining whether it's a knockout or not, but I definitely have the most skills in boxing for the women. And that's what I I I tell people when people ask me, you know, how is boxing different from a regular job? I said it's just like a regular job. The better you are, the more they pay you. And that's why she's the goat. Got it.