Kind: captions Language: en Both know the rules. I expect a clean contest. Obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourself at all times. Eight rounds, touch gloves. Thank you. Jack Very strong team melly man just got straight out the ring sat down ringside as I say they spired in the build up to this Nice to the body there from But she's busy in and out with the feet there. Ramos is busy though, isn't she? She's letting the shots go. Twos and threes lively on the the feet. So, as you said, Barry's making TMA at think about how she's going to find these openings. Oh, &gt;&gt; good little left hand there again from Ramas. Really clever work. Little screw shot, wasn't it? right through the guard. He's tucked those elbows in aton again. This is a a really really competitive fight this we've seen these South Americans tough as they come. So yeah, you got to find another way to to get your arm raised at the end of the contest and a bit more increase the tempo's up from both here. There some really good work from both Ramos and some sharp combinations from Ramos on the back but she's beat her to the punch here. Ramos I think she seems as if she packs a punch as well and growing into this you feel starting to creep forward a little bit herself. Will that help teammate Aan Ramos there every time &gt;&gt; full of confidence being to work here that's for sure round is he a lot more disciplined in this round again like you mentioning not so intense This is BETTER for the gear. Man, this is really good over tags. RAMOS BRADLEY comes back to step on the way up. &gt;&gt; Constantly frustrating is Ramos with this movement. Who has a lovely left hook there from a one two? She looks so strong, so hurtful when she goes through the gears with Catherine Ramos from Brazil shown lots and lots of good work. Has the Brazilian feel the last three rounds at really gone through the gears and looked good? &gt;&gt; Well, it might it'll be the weight of the punch. That'll be the difference over these two. That'll be it. That and that will only be it by the way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, still a spring in the step of the Brazilian. Couple of deep breaths there as she's walks forward, but &gt;&gt; she has played her part, that's for sure. Just missing with a right hand there. TMA8 as we hit a cover for the last 10 seconds of which has been a really good scrap. Nice double left hook from Ramos. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after eight rounds of action here in Nottingham, we go to referee Kevin Parker. Scorecard, it reads 77- 75 for your winner. She's still undefeated. The star girl, Tia Mayan.