Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. That winning feeling maybe the moment that Josh Kelly realized he's good enough not just to be in there with Bram Matazalv but to beat Bram Matazalv the new IBF 154 lb champion. I think the deepest division in boxing. It's big fights here on in now for Josh Kelly as he raised off that belt that he's been dreaming about since this fight was made. Not many people believed he could get it done against the so-called boogeyman of the division. He got it done and he got it done in good fashion as well. &gt;&gt; He's never shown that before. And against me. &gt;&gt; Getting closer with the name. Getting closer. &gt;&gt; Mr. Zlay, he had he'd shown us something we hadn't seen before. He can climb off the floor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he can win. And that's what he needs to do and that's what he done. Just because he hadn't shown before, like we touched on earlier, doesn't mean he couldn't. He was outstanding tonight. Show bravery beyond means and in them last two rounds got the job done. Had he came out, stuck to a game plan. Adam Boo went on to me this morning about how perfect he's been. And how good. &gt;&gt; Congrats, Adam. Honestly, congratulations. &gt;&gt; And how good he done. And Adam was adamant this morning when he said to me, "Tone, everything has gone perfect." And he just said to me, "Now I've just got to hand it over to him. He's got to do everything he's shown me in the gym." He said, "I've had them spot on 15 rounds with killers." So, as I said before, Merv, he just couldn't get going tonight. And he just and that was down to Josh Josh's movement. Yeah. &gt;&gt; His accuracy and counters. I don't think there was enough attempts. And I've got to point out there is a difference between outboxing someone and running. And at times tonight he did run, but at the most important times, he got his respect. And Metallv had no answer to it at times, especially them last two. I &gt;&gt; I think it's important to remember the narrative going into this fight as well as who Metazal was. I I don't want the narrative to change after Josh Kelly's put on that type of performance. Going into the fight, he was the boogeyman that couldn't get a fight because of what he did to Tim Zoo. &gt;&gt; That's why he's here, Adi. That's why here. Merv has had to travel over here. No one wants to fight him. Everyone's given him a wide birth and he didn't want to go near him. Josh Kelly took on the bogeyman in the division. Now I'm not he's obviously he's not the best in the division, but he's the most avoided in the division and that's clear to see. That's why this guy, the world champion, is traveling to Newcastle to an opponent's backyard. And tonight, he's been outought. He's being out maneuvered at times out punched. Um that might surprise him. I think I think the power of Josh Kelly maybe surprised him a little bit where he was a bit hesitant to come in. Normally he steamroll you Matali. I felt like he was deciding to stay out maybe a bit too long. I said at the start of [music] this fight the most important fight punch tonight for him was the jab. That's what got the knockdown. That's what that's what got me respect. And for me now Josh Kelly's got to build on this. He's got to be active and for me the future's bright for him. I I really like the future of Josh Kelly. He's a good fighter. He's wellrounded. He's gained a lot of experience [music] over the years. He's been through a lot of ups and downs and tried and tested. [music] He's come through the most important night of his life. He won't talk about this no more. Oh, it's just another world title. No, it's your world title, son. Yeah. This is a night you'll remember forever. No one can ever take this [music] away from him. It's a great victory. It really is a fantastic victory here. Some of the best moments from it again. This is the moment. The moment you wait for when when the scorecards are tight as well and you're thinking it could go to the other man, it goes to him. And as you can see, the whole team, Frank Smith [music] involved as well. Very, very excited. Not just because of the win, but I guess because of what's next in Puerto Rico in the early hours of morning, Zanderhire Stan Abbasal. There's a lot of talk about boots versus Virgil Ortiz. Sebastian Fendor looks like he's going to take on Keith Ferman. What I'm trying to get at is that it is the busiest division in boxing and all of those names are big names. So, we should see some big names up here in the Northeast. Again, &gt;&gt; if Ortiz and Boots doesn't happen, then you know, this is the easy fight to make. Both slide them in, right? Both under the same stable. Uh Boots is extraordinary. I'm not going to lie. Extraordinary fighter. The boy can do the lot. The absolute quality quality. So he's got to get now he's got to get to the point now where he he's he needs a challenge. Addie, he needs a challenge. And it's so hard now because he's come world champion. You've gone right up to the highest of highs. And you've got to find someone who who puts a bit of fear into him, frightens him. That's what got the performance out of Josh Kelly tonight. The fact that Melv turned up and he struck the fear of God into Josh Kelly tonight and he boxed exactly like that. Can I chuck one name in? Go on. &gt;&gt; That I've not mentioned. And again, these guys were linked for maybe two or three years at 147 pounds. We've seen that guy now jump to 160. You know where I'm going. There's a young man called Connor Ben out there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Who a lot of people think we struggle to get down to 147. Why not get down to 154 and finally get it on against Josh Kelly? &gt;&gt; That's a big fight. &gt;&gt; It's a big fight. &gt;&gt; But Connor hasn't had any fights at 154. Yes, he's had the victory over &gt;&gt; fought a 147 for four years and he wants to fight a 147. &gt;&gt; I get it. But he'll always have that in his mind. he can win a world title there. Yeah, &gt;&gt; because that's his original weight. But &gt;&gt; it's one thing that being the original weight and it's another thing being at another weight for two years. I know I've done it. &gt;&gt; So, you know, once you go back up and wait, I'm not going to lie, it's very hard to come back down. He hasn't encountered that problem yet cuz he hasn't been in a ring. But listen, tonight's not Connor's night. Tonight's Josh Kelly's night. And we need to go on about the performance against Mer Salv and how good he was. He was brilliant, had he? And them last two rounds when everyone questioned them, when everyone said he might swallow it. He hasn't got to half it. He might bottle it. No, he dug in and he won them last two rounds, the most important rounds in the fight. When he needed it and his back was against the wall, he came out after getting dropped. And listen, he got dropped heavy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; he got dropped really heavy. And he's shown huge kahonas tonight. He got up and he got I'm I'm proud of the lad. Good on him because he's proven so many wrong. I'm not going to lie. when he was doing that ring walk tonight, I thought to myself, this is too much for you. &gt;&gt; I thought this is all too much. &gt;&gt; Because we have seen the David Aanium fight. We saw the the last couple of rounds against Davis. We seen evidence there. We haven't really seen any any evidence to suggest that Backram wouldn't come through to it. Very quickly, it is a team effort. There there is a big team around Josh Kelly, but obviously the number one in that team is Adam Booth, who's had some fantastic charges over the years. Andy Lee, &gt;&gt; David Haye, George Groves, we can go on and on and on. Ryan Bernett. &gt;&gt; Ryan Bernett. This might be one of his best victories, the biggest ones. &gt;&gt; He'll feel that the most because he's gone on about Josh Kelly from day dot. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he's sung his praises and people have laughed at him at times because of the lofty heights. He's pretty he's he's talked about and he's never shown it. And every time he's gone on the big occasion, he's fell short. But tonight, he's got the job done. And all of Adam's booth's talk has come to fruition tonight. Adam knows the game. Adam knows the fighters and he's been around them a long enough. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; he knows talent and I'm really happy for Adam. I really, like I said, woke up this morning just before me and Darren Bark went to play golf, I bumped into him and I just had a 5m minute chat with him and he was supremely confident and if Adam Boo supremely confident, &gt;&gt; you know that you know there's an issue. &gt;&gt; Yes. You know there's when he said it's he just said I'm handing it all over to him tone. I've done everything I can. There's no excuses whatsoever. Spartan 15 rounds with killers. the it's the preparation. It's it's the it's the attention to detail. Adam knows all about that. And tonight, Josh fulfills his lifelong gym. &gt;&gt; Good on him. &gt;&gt; Good on him indeed. Good on Josh Padley as well, the new European super featherweight champion. Well done, Tim. Alif Tahan. Maybe not the best performance, but keeps hold of a IBF lightweight belt. And good to see Leo Tang get some rounds. So, we normally see him do one round. He decided to give us three rounds, which is good. Yeah, exactly.