Kind: captions Language: en Gentlemen, keep the fight clean at all arms. Listen to my commands at all times and protect yourself at all times. Good luck. Todd gloss. &gt;&gt; Every night such a vital one for Tony Yoker at this stage in his career. It seems a long time ago when he won that Olympic gold medal and he's had a mixed professional career. Talent hasn't quite lived up to expectation, but he's settled now with Don Charles. Fight number 18 for the huge man from Paris in with Patrick Corte and it's number 30 as a professional for Corte who's had a win since we saw him lose a couple to Nelson Heiser on the Portman Road where Fabio Morty found the punch from the gods to this match Justice Honey and Patrick Corte was taken out fairly early. can punch 11 knockouts on the record, but so can Corte Darren. &gt;&gt; He can look, he's physically very strong, as you can see. Lots to creep forward on the front foot, but that becomes his downfall. He walks on to shots and someone with the accuracy, the speed of Joker. He could be in a bit of trouble. You've seen already near the jab of Joker. Very impressive. &gt;&gt; That's what Joker is going to have to do. You know that the way Patrick Cota is fighting, he's somebody who likes to fight, you know, rough, fight on the inside. He's more like, oh, that's a fantastic another one again, but really catches the gloves of his opponent, like you said. Oh, he walked into that uppercut there, but he's strong. &gt;&gt; It's going to take a lot of those to actually send it to the canvas. &gt;&gt; Perfect shot though for for Yoka, the advancing Corte and and that's what he likes. He just loves a rumble. Right hand around the top of the head. His legs don't quite look as good as they once were. Patrick Corte just trying to grip the canvas. There's always spirit and will and he's really taking the fight to Yoka. He knows no other way. And I think if Yoka just is careful here and gets behind that big jab that gave him so much success as an amateur that he can come through this, he needs to cuz 2026 is a key year. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it has to be for him. And he's picking the right shots though. Corte coming forward. He's crouching down. So, he's landed a couple of good uppercuts. That's a shot that he can continue to throw. He's looking for the right hook as well. But the jab is setting up everything as it does again there. &gt;&gt; And there's already damage on the Corte nose, the bridge of it, which has been busted up on several occasions. As we said, stopped five times, but within 19 knockouts, not many Patrick Corte fights go the distance &gt;&gt; either for him or the other way round. But anyways, um, so far so good. It's the way he fights. Look at that lovely uppercut there. And yet, &gt;&gt; oh, and he's just bundled down. That was the right uppercut. I think that might be the end of it. &gt;&gt; Wonderful shot. And then he was just sort of tipped over at the end of it. The coming wins in one. It was an uppercut that did the damage and then it was a delayed reaction. Corte didn't really know where he was. It was all over. The corner wanted him to see no more. And Patrick Corner is dispatched in one. Tony Yoka gets a very easy victory, but as a confidence boost that will be big for him. He's had real difficulties. A lot of people had high expectations of him in France [music] and he had those three defeats in a row and people sort of lost they lost hope. But Tony Yoka hasn't. He's a good guy. He's a very intelligent man and he's rebuilt under Don Charles. And as you said, there's no better heavyweight coach than Don Charles. &gt;&gt; No, he knows how to to train these big guys. And he's got a big guy here with bundles of talent. He's not even loaded up with that right uppercut. And you can see the damage that it's done. Lovely guy. As you say, he's got a nation behind him, but this is the time now to really push on. Let's try and make this man a superstar in France. And then again, another region that we can go to and and celebrate the good fighters that that nation has to [music] offer. You know, you have to talk about Carlos Takam as well, who's of African origin, but also fights out of France as well. And uh I must say that he's impressed me really, really. I've not seen too many of the rounds, so of course we were only able to see one, but eventually Tony Yoka is delivering a very You said it was easy. I don't think it was [music] easy. He set it up very well for himself. And you know that Carter's corner were chilling. and they were they were trying to see whether he was going to be able to get back up, but when they saw the look in his eyes, they knew that he they had to throw in. &gt;&gt; It was that delay reaction. You mentioned Carlos Tackan, what a warrior he was. But Joker's got more skills. If you just look at the way Ce comes in, there's the right uppercut and then he just gets also a little shoved down. And I mean the the punch had done the damage, I think. But &gt;&gt; I don't think I would call that a shove down. Watch it again. I think was even trying to hold him up. Not intentionally though. Did you see &gt;&gt; that was the shot? &gt;&gt; I don't think it was the shot. He was he was going to go down. &gt;&gt; That's what I thought first of all when it was live, but to be honest, he wasn't getting up. &gt;&gt; Okay. Do you know what? Sorry. I said it in one of the previous fights. If you're young or you're an up and cominging boxer and you want to see how to throw an uppercut, here's another example. He's not telegraphed it. He's not pulled it right back. There's no shows. But the accuracy was absolutely on point. And look at the damage that has done. &gt;&gt; It was a strange one. Um, you could have a right to complain, but Corte was was pretty much finished. And to be honest, the writing was on the wall. Those uppercuts were going to land again and again. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Absolutely. He wasn't protected himself, so we we we knew that that was going to happen. Anyways, I think the official decision is a straight is a slam dunk one. We all know what it is. So, we're going to go straight. We will still go straight because it's the procedure in boxing. We go to the ring announcer. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after just 1 minute and 57 seconds of the first round, your winner BY KNOCKOUT, Tony Yo. [screaming]