Kind: captions Language: en I've been promoting boxing for 60 years. I've had the privilege of working with some of the greatest boxers the sport has ever seen. Two of &gt;&gt; the very best in the world here. &gt;&gt; I've seen it all. I've done it all. But this isn't the end of an era. This is the beginning of a new era. Top rank is now on the zone. It's the global home of boxing. Bob, we haven't seen you in a while. You've been in hiding, so to speak. You're always at all the fights, all that your your shows. You're always there from the very beginning to the very end. Do you miss not being able to attend some of these shows? Absolutely. I love these kids. Uh we have this uh unbelievable lineup of really good young fighters, nice kids who work hard, and it breaks my heart not to be at the fight supporting them. You at Top Rank have done a tremendous job over this last eight or nine months while you've been looking for a new network deal of keeping your fighters busy and keeping them successful. You've had guys win big fights, win world championships over these last eight months. Now that you're settling in with this new deal with Done, you have some stability there. What are you hoping is the next chapter for some of these good young fighters that you have? We only were able to use some of them because we had limited opportunities over the past 8 months. And thanks to the zone and the entities that it was using as its promoters, they made their fighters available to our guys for really good good contest. And pretty much our guys came through and hopefully we'll now be even more successful. So we have this vast vast group of kids like Xander Zas, Abdul Mason. They all have great names. I mean, who could think of Davis in that? &gt;&gt; What about what about Shoo Shu Carrington? It's like a a movie comic. He he grew up in a neighborhood that wasn't half a mile from where I grew up. This opportunity where uh we're linked up uh with uh uh the zone which has this big audience in boxing. It is really going to be a marriage made in heaven. And uh uh the zone puts on fights promoted by other promoters uh like Oscars' company and bar and Eddie ern and we've dealt with them for years. So Frank Warren in England. So it should uh enhance uh the product that um uh they will be showing on the zone. So, it's about 60 years since you first got into boxing promotion. You started that show doing a show on closed circuit. You went to the networks, you went to cable, and now here you are 60 years later signing a deal to do streaming full-time. It's kind of a a full moment there. Well, I mean, my uh career uh in boxing and how uh it's made available to the public uh really mirrors uh what's happening with communication uh in the in the world. You know, if we had uh talked about uh what is now back then, people would have suspected that I've had a little too much to drink. &gt;&gt; You look back at that first show 60 years ago with Ali and Shiovali, what are your best memories of that night? To use the phrase best memories in conjunction with that event is a stretch because it started out to be uh uh a much bigger fight. Ali and uh Ernie Terrell, one owned uh one had the WBC champion, one had the BA and this was going to be a unification match and it was going to be held in Chicago. That's when Ali in training uh said that uh he had nothing against the Vietkong and wasn't going into the service. And uh uh Mayor Daly threw us out of Chicago. We kept Illinois Commission threw us out of Illinois and every commission in the United States threw us out. We ended up in Toronto, Canada. uh and the co-owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs uh got into a argument with his uh Connie Smite uh his co-owner and he had a uh uh buy Connie Smite out uh in order to uh get the opportunity to but the fight uh in Maple Leaf Gardens. So to say that uh I was thrilled because it was my first fight. Uh it really meant more than that to me. I was thrilled because it happened that it was over. &gt;&gt; But you loved it enough to stay in the game and do fights for &gt;&gt; No. What happened was that was going to be it &gt;&gt; finished. Who needed this trouble? But then I realized that Ali couldn't get a license to fight in the United States. And when I heard uh about uh the uh plans that were underway uh that uh they were going to charge him with uh a criminal act for not uh agreeing to serve. Uh I realized that they would take his passport. Couldn't go out of the country and his career was definitely then over. And then the Brits came riding in and uh uh they had a fighter Henry Cooper who Ali had fought previously. They arranged a fight between Ali and Cooper in the old Arsenal stadium. And then uh another promoter uh in England arranged a fight with Ali Ali to fight Brian London and that led to a third fight overseas with Ali against KL Mildenberger which was in Germany. And so all three of those fights were televised by ABC on Wide World of Sports uh uh by by satellite and the audience, needless to say, was enormous for all three fights. &gt;&gt; It was like the original streaming, so to speak, with &gt;&gt; Yeah. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. In a lot of ways, I've been blessed because uh the innovations which I have seen occur with my own eyes and I've been part of not that I've developed them but I've been part of uh really changed everybody's lives. At this point in time, we've come to the era of streaming where most of the uh pictures and events that people watch, they stream, whatever the hell that means. But all I know is you can lower your screen in your house and and put the zone on and watch a fight. &gt;&gt; All those years, all those fights. And I've asked you about this in the past, but the one fight that you'll always remember, the one that's at the top of the list that you sat and watched, &gt;&gt; I think for a second, and there are two candidates. One is my all-time favorite fight ever was Marvelous Marvin Haggler and Tommy Hearns. because of the tour that we had them go on to publicize the fight. And for some reason, because we had them on this tour, they rubbed each other the wrong way. And by the time the bell rang for the fight, they forgot everything they knew about boxing and they just wanted to make it into a street brawl. And it was fantastic. It really was something. people who were there still recall it. The other fight uh was different and it took place in Manila in Thriller in Manila where Alli and Joe Fraser had the final go at it where Ali with his superior boxing skills took a lead. Fraser, who was nothing could deter, came on and it looked like he was finishing Ali and Ali just put himself in a position where he wasn't going to lose and fired back at Fraser and finally hit Fraser enough that he closed Fraser's eyes. And so Eddie Futch, the trainer of Joe, wouldn't let Fraser come out for the 15th round and Ali won that fight. And that was absolutely an incredible experience. &gt;&gt; I would think too uh beyond boxing, you had the opportunity to promote Evil Conval over the years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you look back at those memories fondly? &gt;&gt; No. I think, you know, it was first of all the idea that Kieval would get in this Tunville kind of thing and jump the Snake River Canyon and land on the other side, not get killed was fanciful. I mean, just couldn't happen. And we're dealing with a human life, you know? I mean, so there was something macabra about it uh that in retrospects really looks terrible. This was a guy who said, "Uh, I I want to do this and take a real big chance of killing myself, and I want you all to watch if you pay $20." Even when I was part of the promotion doing it, I really felt strange. So, no, that isn't something that I remember with any fondness. &gt;&gt; Okay, Bob, congratulations. Excited to have you uh on his own. Hopefully see you back ringside at some of these fights. &gt;&gt; You will. I'm not going to go back if I'm on crutches, but if I'm not on crutches, I'll be back. It should be certainly no later than a month.