Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the press conference where for the first time the watching world will hear from both Tyson Fury and Asc Mcmanov for the very first time ahead of their seismic heavyweight showdown right here at Tottenham Hotspur on April the 11th coming to you live on Netflix. Well, what twists and turns await us today. Well, ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to one of the great venues in the world for sports and entertainment, Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, London. We are here for a very special launch press conference to make a very special announcement. Ladies and gentlemen, on Saturday, April 11th, here at this stadium, one of the most popular and charismatic fighters of many years is about to return to the ring. Ladies and gentlemen, the Gypsy King Tyson Fury returns and he takes on one of the biggest KO punchers in the division today, Arlanbach Makmud. Spencer Brown, the CEO of Gold Star Promotions. Now, Spencer, let me ask you this. Did you genuinely believe that we'd be sitting here today promoting the return of Tyson Fury and took talking about a push for him to become a three-time heavyweight world champion? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I did actually um speaking to his family and his brothers and everybody. Tyson's um Tyson loves boxing. He's an historian. There's nothing he doesn't really like about the game. He talks about it all day, all night. We've been rung for tickets by some of the some of the top celebrities of the world, some of the top sportsmen around the world. They all want to come to this fight. The return of the big GK, &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury, you &gt;&gt; listen, talk to me. You've seen Tyson at every stage throughout his career. What does this return mean for you as a band who's been by his side from the very, very beginning? Well, first of all, I'm pleased that he's he's coming back when his powers are still there. He hasn't retired for 5 years. By the time this fight takes place, it'll be 18 months. He's in with a live opponent, a real live opponent. He's got a knockout ratio of 90%. Um, big banger. I think 17 of his fights he's won in the first round. So, this is a big step up for Tyson. But for Tyson to be coming back now to the sport, it brings a a total new level of interest. Again, for me, he's I think he's the best heavyweight of his generation. And I know we're going to people are going to say, "What about Usyk?" You know, those fights were very, very close fights, but Tyson, I just feel is is, you know, he's he's he's got so much still to give and to prove, and I do believe he will win a third world title. Aslambeck, welcome. We're just under eight weeks away from what will unquestionably be the biggest night of your career. What was your personal reaction when you heard Tyson Fury was coming out of retirement and you were at the very top of the list of potential opponents? First of all, hello everyone and uh I want to say thank you first of all uh his excellency for this opportunity. Uh yes, I was very happy. I was very happy when I hear this news. Uh because uh for me it's dream fight it's uh all my life I uh go for my goal go my parents told me my uncle told me you have to you when I was 9 years old they told me you're going to be champion world &gt;&gt; now you posted a photo of you and Tyson Fury 10 years ago when you were a fan what is it like looking back at that now and being sat here on the top table about to fight. &gt;&gt; I believe um &gt;&gt; when we took a picture almost ago, it was like signal from from God for this uh day going to be happen. One day I going to be uh meet with this guy and uh beat him. That's why this my goal and uh I believe God prepared for me like this. Why have you decided to come back? And was there a catalyst? Was there one moment where you thought, do you know what, I've still got it? First of all, thank you to everyone who turned out for this press conference today here at Tottenham. Um, thank you to Turkey Alshape for putting this show on. Thank you to Netflix, um, Spencer, Frank, everybody who's been involved. I came back for one reason only, and that's to make boxing great again. Since I retired for the fifth time um over a year ago, boxing for me has gone on a downward slope um it's become quite boring and boxing is at its maximum potential when Tyson Fury's actively fighting and I didn't say that and AI the cleverest AI on earth said that chat GBT so believe it. I'm looking forward to the event. I'm looking forward to coming here and putting on a real show at Tottenham. And most of all, I'm looking forward to punching his face right in. To be fair, it's been a while and I missed it. What better thing can a man do than punch another man's face in and get paid a lot of money to do it. I missed it a lot. And now we got big Matt Madov over there. I'm going to write him straight off completely. I'm going to make his face look like a butcher's block after about four rounds. T I've noticed a lot on your Instagram, through your socials. You've spoken a lot about being happy and feeling blessed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that little bit of time away from the sport seems to have healed something there. Do you think that a happy Tyson is the most dangerous version of Tyson Fury? &gt;&gt; Every day I wake up, I thank God for everything that I have and everything that I am and everything that I become. And I suppose the biggest turning point in this um comeback for me was a tragedy that happened with Anthony Joshua. Um, I was on holiday with me family in Thailand for Christmas just to get away from the rain. Sick of the rain. It was depressing me. And then I hear all that bad news that's gone on. And I thought, you know what? Life is very, very short and very precious and very fragile. And anything could happen at any given moment. And you should never never put things off until tomorrow or next year or next week because tomorrow is not promised to nobody. The Bible says tomorrow is not a gift. Tomorrow ain't promised. &gt;&gt; How does this fight end on the 11th? talk to me. Give us a prediction before we get into the face off. &gt;&gt; How does it end? Probably a big right hand KO. &gt;&gt; Nice and easy. Want to give us a round prediction? &gt;&gt; Round six. Why not? I think a good even number. &gt;&gt; Mystic Tyson. &gt;&gt; Here they are, ladies and gentlemen. Face to face. The Lion versus the Gypsy King. &gt;&gt; It all goes down. It all goes down on Saturday, April 11th, right here at Dottenham Hotspur Stadium, London, live on Netflix. The number one streaming outfit in the world. Netflix giving their fans another reason to have Netflix and another reason to get it.