Kind: captions Language: en And we are back. Chris Manx, Sergio Mora. He's the fighter. I'm the writer. Sergio, it is 2026. Boxing is back this weekend. Championship fights are back this weekend. January is loaded. Are you pumped for the start of the boxing season? &gt;&gt; Of course I am. We get to we get back to work, Chris Manx. And uh I know that you're pumped because I see you got a haircut there. You look like an adult version of Bart Simpson. Terrible haircut. Who cut your hair? What are you talking about? Same guy's been cutting my hair for like the last 10 years. &gt;&gt; I have never seen it look that bad. But if you notice, I'm growing my beard. So, you know, we both are growing. I'm growing hair. You're getting a haircut. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; A man with a beard would never starve. In the words of Ernest Hemingway, &gt;&gt; you're like three weeks away from looking like the guy in Knocked Up that has the bet that he can't shave his beard. That's how far away you are. You're starting to look like you're starting to look a little unruly there, Sergio. I got to tell you. &gt;&gt; Well, look, whenever the cameras are on, I mean, the real cameras when it's fight night, then I'm going to spruce up. Then, you know, the boss won't let me have the the the beard. I got to clean up and I got to get facials and then get I get back to work. But for right now, I'm still in my winter phase. It's my winter phase, man. That's what it is. &gt;&gt; Winter phase. Winter's been going on for a little while now. I don't think winter phase should be starting. &gt;&gt; Come on, man. It looks good on me &gt;&gt; immediately. All right, we got a lot to get into on the show. We're going to talk about Tyson Fury back in training and potential opponents are out there, Sergio, raising their hand uh for the possibility of facing Tyson Fury. We're going to talk about Demetri Beivville getting ready to return himself, eyeballing some big fights in 2026. We're going to start with the big fight happening this weekend. On Saturday, we will get our first championship fight of 2026 when Subriel Matias defends his 140 lb title against Dalton Smith. Some controversy surrounding this fight. Back in November, Matias tested positive for Osterine. That's the same substance that Ryan Garcia tested positive for after the Devin Haney fight. Uh both the New York State Athletic Commission and the WBC have elected to allow this fight to continue. I don't know what to say about that, but it means that Smith will go into his first world title fight against one of the best pressure boxers in the entire game. So Sergio, does Dalton Smith, 18-0 Dalton Smith, have what it takes to outbox Subriel Matias? &gt;&gt; I think he does, but I don't think he has enough to win the fight all the way to the end. But it's going to be a good fight. boxer versus puncher. I really like this kid, but I just don't think he has the championship experience to deal with Subreel Matias who's coming off some of his his probably his best win against Plo. Uh another boxer mover that he was able to pressure Southpaw and he was able to handle that fight. It was a good fight, close fight, but Matias found a way to win. And I think that's that's what he the what Smith Dalton Smith is gonna actually be facing. And I think he's going to have issues with Matias the later this fight goes. And I just don't think he has the power to keep him off. He's a good puncher. He's a boxer puncher. He's not a strict boxer, but you need to get the respect of Matias or you're just going to get ran through because this isn't the same Matias that fought Liam Parro. ParrO wasn't a puncher. He moved a lot. He was a good boxer. He beat Matias. But the thing about M uh um Matias is he learned from that. So now he knows how to cut down the ring. Cut down the ring. Cut down everything. So, it's going to be one of these fights where I think Matias gets a late round stoppage. &gt;&gt; Oh, you said a lot there, and I'm not sure I agree with, you know, much of it. Um, Matias can be outboxed. We've seen it happen twice. Petra Sananian did it in 2020. Liam Parro did it in 2024. You mentioned the Puo fight. Uh, that was a really competitive fight. That could have gone either way. and Puo used the ring, used his boxing skills, and almost pulled off the decision against Subriel Matias. I think Dalton Smith does have the skills to outbox Matias. Um, the question I have is, does he have the motor? Now, in talking to people that are in Dalton Smith's camp, one thing that's come up a lot is that they have really gone to school on that Liam ParrO fight. And you use the word get the respect of Matias. I don't think he'd get the respect of Matias. Liam ParrO didn't get the respect of Matias. Liam Parro what he did in that fight was he didn't look to hurt Matias. He looked to touch him and he kept touching him and he kept putting, you know, hitting him with his gloves, making sure that he made contact and avoiding those rushes that Matias is so known for. If Dalton Smith implements that same strategy, I think Dton Smith is as good or better a boxer as Liam ParrO. I think he's a stronger fighter than Liam ParrO. I I think he's got the ability to have a a similar outcome. He's not going to knock Matias out. There's there's no real debate there. I don't think Matias has been in with some big punches, 140 pounds. I don't think Daltton Smith has the power to hurt him. But I do think that Dalton Smith can take a page out of that Liam Parro playbook and, you know, outbox Matias for 12 rounds. &gt;&gt; Parro had a better resume than Dalton Smith. I think that's going to be the difference. And you talk about the engine, the conditioning. That's what makes Sel Matias special. You know, it's the fact that he his conditioning is so excellent. It seems that he get he keeps getting stronger and stronger as the rounds go on. And guys that don't have power to hurt him. That that's why they end up falling prey to this because they end up having to box off the ropes or continuing to box in circles. And Matias in close fights is going to keep going forward and in close rounds are usually going to edge the aggressor. And that's what I think happens with with when you're facing a guy like Sub Matias. Alberto Alberto Puo actually had power. He had the right game plan, but he he kept fighting against the ropes. He kept get kept getting cornered. And if you can't keep the fight in the middle of the ring boxing or get the respect by punching, then Matias is going to mow you down. And I just I just don't think Dalton Smith has the experience. Uh I think he has the toughness, the skill, and the speed. The chin is up in the air. I want to see how he takes a punch as well, but it's all going to come down to can you keep this monster off you for 12 rounds cuz you're not going to knock him out. So, Dante Smith's going to have a long night. I think he does well in the first half, probably wins the first half of the fight. It's the second half of the fight. I think he's going to have issues with with keeping this beast off him. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the MO of Matias, right? Where he lets you get a f a few rounds in, and then the middle of the fight, he wears you down, beats you up, and for the most part knocks you out. I think you make a good point about the resume of Dalton Smith. I mean, if you look at it, his best win is probably against Jose Zapeda and that was a very &gt;&gt; it was a very faded version of Zapeda. He'd already been beaten by Hitchens, beaten by Progay. He wasn't the guy that he was earlier in his career. After that, you're looking at a lot of UK domestic wins. Not to say those aren't good wins, but they're not really worldle guys that he was beating up at this point, including the last two fights, which have been domestic level guys. Um, as well, I think one variable though, Sergio, that needs to be watched here, Matias did test positive for a banned substance, and he tested positive in November for a substance that among other things like increases your energy. Like that's the kind of thing that ostine is supposedly known to do. That's why Ryan Garcia got hit so hard um in the aftermath of him testing positive because a lot of people connected the ostene to the energetic performance that Ryan Garcia had. I mean the New York Commission, the WBC, I don't agree with them just, you know, waving this thing on, rubber stamping it through, saying there wasn't really enough in his system. It could have been something tainted. I I don't know about that. But the reality is he was popped back in November. Um I don't know what impact a a you know a drug might have on someone like Subriel Matias. Like if he comes out as a lesser version than he once was. If he's not this buzzsaw that we've seen early in his career, then maybe you kind of wonder and say, "All right, well he tested positive in November. Was that was has his his career been something of a product of a band stop? I think you have to keep that in the back of your mind when you're thinking about how this fight might play out. I look I I just think if if Dalton Smith can just try to touch up Matias when he comes forward just tap him combinations. Get out. Don't look for the knockout. Don't look for some big counter shot. Don't try to knock him out to the body. It's just not going to happen. But if he can just touch him up, frustrate him, keep moving, I think he's got a chance to do what Parro did back in 2024. &gt;&gt; You look, you uh you talk about the the failed drug test in Austri when it comes to Srira Matias and and this is a thing whenever you catch a fighter that's done been so dominant and scary. Matias was knocking out undefeated fighters. This is going to be Matias's seventh undefeated fighter on his resume. So the the the the record is definitely on Matias's side. He's the one with the experience. He's the one that that beats guys into submission, but then he pops for Ocarine. Then all then there's a a red flag. Then there's kind of like a scarlet letter on him. Like this guy needs to prove himself when he's clean. In this fight, he's forced to be clean. And we're going to see if he can actually still do it on the big stage and gets an undefeated another undefeated boxer puncher and motivated guy in Dalton Smith. If he does that, I'm not saying all is forgiven because he still tested negative and he still was able to continue this show and and this fight, but it shuts it shuts a lot of people up, especially his biggest critics. So, that's what I want to see. I want to see if that monster is going to be on display. The guy that just non-stop takes punches, you know, he he doesn't have the best defense, the best upper body movement. He just keeps coming and it's early where you can hurt him. He kind of reminds me of another Puerto Rican champion, Felix Trinidad. Trinidad used to go down a lot early in his fights. You know, he used to get clipped on the chin. He he didn't have the punch resistance, but he would get mad. He would get up and knock guys out, you know, undefeated fighters out. Matias is cut from a little bit cut from that cloth, but Trinidad never got popped cheating. So, uh, yeah, he has a lot to prove. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And look, you said that you think that Matias learned something from that parro fight and proved. I haven't seen it. I mean, the the guy we saw against Puo last summer looked a lot like the guy we saw against Parro in 2024. I just think he's the same guy. He is a come forward pressure fighter. I don't think he's the biggest puncher in the world. Doesn't win with one punch types of knockouts, but he does just wear you down. I think it'll be really interesting when we get to the fifth and sixth round to see if Matias still has that same motor, if he's still the same guy that we've seen in previous fights. That's what I'm watching. And I look, I I know Dton Smith is untested, but I do think he's a pretty good fighter. And I think if he's committed to boxing in this fight and not looking to slug it out with Subel Matias, he's got a pretty good chance of winning a decision. It is a fight in New York and it's a a Matias card. We should point that out. Even though I from what I can tell, nobody's buying any tickets to this fight. Um, it is a Matias promoted show, so you got to keep that in the back of your mind. A Puerto Rican fighting in New York, that's usually good for the Puerto Rican. Um, but you know, all those variables aside, I think Dalton Smith's got a pretty good chance of of outboxing Matias for a decision. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, you got to remember, uh, Parro and Po were southpaws. You know, they were boxing, they box on the back foot, but they were left-handers. And, uh, this kid 18-0, doesn't have the experience, doesn't have the resume. He has a big backing in, well, he has a backing in the UK, and he, you know, he has a lot of potential. He reminds me of Carl Frampton a little bit, but Frampton proved to be the goods on the championship level. Dant Daltton Smith has a lot to prove. But if he can get past a beast and a monster and a champion like this, the UK might have something special in Dalton Smith. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And just to to add on to the the strategy part, like Jeremiah Pon, undefeated at the time, tried to slug it out with uh Serriel Matias, he got knocked out in the fifth round. Uh Ergesev, big puncher, undefeated, tried to slug it out with Matias, he got knocked out in the sixth round. If you try to slug it out with this guy, his motor, at least it has been, uh, better than all of his opponents. But if you just try to box him, stay on that back foot, keep moving, he doesn't have great footwork, he doesn't have great technique, you can outbox Subriel Matias. We've seen it happen before, and I think Daltton Smith has it in him to uh to ultimately do it again. Um, all right. Uh, Dimmitri Bevil. Haven't heard that name in a while. Remember him? He is preparing to make his return to the ring. Bivo has not fought since defeating Archer Betterbe in the rematch between the two back in February. He had back surgery last summer that kept him out for the rest of 2025. Sergio Beivville is targeting a mandatory title defense against Michael Eert in the first quarter uh before looking for bigger fights which could include the rubber match with Archer Betterbe. Sergio, are you down for Bevil Betterbe part three? &gt;&gt; I am. And even though better be of his, you know, 40 years old and long in the tooth, it remind me of Canelo and Triple G when they had when they had that trilogy, you know. We knew that Golovkin wasn't the goods no more. We knew that he already was a 40-year-old fighter, you know, but we still wanted to see it. We still wanted to complete that third fight in that trilogy cuz these guys deserved each other. Bivo is a boxer. Better be a puncher. Both these guys are are are really well-rounded like boxer punchers. uh only Bivville does it with his footwork and better BF does it with technique and cutting off the ring. Both of them have excellent jabs. Bivos is more snappy with speed. Better BF is more of a ramrod jab and they know each other well. You know it's 24 rounds of boxing and both of them I mean majority decisions the first one better be have I thought should have probably believe should have probably won better have won the second one it was the vice versa. Uh, it all depends what you're going for, but either way, they're these guys are meant for each other and I want to see the third one because sometimes in that third fight, we get the knockout as well. &gt;&gt; Wait, you thought better be have won the rematch. &gt;&gt; I thought Bivo uh boxed first. I thought Bivo won the first one. Better be B have won. And it was vice versa the second fight around. &gt;&gt; You thought Better B have won the rematch? &gt;&gt; I did. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, All right. Well, I think that's crazy. Um, I I think that, look, for starters, I think Beville, it's the right thing to fight someone like Michael Eert. Like, Michael Eert is one of those IBF mandatories. That makes absolutely no sense. Has done nothing to deserve this opportunity. It is the perfect way for Dmitri Bevil to get back into the ring to defend his titles, keep his IBF title, and look good against someone like Michael Eert. After that, absolutely. Yes. bring on better bevo part three. Now I've been on record saying that I think Bivville owes Archer better bev this fight. Like Archer Betterbe &gt;&gt; after beating Bivville the first time around turned around and fought Biv in the rematch four months later. Yes, both he and Bivo made a pile of cash career best money fighting those two fights in Saudi Arabia. But it is 1-1. Betterbe did give him the rematch and I think Beivville owes it to Betterbe to do it one more time. Better be is coming up on I think next week he's 41 years old or at least this month he's 41 years old. So the clock is ticking on the career of Archer Better. I think that fight needs to happen summer fall at the latest of of 2026. And beyond that like who who else is there? Like who else is at 175? Like David Benvdz is going north. David Benvdz is going to cruise. I'm telling you, Sergio, my guess is that if Benvitz beats Zorder Ramirez, you are never going to see Benvdz at light heavyweight again. Why would he do that? He stays at cruiserweight. He fights Gaia Pataya. Maybe he tries to take a swing at someone like Usyk in the heavyweight division. You are not going to see David Benvdz drop 25 pounds to go back to 175 to fight someone like Archer Betterbe or Dmitri Beble. That's just my opinion. That's the way I think it's going to. &gt;&gt; I'm not. Look, I I I agree. especially when you're dealing with an older fighter and Bivo is not as you know he's not a young buck either he's 35 years old and that's where the leg starts to fail you and it could happen overnight. The thing about both these guys is their age sounds bad especially you talk about 41 with better bib but he's not he's he doesn't bounce on his feet. He's a flatfooted fighter and he doesn't have a lot of wearer. I mean you look at how many fights they have. Better be bib has what 21 fights. Uh you look across Biva only has 25. not a lot of miles, you know, so they they really are are in put in a position where they deserve each other and that age doesn't really tell how much they really been through that ring. Uh I think the third fight's going to look similar. I mean, both fights or majority decisions. I think this time around we get either a unanimous decision. I doubt we see a knockout, but we'll we'll get a clear winner. And if it's Better B that finally figures out Bivo and Bivo slowed down a bit because of uh those 35 year old legs, then maybe BetterB can finally pull through and win this uh rubber match. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but if you go back and look at the second fight, it was BetterB that looked like the older fighter. Like BetterB in that second fight started fast, which we never see our &gt;&gt; and that's what I liked. I like the fact that Better Biff started fast like that. You know, that's what you remember. You know, you remember in that last fight. That's why I say, yeah, it was a close fight, but I like better be's fast start, his aggression, the fact that he took the fight to Beville and then Beville turned it around in the second half. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but he started fast and then faded fast. That's when Bivol took over. And that's why most of the people watching, myself included, and two of the judges thought that Bivo came away with that fight. I I just I worry about the legs of Archer Better be. I get what you're saying about the miles on the tires, but he has had a lot of operations over the years, man. like he's had knee issues, shoulder issues, probably elbow issues, god knows what other issues he's had in his career. Jaw issue at one point. Like he's just been banged up in a whole bunch of different ways. So I I I do think that there's wear and tear on Archer Better, but it just there's nothing else for either one of these guys that remotely interests me. Go up and down the 175 pound rankings like we've seen u better bev against Callum Smith. Do we really need to see, you know, Callum Smith against BBball? We've seen some of these other second tier guys. Joshua Boatsi is in at 175. I'm just I'm just thinking these guys that are there that you don't there's no urgency to see that fight. Now, I will say this, Bivol better be BF be just like Bivo better bef one and two depends entirely on the whims of Turkey alashik. Remember that first fight would not have happened between those two guys had Turkey Alashik not been there to spend the money needed to make that fight happen. You can ask the folks over at Matchroom. You can ask the folks over at Top Rank. There just wasn't the money on the table to make Beville better be not in the US, not in Canada, not in Russia. Now, there's been some reporting that, hey, maybe the Russians could be interested in putting that fight on. Maybe the IBA could be interested in pwning up the cash, but the only person that really has the money to make both these guys happy with their 10 million plus purses is Turkey Alashik. So, we'll see if if Turkey wants this fight, if the Saudis want this fight. If they do, it would seem to be a pretty easy fight to make. Remember, they fought twice in like five months. They didn't face each other for years and fought twice in five months. If the interest uh from Turkey is there, I can see this fight being put back together uh pretty quickly. But it is entirely dependent, Sergio, on on what Turkey wants. And I think he's such a big boxing fan that he needs uh he needs a final fight. He needs a what is it? Finity, is that a word? He needs closure. Like all of us, we always need closure, especially when two fights, you know, are split between the two. We don't have a clear winner. It's always the case. It's always the case in boxing. So, we're going to always want to see, okay, who was the better boxer? We still don't know. Better be able, you know. So, uh I think it's worth shelling out that money. And I think whenever you're dealing with a a boxing fanatic and someone that loves the sport and really wants to throw money at the best fighters to make the best events, it's his excellency. So, I think Turkey is going to make this happen. &gt;&gt; I'm looking at the 175 rankings just, you know, across the multiple sanctioning bodies like David Morell, no interest. Uh Ben Whitaker not there yet. Um yeah, there's nothing. Joshua Batsi, there's nothing even like looking at I mean the guys at 168, maybe somebody comes up, but not right now. I mean it's it it's not it's not a great weight class right now at the top. So you know, whatever happens with Beville against Michael Lifford, if he comes through that fight clean, got to make Beville versus Better BF part three. That's still one of the biggest fights you can make in in all of boxing. All right, let's talk about Tyson Fury for a minute. Tyson Fury, the former heavyweight champion, has not fought since December of 2024. He's preparing to make his return to the ring this year. And at least one top fighter, has put his hand up to face him. Fabio Wardley, the recently elevated WBO heavyweight champion, says he would love to face Fury, telling Fury to give him a call anytime. Sergio, Fury is likely to take a tuneup fight after more than a year out of the ring, but are you interested in Fury Wardley later this year? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I mean, Tyson Fury, you got to give it to him. If he takes a tuneup fight and goes after another undefeated 6'5 big power puncher, athletic, that's the thing about Wley, he's athletic. What made Tyson Fury so special? the upper body movement, the speed, the jab, the fact that he didn't fight like a typical big man even at six foot nine. I know you don't believe he's six foot nine, but I do. &gt;&gt; He is. That's not a question of do I believe. I've stood next to the guy a dozen times. I'm 6' three. He is not 6'9. &gt;&gt; Okay. What is he? 6'8. &gt;&gt; Six. &gt;&gt; 6'6 says you box. His record says something different. He's a giant man. All right. And Fabio Wley is at 6'5, more athletic than uh Tyson Fury. Better footwork. I think they both have &gt;&gt; Fabio Wley has better footwork than Tyson Fury. Come on, let's get real. &gt;&gt; Look, I know this is going to sound weird. Tyson Fury, we've seen him do it on the big stage, so we know he has the better footwork. But if you really think about Wley and how he's barely evolving on the championship level, he's come a long way since that Clark fight. I mean, that that draw with Clark and they came back to knock him out the first round. He got his confidence after the back. He was getting out boxed by Justin Honey. He was able to to to find a way to win. It's the footwork he's going to need to beat a guy like Tyson Fury. Be able to back him up, be able to foot faint, be able to get real clever. I see that in him. I really like what I see with Fabio Worley. His upper body movement and footwork. He's one of these guys that's really athletic and he knows how to fight like a smaller man. And against Tyson Fury, that's what you need. Size is not enough as Deontay Wilder and so many other huge heavyweights found out. You got to get on the inside. You got to try to outbox him just like Usyk did back to back. It was footwork and speed and experience as angles. That's what beat a big man like Tyson Fury. Bobby Worley has a little bit of all that. He just hasn't proved it on the big stage. And that's what I mean by by different footwork. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love a worldly fight for Tyson Fury. I think it's a very big fight in the UK. Not on the level of Fury Anthony Joshua, but no fight is on the level of Fury Anthony Joshua, but it is a pretty big domestic fight. The fight that you could probably do in some kind of stadium summer of 2026 and do a pretty good crowd, Wembley or or something like that. Tottenham Hotspur, I don't know, somewhere in that area. Um, I am done disrespecting Fabio Wardley. I did it once. I paid for it against Joseph Parker. I was wrong. I told Fabio Wardley I was wrong. He graciously accepted my apology. He is a very, very good fighter. But &gt;&gt; remember, I picked Wley to win. He thought I was nuts for &gt;&gt; Yeah, but then you pivoted later and picked Joseph Parker. So, you rode the Yes, you did. It's It's on file. Yes, you did. Um, I &gt;&gt; I do think that Wardley's style is pretty tailor made for Tyson Fury. Like Wardley can punch, no doubt about that. But Fury's been able to handle punchers in his career, most notably Deontay Wilder. He's also fought Vladimir Klitschko. Like he has been in with some of the bigger punchers in the heavyweight division. And look, we give Worthly credit for knocking out Justice Honey, for knocking out Joseph Parker, but he was down against Justice Honey. And I I think it was it was close or he was down. &gt;&gt; Who would fight against Parker? &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, but it was competitive. I I don't I don't see Fury falling victim to the same outcomes that Justice Honey and Joseph Parker did. I think he's he's got two I mean, look, he's been knocked down, but he's got a good chin. He gets up, doesn't get knocked out. Um, and he's a big guy. Uh, eye level are or better than uh than Fabio Wardley, and he's got those boxing skills. He's going to be able to fight on the outside, jab, stick, and move. That's the kind of fight that I I I hate even saying this because I know Fabio Ward is good and I don't want to pick against him again, but it's the kind of fight I think Fury could win wide. Like I think he'd win a kind of a lopsided decision because I think his boxing skills, as long as they haven't eroded too much, and that's another big question for Fury being what, 37 years old, out of the ring for as long as he he has, uh, but as long as those skills haven't eroded, I still think he's one of the best heavyweights in the division. If Fury can box fight on the front foot, I think being on the back foot would fall into the hands of Wley. If he can do that and work on that right hand, punching down, Wley has a habit of of dipping to the right and keeping his head there. That that's cool when you're dealing with heavyweights that that aren't accustomed to bending down. But Fury, if he can really, you know, target punching down, he can actually catch Worley uh on the side of the head and it'll be one of these, you know, type type of knockdowns or type of a, you know, equil equilibrium punch where it can actually, you know, affect Warley moving forward. But like that fight, I like the matchup and I would I would probably edge it out to Warley again just like I did against Joseph Parker. Be a damn good fight. &gt;&gt; Okay, once again, you picked Parker in the last pick that you made. wrong. &gt;&gt; You did. &gt;&gt; All right. Whatever. We're not gonna We're not gonna find out. But I remember me and you went at it and I said, "Worley's gonna I like Worley in that fight." &gt;&gt; You did. And then subsequently the week of the fight, you picked Joseph Parker. Just &gt;&gt; that happens often with me because sometimes, you know, I start looking at at the way a body the body's looking, the the the temperament, the way he's acting, you know, and of course the weight, you know, whenever they weigh in, how how how they look. But with heavyweights, that doesn't really matter. It just, you know, it goes off of feeling. But I like Fab Worley. I think, you know, at 31 years old, he has a lot of fight left. And all these other guys, they're they're a lot lot of a lot older, especially a guy like Tyson Fury at 37. &gt;&gt; Wait, so I want to get this on record. &gt;&gt; Get on record. &gt;&gt; Wley Fury, summer of 2026. You are taking Fabio Wardley to hand Tyson Fury his third pro defeat. &gt;&gt; Yes. By decision in a in a really good fight. &gt;&gt; This is like But that's the crazy part. Like if you told me that Fabio Wley was going to knock Tyson Fury out, I can kind of see that because we've seen Tyson Fury knocked down before, we've seen him hurt before, we saw him knocked down by Francanu, like he gets knocked down. Maybe Fabio Wardley at this advanced age of Tyson Fury can do enough to get the knockup. But you I don't know how you're seeing the the level of boxing skill in Fabio Wley to outbox Tyson Fury who has &gt;&gt; say out box, out point. And here's the thing that you're not looking at. Aside from age, 37 years old. So age plus inactivity equals &gt;&gt; uh Tyson Fury not being at his sharpest and a and a young hungry fighter that has momentum coming off his best wins. Probably his best win against Parker going in a different direction. So I like Wley. That that's where I'm seeing it. &gt;&gt; Well, which again, you'll probably change your mind after you see Tyson Fury blow away whoever he's gonna fight in the first quarter of this year. And look, that's going to we'll learn a lot about the state of Tyson Fury then. Right now, he's back in training camp. He's talking like a guy once again that is looking to fight until the wheels come off. Um I look again, whoever he fights in the spring, we'll find out what he has left in that fight. But if there is still a lot left in the tank, Sergio, I can't envision a scenario where Wardley outboxes him. If you tell me he stops him, I'll buy that. He's got power. That right hand is real. It's getting better every single fight. This is a guy that did not have an amateur career. He's learning on the fly. He's getting better every single fight. But he's not a better boxer than Tyson Fury. Tyson Fury was on the pound-for-pound list for many years. You're not going to see Wardley on that pound-for-pound list. You're going to see him with heavyweight championships, and that means more because that means money. But the idea that Fury's going to get outboxed by anyone at heavyweight besides I never said I'll box, but I'll point, I'll pressure. &gt;&gt; Tell me what the difference is. &gt;&gt; A guy that's coming forward, a guy that's always a guy that's coming forward, a guy that's always touching you. We know that Tyson Tyson Fury likes being against the ropes a little bit too long sometimes. A guy like Worley's going to keep picking, pecking, punching the chin, punching the both sides of the body, and then, you know, Fury will start moving, start jabbing. Worley has good upper body movement just just like Fury. So, I just like the younger fighter, the fresher fighter, the fighter with momentum. And theory, man, whenever you're dealing with with going up and down, fluctuating in weight, it's bound to catch up on you, especially the older you are. Trust me, I &gt;&gt; It hasn't It had not like that. Well, Fury once was 400 plus pounds. Went down in weight and got a draw against Deontay Wilder in and got off the deck in the 12th round, followed it up with two straight wins against Deontay Wilder. So, if anyone can shed the weight and get back to looking like he once did, I just want to be clear and on record for myself here. Like, cuz I am not, don't aggregate me, anybody. I am not dissing Fabio Wardley. I think Fabio Wardley is a very good fighter. I think he's getting better every single fight. It's just Fury is a pound-for-pound guy when he's at his best. He's a great boxer. And I don't really know what you're talking about when you're saying he can't he can outpoint and not outbox. The only way you can really outpoint somebody is if you outbox him. Unless every round is that you win is a knockdown and every one that you lose isn't. I I don't really understand that &gt;&gt; better be outpointed the better boxer in Beville. That's what I mean. Outpointed him when he when he beat him uh that second time around. You just touch whatever you can. Keep coming forward. Keep coming off the ring. Just apply volume. That's what that's in a close fight. That's what judges are sometimes going to favor. That's how I could see a guy like Worley being an older inactive champion. That's all I'm saying. Former champion. &gt;&gt; I don't know, man. Like the Justice Tuni fight was revealing, the Parker fight was revealing, you know, the eraser is there for Fabio Wardley, but if it's a a if it's if it's Fury at like 90 95% of what he was against Alexander Usyk, which is still the only guy to ever beat Tyson Fury, for the record, um I I think outboxing him is is a little bit of a pipe dream. Maybe land that one big shot. Land that one big shot. That's a game changer. I could see that happening. But the outboxing uh I do not. Uh you know, Fury can't let it go. He's ready to get back in the ring. I mean, you do share that with him, Sergio. I'll give you that. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, he's a he's a madman. I mean, he's he's one of these guys that just loves fighting. And if you're getting the amount of money and attention that Tyson Fury is is getting, then then you need it. You know, guys like that need it. And you're not going to stop until someone stops him and and knocking out that big man. And no one's been able to do it. He's faced some of the biggest punchers in in Wilder and others. I just, you know, Fury's one of these guys that that needs to be put down uh permanently in order for him to stop because the Gypsy King's going to keep coming. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, let's finish in the heavyweight division because we have another championship level fight over in Germany. A Cabayel, the interim heavyweight champion. He has got a homecoming fight against Damian Neba, undefeated Polish heavyweight. Cabay, of course, has been on a tremendous run, beating, knocking out several top heavyweights along the way. Most recently, Jay Jang, who Cabel beat up with a flurry of body attacks last February. Now, he gets a uh welcome home fight against Neba before looking on to bigger fights in 2026. Cabel said recently that he feels like he is the boogeyman of the heavyweight division. And Sergio, do you agree with Cabayell's assessment? &gt;&gt; Look, I'm a big fan of Cabay. I think he is the future of heavyweight, but I wouldn't call him the boogeyman just yet. I think he's more of like the dark horse, one of these guys that will get to the finish line and no one's looking his way. He's an excellent body puncher, maybe the best body puncher in the heavyweight division. He he fits all the boxes and the first man to stop Gile Jang, which was impressive. Something Wilder couldn't do, something a lot of fighters couldn't do. I mean, Joe Joyce, you know, two cracks at him. Uh, Joseph Parker, another former champion that had a crack at him. Ergovic, I mean, a lot of good fighters couldn't stop uh a big bang, but this man was. So, I got to give him credit. You know, he digs down to the body. He knows how to fight, you know, get on the inside. He has a big right hand, sets it up with a nice jab, and I think he's evolving nicely. So, I think he is the future of the heavyweight division, but I wouldn't call him a boogeyman just yet. Well, he's 33 years old, so he's the present of the heavyweight division. I don't know if he's the future. I'm not sure how many good years Cabel has left. And I actually agree with him. I think he is the boogeyman. Um, you look at the guys that Cabel has beaten over the last couple of years. He knocks out Arcelyn McMudof back when Machmud was undefeated. Looked like one of the most fearsome guys coming up the ranks at heavyweight. He knocks out Frank Sanchez, who was undefeated at that time. He knocks out Jay Jean. So, he's not just beating guys, he's beating them down. This is a guy that's not the tallest of the heavyweights, but he wins with hand speed, with footwork, and that body attack that you were talking about. And like, someone is a boogeyman if other top fighters are not looking their way. And you don't hear any of the top fighters mentioning the name of A Cabay. don't hear about Alexander Usyk defending his unified championship against Cabayel. I I haven't seen Fabio Wardley talking about fighting Cabay in his next fight. Um Daniel Dubois Jeang like you know in a rematch like there aren't a lot of these top tier heavyweights are not looking the way of Cabel. So I I think he is the boogeyman. And look we talked about this a little bit on our last podcast outside of Usyk. I think Cabiel is the number one heavyweight in the division. I think he's better at this point than Dubois. I think he's better at this point than Joseph Parker or Wardley or any of the other, you know, top guys that might make up the top of that division. He's proven it with his recent fight. So, yeah, I think he is the boogeyman because until somebody's, you know, at the top level is calling his name and saying they want to step in the ring with him, I'm not sure what else a boogeyman has to do to be called that. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, look, if Cababaya is the boogeyman in your book, then what do you call Itama in your book? &gt;&gt; Rising superstar. Like, he's not the &gt;&gt; in these eyes. I think Moses Itma is the future. Guaranteed. He can't &gt;&gt; He is because he's 21 22 years old. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's the future of heavyweight. He's the boogie. He's the He's a He's a pup of a boogeyman, but he's a boogeyman. All right, don't get it twisted. This guy has power. He's a southpaw. He has footwork and he has age on his favor and he has a big promotional backing. So, I think Moses Tom is not only the future, but he's also a boogeyman. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but that he's not the boogeyman. &gt;&gt; Look, man. The thing about Kabay, he he grinds fighters down. He's He's kind of like a a Ken Norton type, you know, one of these guys that knows how to chop guys down. He knows how to fight like a big man, but he gets on the inside and gives up his his size. He He's a damn good fighter. All right. And he's very popular in Germany. I think he's going to sell a lot of tickets, especially if they keep him in that home base. But they gota they got to still be careful with him because he could still have a hiccup. I think I think he is the future. &gt;&gt; 33. He's 33 years old. What do you want the guy to do? &gt;&gt; Heavyweights can fight until the mid to late 30s. I mean, look at all the top heavyweights right now. They're all 35 plus, &gt;&gt; you know. So, &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; He's in his mid-30s. &gt;&gt; Okay. 33. I think he's 33 years old. You're dealing with a you're dealing with a guy that that is an excellent fighter. He's already come up the they they moved him right. He got in this pos position for a reason and I think he will win a world title, but it has to be against a certain fighter. Once these once these belts become available, Cabaya will pick up a title. He's that good. But I also think, you know, there's a lot of guys a lot of a c a crop of new young talent that's right behind him that are going to give him fits as well. So, it's going to be interesting to see what's the next generation of heavyweights. Cabba ya's in that mix. You asked me what, I think a podcast or two ago if he was top five and I said yes, he was top five. Now you're calling him, you know, and they're number one. I just don't see how how that change in what, one or two weeks, Manx, because the only the only person that you could put at number one ahead of him right now is Wardley. And even though Wardley has that win over Joseph Parker, I think that the number of quality wins that Cabel has had over the last couple of years with the guys I just mentioned that that to me is earning that number one spot. Look, this fight in Germany, even though it's against a guy that most people have never heard of, I think this is really a this is a really big fight for Cabay. I've talked to you about this before, but what I've been told is that this fight is selling a lot of tickets over in Germany. It's going to be streamed onto. If Cabel goes out and looks spectacular in this fight, I don't think there's any reason to believe he he he can't do something like that. If he goes out and makes a statement, I think that's going to be big because he's been fighting in Saudi Arabia, and that's great. You're you're getting big fights. You're able to show the world that you're one of the best heavyweights in all of boxing. But this is his opportunity to not just show the world that he's a great fighter, but that he's also an attraction. And maybe there's somebody out there, whether it's someone like Philip Herovich or somebody like Danny Dubois who is like, "All right, I want to fight for an interim title or fight for a vacant title or whatever it may be. Now all of a sudden, I see a guy over in Germany with a fan base. I see a guy who can bring some money to the table as well." Well, I think look, the most important fights of Cababell's career were the three previous ones when he ran the table on three of the better heavyweights in boxing. This now is important for a very different reason. If he sells out the building he's fighting in, um I think that's going to be real feather in the cap. It's going to get Cabielle the fights that he's looking for. If he can get a knockout against an undefeated fighter that's going to be 4 in taller, he's going to be four years younger. He's going to be everything's going to be short when it comes to Cabaya. He's going to be look shorter. He's gonna have the the shorter reach and he's gonna be the older fighter. And if you could pack that house and knock this undefeated, take that guy zero, then it's a great look. Aesthetically, it just looks perfect on this guy because Cabaya in your eyes is a boogeyman knocking out guys and taking zeros in his hometown. That's how you turn eyeballs. So other fighters, other former champions, other names, guys like Dubois and other former champions, they're going to want to look his way even though he's not a champion or a former champion yet because he sells tickets. So, as long as you have a zero on your record and you're selling tickets, putting butts in seats, they want to fight that man. So, I think he is the goods. He is a ticket seller. I think he is a future champion. But to the beginning of your question, Manx, he's not the boogeyman just yet in my book. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but young fighters, you don't look at young fighters as being the boogeyman. Like, it is like this young guy that represents too much risk for the reward that you're going to get. Cabel 33 years old. And look, there's a riskreward. &gt;&gt; I put Fabio Worley ahead of Cabayel and boogeyman. We're not calling Wley a boogeyman. He's far from a boogeyman, but he's he's a good as well. He's He's fun to watch. He's a big man with a big punch. He He gets hit, so he's exciting TV. He He comes back from behind and knocks out fighters. Worley's not a boogeyman. Cabaya's not a boogeyman. But both these guys have the potential to be champions and knock out boogeymen. Well, I I look to to put a button on it. I also think this is where a sanctioning body like the WBC can step in and do the right thing. We we know that Usyk is targeting a fight against Deontay Wilder in the first half of 2026. Great. Usyk deserves that type of fight. He's been in war after war since the, you know, the very beginning of his career, it seems like. But after that fight, if Usyk does not want to fight Cabayel, the WBC needs to strip him of that title or he needs to vacate that title. It's simple as that. Like it's great when guys are able to collect all these belts. But at the same time, if you're not going to defend it against the next top contender and Cabel has had that belt for almost a year now. He's earned a big opportunity based on his previous fights, I I think that's what, you know, what a sanctioned body of the WBC should do. They should recognize that Cababell has earned this opportunity and he deserves to fight for a uh full uh world title. By the way, did they uh did anybody ask you to go over to Germany to call this fight? I figured you'd be big in Germany. Wasn't the contender like a a top show amongst the Germans back in the day? &gt;&gt; No. You know what? It was shown in Germany and I believe uh it did it did well in Germany. But if they do ask me, I will go. I mean, Germany is a fun fun uh country. There's some uh great cities out there and uh yeah, I would love to go to Germany. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; I have that ethnic look, man, cuz I'll fit in any country. &gt;&gt; You, too. I'll give you that. You You can Armenia, Mexico, Russia, it doesn't really matter. &gt;&gt; Turkey, I don't care where I go, man. I I blend in. You, on the other hand, I don't think you can Can you even grow a beard? &gt;&gt; I've had a &gt;&gt; I've never seen you with a five:00 shadow. You're almost You're pushing 50. &gt;&gt; I'm not pushing 50. I'm the exact same age as you. I &gt;&gt; I would say you have a baby face, but you have like a baby butt face.