Kind: captions Language: en Brilliant stuff tonight and this should be a really good fight for the European [music] title. It's a step up for Vidal Riley after that Lonsdale [music] belt victory he got a few months ago. Okay, gentlemen. I repeat what I told you in the dressing room. No rabbit punch. Watch your head. When in tight blow is below of this point is low blow. Above is good. Protect yourself at your time. Obey my command. Touch your gloves. Fast emerging and exciting Vidal Riley. I guess it's the classic clash down of youth and freshness versus sort of seasoning the veteran, the experienced, the the one with all the old tricks. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. He's got to try and get those into play. Right hand from Usyk who was very confident and composed at the press conference on Thursday. Having success here with his accuracy. Sharp shooting and he has quite a pedigree. Usyk gets back with a right hand that comes back to the body and Vidal Riley believes he's going to become a world champion. He's got to keep looking for that right hand Usyk. That's the shot he was a bit too lazy with. He telegraphed the overhead right hand and that allowed Riley to fight back with a counter but it's that shot there. More impetus. He's always believed IN HIS ABILITY. AS USYK comes back with a cracker, Riley takes it. It's a great card this so far, isn't it Barry? Nearly that's good here from Riley letting his hands go. Vidal it is landing on again. He's hoping that that that Usyk is mistaken. He's looking for the right hand. He's getting kicked in the legs before he throws himself down. Vidal Riley Usyk has to do something that he's never done before. That could maybe be the punch of the contest so far. Followed by sharp body shots. He's been here all his life and he's boxed so well. Another left hook to the body. He has to go for it. He's got 3 minutes to somehow hold his European title but Vidal Riley has painted a picture tonight, hasn't he, on that canvas? He's been outclassed. Outboxed, outskilled in every department really. As Carl said earlier, this is a coming of age performance for Vidal Riley. Some solid jabs here from Riley. He step behind that left hand. Usyk is tiring. That left hand he sent in this final minute. Really good display of boxing from Vidal Riley who's going to win the European cruiserweight title. JUDGES AL BADAWI and Roland Norris have it 118 to 110 and Vincent Dupas has it 119 to 109 for your winner BY UNANIMOUS DECISION AND THE NEW [screaming] EUROPEAN CRUISERWEIGHT CHAMPION, STILL UNDEFEATED, FROM LONDON, ENGLAND, VIDAL RILEY.