Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, our highly anticipated co-main event tomorrow scheduled 12 rounds and it will be for the IBF junior welterweight championship of the world. We will first welcome the challenger from Bal Chihuahua, Mexico. He brings a professional record of 30 wins, two defeats, one draw. 23 of his 30 wins come by way of knockout. Here is the former WBA Continental America's champion, OSCAR LA Migra Dwarte. [cheering] 140 even for the challenger Oscar La Migra Dwarte. And now let's welcome the defending world champion from Brooklyn, New York, USA. A 2016 Olympian now undefeated as a professional. 20 wins. Eight of his 20 wins come by way of knockout. Ranked as the number three junior welterweight in the world by ring magazine. And in his second world title defense, here is THE REIGNING AND DEFENDING IBF junior welterweight champion of the world, Richardson Hickens. THE SAME AND EVEN 140 for THE DEFENDING WORLD CHAMPION Richardson Hitchens. You know, Jents, every time I I I look at this card and you go all the way back to the Amari Jones, Lewis Aras fight, it's guys that have headlined big shows throughout their career. I mean, this really is a card of headline act fights. This might be the biggest one of them all. This is an incredible fight in the 140 lb division. &gt;&gt; I'm here with Oscar Dearte, one half of tomorrow night's co-main event. I know you've been working on your English. We learned yesterday, you know, all the bad words. You had some choice things to say to your opponent. What's going to happen tomorrow night when that bell rings? What can we expect from you? &gt;&gt; I I very happy for this big opportunity. I I happy with Oscar de Laoya and every team and I'm ready for really for tomorrow. I training very hard in this camp. I training is my my best preparation and ready for give a title to Mexico and to me. But Richardson, you are not a guy that often promises to knock opponents out, but you've been saying all week long that you were going to stop Oscar Dwarte. Why are you so confident that this fight ends in a knockout? &gt;&gt; Because his approach is going to be reckless tomorrow. He's going to come at me. He's not gonna be patient and I'm gonna have something waiting for him. I'm a superb boxer and this is this ain't just come forward and go for the knockout. He's He's done that in the past and been knocked out. I've never been knocked out, but tomorrow night he'll realize. &gt;&gt; You're 140 lb champion now. What are people going to be saying about Rich Hitchens after this fight? &gt;&gt; Uh I'm still one I'm one of the best fighters in the world. I've been proving it for some time now. every guy out of them fought. I always did the best job against him that other opponents have. He's no different. I'll make sure tomorrow night he know who Richardson Hitches is and I'm the best one of the best fighters in the in the sport of boxing. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, as you've just witnessed with the weigh-ins, we have a fantastic evening of world class and world championship boxing in store for everyone tomorrow night. But now, welcome to the main event weighin for the ring. High stakes barios versus Garcia. 12 rounds of boxing for the ring magazine and world boxing council welterweight championship of the world. So, at this time, let's bring the main event fighters to the ring and to the scale, pardon me, to the stage and to the scale. First, the challenger fighting out of Victorville, California, a 2016 Olympian, now with an outstanding professional record, 24 victories, 20 of those 24 wins by knockout, only two defeats. He's the former WBC silver lightweight champion and former WBC lightweight interim world champion. Ladies and gentlemen, Ryan King [screaming] Garcia. All right, ladies and gentlemen, first on the scale will be the challenger and on the line will be that Ring Magazine belt. on the scale. First, the challenger, Victorville, California's own King Ry [screaming] Ryan Garcia. 146 12 lbs for the challenger, Ryan [screaming] Garcia. and his opponent now coming to the stage and to the scale. Born, raised, and fighting out of San Antonio, Texas, USA. His professional record, 29 victories, 18 wins by knockout. Only two defeats with two draws. He is a twotime two division world champion. the former lightweight world champion, the reigning defending Ring magazine and WC WBC welterweight champion of the world, Mario Elastica [screaming] Bario. The Ring Magazine title is on the line. It's vacant. Two-time two division world champion, former super lightweight world champion, reigning and defending WBC welterweight champion of the world, Mario Elastica Barios. 147 lbs even for the champion Mario Bario. &gt;&gt; Brian Garcia looks lean, he looks muscular, [music] he looks in great shape. Mario Barts is a naturally taller, bigger, heavier fighter. Tomorrow's when you're actually going to see the rehydration and them actually feel out a little bit more. I can expect Barios to look a lot bigger come tomorrow night. &gt;&gt; All right, I'm here with King Ride Ryan Garcia. You look amazing. Uh, how does it feel at this weight class facing a guy that's uh bigger for? &gt;&gt; You know, it feels good. Um, the weight cut was great. Preparation was amazing. Um, you know, I'm just ready to give the fans a great fight come Saturday night. It's going to be a great one and uh you know I'm excited. &gt;&gt; Let's bring your father in. You've had your son this whole training camp. He's not willing to talk any trash. What's going to happen tomorrow night, Pops? &gt;&gt; Uh well, I'm expecting a knockout. So, um I don't know if it's going to be the seventh or eighth, but there's going to be one. &gt;&gt; Well, Mario, that was a long staredown between you and Ryan. What was your final message to him up there on that stage? &gt;&gt; I don't think I had to say anything. You know, I'm ready. Uh the fight's tomorrow finally. You know, I'm just, you know, I've been uh been training for months for this. That's that's all I can really say. Just ready for ready to go in there tomorrow. Ready to put on a show. Ready to defend my title. &gt;&gt; I should get going. &gt;&gt; Not without dessert. Door Dash is on the way. &gt;&gt; Game's about to start. &gt;&gt; Save for the game. &gt;&gt; I'm fully asleep. Coffee it is. Snacks. &gt;&gt; I'm never leaving, am I?