Kind: captions Language: en Fight night on the zone brought to you by that prize guy. Job done. Job done for Moses the job done for Queensbury and the zone. Fantastic fight card here. Magnificent seven is now in the books and we are going to look back at it. Adoopa alongside Carl Frampson, Darren Bar. I was going to say Barry Jones. I'm so used to Barry Jones being and Fabia Ward who's certainly not Barry Jones. Um, very quickly, I was in the ring. Uh, Jermaine Franklin's team obviously didn't stay for an interview. Very, very upset with Steve Gray's stoppage. Anyone have any issues with the stoppage? &gt;&gt; I I get I get it from Franklin because obviously, look, he's just been hit heavy. He's a proud man. He he'd want to continue. I imagine he's the type of person that wants to be would rather be carried out than walk out of the ring. But for the corner man to have a go with Steve Gray and say that fight should have been allowed to continue is not like what does he does he want them dead? What does he want? I have no idea why &gt;&gt; absolutely ridiculous. It was an absolute peach of a shot. No complaints whatsoever. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you've never seen anyone do anything even remotely close like that to Jermaine Franklin. was sprawled out on the floor and clambered to his feet and found his way up but not on steady legs at all not comfortable not ready to go again and and I look he's a pride a prideful man like Frampton said but that's the ref's job at the end of the day is to save you from himself I understand as you said Cole Jermaine Franklin being upset because ultimately he's never been stopped before his corner being upset is what's bothering it's &gt;&gt; because they're the ones that can clearly see he's out cold and they're angry &gt;&gt; I don't know who the corner May maybe they've trained I don't know who they've trained before or what maybe they're loads of experience in this game but in my eyes they're they're idiots. That was an idiotic move. &gt;&gt; By the way, I'm just being told in my ear it was near 20 seconds before Jermaine Franklin got up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I don't &gt;&gt; there's no questions, there's no argument. There's no there's no anything. I again with the corner and and the team and stuff there's absolutely you should be having your fighter's best interest at heart and that's why you have I don't know in particular how long those trainers those teams have been with him maybe they're new maybe they're not but one way or another you should be looking out for your man at the end of the day &gt;&gt; indeed indeed there's more of Jermaine Franken's career to come let's have a look at that stoppage and it was a beautiful shot it's the way in which he set it up as well okay we're going to go through the rounds actually this was the first knockdown Darren What do you make of it? &gt;&gt; It's just so intelligent. The way he picks his shots. Has always fought behind his world. Always looking to to find the trap. &gt;&gt; You threw against Dillian White that there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. He uses that lead hand so well. We see it against Balagan as well, didn't we? But look, look at the feet. Look at that. It's perfect. The way he's just felt the weight of Franklin on him. He's taken a little step back and he's just executed an absolute stunning left uppercut and rightly so close the show. We are looking at an absolute superstar here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what it's good to see and and I say this with Fabio on stage and Daniel obviously we've got almost an old guard of British heavyweights coming to the ending Fury AJ A Jazzor White and we've got a new guard now Fabio Daniel Moses and it's good to see almost this kind of pass that's what it's like and I mean boxing is a at the minute and I mean the heavyweight division especially UK it's it's incredible and Frank seems to have them all all the top heavyweights maybe apart from AJ is that the only one that he doesn't have. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Part-time Dave Allen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, Dave Allen, but you know, the top top guys in the world, it's the the the boxing scene is incredible, but specifically for the heavyweights, I've never seen anything like it. &gt;&gt; And you know, me and Darren kind of looked at each other when he came out and he got the reception from the crowd and I I kind of felt he's not really he's not really headlined here, has he in the UK? Obviously, Dylan White was in Riad Saudi Arabia. Balagan was on the undercard of Josh Taylor in Scotland. So this is the first time he's really walked out to I guess he's crowd &gt;&gt; and he's crossing over, isn't he? You know, to to the sport fan, not just the boxing fan now. You know, I'm speaking to friends that don't really follow boxing, but they know who Moses Talmer is. And with performances like that, it's just going to grow and grow and grow. Momentum, momentum. I don't think it's going to be long until we see him in stadium fights. &gt;&gt; Fabio, you know what I'm going to ask next, Fabio? &gt;&gt; It's the same question I've been asked all night. It's half the reason why I think I'm here. I think that's the only reason I'm up here and I got the gig. big target on your back, mate. &gt;&gt; No, but I mean obviously as someone in the same division, you must be watching it thinking, yes, you're proud of your staple mate, &gt;&gt; someone that you train along with, but at the same time, you must think, &gt;&gt; you know what, people like Ada is going to ask. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All the time. All the time. And look, I'll keep it the same. Right now, we're in different places. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right now, although and that is an emphatic victory. He deserves all the credit in the world because Franklin is a tough opponent and no one's done that to him and he and Moses I've seen firsthand and I know firsthand he has all the talent in the world as well. But we are in different places. We're looking he's looking towards where I am currently a world champion. I'm looking at Alexander Rousi and Tyson Fury Anthony Joshua. I'm looking higher than that still. So there is still a gap of separation between us in terms of where we are and that's only due to time and experience and time in the game. But but the obvious question is if and when it comes around. And and my same answer has been look there's there's four belts. There's two of us. The only time this ever becomes a serious conversation is if I have to, he has two, and then we have to kind of have a look around and go, well, what are we going to do here? Are we going to do a clicho where we just kind of hold on to them and we just do our defenses and we kind of just hold down the gym and have all four belts in there and just keep defending defender defending or look as a boxing as the boxing boxing public they are vultures they want they want the fight they situation Fabio two belts you have two Moses has two what would you want to do happy to keep the two or do you want to try and get them all? No, look, don't get me wrong. I I would always want to be understood the title. Yeah, I know. He's found a way to like maneuver through, isn't he? He's got round it in. But look, no, look, the title of undisputed is something that I'm sure Moses himself will want to claim at some point and something I will always want to claim. So, yes, look, if that was the case, then like I said, that's the only time that would ever be a serious question. But it's in the distant distant future right now. &gt;&gt; You are correct. Look, we're going to talk about what next for Moses very shortly. We've all kind of got a list of fighters we'd like to see him in the ring with next. &gt;&gt; Anything else catch your eye on the card. &gt;&gt; I mean, Brett Pauls, &gt;&gt; Paul that that was Hollywood. That was a rocky film that, you know, he was right up against it there. You heard Terry Stewart in the corner saying, "Do you want to win this fight? You're going to have to throw the kitchen sink at him." And he delivered. And that potentially potentially has earned him a shot at the IBF middleweight world title. I mean, it was it was stunning. Spectacular. &gt;&gt; That 60 seconds of Murphy Holmes. Unreal. &gt;&gt; What a luck. But just just &gt;&gt; here's the here's the Brad Pulls one. &gt;&gt; It almost looked like Shaquille Thompson was just going to go to a comfortable points decision &gt;&gt; and it would have been near a near shut out. &gt;&gt; And maybe that was the problem. Maybe that is the problem is that he felt too comfortable. He felt too comfortable in the situation. He was boxing too nicely and and Brad Paul's like we said we've said up here with the extra experience is like no there's still rounds to go in this fight. still and again underrated puncher and he knows like in the Nathan Heene fight he can carry it all the way through and get rid of you. &gt;&gt; Who mentioned Murphy Holmes? &gt;&gt; That was me. &gt;&gt; Was that you? That was the best 60 seconds. &gt;&gt; Honestly wild. Absolutely wild. &gt;&gt; That was our like our Haggler Hearns. Was it just at each other? It was crazy. &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. That kickstarted the Nate the whole night from from top to bottom. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it really set the tone. &gt;&gt; Incredible. And the big question mark here was how good is Holmes? And I'm telling you now, although he had no names on his card up until this, this was spectacular. It really was. He was hurt with a nice shot from Murphy, but he bounced back, showed resilience, and look what he done to Murphy there. I mean, it was a real great start to the show, wasn't it? That's the other side to it, isn't it? What it shows as well. like that in itself of a 60-second clip is great, but also what it shows for him as a fighter, as a bit more of a a ticket a ticket seller guy and and getting the crowd here and doing it on the big stage. That's fantastic for him. &gt;&gt; That's fantastic as well. That shows you can't even have a drink or eat on coms anymore cuz there's always a camera watching you. All right, you the f the fans at home have been getting involved as well. Olivia Wayne's got some of the results from the polls we've been doing all night. Olivia, what can you tell us? Yes, they've been getting involved. Fanzone has been kicking off. All right, let's bring you the results of our polls. First up, fighter of the night is going to make no shock to anyone. Then, of course, it was Italma with 82% of the vote, although polls did get 10%. The knockout of the night, yep, you guessed it, it went to Italma again in Italma versus Frankie. 95% of you rated that the best knockout of the night. And we did have some good ones. Davies versus Grandelli. got 2%. Fight of the night. Now that went to Itala versus Franklin. No shocks there. 71% of you voted for that one. Thompson versus Paul though did get a cheeky 15%. Now the big question of course is who should Moses Dalma fight next. The polls are in. This is what the fans decided on fan zone. 28% of you want. Daniel Dubois AJ. Oh, Anthony Joshua 26%. Caval creeping in with 17% and Wardley with 16%. Plenty to look forward to coming up of course and I'm very curious to hear what you guys make of those results. Very interesting. Okay, so Daniel Dubois was the number one choice. Um I guess that's providing he loses to Fabio Wardley, right? Daniel Dubois. AJ was there. That's never going to happen. I can just put that one to bed that AJ's not fighting Moses Tama. Fabio Wardley was in there as well. 60%. Okay, here's the list of suspects. Here's the list of potential opponents. Uh, Cole, so you said what? &gt;&gt; I like the Frank Sanchez fight for him. Um, I think he's highly ranked with a the IBF maybe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no. Yeah, you are correct. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Usyk has the IBF at the minute, but there's a chance that he may or does he have the IBF? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Usyi does have the IBF, &gt;&gt; but it the IBF are normally strict with the regulations and they may strip him. So, I like that fight for him. Um, the choices are on the screen. Someone's telling me in the ear. Let me see. Frank Sanchez, the loser of Dubois Wardley. And big Wley is thinking that's not going to be him or Philip Hergovic after the Dave Allen fight dependent. So &gt;&gt; I mean I'm getting more carried away if I'm honest. Like I it was all about if Moses could stop Frankly and he's done that. So I I'm I'm going with the governing bodies now. Bar Fabio obviously and we've heard why. I think the WBA. So there's two versions of that. Sagasv is the current. &gt;&gt; Okay, but it's the regular champion and and we've heard from team that he fancies it. So, there's one option there. Then there's the super champion. Why not? Every everybody wants to go and face against the best. They want to fight the best. All right, it may be too early. It probably is too early, but slinging in with us. Let's see what happens. I don't mind that. &gt;&gt; That's too big a Q and he's having espresso. I don't care. And the other one is, you know, if you're looking at the governing bodies, he's number three in the WBC. So that would pretty much say Cabay. &gt;&gt; That's my list. That's where I stand. I stand I stand in the middle of of Cabay or Aoli. I think that's a I think it's a great fight for him because it's it's next up with the governing bodies in terms of being ordered. So if he does want a world title before the end of the year, he is able to squeeze that in. Cabio himself right now is currently in a bit of no man's land. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good point. &gt;&gt; Because he's not listed in Usyk's list of three. with the Egypt fight with Mia Jabois and then finishing with Tyson Fury. Cabel's nowhere to be seen in there. So that means there's going to be a mandatory force or something like that. So Cabel's without without an opponent currently. So if I'm Cabel, all right, let me take out the young gun before he goes too far. You know what I said? So I said um Garier Herovic and Cabel. But seeing this lineup now for me the obvious one is if he comes with Fraser Clark it's Justin Sunni. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; I think Justin Sunni is a fantastic boxer and and we saw some of the issues Fabio that he you know caused you a little bit. I think Justin Sunni makes sense or the guy next to him almost I almost feel like he needs an antagonist someone that's going to growl and scream and you know could I think the Miller one's a good one as well. Can I just say as well what what's the point being number one in a governing body if you're not going to fight the champion &gt;&gt; like you you've you've climbed the ranking whether it's &gt;&gt; Yeah but no you but you're smarter than this Darren you understand there's climbing the ranking climbing &gt;&gt; rank of bodies you know what they're like Darren they don't they don't alert &gt;&gt; and that's why still hanging around I feel like he's been number one for quite a while he's been close &gt;&gt; number one then Usyk's been allowed a voluntary then he has to fight Cabo and it's like well how much time like how long am I number How how much more do I have to prove in them situations? &gt;&gt; All right, a man that's not on there who we now know takes on Philip Herkovic in Doncaster who might want to be on this list to fight Moses is Dave Allen and he's ringside with Olivia. &gt;&gt; Well, Dave Allen, I mean, Moses is quickly becoming one of Britain's favorite heavyweights. You are one as well. I've seen you with all the fans tonight. You're getting a lot of love. Give me your first thoughts on uh on Moses tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a superstar already. I think tonight um I had question marks over him still. Tonight he's a long way to answer a lot of them for me and a lot of other people. Uh I've always thought he's the real deal, but tonight further cemented that. &gt;&gt; So tonight he has answered some of the questions that you had. Not all of them, but I think the only way we're going to get them all answered is Usyk Wardley Dubois. That may be it. &gt;&gt; Winner of Alan Herovic. &gt;&gt; We'll see. We'll see. &gt;&gt; What did he do so well tonight? What is it that's such a problem? Because it looks like these guys can't live with him. We saw Jermaine Franklin take Anthony Joshua the distance, Dillian White the distance. We've never seen him down. Certainly never seen him out like that. What is it that he does? It's just the speed. His speed is terrifying. I think he was hitting Franklin to the body. I think early on. Um, it was the body shots. Franklin was a bit wary dropping his hands. He's just so fast. He's he's terrifying. I was actually watching him from 10t away and I was a bit like, "Wow, he's he's uh he's very good." &gt;&gt; I was a bit like, "Wow." When I heard it's going to be Dave versus Goliath. You've got a big fight coming up against Philip Herovic. What are you feeling like right now? How are you finding the reaction out there? &gt;&gt; It's gone very well. The tickets will sell. We'll have uh probably the biggest sporting event ever in Doncaster. I'm very proud of that as well. I'm very very proud to bring you know I think the fifth best heavyweight in the world to Doncaster and Philip Pergovic will expect jolly chubby Dave Allen and I won't roll over for anyone especially in Doncaster and I I never talk overly confidently but I fully expect to beat Philip Herovic and yeah he's in for a shot. Is that what's going to get you over the line then? The fact that it's in Doncaster, the fact that it's been your dream for so long, is that what's going to be different to the McMudof fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's in Doncaster. I'm a I'm a DN12 bad boy for life, as we would say back in the day. And uh I I will be 17 and a half stone. I will train properly. I will live properly. And there's not a lot of fighters I've ever said I will beat. Um, I said it about Johnny Fisher two. I said it about Lucas Brown. And I said about Philip Herovic. I will beat Philip Herovich. It will be a different It will be the Dave Allen of old from the amateur days. And I will beat Philip Herovich. &gt;&gt; We look forward to it. Press conference on Tuesday. Adate, back to you. &gt;&gt; Sorry Dev. Clearly not Olivia. My apologies. &gt;&gt; Similar. very, you know, it's good to hear him confident like that, especially when he talks about the weight as well, cuz that's always been a bone of contention with Dave. Is he serious? And we judge his seriousness by the size of him. When you see him with a bit of a you're like, "Okay, you're not serious." He looks like he's already trimming down and this is it, isn't it? I mean, I guess this is the last chance. He's been given a few chances. This is the last one. &gt;&gt; 100%. Look, no one wants to see what he did against Matt Mudov. go out there, you know, when he fights people that lesser quality when he fought last time. He just goes hell forever. Just just do that and see what happens. There's no point, you know, sort of cruising and defending for for 10 rounds. Dave Allen, I've seen him in the gym up close and personal. He's a very talented fighter. He's up against it, but we're rooting for him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a big big fight as is Fabia Wardy versus Daniel Dwire May 9th. We got a little tease of them coming face to face in the ring earlier. What's that like? Um, you moved away first, Fabio. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; he backed away first. I mean, you mean the people at home on Twitter like, "One second body language wasn't &gt;&gt; That's what I mean. I lost that battle. I lost that battle." The mental games, it's um Yeah. Look, it's not something I I don't I never I never put my stock in that. I never put my faith in that in, oh, I need to stare you out or I need to shake your hand firmer than you shake mine or stupid. It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. And and the reason I say that is because as a fighter, I feel like if you're looking for those little wins along the way, you're already not confident. I'm confident based off the work I do in the gym. I'm bas I'm confident based off the research I do on my fighter. And I'm confident based off the performances I've put in before and what I know in myself. Real factual evidence, not I stared you out longer and I shook your hand firm. Like they're not they're not real valuable. There's going to be actual people thinking because you turned away for Oh, that's it. Daniel's won the fight now. That's People are People are D. I tell you what, though. You got itchy knuckles, haven't you? &gt;&gt; I did. I tell you what, kids. Do you know what it was? I was in the ring. Tribe was doing his thing and then they started playing my song and then a little bounce of my feet came and I thought, &gt;&gt; what a fight that is. What a fight. That's May 9. So, we still got a long way to go. Six weeks to go for that one. Let me remind you of what we've got coming up for you though in the next week or so. We got Brown versus Duke. That one coming up on Friday. Ultronam Perez versus Montoya on Friday. And then do I need to remind you about the big one? Derek Jora versus Deontay Wilder. 50 versus 50. O2 Arena. That one. That one's going to be very special as well. What a special night it was, gents. What a special night. A long night, but but a special night. &gt;&gt; Yeah, some upsets. We got some knockouts. We got some unknown fighters, you know, almost come to the four now. Josh Holmes is certainly one of them. And in the end, Moses Talma as another fight is just about to kick off, by the way. Moses to the Talma shows us that there's only one sheriff in town. Mosama gets the job done stopping Germaine Franklin. Never been stopped before. And who knows, there was a list of fighters that he could fight very soon. We'll see you soon. Got a lot of choices. I got a lot of ways that I can go. I hear a lot of voices. They have a lot to say, but I've known been here before. I do recognize the title of this marble floor. And I don't need my eyes to see what lies behind that window and a little I can see a light. Things will turn all right this time. I know. &gt;&gt; They will kill you is so intense. This is all we can show. &gt;&gt; Hi. &gt;&gt; Wow. They will kill you.