Kind: captions Language: en It never gets easy, but it's always fun. Thank God for the journey, the trials, the pain, and the struggle. It pushed me and shaped my character. I'm forever grateful. [music] I could never repay you, but I'll choose to give you the glory every chance I get, and I love you. I thank you to my parents for believing in me. I know there's going to be much more, but I'm feeling grateful. I hope you guys get inspo from this. It's just know I was just a normal kid so it seemed from a town you passed you on the way to Vegas. Love you guys sincerely. Yeah, just a heartfelt message to my fans to God. Um, and just, you know, giving thanks to [music] everybody that's been along the journey and how they have helped me get to where I was and, you know, how God has shaped my character, how my parents believed in me and uh, and just to be a hope and inspiration to people that watch me, especially [music] from where I came from, you know, just a kid in Victorville and uh, aspiring to, you know, be the best I could possibly be. Yeah, that's me beating up Aiden Ross. See, I've been at this for a minute, guys. [groaning] I've been at this for a minute. Just always staying in the loop. Always knowing, you know, who to collab with. It's just fun. Honestly, it's just fun. And just being around people that get it, that understand social media. It's all part of the game. And people take it a little too serious, but you know, as long as you get your work done, you could you could dabble in things here and there. Yeah. The shot that shook the world. Yeah. I mean, guys, this is one of my most famous boxing shots I've ever done. Um, it's a one hitter quitter to the body. Luke Campbell, one of, you know, Great Britain's best. He was a gold medalist for the UK. And uh you know it was my first big test and he he knocked me down and then I came back up came back up and fought my off and knocked him out. That's just what can I say? It's one of those rocky moments. It's one things that people will remember for a long time. And uh I always felt it was going to be a body shot. If you look at those tapes, I call it going to be a body shot. Yeah, that was uh honestly a moment where I found out my mom was battling breast cancer and uh just caught her playing with my son and thought that was a beautiful moment to share with the world. And my mom is in great spirits. She has battled the breast cancer. It's she's in remission. She should she's good and she rang that bell. So, we just pray that it never comes back and that she's she's always healthy. My mom's doing good though for everybody wondering. [music] Uh yeah, man guys, I trained with Canala for 5 years as many people know. It was a great great relationship. We had great moments, great times, and uh man, just being a [music] part of his greatest moments was really cool, honestly. Um, we just had a lot of, you know, wins together. We didn't really lose [music] as a team. We didn't lose as a team. We were 5-0. He won every fight. I won every fight. It was damn right cool, man. It was just dope. [music] We just won and shared ideas and had a great time. Devin Haney won. I was hyped. The ref had to hold me back. That ref was trying to save him for sure. said he's going to knock him out in the first round. &gt;&gt; And then the Duno one. I'm just hyped. I knocked him out in the first round. Everybody thought I was going to lose. &gt;&gt; Able to land that. RIGHT NOW HE'S DOWN. HE GOES RIGHT HANDED HOOK. AND DUN WAS HURT. DUNO IS HURT BAD. &gt;&gt; I just continue to live every day, presently, and making sure that I'm making all the best decisions I can make, trusting my heart, trusting God, and continue. And don't dwell on the past too much. Keep looking forward. Keep doing good. That's what peace looks like.