Kind: captions Language: en Fight Night on the Zone brought to you by that prize guy. What a winning moment that was. Anthony Gachi probably just saw it there on the shot. Still in the ring, still taking photos. He's going to be there for a few more moments. Welcome to Beyond the Bell. Myself, Andy, Carl Frampton, Barry Jones, Darren Barker. What a night, boys in Dublin. We've all enjoyed it, right? It's been it's been a cracking atmosphere. So many cracking fights. Let's start with what we just saw in the ring. Carl, you you still got a voice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean, you were screaming from the top of your lungs, but Anthony Kache does do it. And almost feel like, look, the Joe Cordina fight was the moment, but to become a world champion in front of your fans must eclipse it. &gt;&gt; Again, of course, it just adds the legacy, doesn't it? That I mean, winning the world title is one thing. To be able to call yourself a twotime world champion is is something a little bit more special. But it was a great fight. I think Jazza was always we knew what we were going to get from Jazza. He was he was never going to stop trying. We've seen how fast he started in the last round. Always in the fight and he's got that will to kind of win always. But Anto was just a little step ahead of him tonight. I do think I've seen Antto perform a little bit better. He was making Ja fall short at times but not throwing counters, not throwing the right hand when it was there to be landed. Um but he's a two-time world champion now. There's talk of a Ryan Garner fight as would be the champion. And Samir just talking Navarati they're talking about and to be honest Navarat's a beast but I like that fight for Antto &gt;&gt; world title fight between two very very good fighters Barry it's going to be about fractions and small margins and I guess Anto just won those fractions and had those small margins he did know us using your reaching your range is very important and in the early rounds he wasn't using it as effect as he could but the rounds went on when you start to tire I just think he got that distance right and I just think he controlled a little bit more it was always tight like Cal said it was always very very close. No round was dominant for any fight I don't think. But I just thought he did enough in more rounds than than than I think than Jazz Jazz Dickis did. But I mean performance of the night for me was the crowd. &gt;&gt; I got to be I we got to mention that they were from the first fight to the last fight were tremendous. But and that's probably why Anto didn't really perform as as good as maybe he can do because I think the pressure of the crowd there can get to you at times I think. And I mean maybe you know understanding that that what it means to the Irish fans to win especially at home is a big deal. &gt;&gt; It's been an incredible run from him since that Joe Cordina win. Josh Warrington Leewood and now Jazza Dickens as well at 37. You look at him and you feel like there's still more in the tank. Maybe a couple more real big fights as well. &gt;&gt; I think so. He's full of self-belief. Form's incredible. Um, and as far as options are concerned now, he'll be looking for big names. Yes, for big fighters. I'm telling you now, with that belt, you got a target on your back. So, you only have to go looking very far. And that's what you want as a fighter. You want options. And yeah, he's just uh both fighters, to be fair, are a credit to the sport. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; You know, they're exactly how you should conduct yourself in and out of the ring. And I think never give up on yourself. Keep that self-belief, keep that work ethic and opportunities and special moments can come again. &gt;&gt; We we showed earlier that the ring 135 lb rankings, sorry, 130 lb rankings and there were so many big names. The two that stood out were Oshaki Foster and Emanuel Navarati. Brian Garner was there as well and as you say that's an option at St. Mary's. What would you go down the lane what would you want to see Jazza do next? &gt;&gt; Give it give it to Jazza. &gt;&gt; Sorry, apologies. Katche I I like the Gana fight. Look, if we can make a stadium fight, I'm all for that. I'm all for it. I love the big domestic, if you want to call it that. Uh, dust up or Yeah, I'd go there. We're talking about &gt;&gt; Is it the bigger number? Is that Is it basically going to be that for Anto at this stage? &gt;&gt; I think it is at this stage, but we're talking about Garner in in Samir. Anto's the champion. What about bringing Garner to Belfast? I mean, the Odyssey is probably too small for that fight, but they could do Windsor. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's an option. Anto's the champion. He should be dictating what's happening here. So, he's a wee bit of time. take a little bit of a rest. But whoever gives me the most money is what I'm saying. &gt;&gt; I But Navarati coming off possibly his best performance of his career. One I didn't think he had left in him. &gt;&gt; I mean it's a winnable fight but still a dangerous fight. &gt;&gt; I mean going to Vegas, going to LA, you know, I mean that's a dream. You've done it. You've been lucky. But that and you've got to America of course just don't forget about you twice. But twice &gt;&gt; but I mean going there for for him now at this stage of his career probably thought it was beyond beyond him. I would say about Jazz and and Kakachi, the reason why we love him so much, nothing was given to him. Everything was earned. And that's rare in modern boxing. Everything was earned. What they got, they had to work for. And that's why we appreciate it more than maybe some other fighters. &gt;&gt; Two stories of inspiration. Barely inspired. Both stories. It is fantastic. It's a story of perseverance from both. I've been here a couple of times and Katie Taylor stood on this same stage and the ring entrances have been incredible. Pier Ori's ring entrance is going to give her a run for her money. Darren, incredible performance. Incredible everything from Pierce. &gt;&gt; Well, I'll tell you now, he could top this bill here. This this venue next time without a shadow of a doubt. You know, huge following here and he's got a fan friendly style. He look Max Hughes is a warrior coming at short notice, stepping up a weight. But I tell you now, Pierce Ori really, really impressed me. you know, he grabbed the fight by the scruff of the neck and he just showed that he was the fresher levels above and I think they have a real real star in the making here in Ireland. How far Barry is Pierce from Daltton Smith? Daltton Smith's the flag bearer right now on 140 division in in the UK. Is Pierce that far away from him? &gt;&gt; Enough. I would say this this he was fantastic and when you sell an arena that he can we get carried away he's a good fighter but he he needs a guy that's a bit more experience I would say in my opinion I mean I'm not saying he can't be competitive but when you when you get there you want to be able not to be competitive to be good enough to win and I think it's a big ass to jump up there's good fighters along his weight there's Chamberlain he was meant to fight Jack Rafity there's some good fighters domestically that you make him a favorite in but I mean just and here build a fortress Do you know it's the start of something special potentially and he could be the guy that does that and I mean know and he's selling tickets the old fashioned way hand by hand I've been told I mean that's a rarity in in modern boxing when everything's done you know digitally you know on social media and he's doing it personally and that's a that's a rare commodity that is and that's something that you really have to cherish. So get him those fights that he that he can he'll be favored in he can win still hard fights but then get that experience before he steps at that level where it's real. I I mentioned it on stage and I look it's probably never going to happen and it probably won't happen but the idea of Frank and Eddie coming together and doing Croak Park and Katy Taylor Pierce Oir you chuck in Anto and you really fill that place with Irish best all on one night. &gt;&gt; It just kind of makes sense to it. &gt;&gt; I think it does. &gt;&gt; You know you're banging out Croat Park. I I I would believe it would be an absolute fantastic spectacle that not just the fighters could be proud of, the promoters could be proud of. And look, we're all under the same banner now. Let's make it happen. &gt;&gt; Let's make it happen indeed. All right, the night started with Jonah Carroll versus Cole Murphy. Jonah Carroll now the IBO super featherweight champion. Dev caught up with Jonah after the fight. Let's hear from the new champion &gt;&gt; backstage here with John O' Carol, the new IBO world champion. How does that feel, champ? M it's just a dream come true. It's like something I've been wanting since I was 15 years old. And I just want to say it's Mother Day tomorrow. So I dedicate this belt to my mom who passed away when I was 15. And only because of that passion. I feel like it gives me that dog deep down inside to be the man who I am today. So I dedicate this belt to my mom. &gt;&gt; That's really nicely said. I feel like you had to show the dog at times there tonight. And you said it was going to come down to that a little bit, Jonno. I knew it was going to come down to that. But the thing is, I didn't want it to come down to that for the simple fact, people don't know, but I broke this hand in 10 different places about five or six weeks ago. I got a quarter zone shot in this hand. I've been doing 10 rounds sparring with just one hand, my jab hand. So, every time I hit him with the back hand, bro, it was hunting me more than it was haunting him. And it was the only shot that I kept seeing was open and open. I kept landing. But it is what it is. We got the job done. We showed that dog. And I'm just so happy and proud that my kids can call me a world champion. &gt;&gt; Congratulations. &gt;&gt; Thank you. I appreciate it, brother. And the new &gt;&gt; Chuck Jonah Car on the Croak Park card as well. Um good win for him, isn't it? Really solid win. He felt like he had the experience against Cole Murphy. Everyone okay with the scorecards &gt;&gt; that they they they were a little out if I'm honest. You know what was it? 117 111. That that was that that was very wide. But you can see what it means to him. And just to hear then that he'd broken his hand numerous places weeks before and was training for what I mean that that that's impressive. That shows you how much he wanted that with what he's already done in the sport of boxing. You know, there could have been ways out, but he was so committed and yeah, well done. &gt;&gt; It's so good to see a lot of the Irish fighters who've gone away, let's be honest, he's gone away as well, all come back and all get success under the bright lights here in Dublin. One guy that's starting out his career car was young Adam Olanian. Um, everyone excited about him. A giant of a man. I spoke to his mom and dad who were ringside earlier. A lot of pressure. Everyone saying Irish heavyweight champion. I mean, can we just get a couple of fights on the card first? &gt;&gt; He just needs to stay busy at this stage and and be active. But the kid has loads of potential. He's a nice, pleasant, big lad. He could do so well in the sport, but let's not get carried away too soon and put apply pressure that doesn't need to be added to him yet. But he looked he looked good tonight. He done what he had to do. I think &gt;&gt; I'm looking at the opponent and thinking, well, you could have had someone a little bit in better shape your debut. Just it looks a bit more IT LOOKS A BIT better on the up. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Look better. But but I think you know you promote the heavyweight different to any other any other any other fighter in any division. So you get him you just knock people out and learn in the gym. That's what they do. You just get him to 10 and0. It don't matter who he fights. Make him look good. Everyone gets interested in him. How good is he going to be when he steps up and he's learning in the gym in that time. That's all you need to do with heavyweights. They're probably different to us unfortunately. And that's how you do it. &gt;&gt; And what a buzz. What a buzz to be a future Irish world champion in doing it as well. See, you're doing it. &gt;&gt; But imagine imagine being that man, that young man. Just work your socks off. Keep learning. Don't waste the opportunity. The talent's there. I mean, you got the world at your feet. &gt;&gt; Just imagine being young. That's all I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just being 20 again. It's been a good night. Don't go though because there's so much more to tell you about coming your way as well. So many good fights. Todd and the team are on air in a matter of moments. And that fight kicks off. A great week of action on the zone on Thursday. Two of Puerto Rico's finest prospects go headto-head as Felix Perilla takes on Alfredo Cruz. Friday night, we're just across the border from here in Belfast. Michael Conland takes on Kevin Walsh. Then next Saturday, Rising Star George Lard goes up against Tyler Denny for the British and Commonwealth Middleweight titles. There you go, guys. It's been fantastic, hasn't it? It's been a great night of boxing here in Dublin. And you know what? I can't wait to come back from the guys, from us. We'll see you next time. Belfast next week on it. &gt;&gt; Everybody said you were a winner. You blew into the sun. Everybody said you were a winner. You rocking into the sun. Everybody said you're a winner. Winner. Everybody.