Kind: captions Language: en What a fantastic night of boxing here in Orlando, Florida at the Kareem Royale. We've had absolutely non-stop action from the start all the way to the finish. You guys saw it and it was capped off with the unbelievable, incredulous main event. Carlos Adamus defends his WBC middleweight world title. So, this is where we dive into all of it. Welcome to Beyond the Bell. I'm Kayla Burn. joined by the do amigos as of right now. We got Sergio and we got Chris as well. Look, this was unbelievable that main event from the start all the way to the finish. Manx, just being able to see Adamus defend his title is one thing and the other thing is to see ammo fight with him all the way to the end. Overall, what's your arching takeaway? &gt;&gt; That Carlos Adamus is clearly the best fighter at 160 and is one of the best fighters in these middleweight classes. I I think a big question coming into this fight that we talked about at length beforehand was what version of Carlos Adamos Adam was are we going to get coming in? He's dealt with some illness stuff going back to the last fight when it was canceled. He's dealt with a bicep injury going back to before the Hamza Shiraz fight. I thought AMO Williams's best chance to win was if we got a lesser version of Carlos Adamus. And what we saw was the very best version of Adamus. A guy that was fighting moving forward. A guy that was technically proficient. A guy that didn't ignore the body. A guy that set traps. He did everything to show his class in this fight. Carlos Adam is now peaking, I think, at 160 lbs. The Shiraz fight probably should have gone his way. Now he has a dominant performance against the top contender in Ammo Williams. He answered any question we might have about Carlos Adam tonight. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, it wasn't that didn't produce fought the best fight he could possibly fight. Those are the best. best. You're telling me that part that he showed, the guts that he showed, the power, he brought the diamond. He got the respect of the diamond, but it was just too much. The skill wasn't fair. There was only one champion. Even though that doesn't win fights, strategy fights. That's what Obama brought to the table. That's why he clearly won an exciting one fight. Well, Kayla asked my takeaway and my biggest takeaway is the gas tank on Carlos Adamus was deeper than the gas tank on Ammo Williams. He talked to us to us all fight week said, "I'm going to outlast this guy. I'm going to be the one putting the pressure. I'm going to be the one fighting on the front foot." But as this fight progressed, it was all Carlos Adamus. We would see a 30se secondond or so flurry from Ammo Williams at the start of every round and then after that it was all Adam. This is something Sergio that plagued Adamis early in his career. His he just ran out of gas in the second halves of fights. That's how he lost the 154 pound title fight against Patrick Dera. He has changed significantly since then. We have seen a rebirth I think in Carlos Adamus. &gt;&gt; And the amazing thing here is you know Sergio you mentioned this in the in the broadcast as well not only the power punches like it doubled when Adamus in the f in the first four rounds it was 40 to 20. It continued to double in the latter rounds. The thing is about Adamus, you said it too, you said his his defense is underrated and he's a throwback fighter. What about Adamus allows him to be that poised, that controlled, especially when he only had four fights leading up into this dating back to October of 2022. &gt;&gt; Listen, you got a good eye because it was the underrated defense. He has a strong back. Carlos Adamus fights like kind of like a Jo Fraser. He can make you miss where he's right in front of you, but he's stepping inching closer and closer and breaking the distance of the longer, taller fighter in ammo and digging away to the body, taking away the conditioning of ammo. We know that youth and power and size was on the side of Ammo Williams. When whenever you're dealing with a championship, a champion, a veteran, someone that knows how to fight small, someone that knows how to fight on the inside, he takes all the youth and advantages and power away from guys like that. Yeah, I think the pedigree mattered here, too. I mean, Carlos Adamz, it's not hyperbolic to say, is arguably the greatest Dominican fighter of all time. He's certainly on a very short list of top Dominican fighters, and he's had more than 270 amateur fights. This is a guy that is well schooled, well trained, and we saw the difference in class. Ammo Williams just didn't seem to have a plan B. Plan A was to come forward, double jab, straight left hand. It just wasn't enough against a fighter that has such a depth of skill set in Carlos Adam. And you did see him and we've been talking to the crowd when he got that low blow. He's talking to the crowd. I know you called it out saying, "H, don't do that. I don't know if you should do that right now. You got to stay focused. You got to stay locked in." Maybe it's a part of his personality that allows him to even go the 12 rounds, go to the end here with Adamus. But do you think he was too amped up even maybe this week leading into this fight? &gt;&gt; He was amped up, but I'm not going to blame that on uh on why he lost. He just lost to the better fighter. That version of Ammo can beat almost a lot of the top middleweights. That version of ammo I want to see again. That version of ammo Eddie Hearn and Matchroom are going to want to continue promoting him because he's exciting television. He just wasn't ready for this moment. I seen it. I knew that that was going to happen. The book and the oddsmakers had Carlos Adam a favorite for a reason because experience matters and the champion proved that. It was an exciting one-sided fight, but Ammo wasn't ready for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was awesome. And Adamus, he proved it here tonight. Why he's the champ, why he defends his title. So, Chris, hit me. Who's next for him? &gt;&gt; Well, there are a few options for Carlos Adamus. The 160 pound division is not good. I think if Sergio came back, he'd be ranked in the top 10 right now. It's not a deep division. Eris Landara is a title holder sitting there with one of the four belts. Two of the other four are not available right now. The IBF stripped Janbec Allay when he tested positive for a banned subs. The WBO suspended him. So, you have to look down the list of potential challengers. Jesus Ramos mandatory. Next up in line for Carlos Adamz, that's someone that could be made by PBC and Vita Miliki Jr. putting on a run of his own as of late. That's someone that could work his name into the mix. But I thought it was interesting listening to Carlos Adam after the fight. Talk about the other weight classes that he could make. He's a former 154 lb title challenger. He said, "Hey, the actions at 154, I can still go back down to 154 and make that weight." He told told us during fight week that he wanted no part of 168. Well, he mentioned 168. I could probably do that if the right fight was available to him. Look, I think Carlos Adamus recognizes what the rest of us do. This is the weakest the middleweight division maybe has ever been. It is clearly the weakest division in all of boxing. So, the options are not great. If he can move up or he can move down, I wouldn't be surprised to see Carlos Adamus try to chase a bigger opportunity in a different weight class. &gt;&gt; 154 maybe because uh 168 I don't think that's going to be a smart decision for Adam. 54. Or it could be a Caribbe a Caribbean showdown with Eddie's Landara, one of the oldest champions in boxing. You know, Cuban versus a Dominican. I mean, Lar Cell put it here in on in Orlando. I'm in. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, before we go, huge news this week in New York when Done and Top Rank announced a landmark multi-year partnership. You both were there a couple of days removed. Has it really settled in that we are going to be having even more great fights? And we just saw an incredible card here tonight. It finished with a ridiculous fight with Adamus reclaiming his title. Uh, but what are you making of all this, Chris? &gt;&gt; I think it creates so many more potential opportunities for huge fights to happen. Top rank still has one of the better stables in all of boxing. I mentioned earlier in the broadcast that there is some positive momentum for a Boots Enis Xander Zas fight at 154 pounds. Xander Zas now the unified champion. But you go down that list and there are some great fights. Oshaki Foster in negotiations right now to fight match room fighter Raymond Ford. Raymond Morataya coming off that terrific win over Andy Cruz. Shushu Carrington star turning performance against Carlos Castro his last time out. Emanuel Navarete showed out in that last fight against Sugar Nunees. Top rank stable is on fire right now. And now when you combine Top Rank with Matroom with Queensberry maybe some more announcement to come over the next couple of days. There is the potential to make some huge mega fights and all eyes right now guys are on that Xander Zas boots and fight again. Positive momentum. That's what I keep hearing from both sides about that fight happening. Xander Zas wants that fight and I give all credit in the world to Xander Zas for pushing for that fight. I hope it happens. That is a huge fight somewhere in the Northeast. &gt;&gt; Any of those stick out to you specifically the names on that list? &gt;&gt; No, I would love to see Xander Zas, a young Puerto Rican champion boot. If we couldn't get Virgil and Boots, that's a great championship consolation price to me. &gt;&gt; He doesn't care. He just gets to go to New York. He doesn't care. He doesn't care. He doesn't care either way. He doesn't care. &gt;&gt; What What a performance you had. &gt;&gt; Oh, I got a long way to go. &gt;&gt; Love the way you did. I mean, you might have you might have outshined the &gt;&gt; He doesn't know this, but I paid him to say that in the final round of of my fight here tonight. No, it's been a pleasure. It's been awesome. By the way, cheers to you to all the translations that you have been doing tonight. No matter where you go in the world, leave it to Sergio to translate it all for you. Speaking of a great fight, the future of heavyweights, everybody, it has arrived. Moses Moses Oama, he returns to the world stage next Saturday as he faces gritty vet Germaine Franklin who's looking to absolutely spoil the party in Manchester. And if you prefer the gloves off, BKFC is back as the undefeated Parker Porter collides with Hayes Wilson in the brutal heavyweight showdown at the Mohe. &gt;&gt; There you go, Sergio. BKFC. &gt;&gt; There you go. And then guess what? Legends Sergio Legends taking on London in London. Deontay Wilder and Derek Chisora meet at the O2 Arena on April the 4th. 50 fights each, 100 total, two icons, one more. The 100 event only on disone as a part of your ultimate subscription. &gt;&gt; Old guys too. There you go Sergio. &gt;&gt; And before we say goodbye, our final salute to the legend Chuck Norris. You see it there, Chris. &gt;&gt; Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird. &gt;&gt; That's going to do it. That will do it for us here. I hope you enjoyed our presentation of tonight's fights for Todd Gisham, Sergio Mora, Chris Manx. I'm Caleb Burton. Good night and thanks for watching. &gt;&gt; WHO ARE YOU? &gt;&gt; MY NAME IS ASIA REEVES. Pray &gt;&gt; I am in a forgiving mood. &gt;&gt; They will kill you. Graded R, March 27th.