Kind: captions Language: en This is the moment the world has been waiting for. The judges are ready. The fighters are ready. The boxing world is ready. The fight starts now. &gt;&gt; How do you like it? So aggressive, so focused. It all comes down to this. Knock down. Still be the undisputed champion of the world. to zone weekend preview. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the high stakes barios versus Garcia preview show presented by Paramount Screen 7 only in theaters on Friday and that is Las Vegas, Nevada, the fight capital of the world in a big fight in Vegas on Saturday. I'm Chris Maddox joined by the former junior middleweight champion Sergio Moore. Sergio, high stakes is the right phrase, the right tagline for this fight because there are huge stakes right now. Mario Barios is the champion at 147, but he's coming off back-to-back draws and hasn't really established himself as a champion yet. Ryan Garcia hasn't established himself as anything other than an attraction, maybe even on social media. He's looking to win his first world title. Who are the stakes higher for in this fight? &gt;&gt; It's Ryan Garcia. It's do or die for him because people are tired of giving him second chances. A lot of people are saying he doesn't deserve this opportunity as well coming off his last two fights and performances uh failed drug test and so on. But Mario Barios, he's he belongs on this stage, but he's coming out backto-back draw. So, I would say it's Ryan Garcia back against the wall. He's going to have to do something great to remind everybody, not only his fans, boxing, his promoter, but himself, that he's still the goods and he can finally cross that championship finish line. Tell me what you need to see from Ryan Garcia because he really is a mixed bag. You go back to the first press conference last month, Ryan Garcia was full of energy. He had gimmicks. He was calling out Joe Gusen. He was calling out uh Mario Barios. This press conference, a much more subdued version of Ryan Garcia. I don't know what to read into that. I don't know what uh what to make of this version of Ryan Garcia. But when he gets in the ring and that first bell rings against Barios, what do you need to see from him? &gt;&gt; I need to see a little bit of the crazy uh Ryan Garcia. I'll be honest with you, guys that are subdued like that, uh, they're a little bit too relaxed. He's a twitchy type fighter. So, I need I need him to be a little bit more manic, believe it or not. I need him to be more energetic, you know, filled with adrenaline. Sometimes when you fight a little bit too relaxed, too, loose like that, you're not you're not quick with with your with your muscle uh memory. So, he fights off of instinct, Ryan Garcia does. And if he's not really sharp against a durable, experienced fighter like Mario Barios, who as we see him when they size up is a lot bigger than Garcia. Garcia is not going to have the size advantage that he normally has. This can be a dangerous fight the later it goes for Ryan Garcia. &gt;&gt; So let's talk about Mario Barios who is a pros pro, been a contender or a champion in multiple weight classes, has a strong resume, hasn't won a lot of those fights, but has a good resume. He made a decision to go to Joe Gusen for this fight. Joe Gusen, veteran trainer, been around Diego Carales, among others, also trained Ryan Garcia for three fights. What do you think of that decision and can that play a role in this fight? &gt;&gt; You know, I'm not a fan of trainer changes and I think uh the head games that Mario Bar is going to Gusen. Yes, maybe there's a little bit of spy games going on there. Joe Goulen did train with Ryan Garcia, but ultimately it doesn't make a difference. The fighters are going to do what they got to do inside the ring and character reveals itself. It doesn't matter what voice is in your corner. Mario Burrows is who he is. On the biggest stages, he comes up just a tad short. Ryan Garcia is all over the place. He's come up short, but he's also shined. That's what makes this fight intriguing, but it has nothing to do with the trainers. &gt;&gt; Well, then what do you want to see out of Mario Barios, who has shown he can hit and knock people out? He has also shown he can be hit and get knocked out when what do you want to see from Barios beginning in round one? &gt;&gt; I want to see technique. This fight's going to come down with that right hand being glued to the right side of the face of Mario Barios. take away that one punch of Ryan Garcia, which is that left hook. If you take away that punch and you could go under that punch, then that becomes uh his uh susceptible. Ryan Garcia, you could turn that punch against him. He's a one-trick pony. Everyone knows that. You take that one trick away, then he's no magician. &gt;&gt; Look, I think Mario Bars got a great jab and I want to see him stick the jab in the face of Ryan Garcia throughout the course of this fight. But I am curious to see if Joe Gusen, who you know is an offensive oriented trainer. He wants his guys to rumble out there. Mario Barios in recent fights under Bob Santos has been a little bit more defensively responsible. Do you think we're going to see a little bit of the Gusen effect on Mario Barios to see him go out there and try to knock Ryan out? &gt;&gt; Yeah, because Joe Gusen I mean Gusen can't help himself. That's that's the style. Offense is their defense. Every single great champion that he's had in the stable. It's come forward. It's aggression. It's breaking down fighters. And of course, they're excellent cheerleaders in the corner. They motivate their fighters, you know. So Mario Burrows is he knows how to fight. So he knows how to follow a game plan. And I think the the motivation that Gusen and the experience and that that knowledgeable voice, that familiar voice, it could come into play, but I'm not reading too much into it. &gt;&gt; Ryan Garcia called this fight do or die, win or go home. Do you think the stakes are that high for Ryan? &gt;&gt; 100%. And I think the the crowd is going to be a big factor here because if he doesn't have that environment that normally he feeds off of, you know, that that that everyone's up on on their feet, you know, the the fans really support Ryan Garcia. And if the fans aren't there for Ryan Garcia, Ryan Garcia is going to have to pull a a trick up his sleeve. &gt;&gt; All right, Ryan Garcia. Mario Barios is a terrific fight in the main event. But this is one of the best undercards that I have ever seen. Multiple world championship fights on this undercard. Multiple crossroads fights on this undercard. It begins at the top, the IBF junior welterweight world title. Richston Hitchens going up against Oscar Dwarte. The last time Hitchens was in Vegas going up against a pressure fighter. It didn't go great against Gustavo Lamos. We'll see what he's got against Dwarte. Then Gary Antoine Russell, the first defense of his 140 lb title. He's facing Andy Heroka who just arrived here in Nevada midweek. He is here and he is ready to fight. Then down there in the 140 lb division, Frank Martin going up against the here Albbright. Two guys that really can't afford to pick up a loss at this stage of his career. And then opening the show, Beckamer Malakuzia, the bully try to climb his way up the 168-lb rankings going up against the veteran Sen Aco. Sergey, I want to talk briefly about the Hitchens Darte fight. We saw these two guys going at it at the press conference and I love that. Hitchens says that Lamos fight, don't look too far into that, but it's hard not to because Lamos is a pressure fighter and I think Dwarte is a better version of Lamos. &gt;&gt; Not only a better version, but a bigger version as well. He's a lot bigger and taller and stronger than Lamos. And if Lamos was able to rock and and chin Hitchens like that, then that's that could be bad news for Hitchens. But see, he passed that test. I want to see fighters pass that test in order for them to cross into the championship level. How are they going to react when they're dropped, when they're cut, when they're hurt? Richard Richardson and Hitchens passed all those tests and now he proves why he's the champion. &gt;&gt; Let me give you a little inside baseball here because I think this is going to be a factor in this fight. Richardson Hitchens had a problem last time out with the IBF rehydration clause specifically that there wasn't a lot of time on the West Coast between when you have to reweigh in for the IBF, get under that 10 pounds and then you actually fight. The last two fights where he has looked outstanding against Liam to win his title against George Cambosas, those fights have been on the east coast. He has had more time. Not only Sergio is he back on the west coast, he's on the undercard of this fight, which means he's going to be even less time for him before he gets in the ring. Do you think that's a variable in this fight? &gt;&gt; You know, I didn't think about that and when you brought that up, it makes a lot of sense because, you know, fighters are accustomed to acclimating their bodies wherever they go. But that three-hour difference does make a a big deal whenever you're trying to time your weight. You know, fighters time their weight to try to go, you know, hit their hit the the the scales at the right time. The IBF clause is a terrible clause. I fought under that. It's it's like reweighing the day of the fight. Every fight fighter hates it. So, that's going to be a big deal. The time difference is going to be big deal. And it being on the undercard, you know, to get, you know, be ready faster. All those things are going to be a factor. &gt;&gt; Both those guys are predicting a knockout. Which one do you think gets the knockout? &gt;&gt; I don't think no one gets the knockout. I think Hitchens uh dominates with that long reach, that jab, that brilliant jab, five inches reach. He doesn't engage. I think he controls the fight. Dwart is going to try to make it a physical fight. Hitchens going to extinguish that. &gt;&gt; I love that fight. I love this card. I love everything about this show on Saturday is going to be all action from start to finish and ending with a 147 pound title fight with such high stakes for both of these guys. Well, Scream 7 is the scariest movie in the iconic series as Ghostface launches a personal attack and brutally terrorizes Sydney Prescott. You don't want to miss this one. Get your tickets for Scream 7 only in theaters on February 27th. &gt;&gt; Hello, Sydney. I'm going to kill everyone you love while you watch loud &gt;&gt; scream only in theaters. &gt;&gt; Well, welcome back to Las Vegas, Nevada, T-Mobile Arena, the site of the welterweight showdown between Ryan Garcia and WBC 147 lb champion Mario Barios. Well, Sergio, time now for some DraftKing odds. Let's make some picks here. according to DraftKings. Um, let's start with the main event. The oddsmakers have made Ryan Garcia a favorite. They are also favoring him to win this fight by knockout. Do you think they've got those right? &gt;&gt; No, I'm actually going to go against the book. I think Mario Barios is a durable fighter. He's coming out backto-back draws. This is a draw type fight, but I do see Ryan Garcia pulling it out by decision. I don't see any knock knockouts, but maybe some knockdowns. &gt;&gt; You think Ryan beats Barios by decision? That's how durable Mario Barios is. I look &gt;&gt; But do you think Ryan outboxes Mario Bars? &gt;&gt; I think &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he gets I think he gets a respect. I think he pops that jab. He controls the distance. Barios is going to have to respect the speed. &gt;&gt; Bario's got a better jab. Got the better jab. &gt;&gt; Uh maybe the stronger jab, but not the faster jab. And speed kills. I I love Ryan Garcia when he's on point. That left hand just like just like Oscar De La Hoya. That left hand is dominant. You know, he can throw it with a 45 degree angle, the left hook, the uppercut, the body shot as Luke Campbell uh figured it out. So, he may be a one-trick pony, but that trick is enough. &gt;&gt; Look, I think Ryan Garcia can and I would say will win this fight, but if it goes to a decision, I'm taking Mario Barers to win by a decision. I think he's the better boxer of these two guys, especially at 147 pounds, right? The undercard is outstanding. Two world championship fights, crossroads fights, great prospects on this undercard as well. Um, these are competitive fights, especially the championship fights. What is the fight that you feel most confident in your prediction? &gt;&gt; Uh, Hitchens Dwarte. Look, I love Oscar Dwarte. We've been calling a lot of his fights. He's a pressure fighter. He's very difficult if you let him get inside. Hitchens doesn't let you get inside. And I think the experience he picked up from that Gustavo Lemmo uh uh fight is going to serve him well right here because uh Dwarte is coming forward. He he knows how to get in in your face. Hitchens not going to allow that. I think Hitchens decision I &gt;&gt; I just want to see I want to look Hitchens in the eye on Saturday afternoon and see how that rehydration went. I think that's going to tell us a lot about Richard Hitchens chances. I like Gary Antoine Russell in this fight. On paper, the Heroka fight is a very tough fight. But you have to remember, Heroka just got here. He just got into the US. It is midweek and Andy Heroka is just finishing a 17-hour flight getting to the US. That's like us going to Saudi Arabia. That is a long flight for Andy Heroka. I I have a hard time seeing that not bothering him and bother him, not affect him physically. And Gary Antoine Russell is not the fighter you want to go up against that when you're affected physically. Um, all right. Excluding the main event, who do you think has the best chance to score a knockout victory? &gt;&gt; Um, I would say Russell and uh Heroka. I mean, both of them are power punchers. They're both southpaws. Lefties hate fighting other lefties, but I think the better feat is with Heroka. And yeah, that's a big red flag, the uh the the travel change and coming off the flight. But I think this Japanese fighter, you know, they're they're they're warriors. They're mentally strong. And I think he's going to carry that in the ring. I think it's going to be a quick night. Both of them kept bit power, but Aroka's a live dog. &gt;&gt; I think Russell, too. Like, it's a 17-hour flight. That is a long flight. And you're just getting here midweek. You got to adjust. He wasn't at the press conference. He's got to physically that has got to be draining. I think Gary Antoine Russell, who improved a lot in that Rio Valenuela fight, I I think he's going to that is the one I would take to win uh by knockout. All right. Uh, which fighter do you think has the best chance of pulling off an upset in this fight? &gt;&gt; Um, Mario Bros. Mario Barios, I think he has that much experience. I think he's the bigger fighter. He's going to rehydrate and look much bigger inside that ring. And we all know that Ryan Garcia is hot or cold, hit or miss. And him training with his with his father, bouncing around from trainer to trainer, it's it says more about his mental uh status, and we all know Ryan Garcia has struggled with mental issues. So, I just think this kid's jugging a lot, and Mario Barios has been prepared for this moment. He's been groomed for this moment. He's fought on the biggest stage possible, pay-per-views on Canelo undercards. So, this is nothing new for him and I think this is a time for him to shine. &gt;&gt; Yeah, on this we agree Barios is a very good fighter. I wouldn't call him a great fighter and he has come up short against the biggest names on his resume. Keith Thurman, Jervante Davis, among others, but he is still a professional solid BB plus level guy in my opinion. If Ryan Garcia is not on his game, I think he's gonna have a lot of problems with Mario Barios. All right, you look down the card. The fight with the best chance to end in a draw is what? &gt;&gt; Probably Mario Bios, he's coming off backto-back draws. &gt;&gt; Your third time's the charm. &gt;&gt; Third time's the charm. I mean, whenever you keep fights that close. It's not that you're looking to win spectacular. He's not going for the knockout. He just wants to stay in the game. He wants to make rounds close. He doesn't really want to dominate and win every single round. That's Mario Barios. That's a veteran for you. So, I think if any fight ends in a draw, it's going to be the third straight. The third time's a charm for Mario Bros. I got to go with Hitchens Darte. Um because we saw Hitchens in a super competitive fight against uh Gustavo Lamos a couple of years ago. That shells tells me a pressure fighter can bother him. And look, Oscar Dwarte won his last fight, but that was a majority draw against Kenneth Sims. I think that's going to be a super competitive fight that goes to the scorecards as well. I think that is most likely to wind up as a draw. All right, which fight or fighter has the best chance of ending their fight within three rounds? &gt;&gt; Uh Gary Russell Heroka. Too much power. too much power. Lefties hate fighting other lefties. And I think Heroka, because of that flight change, if he does have any any lingering physical issues, he's gonna want to start fast because he doesn't want to go into the later rounds. So, I think that one could end quickly with two power punchy power punching left-handers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's true. I would probably lean towards that, but I also think the Ryan Barios fight, I think if Ryan catches Barios early, Barios could be in trouble. We saw Ryan, but we saw Ryan first round against Deon Haney. First round against Devon Haney. Clipped him with that that left hook. Now, Ryan, I don't know what version of him we're going to get in this fight, but he's shown he has early in the fight power, and that left hook is real. I also think Barios, one of the weaknesses I see in him in this fight is he's slow. He's not as fast as Ryan Garcia. And sometimes when he throws that right hand, he kind of leaves it out there. Sergio kind of leaves it hanging out there. You know what happens like that? Go back to the Francisco Fana fight that Ryan fought all those years ago. You leave that right hand out there. He's coming over the top with that left hook. &gt;&gt; I think uh Javvante Davis, it took him 11 rounds to knock out Mario Bio. So if a different fighter though counter puncher but he's more explosive he's a harder puncher than Ryan Garcia just as a quick twitchy and a southpaw just more explosive from the lower body and he's a shorter fighter so it's even more explosive so I think Mario Bar has learned from all those of course Keith one time Thurman I think he pound-for-pound is a harder puncher than both uh Garcia and Tank because he's naturally a bigger fighter so power is not going to intimidate Mario Bros and that's the reason I see the distance &gt;&gt; really fascinating card top to bottom excellent fights knockout possibilities all around draw possibilities here as well that's on this card. Uh on Saturday on DraftKings Sportsbook, all customers can get 30% winning method profit boost for use on any of tonight's fights. Just download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use promo code Done when you sign up. DraftKings Sportsbook, the crown is yours. And do not miss the Zone's new ultimate plan. It is the best value for fight fans all over the world who want the best in boxing on their terms. Join Ultimate and get a minimum of 12 pay-per-view events every year at no extra cost, including Saturday's highstakes fight between Mario Barios and Ryan Garcia. &gt;&gt; The first rule of the Zone Ultimate is The first rule. First rule, the first rule The first rule of the Zone Ultimate is you do not pay. &gt;&gt; You do not you do not pay-per-view. &gt;&gt; Do not pay-per-view. &gt;&gt; The Ultimate Fight Night is here. You do not want to miss this. &gt;&gt; Second rule of the zone ultimate is &gt;&gt; second rule is you don't pay because Ultimate gives you a minimum of 12 pay-per-view fights a year at no extra cost. &gt;&gt; The only rule of The Zone Ultimate, you do not pay per view. So join us ringside and welcome to the Zone Ultimate.