Kind: captions Language: en New York City Madison Square Garden was the venue for a very special fight this evening between Shakur Stevenson and Tafimo Lopez. Shakor Stevenson crowning himself a four division champ, the Ring Magazine champ, the WBO champ at 140 lbs. Tapimo Lopez losing those belts this evening. Uh Done did in general give you a really great day of boxing all day long today. We saw Franchesca Hennessy take another big step towards world glory. She beat fellow unbeaten British boxer Ellie Bellhell. So that was one of the fights that we had on earlier on for you. Uh and then later on we would move on to back Mr. That's a difficult name to say, isn't it people? Mazelv, something like that. Defended his IBF super welterweight title against Josh Kelly. Uh so that one may be unexpected. And then finally, it was uh all capped off uh with the fight that we just saw, Shakur Stevenson becoming a four-weight world champ with a very clinical defeat of Tapimo Lopez. What we got for you coming up this week, I can tell you on Friday, we've got Christian Medina stepping onto the big stage to make his first WBO bantamweight title defense against Adran Corel as two Mexican warriors collide in just a nononsense all Mexico showdown. Then on Saturday, we got an allout war type of fight between WBA featherweight champion Nick Ball in his hometown of Liverpool and the 7 in taller Brandon Figureroa. It is all live for you on Done, the global home of boxing. With that, everybody, a very warm welcome to Beyond the Bell. So good to have you with us. Kate Scott, uh, senior ringider Mike Carpenter and world class trainer Malik Scott here with you. Let's talk about what we just saw in the main event. Shakur Stevenson going up in weight, going up to 140, not taking a tuneup, not getting comfortable at the weight, but going straight in against the ring and WBO champ and performing like that. Malik, it's special. &gt;&gt; Extremely special. And he did it at the highest level that one could do it on. Um I I was impressed with Chicago. If you look at in the lab, the ring with Malik Scott, the best show in boxing, inside the ring, I said it. It would be the jab. He had one of the best jabs in the business from a southball standpoint. But what I was really disappointed in was the corner work from Tio. No one is telling this young man to get his lead hand up. His eye is swell up and beating from the jab. He's running into the jab. Someone should say get your lead hand up to take that jab away. It just was no adjustments made. They had no answers and I was a bit disappointed in that. Not disappointed too much in Tio cuz he did try but his trying just wasn't enough for somebody as he leaders. &gt;&gt; Let's go through the highlights of this fight and take a look at at how it played out. But it was pretty much the same round to round. Tapimo Lopez struggled to make an impact on Shakura Stevenson. Malik. &gt;&gt; Yes. So what Shakura did all night was he just used the small steps going back put the jab out there. Tio came in as you can see every time with his lead hand down. And Shakur almost he almost could close his eyes and just hit him with jabs at will. And what I really was impressed with the most this time right here. Yeah Shakur was on the rope but he didn't spend a lot of time on the rope this fight like he did with Ceda before the fight. I said I would like that same thing that he did with Seda but not on the rope but just making small circles and he did that all night. Look there to lead hand is down. Shakur one of the best jabs in the business and he just landed it all night long. Lead hand down. You're getting hit with jabs. Your eye is bloody. You're cut. No one's going to tell you to get your lead hand up. Forget his corner. Why didn't nobody Why didn't he tell himself I got to get my lead hand up? It's a thing that go on in boxing where people where fighters are doing things just to do it. And at a high level like this when you're going against Shakur Stevenson, at minimum, you have to say to yourself, he's a southpaw. My lead hand have to be up when I'm approaching him. So, at minimum, I don't get hit and eaten up with his jab. That just wasn't good for him. &gt;&gt; Obviously, Shakur now leaves tonight with with two titles. The most valuable one of them all, which is the Ring Magazine belt, and then also the WBO that he won from to there. I I I guess I just wonder what what do we see him now? Now, is it title fights only and and who is the most interesting opponent for him? Do you think we saw the face off between him and Conor Ben? Does he go up to 147? Does he stay at 140 and try and unify? What do you want to see him do? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think Shakor Stevenson should stay at 140 for a little bit. I mean, he just moved up in weight and what a performance that was. Superb in there, the range, the balance, very disciplined approach. Conor Ben, I'm a big fan. I just think the style of course Stevenson is all wrong for him, but it would be a fun promotion. I'm not sure who we see him, you I think that we look to that card next month, right? Ring seven. I would like to see maybe Ryan Garcia if he beats Mario Barios against Stevenson. That'll be fun. And then you also have, of course, Richardson Hitchens Dworth winner, maybe the Gary Anton Russell winner, but Ryan Garcia beats Barios. That to me stands out. &gt;&gt; I I I think we can see the fan zone here thinks that it should be Devin Haney. Now, everybody wants a piece of Devon Haney. Deon Deon Haney is getting called out left, right, and center. What's going on? I believe because they look at him almost like, yeah, you'll get beat, you'll get humiliated, but you won't really get fluffed up like really too much. So, they look at him almost like like he's food. But I'm I'm I agree with Bill Haney. He's definitely the debo of the division because every time people think they can come in and do what they want to him, he always offset him with a game plan. He always offset him with them boxing skills. He's one of the most purest boxers in the world. And he's not food in no division. I &gt;&gt; I didn't understand what you said. Sorry. People are looking at Devon Haney thinking that he will get beat. They looking at Devon Haney as if he's food because they look at it like, well, he's a pure boxer. You're not really going to go through too much pain by boxing him. They almost kind of look at Shakur like that too, but not as much because Shakur cut you down to the body as you can see. He makes you bleed. He he he humili he humiliates you. I'm sorry. And it's just it could be all bad for any style. So, you know, it's just one of those things. &gt;&gt; Can we talk about one of my favorite moments of of the whole fight card, which came in in the heavyweight fight, Jerrell Miller losing the hairpiece. That was something we've never seen before in boxing. Social media is a cruel place. If I was Jerel Miller, I would I would stay off social media for a minute. You know how that feels, Mike. &gt;&gt; And you can't. You're talking to two bald men right here. You know, you can't fight it. When you're bald, you just accept it. You embrace it. &gt;&gt; We embrace it. Bald is beautiful. Hey. &gt;&gt; Hey. Look at that. &gt;&gt; So, there it is right there. And I also got to say, as far as embracing the moment goes, Joe Miller had a lot of fun with it. You see him right here playing to the crowd. He is a showman. He could have been in WWE. &gt;&gt; Oh, you got to love him. You got to love him. &gt;&gt; I would have loved him even more if he brought more into the fight, but as far as the antics go, I mean, Fabio Fabio War &gt;&gt; somebody he was supposed to fight last year. &gt;&gt; Mistakes in life are then going to fight him next year, last year. And &gt;&gt; I don't know. I want to see more of Jerel Miller. I don't want to see more of the hair and I want to see more of Shakor Stevenson, my good friends. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Me, too. &gt;&gt; Two of the fighters I think we probably want to see more of is Keshan Davis and Shushu Carrington after their performances tonight. Malik, &gt;&gt; yes. It took it it took Keshan some time to catch up to somebody as crafty that moves a lot. Even though Ortiz wasn't moving as much tonight, he was a little bit he's still awkward and and and it's hard for guys to catch up to him. But what I like the most is all the way until the bell run, Keshan did not stop hunting. He kept hunting the whole time. What do I mean by hunting? He never stopped thinking that I'm going to get this guy out of here. He went to the body. He went to the head. He went to the shoulders. And he just didn't stop with the onslaught. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, what I really liked, Kate, is that Keshan Davis after he drops Jermaine Ortiz with the left hook to the body in round 11. He kept going back to that punch over and over again. Drops him again in the 12th, closes the show, and we talked about it earlier in the show, right? Keeshan Davis needed it so badly, especially after the way the fight was going. It's punctuated with two knockdowns. I think now he's headed for a big 2026. I would like to see him fight two more times this year. &gt;&gt; So many interesting fights in and around this weight as well. 140 uh 147. What about Shushu Carrington down at the lighter weight? How did you look at him tonight, &gt;&gt; Shushu? I mean, I think that was the performance of the night on the undercard. No question. Especially the way he scored that knockout. I mean, he only had like three brutal shots when he was already on the way down. That was just mean. So, Shushu Carrington, featherweight division really needs some reinvigoration. I think he's bringing it. He's young. He's flashy. And I think he's the future of this division. &gt;&gt; Let's head over to the boys ringside. Todd, Sergio, Chris, what what are you guys thinking about? &gt;&gt; Uh, quick one for Mike just real quick. The four magic words in the welterweight division are Ryan Garcia, Devin Haney. I don't want to hear any more words about those two guys. It's been two years, Mike. I want to see them back in the ring at 147. &gt;&gt; Me, too, Chris. You're right. I'll give you that. That's the biggest one of the biggest fights in boxing. But first, we need Ryan Garcia to score a big win against Barios. &gt;&gt; 100%. I'd rather see Coinger versus Manx. What about you, Sergey? Coper is a favorite. &gt;&gt; Manx has a lot of height and reach on me. I'm not sure. lose him. What would the weight class be for that one? This guy's lost like 30 lbs. &gt;&gt; Bridger weight. It'll be bridger weight. &gt;&gt; You got bridger weight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Well, let's talk real quick. Uh &gt;&gt; the main event obviously sensational by Shakur Stevenson. But where does Tafimo Lopez go from here? He he just seemed reserved to the fact of I don't know what I'm going to do next. Maybe I go up a weight class. Maybe I just hang around here. &gt;&gt; I tell you, I was in the ring during all the chaos. And when Terrence Crawford kind of made some peace with Teapimo Lopez, &gt;&gt; one thing I heard Teaphimo say like, "How about you and me?" And Terrence goes, "I'm too big for you, man. I'm too big for you." So I think Teafimo's got in his mind, "Hey, maybe move up in weight. Hey, look, he challenged Boots Enis just last year." So I think that's in the back of his head. I also think if he stays at 140, there are winnable fights for him here at 140 pounds. I was talking to his manager, Keith Connley, in the ring. He said, "Look, I don't think my guy fought that bad. I just think he fought a great fighter and that's certainly true. Teaimo Lopez against a Dalton Smith, Richardson Hitchens, Gary Antoine Russell, those are good competitive fights that can get Taphimo right back into the mix. &gt;&gt; I agree and I think Tofimo should just lick his wounds and come back just like he did after George Cambosus. You know, guys like Tofimo, yes, he got outclassed tonight. He got schooled tonight, but he's still a top dog. He's still a top fighter. I would love to see him with 140 pound champion. someone some fighters that bring power fighters like Gary Antoine Russell someone that's going to want to push a fight. That's the type of style I would love to see a fighter like Tioimo Lopez come back to. &gt;&gt; As for Shakur Stevenson, we saw Conor Ben get in the ring. He seemed to want Connor Ben if that fight happened. Would it look similar to what we saw tonight where Conor Ben swinging at Ghost or could he have more success? &gt;&gt; No, he'll he'll Conor Ben will have more success cuz he's a natural bigger fighter. Conor Ben has this meanness to him. He he overloads on shots. Not saying I will pick Connor Ben to win, just it'll be a more competitive fight than we've seen tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think the equalizer for Connor Ben is that he is a big 147 and Chakor Stevenson is a normalsiz 135 and a small 140, be packing seven more pounds on it. Connor Ben could be more physical, could rough it up, could make him fight a different type of fight. That's an intriguing fight to me. But the world is Shakur Stevenson's oyster right now. He is a champion at 135. He has told me in the past, unless he gets a huge fight, he's going back to 135, try to unify the division. We might see Floyd Scoffield fighting for a world title at some point in the next 6 months. There's some juice to that matchup. If he stays at 140, a New York type battle with Richard Hitchens is interesting. A fight in the UK with Dalton Smith is interesting. And then of course 147, Ryan Garcia, Connor Ben, Devin Haney, a lot of names for Shakor Stevenson to explore. &gt;&gt; Well, Keshan Davis, we're going to touch on him uh quickly. uh a great stoppage in the final round in the co-main event of the evening. He called out Devin Haney on uh Twitter. Devin Haney said, "I'm with it. Let's do it." Sergio, is that the fight you want to see? And if it does happen, who wins? &gt;&gt; It it it it really shocks me that everyone's looking to fight Deon Haney. It's like Deon Haney is the man to beat in order to get the big paydays. I'm surprised they want that, but I would love that fight. The way I saw Keshan Davis today, I think Haney will give him an excellent fight with that jab. same on the outside using his footwork. But I would want to see how de Devin Haney reacts when he gets clipped by the power of Keshan and we all just saw that Keshan carries the power all the way to the 12th round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'd like to see Keshan win a title at 140 before he goes up. The Hitchens stuff like they were going at it in the first press conference. That's an easy fight to make on under the match room banner uh natural top rank type banner. I I think that's the fight I would like to see Keshan and if he gets that belt to 140, Deon's still going to be there. Deon's not going anywhere. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, that'll do it for us for now. We'll see you in a couple of weeks out in Las Vegas. Ryan Garcia and Mario Barios. For now, back up to Kate. &gt;&gt; Wait, can you keep the guys there for me just for one second because I want to say something real quick and and the the guys here should be there for this. Uh because Malik and Mike haven't been at Done all that long. I've been here for a little minute. You guys have been here for such a long time. Tonight is the last show of Chris Glennville who directed the fight tonight. He has been with Done for 13 long years. Wow. &gt;&gt; Uh he has been just an incredible asset and a friend. He's built boxing up at this network and Don is now the global home of boxing. So, we would like to say a very big thank you to Chris Glennville. Guys, you may give a speech if you want. Anybody want to say anything? &gt;&gt; I don't I've never heard of him. What? What? &gt;&gt; Who's that? Is that one of the guys in the truck? I don't know. All &gt;&gt; Hey, when he first got here, we didn't like him, right? We thought, who's this stiff guy from Wales, but as it became as he was here longer and longer, he became one of my best mates, as he as they say over there. So, so long, Chris. We'll see you around the corner. And man, he was a great boss. I would say too, one thing about Chris, he's always had our back here uh at Done. Always been an advocate for all of us, all the people that are in front and behind the camera. We will definitely miss you, Chris. And we know you're not going too far. You can't get away from the US. We know that. &gt;&gt; A boss you have to respect and a boss I actually liked hanging out with. You are the man, Chris Glennville. Wherever you are, wherever you go, you're going to fit in just nicely. You're the man, mate. &gt;&gt; And drinks are on you, Chris. They they serve until 4 a.m. here in New York. &gt;&gt; Yes. Look at all that love. Thank you so much, Chris. We love you very much. Uh thank you guys. It was fun to watch this event with you. Uh we hope that you guys at home really enjoyed as well joining us today for ring six and the whole card which had just high stakes and career definfining fights from all the crew at Done, especially Chris Glennville. Have a wonderful night and we will see you for big time boxing next time here on the global home of boxing. Good night everybody. &gt;&gt; If you don't speak then you won't get spoken to. People only see you when you up then they notice you. Trying to be a legend. Cray lines is quotable. Only the real sh last and I only know a few people when they feelings always acting emotional. Ain't about a check then it ain't negotiable. Got to show respect to the people that's posting you. Soon to be on posters posted up like the older dudes. Now we aging like fine wine. How we supposed to do? Peep the shade on the timelines. This time post is black and white like photos from a disposable. Certain situations you end up uncontrollable. all up in their head. I be so confused. I just brush it off. Peep the shoulder moves. We all got the same 24, so it's no excuse. Switch it up. We could rap or produce the things you can't have is forbidden fruit. It seem like people love me. They know that I'm the one. They got their eyes on me. They know I'm here to stay and I won't leave. We do this for the fans, for your eyes only. &gt;&gt; Well, I should get going. &gt;&gt; Not without dessert. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Door Dash is on the way. &gt;&gt; Game's about to start. &gt;&gt; Stay for the game. &gt;&gt; I'm falling asleep. &gt;&gt; I'm never leaving, am I? &gt;&gt; Coffee it is, &gt;&gt; right?