Kind: captions Language: en Moses Toma has sustained an injury in camp for his fight with Germaine Franklin which was scheduled for the 24th of January. Due to this, we're now told by Queensbury and Frank's organization, the whole Magnificent 7 show has been postponed and has been moved to a new date of the 28th of March at the Co-op Live in Manchester. I injured myself. I called Frank. I said, "Listen, I've um I've injured, but I reckon I'll be all right." Because pulling out a fight just doesn't it doesn't resonate with me. So, I was like I said, "I've hurt myself, but I reckon I'll be all right." And then um Frank was like, "Go get a scan. Go get a scan." And I was like I was like, "Oh, I'll let you know tomorrow." And I woke up. I was like, "It's a lot better. So, I reckon I'll be all right for the fight." And then he was like, he was like, "Go get a scan." And I said, "Trust me, Frank. I'll be all right." Anyways, next week, start sparring, throw a hook. I couldn't throw it. I called Frank. I was like, "Oh, um, I got a problem." And he was like, "I'm not going to let you box unless you get a scan." So, um, I went to get a scan and I find out I had a grade two tear in my bicep. So, there's me trying to push through a tear. Boxing is it? What are you going to do? But we tried to manage it obviously to the best of our ability and tried to keep going. So we took a took a break, managed the the load and and dropped the load down the training volume but just unfortunately it was still causing us some issues. So we had to make the decision to postpone the fight. Mark suspens. will be building up his conditioning while at the same time obviously running through some rudimental typical fundamentals in terms of the boxing techniques. &gt;&gt; Just take a bigger step cuz he's not ready. Warn they're not ready. Big step. Boom. Build into it. We've kind of worked on every different element that we can do in them 5 years. I know him pretty well, so I know what he has to do in order to prepare him correctly for for his fights. &gt;&gt; A lot of boxers do have the overtraining in them. They kind of think doing more is better when um often, you know, there's the right amount. So um yeah, he has to be held back a little bit on things. Um he's incredibly intelligent with strength and conditioning as well. He has a very good um outlook on it also. You know he's pretty switched on with it as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it was a charity event was I was going to my brother whatever you do don't kill him. So he's come out relaxed. The other fellas come out swinging. So come back to the corner set. &gt;&gt; Germaine Franklin. He's a he's a seasoned operator. He's got the loss to Anthony Joshua who's one of the greats of of any era. And he's experienced. He he's got that he's um he's been around. He's very gain and he's a decent boxer. He's smart. Uh we've actually had him help us in preparation for other boxers down here before. And so we know him well and um know the quality that he brings. And it's it's a step up. It's the best opponent Moses has been in with so far. So, this is what snap. Zero presentation, but 100% R Moses. I was about to say Rico. So, it's my nightly meal. Steak, four eggs, bit of veg. Can't go wrong. Actually, the last hack is bringing out the big boy, coconut water. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's been okay. He he spent a lot of time doing his rehab. He had a lot of a lot of work put in for the first time around with the first camp. So hopefully he um continued to watch the the the scouting reports, the film study stuff, etc. And then we just picked things back up and got straight back into the thick of it. It wasn't too long off and yeah, it's just about trying to manage it. I don't believe it's a setback. I've only just turned 21. I've got Dillian White, Marius Wack, Maragan, Dempsey McKeen under my name. I've had 13 fights in 3 years. So, I don't I don't believe it's a setback. I'm still I'm still way ahead of the game. Obviously, I'm young. I overlook certain things. So, I need to make sure that I'm taking time to warm up as well. So, um I'm not warming up as round goes on. I'm actually going into the spars warm. So, everything's a learning curve. Like, um it's either you win or you learn. You can't lose. So, I'm learning from my mistakes. &gt;&gt; Jermaine Franklin. Yeah. I think he's a season pro. So, I don't think the rescheduling of a date will be an issue for him. I think a key word for him would be underrated. I think he's he's been in there with with some top operators. It's a good fight and he's got a lot of experience behind him and and that's the sort of stuff that we think will make it a great matchup for for Moses and he'll be able to soak up and absorb a lot of experience himself from the fight. &gt;&gt; I believe that this is my toughest fight. I believe I believe he beat Dillian White and I believe obviously gave Anthony Joshua a tough fight and what he does so well there's question marks on my career. So the thing that Jermaine Franklin brings to the table he's durable, he's tough, his game he throws hands. We don't really look at do we think the opponent's going to be on the front foot, back foot. We look at more in scenarios his typical reaction is this. It's not to say every single time his reaction going to be this, but these are things that typically will keep happening no matter how he approaches the fights. Those are the things that we'll we'll knuckle down on. &gt;&gt; Moses has got a fantastic boxing IQ. So, and he's very very coachable. You know, I think people underestimate how hard he works, which is something that I constantly reiterate to him. It's important never to underestimate that because people will look at you and think that you just turn up, smash people up, and walk off. But there's a lot of work that goes into that. He's put a lot of work in his whole life to to be able to put in these performances and he puts in a tremendous amount of work in the training camp leading up to these fights and that's why he's able to put on these performances. So, he should never lose sight of that. &gt;&gt; I guess boxing is not really in your own hands. Like you still have, I guess, people to answer. You still have to box and abide by certain people. I wouldn't say rules, I say people. So after I knew that was kind of off off the list, I was like, let me just take my time. Let me evolve as a boxer. And I think Jermaine Franklin, the reason, like I said, the reason why he's such a good good fight is because what he does so well, people don't know about me, and I don't know about myself. So I'm going to have to prove it not only to myself, but to the fans as well. So I think I think it's uh it's a good fight. Jermaine Franklin is going to be a tough test. Like what he does well, I still haven't experienced myself. So trying to it's it's going into the unknown. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. How you doing? Nice to meet you. &gt;&gt; I believe it's I got a game plan. So there's no there's no reason for me to adapt. I got a game plan and I I got I got belief in my coaches that they wrote out the right game plan. And I feel like having the Ben Davidson stable or having Ben Lee and Barry behind me, if I stick to their game plan, I should be victorious. &gt;&gt; Before sparring today, Benner said to me, it was like, um, although the first round knockouts look good and whatnot, there's not that many heavyweights you see him break an opponent down. And I believe that's that's what I'm aiming to do against Jermaine Franklin, break him down.