Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, &gt;&gt; what went wrong for you tonight? &gt;&gt; No, no, nothing. Um, first of all, I just want to thank God, man. I really do. I want to thank the Lord above everything. He's brought me here, got me here. I shouldn't even be here in the sense of here physically, man. Um, went through a lot of tough battles throughout my career. Um, but hey, man, every dog got his day. So, you know, congratulations to congratulations to Shakur. You knew his defense was tough. What made it so difficult for you to get going tonight? &gt;&gt; Um, I can say a lot of things. Still going to be the wrong thing. Great guy, great fighter. We came out here, we went, we took everything. We We put everything on the line. They ain't have nothing to lose but game. And you know what? That's what true champions are all about. Coming in here every time. Got to put respect to it. To all my brothers and sisters, I love you guys. Always salute to the power that it be above. I thank you guys. I never wanted anything to harm you guys at all. So, for that, my condolences to all you guys and to the slavery and everything that's ever happened mentally. This fight didn't go your way. I know it's a lot to think about, but what are you thinking about next? &gt;&gt; Uh, what am I thinking about next? Um, I got a baby on the way, man. I got another one on the way. I'm I'm I'm proud father. I got my son. Hi, daddy. I love you. This is what it's all about. Some days you're not going to get it, but you always stay up and always give God the glory no matter what. Uh to my wife, I love you. We had our our shares of difficulties. And uh most importantly, I don't know, man. Definitely want to keep doing this. Keep doing what I can. Maybe 47. A lot of people will not agree to that, but I'm a fighter to the end that I die. &gt;&gt; All right. Appreciate it. Timo Shakur, you wanted to add one more thing? Oh, shout out to my management team, Jay Prince, Josh Dubin. Uh, they're the best. I told y'all I appreciate them, too. &gt;&gt; All right. Congratulations, both of you. Um, and most importantly, look, uh, Turkey, appreciate you, brother. Take care. &gt;&gt; All right.