Kind: captions Language: en No one capable I truly deep in my heart believe I'm the best. I could feel the devil calling up inside me. And that's the difference cuz I would have smacked him in the mouth. Willie Hutchinson. How are you doing, sir? How are you? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Good. Here we go again. Your 2024 was I think almost um a come out party for people that didn't really know you. Um Yeah. Fantastic performances against Craig Richards and Joshua Buatsi. I know you were upset about the Buatsi performance, but I thought it was an incredible performance. And it was close. Uh minus [snorts] the knockdowns, that fight could have gone anyway. 2025, just the one fight. Disappointed in that considering how good 2024 was? Yeah. Yeah, definitely, but for for me, I've had to go through that to be where I'm at now, you know? It's life. Again, I know I know I keep I say it and this and that, but things happen and from the year before, definitely, cuz it was a great year as for my boxing. Yeah. But um there's bigger things to come. As a person told me, there's bigger fish to fry. Mhm. You know? And I believe next year is the year I become world champion. Do do you think as an amateur you were a standout amateur. Everyone knows your accolades. It's incredible, honestly. Do you think you've underachieved considering what what people were saying about you when you were 19, 20, 21? No. It's just took longer. Mhm. Unfortunately, through myself and no one but myself. Yeah. It's just took longer. I haven't underachieved because everything's still yet to come to me. I've just turned 27 2 months ago. I'm brand new 27 years old. Yeah. Um you can't even say I've been in a hard hard fights cuz because really the hardest fight I've had was was Buatsi's and that's it's one. Yeah. You know? It's not like I'm an old man. And I've had I've had 10 hard fights. It's I'm as fresh as a daisy still. And look where I'm at now. I know what you mean, but there's there's there's time on me. No, you're still young. I'm still young. But for what I want to do in boxing, there's still yet to come for me. Did that Buatsi fight tell you where you are in terms of like level? Did that No. No. It didn't. The Buatsi fight I'll tell you, I don't make excuses. I got beat fair and square I did on that night. I fought German man of the year that year. And I was better at I was I felt better in that one than I did the Craig Richards, but I done three camps back to back without stopping and I was staying by away by myself. I just got married. I was staying away by myself anyways. And I can remember my coach try they wanted to see if they could could if he could speak to Frank or whatever and the date could have been moved, but it was impossible for me. Why why for Willie should it should it should it move? And anyways, and it continued and I was just done and I was worn out. Mhm. I was mentally worn out, you know? And for too much money to turn down, you could never walk away from it. No, you can't. Unfortunately, and you have to do what you have to do, but you have to do a thing with a bad you know? I thought you still looked really good. So me hearing this, I thought you looked really good. I felt like crap. From the second round in that fight. I shouldn't even be talking about that because I've got a a fight coming up, but one thing I can say, I felt terrible. All my days. Okay. Very bad. What did you say? It's called it's called experience. Experience? Experience. Yeah. No, no, no. &gt;&gt; Amigo. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Ezra Taylor. Yes. Thoughts on Ezra? As a person, he sounds all right. As a fighter? Um he he's a good fighter, but he's he's in a different I'm I'm in a different I'm I'm a few steps above the man. Don't you see him climbing rapidly? A lot of people are talking about him. You don't see it? If he was 23, 24, yeah. Not 31. Where's he climbing to? And that's the honest truth. You Well, you think it's too late in his years? &gt;&gt; It's not A young man that is 31 years old is a young man. As a person, but not in boxing it's not. Not even if he lived the life? No. I don't believe so. So to to improve as a boxer, no. Do you think this is an easier fight then from the fights you've had recently? Yes. Okay. Yes. I do. Do do you not You know when you say those things about Ezra, like easy money, not on your level, only been fighting since he was 19, do you not feel like you're putting a lot of pressure on yourself here? No. Cuz you've got to make this easy work then. But it is easy work, isn't it? Like in in what where would the pressure come with that? It's just natural It's just I've been around boxing all of my life. I've seen them come and I've seen them go. I've It's not like I'm brand new to this game. I've seen it all happen and work its way out. There's nothing to prove, nothing to do. It's just like it's it's league football and there's football or whatever you call it. The You know what I mean? Premier League and then there's this and it's the truth. And it's not because he's bad, he's just That's not the level. You don't think he can get to the Premier League? No. Not at 31. How? It just don't happen like that. Boxing's just not like that and he's not good enough to to for me to say, "You know what? He he can improve in the blah blah blah." Have you watched his recent fights? I watched one years ago when he boxed Young. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; And I've I seen a clip I done an interview and the man showed me the clip of his last fight. And he's just raw. Yeah. And I still think the same. He's just a big raw lad. With power? Not really. You don't think he's worth anything here then? He's just a big raw lad. Like he he he can fight, but we're talking fighting and we're talking boy coming on a world champion, becoming the best. Mhm. It's you you It's different worlds. I know you won't overlook him. I know your team won't overlook him. &gt;&gt; a job on him, aren't I? I've got to break him up. Which isn't going to be easy. Well, I think it will. What does 2026 look like for you then, Willie, if that if you get past him as you say easily on the 24th of Jan, what does the year look like? Does it end with a world title fight? &gt;&gt; Yes. 100%. The talks are already in mid. How far away do you think you are from the very top dogs in the division? 18 month. Yeah. So the Benavidez's, Bivol's, Beterbiev's. Give it 18 month. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You don't lack confidence, do you? No. Where does that come from? Cuz I know what I'm capable of. Yeah. I know what I'm capable of and I'm not a person that would just say it to to mean what it means nothing to me. Mhm. To say it and and No, I truly deep in my heart believe I'm the best. Yeah, two very good fighters. I think I think you're both two very good fighters. Um do you win by knockout? Of course I do. Definitely. That's the plan. &gt;&gt; And if I don't think if it's not knockout, he'll be really he'll get stopped very on on hurtful. The referee will jump in and stop the fight. I do believe it. I do. I don't know. I'm looking at you and I'm trying to see if you're joking, but you're not. You You sound like you do. I don't know. I believe it. Yeah. The fight will get stopped. If he doesn't get knocked spark out, which will be better for him. He'll be he'll can get hurt here. Where where's this You know what happened ringside with you two. Mhm. Where does that come from? Is there &gt;&gt; Nowhere. He's just talking he's talking about rubbish. I was probably talking about rubbish as well, but the man who was recording it wasn't probably doing a great thing for himself either. Do you know what I mean? I can't even remember. I don't even know what I said. I'm off social media. Mhm. I've never seen the video. I can't even remember what happened. I just knew when the whatever it was said, I could feel the devil calling up inside me. And that's the difference cuz I would have smacked him in the mouth. And for what really? Yeah. We can't have said that bad of things in the ring. Well, yeah. But he can't have said that bad of things to me, can he? But that was the thing a little thing I was telling you about. There's that little demon on your shoulder. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's there 24/7. You've got to keep him at bay, don't you? Yeah, let's bring him back. Definitely. Thank you, bro. Appreciate that. Thank you.