Kind: captions Language: en Bee Wilder. I &gt;&gt; promised my daughter that I would be a champion. I wasn't going to let nothing or anything get in my way. &gt;&gt; Wilder. I'm telling you, he's mean. He won't avoid A FIGHT. HE WON'T AVOID a fight. &gt;&gt; That's a great fight, but it also be a dominance. And I'm looking to be the dominant in the wild. &gt;&gt; And now the right hand LANDS FOR WILDER. AND THERE'S THE FIGHT WE'RE LOOKING FOR. &gt;&gt; B say when everything explodes. I see a great fight happening. But I see me laying them out. &gt;&gt; Here we go. Fight number 50. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. &gt;&gt; The big 5-0. Um, you know, I've always said, but you've said this as well, like boxing is the most dangerous sport in the world. &gt;&gt; Um, and we we like to maybe shy away from it, but you can lose your life in the ring. We've seen it, right? &gt;&gt; You've become WBC champion. You was a long reigning WBC champion. Um, you made some good money. I'd like to think you've reached like Mount Everest, the top of the mountain. &gt;&gt; Why do you still continue? Like what what's the drive now when you've achieved all the goals that as a kid you would have dreamt about? Why do you still do this? &gt;&gt; Well, starting in my career, you know, the only reason I'm even in to boxing because I risk my life to save a life &gt;&gt; and what I mean by that because of my daughter that was born with Spobipida. you know, I jeopardized, I sacrificed my life to make money because I had to I had to drop out of college, you know, when she came because the things that she would have to face and go through, the bills, the medical bills that she would have to endure to to to to get her at a normal state of being in life, you know, &gt;&gt; it took it took money that I didn't have, you know, and I needed another option because what I was going to school for to be a professional athlete But most professional um sports consist of going to school, college, and different things like that. &gt;&gt; And by me dropping out, that was it. So I needed something else. And that where boxing came in line. &gt;&gt; And I was I was pretty good at at fighting. I never looked for trouble. I always found me, you know, &gt;&gt; and you know, and that's where I found boxing. I like I need to make money. And I just felt like I didn't know. I was, you know, I was ignorant to the business of boxing, you know, just like anybody else on the outside looking in, you know, thinking, you know, fighters make a lot of money. Some do and and most don't, you know, &gt;&gt; and I think I can do that because this is what I do in my, you know, life when things, you know, come to my way. Since I was 12 years old, I've been taking care of people. &gt;&gt; So, I've been very I've been very selfless of my way coming up. You got to understand, I have never been single in my adult life. So, I've always been in long relationships. I've always taken care of my children and other other people's childrens as well. You know what I mean? Because I believe a child shouldn't have to go through certain certain um trials and tribulations because they didn't deserve they didn't ask to be here. And I I I just I don't like to see a child suffer in this world, you know. They they they they can't defend themselves. They can't take care of themselves. We as the adult that create them must take up the responsibility. And if you have them, whatever your ways or you're doing in this world, it's over with. You got to take care of that you brought in. But now it's like I'm selfish. It's all about me now. I done that in the beginning and took care of everybody. No, I ain't never done that for myself. &gt;&gt; So what is this? Is this bonus time? &gt;&gt; It is. It really is. We can consider I like that. It's a bonus time for me &gt;&gt; because I'm set. I'm good. My family is good. I got, you know, I got life's trust wheels and all those different things. So, they they're set off. My children is as very well off. You know, they live a life that I I can only imagine and dreamed of as as a child. &gt;&gt; I was in Riyad for your last fight there against Julie Jang and um we we sat down before the fight and we had we had a nice conversation pretty much like this. All the cameras were there &gt;&gt; and I remember saying to myself, "This is going to be a tremendous Deontay Wilder performance." When it wasn't that, I also said to myself, okay, maybe we don't see Deontay Water again. &gt;&gt; And did you ever have those conversations about maybe we don't do this again, maybe we stop? &gt;&gt; I never had those conversations because I'm not the one to give up so easily. You know, only myself knew what I was going through and only I knew how to fix it, you know, doing the the Zane, the the Parkers and stuff. I was still going through the trauma of of of what I had going on outside of the ring. It's just those times I was trying to convince myself that I would be all right. You know what I mean? Just telling myself, you're going to get it together. You I'm crying in camp. I'm doing all this. You don't you know you can't if you're not 100% focused. You got to you got to cancel the fight. Then I couldn't cancel them because I got children to feed. I got things to do, you know. But when I got in the ring, it's like when the bell rung, ding. It's like I was in a hypnosis state. I went back to my problems. I went back everything but what I need to be doing inside of that ring and I didn't understand that. I didn't understand. Now I really got it after the Zay. It really It really clicked after the Zayn fight and I went to Shel. I said, "I know what it is now." You know, and me and Shel went, you know, you're like, "I knew it. I knew this." You know, it was just so much. &gt;&gt; That's quite a good Shelly voice. &gt;&gt; I got many Deontay. And um immediately after that fight, I went and went and seek help. I went and got a a therapist. And then from there went and got a went went even more uh advanced to get a sports psychologist, &gt;&gt; you know, because I just, you know, usually I'm a strong minded person. I can deal with I've dealt with a lot of things, you know. Um I I got tough skin and I've had no choice. &gt;&gt; I think it takes a lot for someone to admit that they do need those extra bits of help to build themselves back up. &gt;&gt; Most definitely. You know, most most black people need need therapist and need because of the the the the the trauma that we have dealt with, you know, I mean, &gt;&gt; the generation trauma that we've dealt with &gt;&gt; that we hide. We hide all the time, you know, and nobody really understand unless you walked in the shoes of us, you know, is is it's just a blank question mark, you know, why they why this and why that because of the trauma that's been going on and it's still going on to this day. &gt;&gt; To this day. this D to this D, you know. So, &gt;&gt; with that being said, I I finally went and and and and I said, I got to try something because what I've usually what I usually do, I've known to do, it's not working no more. It worked many years though. It done kept me strong, you know, until it's like it's like almost you taking taking pain medicine and it's like &gt;&gt; you taking it now, it ain't even working no more. You're like, so what you go to next? what you got to do next? And I had to figure it out. But after that fight, I I I knew what I had to do. And um I did it. I did it immediately. After that, I got back home. Boom. You know, and it was one of the best moves I ever made in my life. &gt;&gt; Well done. &gt;&gt; Um I want to go back a few years. Um 2015, you beat Baines to Vern. You're the WBC Heavyweight Champion. You're a young Bronze Bomber. You look the same actually, but a younger Bronze Bomber. How would you compare that fighter to the guy sitting in front of me now? Oh man, that fighter, you know, he had a a point to prove, you know, he was he he needed the money for his daughter. I promised my daughter that I would be a champion, be able to support her beyond her belief. And I wasn't going to let nothing or anything get in my way. I had even got injured in that fight. The day before the fight, I bust something in my eyes, so I couldn't see. I only saw gray. I only saw gray and and black out of his eye. So, I really had one eye in that fight, but I couldn't allow my opponent to know that anything or act different in that. He didn't even know to this day I beat him with one eye, you know. Um because I was doing this for my daughter, you know. I was doing it for so many so many reasons, you know. My hunger was was was at a starving mode, you know what I mean? Now, fast forward, achieving greatness, been a been a a long-term champion, defending my title for over 10 consecutive times, you know, having success, you know, in life, finance, doing the things I've done. You know, it's just a different me. You know, it's a beautiful thing to say that I don't need this business anymore because I've done the right things in the beginning, you know, of my life, you know, but at the same time, &gt;&gt; I'm selfish. &gt;&gt; No, no, we're happy you're selfish cuz I think the business needs you. &gt;&gt; I think um you and your opponent Chazora are look warriors in the sport, but also personalities and characters. And I think sometimes boxing lacks a lot of personalities and characters. Why Derek Chisor? David Chisora, I need him because what he brings to the table, you know, I feel like I'm truly back mentally because of what I what I've been through and what I've had to do to correct it, you know, the the the countless of time and the countless of months and months and months of rebuilding myself, getting myself back together, you know, and with him, I need a guy that don't give a don't care at all. I need a guy that's going to get that bring that pressure &gt;&gt; upon pressure from every round. I need a like I said pressure break pipes but it also be diamonds and I'm looking to be the diamond in the rough out of this situation. I need someone that's going to be relentless and unfortunately this he said this is a retirement fight and I know he's going to he want to go out with a big bang and why not me? On the other hand, we've also supposed to had this fight a decade ago. You know what I mean? We supposed to have this fight done in December. This fight is supposed to be done in February. And here it is now. Let's just tell you about the sense of humor of what God has. &gt;&gt; It don't come when we want it, but it's always on timing. &gt;&gt; Timing is the best timing. &gt;&gt; Come on, man. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Final one, Deontay. How does this fight play out for you when you visualize it? And I know you like to visualize stuff. What what do you visualize come 11:00 p.m. on Saturday, April 4th? &gt;&gt; Well, as I can see thus far, it may change, but as I said, thus far, you know, and I'mma fast forward to the fight, you know, I'm not going to take it through the training or, you know, anything leading up to it, just going straight to the fight. And I just see two warriors coming out. It's equally yolked far as the the the the fans is concerned. Both is cheering. You got the warsurus side and you got the the bomb squad side of things. It's electrifying. It's packed. You know, all the all the nerves and stuff is flowing in the air and when the barrel say ding that when everything explodes, you know, I see a great fight happening. But I see me like laying them out. I see me laying them out. I don't know what round. It could be early, you know. It could be late. Definitely not going to get drowned. I love the pressure, but that's how I see it. In the end, I seen us one winner, one loser. I'm picking them up off the ground, my hands being raised high in the sky. I'm giving them a big hug and we going to go E5, guys. &gt;&gt; I'll be there as well. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Bless. Thank you, brother. Thank you. Bless. Bless. Thank you.