Kind: captions Language: en Mario Bario &gt;&gt; Garcia. He's explosive. He's dangerous. Like I'm the better fighter. &gt;&gt; Mario's looking to finish it off and a huge left hook. CAUGHT STUNNED HIM. AT &gt;&gt; the end of the day, I'm the champion. I'm looking to defend. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's a right hand. Talk about power. It wasn't like my Donna. IT WAS BARIOS WITH A ONE PUNCH KNOCKDOWN. &gt;&gt; I don't make much of, you know, all the noise around Garcia. &gt;&gt; Barios with the flurry. I'm looking forward to, you know, taking advantage of every weakness and his style. &gt;&gt; Last time out against Manny Pacquiao. How was that to be in the ring with a legend? What did you take away from it? &gt;&gt; Being in the ring with a legend, it was uh it was great experience there. He's definitely one of a kind. Uh I took a lot from from that fight. Just being in there with somebody with his timing, his uh his skill, his speed. Yeah, just, you know, going to use that, you know, to in in every way, you know, to to grow as a fighter. &gt;&gt; Your opponent on the 21st, Garcia, hasn't actually won a fight officially since 2023. You know, he's been through a lot of controversies, the scandal with Haney and then lost against Roly Romero. What did you make of all that? &gt;&gt; I don't make much of, you know, all the all the the like noise around Garcia. I just know, you know, I have a a live opponent in front of me. I have somebody, you know, who's trying to take my title and I'm looking just to go out there and uh defend. &gt;&gt; So, you look, you put on a big performance stylistically, what you're going to come with. &gt;&gt; Uh, stylistically, you know, I think this is going to be a very uh exciting fight. You know, Garcia, he's explosive, he's dangerous, and uh but I think on a boxing level, there's no u there's no like competing with us. I think I'm I'm I'm the better fighter and I'm looking, you know, to go out there and like show that on fight night. &gt;&gt; You just said you're the better fighter. Who can put more on the line here? Your title or his credibility? &gt;&gt; I feel like, you know, I'm going into this fight like, you know, I have, you know, everything to lose. You know, I have the title. Uh, you know, I know he's coming, you know, to with a lot of proof, but the end at the end of the day, I'm the champion. you know, u I'm looking to defend and, you know, just, you know, show why, you know, I'm, you know, the the biggest threat in the welterweight division. &gt;&gt; He got dropped last time out with that double left hook. That's a look to take advantage of. Any weaknesses there? &gt;&gt; I'm looking forward to, you know, take advantage of every weakness uh, you know, that we see in his u in in his style. &gt;&gt; He's up and down, Ryan. It's like ring some fights and he's not. Is that something you you've spotted? Do you think he's distracted? Do you think sort of social media presence is more to him than being a fighter? &gt;&gt; I don't really know what what it is. Uh if it's like social media, if it's just, you know, his personal life. Uh I'm not I'm not thinking about that though, you know. I'm thinking, you know, just that I'm going to be facing, you know, Focus Garcia regardless, you know, what what he's doing cuz Yeah. You know, again, I know I have somebody in there trying to take, you know, my title. shifting more to yourself now. What your best performance was? &gt;&gt; I think one of my best performances was when I won the interim title against Ugas. Uh a lot of people had already wrote like wrote me off in the welterweight division. They didn't think that I could compete, you know, with somebody like Ugas, you know, who uh dismantled Pacquiao uh who was already so successful. And uh so I was going to into that fight, you know, still with a lot to prove. And I think just it was just one one of those camps, you know, where everything went according or it went exactly how we wanted it to and then I went out there, you know, finally just uh executed everything that we had worked on. &gt;&gt; Undefeated. It's 2022 growing up in San Antonio. What message do you have for young fighters out there? a message, you know, for all the fighters back home, you know, it's like just, you know, stay with it, stay disciplined. Uh, yeah, you know, just know know who you are, you know, outside of boxing. This is the way you want. Give it your all. I'm I'm a good example, you know, of of what what you can do. You know, I started at the East Side Boys and Girls Club, you know, now I'm uh headlining, you know, these these these big venues. the people I keep around me are, you know, they help me stay grounded. I'm very thankful, you know, for uh the circle I keep around me, you know, my family, my friends, you know, my mom, my sisters, uh my daughter, my niece, uh everybody has definitely helped, you know, um just like I said, you know, keep me grounded, keep me focused. It definitely, you know, it takes a village and uh I'm very thankful, you know, for the the the for the circle that that I keep victory on the 21st is all, you know, I'm focused on right now. Afterwards, you know, uh handle business, you know, we'll look at what's next. Uh you know, I would love to to unify uh with one of the other current champions, but you know, first, you know, I had to go out there and uh take care of Garcia.