Kind: captions Language: en Heavyweight season on the zone and this really is something special. Chisora versus Franklin. Next Saturday we'll get to that. Yoga versus Aoli in Paris. And then we're here back in the cup live for this one. Main night between a certain WBO heavyweight world champion versus a former IBF heavyweight champion. And then am I allowed to say the number one Fabio? The number one. This is all rights given. All rights given versus Rico. Let's go down the line a bit. Let's start with this one boys. I mean, incredible fight, isn't it? This one. Jazora, it says Jazora Franken. Jazora Wilder would be nice. Jazora versus Wild and Frank's going to do another one. &gt;&gt; Someone's getting sacked. &gt;&gt; Someone's in trouble in the morning. But it's a really good card. Intriguing fight, isn't it? Because two guys, you know, at the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh, a puncher against a brawler. Is that fair to say? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And that's why I don't mind the fight to be honest. I as I get on and age a little bit. I start to worry about fighters health um and taken too much punishment. Both of these guys, you could probably argue, have already taken a lot of punishment, but because they're at the same stage of their career, I don't mind a fight and I'm looking forward to the antics and fighting. I feel like this is more leaning to you because I almost feel like these two could be potential opponents down the line. Antonio, let's not forget Olympic gold, world championship gold medals. people forget that against Lawrence Au who's been I guess asking and clamoring for big fights in the heavyweight division. How do you see this one playing out Fabio? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's an interesting one. It's an interesting one because Yoka and Aoli recent performances haven't been like blow you out of the water. Fantastic. Especially with Akoli with his step up to heavyweight. Don't get me wrong, done his job. Knocked the opponents out, got rid of him. Done it in some style, some performance, but not emphatic and maybe not even in the style we saw him at cruiserweight. This is actually quite an interesting one for the pair of them as well cuz with Yoka I would say maybe he's at a bit of a crossroads. He's had a bit of a kind of a stop start career as well. So we don't really know how far he goes but if he if he gets through a Kohi and gets through Aoli quite well puts him in prime position for Capel or something like that and then and then sky's the limit with him. But for for a Kohi who's been shouting my name and everyone's name or Capel and whichever else um that's a must win for him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, must win. I don't want to ask him about Dwire. Let me ask you about that one. Um, Dwis versus Fabia Wardley. &gt;&gt; What a fight. That's a great fight. Um, really, really good fight. I think &gt;&gt; I think, by the way, I don't think that's just a great heavyweight fight. I think that's one of the best fights they can do in any weight division. &gt;&gt; And we know the two boys love to knock people out and they seek a knockout as well and and they're very aggressive in their nature and they come forward on the front foot. So, I I I think as well, and I probably think that you would say the same, you have to give Daniel a lot of credit for taking this fight. Fabios aren't riding the crest of a wave here. F um Daniel has had a couple of defeats. This could be very detrimental to his career a defeat here. So, he's brave in that sense and taking it. But I'm I'm looking forward to a a barn burner, which I think it will be. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that almost seems like you don't need 12 for it. &gt;&gt; No, I don't need 12 rounds for that fight. &gt;&gt; I don't think so. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you must be looking you must be looking forward to obviously you know it's going to be a tough fight, but the idea of coming back here and this place will be sold out when you make your ring walk. That must be exciting. Fabio, you sold out Borman Road. You've done the O2 and now you're doing the co-op. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, it's it's fantastic for a number of reasons. One, fantastic fight. I need I know myself well enough. And I need opponents who I'm going to get up for who who make you spring out of bed in the morning and go, "Right, I've got a big day ahead of me. I need to crack on." And if I and don't get me wrong, this is a voluntary. I picked him out of choice, but I picked him because I know myself because I know I need those challenges and I know Daniel, I know he will bring the fire as well. Oh, and again like like Framlin was saying, credit to him because he could have chosen an easier fight. He could have chosen an easier way back in, but credit to him for taking the fight, but we all know that it's going to it's going to go. There's no need for judges or or or even that many rounds. &gt;&gt; We can say the exact same then for Fabio. The fact that this is a voluntary and he's saying, "Well, well, give me Daniel Dubis." I mean, two guys were big kahonas here and I'm I'm genuinely looking forward. We are for remember that one.