Kind: captions Language: en Stop holding me, Shaky. &gt;&gt; Stop holding me, Shaky. Stop holding me. &gt;&gt; You stop for one second, bro. &gt;&gt; No, I can't stop you. My titles are on the line. My legacy on the line. Grand rising. I always think about fooling around like jokingly cuz that's how I get my fun out of this. You get to have fun. You joke around and stuff, you know, cuz people take this too serious, too. You can't take it seriously. You don't love it. &gt;&gt; When you were a little kid, did you imagine yourself where you are now, man? &gt;&gt; Yeah, but only as a little kid, man. You only imagine it, right? But to live it now is like it's definitely uh it's awesome. &gt;&gt; It's pretty cool. Turn your dreams into reality. It's a real thing. You don't see no progression. You don't see no progress, so to speak. In the beginning, out of nowhere, just it's one year that just boom and then boom and back to back to back to back that hits everything. And you're like, so all that was to leave for this moment. Shakur got it coming, man. That guy got it coming. Telling you, you know, I joke around with the public, that's one thing. But man, he'll find out when we're in that ring, January 31st. You'll find out. Today is chest, triceps, little bit of shadow boxing with some weights. Keep the ligaments and everything loose. A little bit of forearms to finish it off. Nothing too intense like others. We don't need that. Later today, we're going to go boxing. But prior to that, going to go recover. Uh go see Dr. Dennis in Miami Lakes. Head over there. Go get readjusted. Just uh keeping that grind. Steady grind. We be in Shakur. Yeah. That's Tofimo right there. That's take over bobbleheads. Yeah. He agrees with me. He going down, ain't he? Yeah. Let's go, baby. The takeover. Today, we're going to fill ourselves up with a couple different things. Got my black coffee where it says New York because that's where we're headed. Like Frank Sinatra says, if you can make it in New York, you can make it anywhere. And um now what's left is the main dish. There's a lot right here, but usually it's not bad after a workout, too. You know, you fill up the you fuel up the body. I think a lot of people want success, but what is success? There's so many ways to look at it. What is success? What is the true meaning behind success? &gt;&gt; Being better than you were yesterday. &gt;&gt; Kobe Bryant says it. He's like, you know, winning all these championships were great in the beginning, but like, you know, um so many people just kept saying and saying more and more things about him no matter what. And what changed that perspective and that that way of him looking at it was like, well, let me start focusing on inspiring inspiring everyone around uh being a leader. Uh he was always had that leader mentality all the way ever since he was number eight. You get more out of what you do from inspiring everyone than you do focusing on yourself because you already know you did it. You did it. You know it's like this guy behind me. He says I just did that you know. So you know when you do that you did that. I want to hang up my gloves one day where no one could reach the accomplishments and for years. I'm talking about like half a century. It's going to take somebody 50 years from now to accomplish what I'm going to be doing. That's my mindset. You know, as long as something much higher than all of us respects me and loves what I'm doing, then I'm then that's all I need. That's all I need. That's all I need. And my son sees me as his superhero. Sees me as a damn superhero. You know what I mean? So, uh, and a good one at it, you know? So, and I'm his best friend. So, if if there's anyone that could bring me that that joy and know that I that acceptance, it's going to be my my young boy. Shar Robinson fighter of the year award. It's very rare to get these, but yeah, this one's made out of brass. Yeah. Doesn't feel real sometimes like even to this day. But, um yeah, would like to see like two, three more of these, you know, I could claim. So, uh, but I'm very, uh, I'm very thankful for it for sure. Worked hard for it. We know our end goal is to become out victorious and show the world that we are the best at what we do, uh, individually, him as a trainer, me as a fighter. And, um, you know, that relationship won't ever end. And as a father and son duo, you know, I am thankful for him on that. I he deals with my a lot. and uh you know, but I know he only wants the best for me. And that's what you know, who else would you want in your corner than someone that wants the best for you and knows what you could do? So, we're here at Dr. Dennis. We're in Miami Lakes. Really, what I do here is just uh readjusting, realigning everything, all the ligaments, all of that. Health is well, so to speak. So, right now, we're about to go get crack. What's up, big dog? &gt;&gt; Good to see you, man. You &gt;&gt; ready to get tuned up? Let's do it. &gt;&gt; When it comes to boxing specifically, there's bobbing and weaving and there's a lot of high repetition that starts to wear and tear at the spinal disc level. So, what we're going to do is we're going to decompress the spine and make sure that we get hydration back into the disc. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; The things you got to go through to be a world champion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's really about sports performance and making sure that his body is able to express the highest athletic potential possible &gt;&gt; tonight. Uh right now we're boxing. Yep. Original classic reason why we're here type of boxing. Every day is a learning experience. So when he's in there, he's just focused, you know, and when I see him focused, every time I know that he has somebody, I always tell him, you already figured him out, you know? That's like letting him know, have fun &gt;&gt; from now on. Just have fun. &gt;&gt; Pacquiao jab. &gt;&gt; One, two. &gt;&gt; When it comes to it, like boxing is pretty much all mentality. It's all mental. Are you mentally prepared with the audience? Are you mentally going to be prepared with the certain punch selection? There's things that I also got to train as well. There's things that I have to maintain as well. Those are things that I have to work on within myself. It's a muscle and it's a muscle memory that you have to create now. If you don't create now, it can harm you the day of. &gt;&gt; I never understood it, man. No matter how much I I achieve that, he's just he's always got to he's always got whoever's in front. &gt;&gt; I beat Shakur and say he went up weight class. He wasn't in his weight. When I flatline him and they say, "Oh, he had the best defense." That's just how it's going to be. You got to be okay with it. I I ended up being okay with it. &gt;&gt; I'm going to show everyone that his defense is not as immacable like they say it is. That's my job. That's my job. My job is to show the true flaws that they can't see. That the world cannot see. My job is to show the world that can't nobody beat me. And I make it look pretty. &gt;&gt; You can do all this, all this, all this. &gt;&gt; Bro, you try to step this way. Go night. Going night night. &gt;&gt; What's going to happen then when I beat Shakur? What you all going to say then? You know what I mean? I believe in me. I believe in me before anybody else believed in me. Shakur is stepping up because he got nobody else to go after. He's stepping up to try to prove a point. You know, his big bro aka Terren Bud Crawford, you know, put a huge upset and made a historical moment in time. I think those things like that make Shakur want to step up the plate, step up to the challenge and face timo. Who is I? I mean, we were stable mates, me and Shakur, top rank. He talks about this and that and about I was jealous of him. No, I'm not. You were a 2016 USA silver medalist. You're going to get your signing bonus and all that extra stuff. Thing was, they were trying to secure him in a different route cuz they had put a lot of money in him. Me, I think I was just supposed to be a an opponent eventually. &gt;&gt; I'm possessively obsessed with this. That's why they call me crazy. It's all right. We got it all. It's not only mentality with us. We got style. We faster. I mean, everything. I mean, we entertaining there, man. You haven't seen a fighter like my son, I think, since Roy Jones Jr., you know, doing all those tricks and stuff, you know? You don't see none of those guys doing that stuff. &gt;&gt; They try to be like you and they can't be like you, bro. You got to be born with that gift. I see like a chess match first two rounds and then my son will figure him out, you know, and just destroy him, make him look stupid. That's what I see. &gt;&gt; You got to push yourself. How you stay how you remain on top. Got to push yourself. &gt;&gt; I think the fight fans and everyone around the world of boxing should tune in on this. Even if you're not just in combat alone, I think this is a great moment right now. The crowd's going to go bazooka. As far as Newark and New York and all that, I mean, you got East Coast. Everyone's going to be pulling up. I I want West Coast to come out here, too, man. You know, it's Brooklyn, man. Spread love. This is the Brooklyn way.