Kind: captions Language: en Ryan Garcia, rightly so, taking all the love from the crowd and he deserves it because that was a phenomenal performance, a career best performance. But the difference with that performance is that he goes home with that gold around his shoulder there, the WBC welterweight title. It's a career that finally can be crowned as he walks away. If there's an afterparty, I need to know where it is. It's going to be a good one tonight. Welcome to Beyond the Bell. Myself, Shakur Stevenson, who's been fantastic. This is his debut, by the way, with us in St. Fantastic. &gt;&gt; I just told him I was impressed. Score &gt;&gt; everything he I mean, I'll tell you what he told me going into the lift about this fight as well. He got it spot on. Sergio Mora with us as well. I believe Terrence Crawford is going to join us. Chris Manx is stick with us cuz we are going to try and do our best to wrap what we just saw. You told me as we were getting in the lift to go downstairs, you're like, "This could be a beatdown, a one-sided beatdown." And I looked at him like, "You're crazy." It was a one-sided beat down. Shak. &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. I thought Ryan did his thing tonight. Um, I don't know. Uh, was Vada involved in this fight? &gt;&gt; Is that how good he looked? Is that how good he &gt;&gt; At the end of the day? I seen him with Roelly. He didn't look like that. So, my question is, was V involved in the fight? &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's good to hear. &gt;&gt; That's very good to hear. &gt;&gt; If he's fighting me next, I'm all for the challenge, but V will be involved. if he is fighting you next and we are going to get to the highlights. Stick with us. &gt;&gt; You mentioned 144. Will you go to 147 for it or would it have to be somewhere in the middle? &gt;&gt; No, we're going to meet in the middle. &gt;&gt; Some big stars, big fight. We don't need a belt for the fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like how his face has just changed. The eyes have changed. He's already He's already on the mean marketing now. Let's talk about the performance. Sergio, I'll bring you in. You kind of knew the right was on the wall from the very first round. Soon as he landed that right hand, which I know Joe Genon said they've been practicing for. It didn't look like they've been practicing for it. It was oneway traffic since that right hand. &gt;&gt; Joe Gusen could tell you what they've been practicing, but they didn't practice defense because he wasn't dipping. He wasn't dodging. He expected that earmuff defense, that hands up defense to be enough. You got to make fighters like Garcia completely miss. They got to hit air. But if you're getting them shots like that to hit you around the guard, even if it's a half shot, when you're explosive, when you got power, when you're somebody like Ryan Garcia, you don't need to get a a clean shot. Just a temple shot like that, and your legs will betray you. The speed was too much for Mario Bario's. The speed, the jab, that left hand, and of course that right hand that Ryan Garcia all of a sudden from nowhere developed. [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a right hand that we haven't really seen in these last couple of fights. And I guess it's the right hand that maybe won him the fight. Free have become four in the studio. Terren Crawford has joined us as well. Terren, you were ringside watching that performance. Surprised by how good Ryan looked, surprised by how bad maybe Barios looked. What was your thoughts? &gt;&gt; I was actually surprised how uh Barios looked. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I thought he was going to do a little bit better, but Ryan showed that he can box a little bit and he got the job done in spectacular fashion. He did look spectacular as well. I mean, potentially it could be your man next [music] against Ryan Gar, which is what we want to see, right? Big fight after big fight. That's what you want to be in. That's what you were in as well, Terrence. How do you see removing your Shakur Stevenson? How do you see Shakur versus Ryan? &gt;&gt; I think he wiped the floor with him. You know, I don't think uh Ryan going to be able to hit Shakur like Barios. Barios was right there to be hit. Barios was too slow. [music] Barios didn't have no game plan. He followed them the whole fight. And Shakur is not going to be that fighter in there to be hit on. It's just simple. &gt;&gt; Sergio, let me bring you in. You you'll be maybe seeing it slightly different. I don't know. But that's the way you see it as well. That's the That's almost the super fight now. That's the big fight we want to see, right? Shako Stevenson versus &gt;&gt; a super fight because we know that this man [music] what he could do in many divisions and he can do on at 140. Ryan Garcia proved a lot of people wrong here, but there's levels to everything. And this guy's a master of range. He's a master of distance. And he's been doing it since the amateurs. He's been doing it in multi- divisions. So whenever you have that kind of greatness, and that is greatness, this is greatness. It's hard to doubt that. &gt;&gt; I kind of go down the row here. You know when you win your first world title? You guys will all remember when you won your first. So you guys have quite a lot. So you might have to dig back into that memory tank. Does it not give you an extra something? Will Ryan not approach his next fight with a bit more confidence because he is now a world champion? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's probably um going to feel a little bit more [music] confident now that he's champion, but um he's a little late to the party. So I don't think that uh the world title is going to make a difference with how he's feeling because he's late. [music] I I definitely think that he's going to have a lot of confidence, but at the same time, if he's growing up with a [music] fighter like Shakur, it's going to be different because they've been in the ring with each other many of times as kids, and he's going to have that edge mentally over Ryan, [music] even going in the ring, set aside his skill set. So, I just think [music] mentally, physically, and emotionally, Shakur is going to be here compared to Ryan. Not just because he's my brother, is because they've been in the ring with each other and he never defeated Shakur as an amateur. So, what makes him think you're going to defeat him as a professional? You know, you see a lot of fighters in the aftermath of fights call out other fighters and fighters will fight each other, right? I have no doubt about it. Sometimes though, it's the people behind them that don't want the fights. Do you think Henry Garcia and Oscar De La Hoya want this fight next? &gt;&gt; That's one thing you got to give credit to. Fighters like Devin Haney and fighters like uh Ryan Garcia and fighters like Shakur. They want the best. They want the best possible fights and they call out the fighters they want. So that's one thing we got to give Ryan Garcia. He will fight that man cuz he's crazy as a fox and he has guts. So we know that man will do it. Make it happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The question I'm asking though, will Henry Garcia and Oscar de la Hoya want the fight next? They want to see that world championship. Oscar always wants the best fights for Golden Boy. He's willing to, you know, put his fighters in losses as long as the crowd got what they want. So, I believe Oscar Henry, that's another that's another thing that is a father and a trainer, so he might want something different. &gt;&gt; Terren, you've now left us. We're not going to see you in the squared circle no more, but you've got so much knowledge to give to the sport. I mean, will we see you potentially in a corner? Will we see you do more of this? We know you like coming in doing some of this. What next for you? &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; Watching your sons wrestle. I &gt;&gt; I was just about to say I just put all my time in my kids right now. Right now, I really don't have the patience to be a full-time coach or anything like that, [music] you know? So, I help out as much as I can and give as much back as I can, but my [music] focus is on my kids right now. &gt;&gt; What's it like when you see people that you have helped out like Shakur Stevenson, Keshan fulfill that potential? Is it like a satisfaction that you see these guys in the gym, they listen to you, they learn from you, and now they're doing what you expected them to do. Oh, it's it's a great feeling because we all learn from each other. Not just me teaching them. I learn from them as well. Iron sharp and iron. You know, when I'm sparring, Shakur tell me, "Hey, you need to do this. You need to do that." Or I see him doing something or him Keshan, they do something, I be like, "Man, I'm I'mma use that." Or I forgot about something that I don't use no more and they do. And I'll be like, man, I got to get back to that, you know? So, it's not just me teaching them, it's them teaching me as well. [music] &gt;&gt; $100 million not coming back. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Come on, man. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go downstairs. Ringside. Mike's with Janelle Rodriguez. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Addie. That's right. We are here ringside. And all night long, we've been asking you guys to interact in the fan zone, interact with the polls, and I've got the results right here. So, when we talk about the fight of the night, here are the numbers. You know, Garcia Barios got 60% of the votes. But the other person that got some action was Martin and Alre. What do you think about that? &gt;&gt; The fight of the night. &gt;&gt; Yeah, fight of the night. &gt;&gt; I mean, Martin Albright was easily the fight of the night. I don't think there's any competition. So, the fans I love the fans, but the fans are wrong here. I'm sorry to say. You're definitely wrong, but it was definitely a little bit of action, you know. Yeah, &gt;&gt; a little bit of action. But fighter of the night, clean sweep with Garcia. &gt;&gt; Garcia got 90% of the votes and then Russell with the 5%. What did you think about that matchup? &gt;&gt; You know, I thought Andy Hro might have won that fight. That was a very close fight. So maybe Andy Hro should have got at least two and a half% if we're talking about that. &gt;&gt; Honestly, he he didn't even get any of the percentage here in the polls that they shared with me. &gt;&gt; American bias, you know, &gt;&gt; very biased. very biased with the polls out there. And lastly, who should Ryan fight next? 23% of you said Romero, 39 of you 39% said Haney, 33% Shakur, and 5% said Theopimo. &gt;&gt; Okay, this time the fans are dead on. The Deon Haney rematch is now one of the biggest fights in all of boxing. The first fight was excellent. There's all this bad blood. These guys genuinely hate each other. We need that rematch now. &gt;&gt; We need that rematch. We need Ryan to bring this same version of Ryan. I feel like that was very much a lot of the conversation of we weren't sure what version was going to come out, but he did remain very calm, cool, and collected this entire week. So, let's see what happens. I don't know if you have any other potential news that you can share with her or any other tea there that we should be sharing with the fans. Sources say that you may have [laughter] some information for us. &gt;&gt; Look, I mean, Ryan Garcia is going to be able to call his shots now, right? He's one of the biggest stars in boxing. Like you said, that was a great performance. That's what we wanted to see from Ryan Garcia, especially his first fight after that Roly Romero fight when he was really lethargic. But tonight, he was super sharp. He used the right hand, too. You know, wasn't just a left-handed fighter. So, I think we could see some big fights from Ryan. And I look for that Deon Haney fight or maybe Shakor Stevenson. You never know. &gt;&gt; You never know. We never know. But I'm really excited to see what the future holds. Back to you guys up there now. You know what the fans think and what Mike thinks and what I kind of think. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, we know what the fans think. There are some good options there as well. Janelle, thank you very much for what you've done tonight. Thank you as well to Mike Coach. Can we put Mike's like what next for Ryan Garcia up first? Let's welcome in Chris Manx as we do. So, this is who Mike said potentially he would like to see Ryan fight next. Deon Ay, Shaku, Stevenson, Conor Ben, big names and all big fights as well. Chris, let's get your reaction to it. Welcome Chris as well. Which one makes the most sense here, Chris? &gt;&gt; I I would put them in that order. Um, I think there's unfinished business between Ryan Garcia and Devon Haney based on what happened in 2024, but what Shakur did against Tapimo Lopez, just a one-sided whipping of a guy that was number one in 140 lb division that puts him in play for that fight. Absolutely. And if there's a deal to be made where there's a catchweight, Shakur mentioned 144 lbs. That is a monster fight in the in the welterweight division. &gt;&gt; All right, let's put Chris's Let's put yours in terms of your selection, Chris. This is what you said and this is the order of this is what you said. &gt;&gt; Just look, we had a fight in 2024. We didn't get the the outcome that we had hoped for. Ryan Garcia tested positive for a banned substance after the most impressive fight of his career. Both these guys are welterweights. Both these guys are welterweight champions. If I was playing matchmaker out there, I would love to see those two guys fight for the unified title at 147 lbs. I'd like to shore fight for a unified championship at 140 lbs. And then the next fight after that, I would love to Shakur face the winner of that fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, big fights to be made. Uh you can understand why everyone's saying the Deon Haney fight, right? There is unfinished business. There's a lot of bad blood between the two. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I understand it. I think it's a great fight to make, but um I'm in it for a big fight. So, I'm pushing myself and I think that me and Ryan will be an even bigger fight. Uh and I think it'll be a tremendous fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know what I like and I I agree with you, by the way. I feel like you put yourself in pole position and especially because Ryan called you out. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you asked him the question, who do you want next? And he looked around and he's like, him, Shakur Stevenson. And I feel like if you're calling Shakur out and not Deon and not Connor, I almost feel like you're making the fight yourself. And he's making the fight with you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he want to fight me and I want to fight him. So, um, it should be easy to get done. Like I said, all I ask is to make sure that he's on VA and everything is good and there's no cheating involved and I'm going to make easy work out of them. &gt;&gt; Ah, I love it. I love We're already starting the set of a second fight. It's fantastic, Chris. Before we throw to what we've got coming up tomorrow, um that was an incredible performance from Ryan Garcia. We said he needed that performance and I think we said not just to win the world title, but to put in a performance where we get excited about a Shakur Stevenson fight. That was as good as Shakur's performance I fought against Tafima Lopez. &gt;&gt; I mean, well, Shakur's performance against Tfima was outstanding start to finish. Like that was as as masterful a boxing class as I've seen in recent years. This was a very different type of performance. This was a performance that Ryan Garcia needed to get his name back into the mix for these highlevel fights. He knew it really was do or die for him out there. If he had performed poorly against Mario Barios, where would Ryan Garcia be at this point? He would be fighting maybe on the YouTube circuit, the misfit boxing circuit, he would be a B-side in a lot of these fights. That win puts him right back in the mix and creates so many great options. I wouldn't look if they don't make a Deon Haney fight and they want to do Shakur, I love that fight. tremendous class of styles, the best boxer, pure boxer in the world today against a guy that is just unpredictable with that kind of power which clearly exists in both hands. That was the most impressive thing for me with Ryan Garcia. We've seen that left hook over and over and over again to see him from the first minute of the opening round throw right hands with the kind of power he had behind him. I was really impressed by that. &gt;&gt; So, so when y'all do the rankings, where would y'all put him now? &gt;&gt; Ryan Garcia, the pound-for-pound rankings. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. The 147 lb rankings. Well, to be clear, I don't do those rankings. I'm not ring. &gt;&gt; Oh, now you don't do how high up would you put him? &gt;&gt; That's a good question. How high up would you put him? &gt;&gt; Uh, you know, that's one win at welterweight and it's against a guy who was widely considered the &gt;&gt; worst of the welterweight champions. He's in the top 10. Back end of the top 10, but that's about it. &gt;&gt; But will Roelly be ahead of him? &gt;&gt; Roelly beat him. Has to be ahead of him. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm just checking. &gt;&gt; Okay, so would you go and let's kind of play this game. Would you would you go Devin? Would you go Rolley? Would you go Lewis Crocker? Then Ryan? I think Devin is clearly the class of 147 right now after that performance against Brian Norman. I wouldn't drop Brian Norman too far in that rankings based on one loss. He's been a career-long welterweight and has some good wins of his own, but look, you got to put the champions pretty high up there. Lewis Crocker had a pretty good win uh that last time out. Roelly top five because of what he did to Ryan Garcia. Yeah, the look, it's a super competitive 147 pound division, but look, Ryan now is one and one as a welterweight. You got to keep him. He's in the top 10, but he's in the back end of the top 10 right now. Okay, we put you on the spot. Well done. Well done. No panicking from Chris Manx whatsoever. Okay, that was a good fight, wasn't it? We got some good fights coming up tomorrow as well. Obviously, the main event, fingers crossed, by the way. Clarissa Shields versus Franjon Cruz Dern. Chris Algeria is alongside Cory Erdman to build up to that one. &gt;&gt; Cory Erdman and Chris Alieri here in Detroit, Michigan. And we are just a day away from the undisputed women's heavyweight title bout. The quote Clarissa Shields taking on Franch Cruz Desern. And Chris, this is a fight that was already chock full of storylines. These are two women with a storied past both inside and outside of the ring. But speaking of outside of the ring, there were new added elements that came out in the weigh-in today. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like you said, I mean, their history together made this fight very enticing for me. You know, their first fight, I remember vividly turning it on being like, whoa, look at this is the highlevel amateurs fighting each other in their produce. That never happens. Um, and the fight was very entertaining. We were going to stretch that from four rounds to 10 rounds. Cool. We're going to get all this action. But then we got the melee that happened at the press conference and the weigh-in today. And it shows you that Franco is here to win. She's not just here to take another loss. I like where this fight's headed. I mean, I think it's going to be a really entertaining scrap. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And one of the questions for me coming into this fight was about that familiarity that Franch knows Clarissa better than any fighter in the game. They have primarily been one another's sparring partners because who would be better in this weight neighborhood than to prepare one another? And that was intriguing for me. But you and I were talking earlier and you said it best. I think that familiarity in this case it has bred contempt. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And and that's a pitfall, right? Is when you're with a smart partner, you get that smart partner mentality. Franch showed today that that's not the case. She is not she's leaving the friendship at the door, which boxers are so good at doing. You leave it at the door in the gym. You leave it at the door on fight night. Um, so I expect these women to come out there and both looking to go for the win. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's uh that friendship is out the door and what's left is two extremely highlevel fighters. It's the Guote versus Franch Cruz Dern herself probably headed to the Hall of Fame as well. This is as high level as it gets in the women's heavyweight division and it's coming your way tomorrow night live here on Done. &gt;&gt; Should be. [cheering] Look at that. Few bottles of champagne in there. It's like it's like the NBA finals. They got the goggles on the champagne and look understandably it should be flown as well. It is a it's a big win this for Ryan Garcia. I feel like it was a mental hurdle to get over to become a world champ and he's now done that and I feel like these celebrations are going to go on and on and on. All right, we've got loads coming up for you this week on the zone. Let's have a look at the schedule. It's a busy one. Obviously, we just did the preview for Shields versus Cruz Desern 2. That one tomorrow from Detroit. We got Quinn versus Dodd on Friday. And then we go to Derby. I'm going here for this one. Cooper [music] versus Ersu. That's next Saturday. And this one, the battle of Mexico. Nunez versus Navarati. That one next [music] Saturday as well. All of that part of your Don subscription. Right. I don't really like saying goodbyes to anyone from the Done family because we are one family, but we have to say goodbye to one man. It's been at the zone for over 13 years. That man is David Reese who's been head of broadcast putting on all these shows all over the world. An integral part of what we did in Saudi Arabia and starting the big shows over there, over in London, here in America, all over the world. And after 13 years, he's decided to pack his bags and try something new. And he's going to be solely missed. So, uh, for everyone, I guess from all of us that have worked with him for such a long time, Dave, thank you so much for everything you've done over the last 13 years. We hope you come back, but we do wish you the very best and everything you are going to do in the next step of your career. Uh, Shakur, you've enjoyed it up here, haven't you? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. I had a good time with y'all, and I appreciate y'all. And this was amazing for me. &gt;&gt; It was amazing. I mean, I like you being here. I like you even better in there. So, hopefully the next time we see you isn't there. &gt;&gt; You've seen Jakor's eyes, too, watching every round of that fight. I kept glancing over you a little bit. You're just downloading information on every single punch that Ryan Garcia was throwing that night. &gt;&gt; I seen something. I seen something for sure. &gt;&gt; Just like you saw someone with TIMO, you said you you wouldn't tell us then. You're probably not going to tell us now. So &gt;&gt; I can't tell y'all. &gt;&gt; Score cards are on point, too. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Scorecards are on point. &gt;&gt; You got his scorecards on point. &gt;&gt; I thought the Gary Russell fight was closer than wrong. Me and the judges was the only people that was right. &gt;&gt; Even the judges got it right. But uh A you agree Hoka need &gt;&gt; I thought Heroka maybe deserved a bit more love. &gt;&gt; Same here. &gt;&gt; I think for you to travel all the way you traveled and you know only been here for like 48 hours, I think you deserved a few more rounds. I thought he landed body shots, but he got hit with a lot of clean head shots. &gt;&gt; Okay, Shakur wants to do overtime here. I can tell he wants to do overtime. Everyone, thank you very much. Chris Manx, thank you. Sergio, thank you. All of our team as well, thank you very, very much. Ryan Garcia, world champion. This is Sin City. This is where you, you know, you gamble, you throw your chips in. He went all in and his numbers came up. Ryan Garcia, the new WBC welterweight champion. And who knows, maybe we see him against this guy next. Thank you. Enjoy tomorrow. If it's only for tonight, call me baby if it's only for tonight. Call me if it's only for tonight. [music] Your hands on my body cuz my body is what you like. I'm down if you're down to get it now. Call me baby if it's only for tonight. It's only for tonight. [music] Baby, if it's only for tonight.