Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? So we got a question from Pedro who sends me a message, "Hey Chewy, I'm looking for some advice. What would you give a higher priority to as complimentary to BJJ? Running or lifting? If I had to focus on one, which one would I choose to complement my my jiu-jitsu?" So Pedro, thanks for the question, brother. So I you know, this could be dependent on people, right? Some people maybe would benefit more from running, but personally for me hands down lifting. Why? Well, because there's going to be And again, it depends on how you lift, by the way. If you're lifting like a crazy man and doing maximum like weight and stuff like that, then maybe not so much, but for me lifting does a few things. One, it helps prevent injury. Helps keep my body strong, right? I have met lots of people in jiu-jitsu who have bodies that are just completely destroyed. I've also met a lot of older guys in grappling that have been doing it for 20 30 years and they're damn and they're healthy. They're in damn good shape. And the thing that I can say about all the people that are doing well as they get older, they all lift weights. They all strength train in some way. And so for me, that's just a good sign. Maybe not you know, correlation is not causation, but if everybody's doing it, it's probably a good sign to follow, right? And so you get that injury prevention. And I would tell you that I think for me I'm been I haven't been injured that much in jiu-jitsu and I think a big reason is because of lifting weights. You also get the strength benefit because again, rolling with someone in jiu-jitsu, if you don't think strength matters, you're you're kidding yourself, right? It's a myth in jiu-jitsu that strength and size doesn't matter. Of course it does. That's why we have weight classes. And if you've ever rolled with a really strong person who's much bigger than you, you find out real freaking quick that it matters, right? So having a little bit of strength is helpful for performance, right? Um and again, there are other benefits to it like, you know, looking a little bit better, muscular endurance, all that stuff, but again, those are two biggies. Injury prevention and having a little strength. Those are benefits. Running, you get the cardio benefit. And if you really need that, that's great. But for me, the way that I think about it is unless I'm getting ready for a competition and I need that extra boost if I'm really just like huffing and puffing, I can typically just work harder during my during my rounds. And it's not to say that there's anything wrong with doing a little cardio cuz I when I'm getting ready for a competition, I will do extra cardio. But when I'm thinking about just training on average, jiu-jitsu is cardiovascular exercise, right? Like when you're getting in there, your heart rate's getting up to, you know, really high and you're moving around, you're scrambling around. All that stuff's happening already. So if I said I could only do one, I'm probably not going to stack more cardio on top of it. I'm going to say, "You know what? I want to get the other side of the things. I want to strengthen my muscles, strengthen my joints, do all of those things and then have the cardio as- aspect of it be my jiu-jitsu. And if I have to, I'll just roll a little harder, right? I'll just train a little harder, push myself a little bit more in training to get that boost of cardio that I might want. Um you know, and again, if I'm getting ready for a competition and I need more cardio, I need to push a little bit more, then I might go run or do some bike, right? And but otherwise, I don't really mess with it too much. Um and so yeah, that would be my advice to you, bro. If you had to do one or the other, running or lifting, I would say lifting first over running for jiu-jitsu as a complimentary exercise. That's been my personal bearded experience. And I'm sure some people are going to go, "No, Chewy, you got it all wrong. Running this Do what you want to do, man. I'm going to do what I'm I'm going to do. I've been doing it for 20 plus years. My body's healthy. My body's strong. I don't feel broken down like a lot of people do. And so again, I got lucky, I'm sure, but then the other thing, there's also the fact that I've always lifted throughout that. And so again, that's important for me cuz if I can train consistently cuz I'm not injured, and if lifting's supporting that, that's going to allow me to train jiu-jitsu more consistently, which is going to make me better for the long term. So anyway, that's the idea for you. Hopefully it helps you, Pedro. Talk to you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]