Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today's video is going to show you some reasons as to why your takedowns in jiu-jitsu might suck. I'm going to give you some examples in both no and the ghee. And we will go through a bunch of different reasons as to why your takedowns may not be so good. And we're going to identify the problems and then also give you some ideas on how to fix it. This is my lovely assistant, Mr. Marvin, here. Let's get into it. Number one, you don't use your head correctly. So, this is one that I see a lot of times and you watch any jiu-jitsu guy do a takedown who's relatively inexperienced and you just, you know, it looks bad and this is one of the reasons why you'll see a lot of jiu-jitsu guys do this. They come in and their head's way down. We do not want to see anyone, we don't want anyone to see the back of our neck. And so, we do that by keeping our head up. So, anytime you're pushing into the person, let's say we're picking up a a single leg here or shooting a double or whatever it is, we're pushing from our temple across our forehead to other temple. So, you're pushing right about here. So, anytime we're pushing here with my head, I'm pushing here. I'm going in, shooting a double, coming up. It's always about this. Now, what does this do? This keeps him from seeing the back of my neck. opposed to if I'm going in like this. This is just guillotine city right here. Or I'm going to get my takedown stuffed, right? Also, think about being in an athletic position. If you were getting ready to do a squat or something like that, you're not going to have your head tucked down like this, are you? Okay, we want to keep our spine in a better position. And so, especially like when we're in these positions where I've shot in to grab the legs and I got to get up. If my head's down like this, this is not a good position. Besides even besides him even defending just me trying to stand up against his weight, this is going to be tough opposed to if my chest is up, my head is up, I'm in a stronger position to use my leg and my drive because my spine's in alignment, right? The other one that you'll see a lot of times, and this is common in like lower levels of wrestling, too, is guys just sort of not using their head at all. Right? They in no ghee, they may be ear to ear. In the ghee, they may don't use it at all. We want to use our head. So by this I mean we're head to head. So if in noi I'm collar tying working inside ties I'm head to head or I could even be head inside the neck head to the collar bone. This may seem like a subtle difference between ear to ear but to the side but it's huge because think about this. As soon as I put my head on the side of my on his neck, I'm now in a situation where I'm on the side of his body. And anytime we're trying to initiate an entry to an attack, it's always tougher for the person to defend coming from the side. This is true for combat sports in general. Whether it's me picking up a leg or in boxing, I'm slipping coming off to the side. I'm at an angle. So from here, we're headtohead here working pushing in. This is our first point of contact. And if for some reason I do start to veer off to the side, I want to get my head into his collarbone, into the side of his neck, which allows me to get angles on him. And so, make sure we're using our head. All right, guys. Number two, going back to, you know, the ugly jiu-jitsu guy takedown double leg and, you know, athletic stances. We know that this is bad, right? So if we get the person to use his head, does this make it any better? Instinctively, you know that this is not right. Right? So another thing that people do and they don't think about is that they don't keep they're not mindful of where their shoulders and their chest are positioned. Right? So if you think about what's happening right now is if my weight's this far forward, and this could happen for a number of reasons. One, if I go in for that ugly take down like this, that's obviously an issue. Or sometimes if I shoot in and I get really far out like this, I'm now in a situation where notice how far over my knee um or past my chest and shoulders are. This is where yeah, you maybe got a good grip on the leg, but this person's easily going to be able to sprawl out and kick you down because you're off balance, right? Think about if we were squatting weight again. And I say squatting weight because when you're standing up, you're essentially bearing the person's weight. Like if you've ever done a front squat or even a a zer squat, you're essentially going to be doing that because that weight's going to be in front of you here and you're having to stand up. Well, if we were trying to do one of those exercises and my body's tipped over, good luck lifting anything serious, right? So, with that said, what we want to think about is um stand square for me just for illustrative purposes, right? They're not going to stand square unless they're not very good at jiu-jitsu uh or grappling. When we step in, let's say for a double leg, I get in. I want to make sure that when I start to get in here, I want to keep my knee, hip, and shoulders in alignment with each other. If for some reason I get a little far out, I want to slide up and get this position back underneath me. Why is this important? Well, again, if we think about this now, when I begin to stand up to get the finish of this takedown, I can get up easy. I have strength. My spine's in a good alignment. I'm able to use my head, and I'm not getting sprawled on. Also, if the person starts to sprawl on me when I'm in this upright position going sprawl, I can start to work my way up opposed to if I'm out like this. If he starts to sprawl, I have no ability to really stop it. He's going to kick his leg out. So, when you're shooting in for your takedowns, be mindful of that position. Also too, if you get snapped down a lot, this a lot of times happens where guys will start leaning really far forward over top of their feet and the person snaps them down to the ground. Whereas if my weight is nice and level here, shoulders, knees, heels, if he starts snap me down, I've got a good position. So be mindful of where your shoulder position is, whether you're shooting or when you're just in your stance. Next up is not staying in your stance. So, this is really important, especially in no gi. It's a little bit easier in the ghee because you can like grab onto the handles and it's a little tougher, but in no it's going to be a lot more important because it's more akin to wrestling. There are no grips to grab onto. So, the person can shoot uh more easily. And so, again, when that happens, you know, the person that is in a good stance, if they're low, is going to have the advantage of getting on the legs. And what you'll see a lot of times is people that maybe they know they should be in their stance, they'll start by getting down low and then after maybe a couple minutes, they start to get lazy and then they start standing straight up, which sometimes can be permissible if you know this other person. Like if I look at Marvin, he's standing straight up. Well, I probably don't need to worry about him trying to shoot in on me. But if Marvin is leaning forward with his weight over top of his front foot, now I got to be more concerned, right? Because he's in a stance to where he might drive in for the leg. And if I'm just lumbering around here like Frankenstein, I'm going to get taken off my damn feet. And so again, when you talk to good wrestlers, right, a lot of times people can get sort of ooed and odded by the social media mess of like cool takedowns and really flashy stuff. Talk to a lot of good wrestlers and it like comes back down to like basic fundamentals like hand fighting and hands, head, and stance, right? Where is your body at in position? We're here opposed to wandering around like Frankenstein and then wondering why we keep getting taken down. So again, stance is really important, especially in NOGI when you have the person trying to shoot in on you and that person's in a lower stance to where they can take advantage of your bad posture. [music] Next one, you don't get back up to your feet quick enough. So years ago, one of my buddies, man, he had such a fast initial shot, right? He'd be here, whatever. Boom, boom, boom. He'd be off and he'd have that really quick shot into position. I know that's not that quick. I'm not really that fast, but he'd have that quick shot, right? But he would then stay on the ground and he didn't get up to his feet quick enough and then the person would sprawl and counter, right? Understand that even if you shoot in on the legs low, you're not trying to stay down there most of the time. Sure, you can. And there are some ways to finish it, right? I can pivot or inside trips and things like that. But in most cases, if we shoot in on the legs here, then my next goal is to get a hold of it and then get up to my feet and I finish on the feet, right? I get up and just run this person down, right? So, if I'm getting here, boom. I step on the outside, I get this single here, I'm picking that single up, boom, we're we're getting up there to finish. We're not sitting down on the ground. If I get to that double, we're getting up to finish. So, make sure that when you're going for your takedowns, if you drop a level, you do a penetration step. You get a hold of those knees in whatever way you're doing it. Make sure you train yourself to immediately get back up. And in some cases, even if we're not able to finish that double, we can still drive and work up into things like body locks and rear body locks to get control their body. So, we can get up to the feet and finish from there. Another simple one, but super important. You don't focus on your grips. So, as an example, let's say that I want to go for a arm drag to inside trip. One of my favorite takedowns, right? Well, then I know that one of the grips that I need is this grip here on the wrist. And typically, I will either post here, here, or here. So, I know I have a couple options there, but I have to have this wrist control because I've got to drag to the side, right? So, with that, when I'm fighting this guy and I'm going and I'm locking in, everything is about trying to get to here so I can arm drag. Okay? If I was going for a sweep single here, right, I might work on trying to get this inside tie and wrist control so I can step and go, right? Or a number of different things, right? But you want to have your takedown in mind and then you're trying to set up the conditions for that particular takedown with the grips. So when you're gripping, it's not sort of haphazard. You're not just gripping to sort of grip for no reason. You're gripping for something very specific. Same thing happens in the the jacket, the ghee, right? Like if I know that I have a particular takedown that utilizes this cross collar here, right? Well, then everything's about getting to that cross collar. So, we might be battling grips here. I'm breaking here, pulling this grip off, but everything is about getting to that, right? So, when you're on the feet and the take doing takedowns, you want to have an idea of what takedown you're after, at least some ballpark of what you're after. And then when you're battling for the grips, ghee or no ghee, does not matter. The principle is the same. you fight for the specific groups that you need to make that takedown happen, not just sort of grabbing stuff for no reason. And I see a lot of newer people in jiu-jitsu, they make that mistake. They kind of have an idea of the takedown they want, but then when they get to the hand fighting part, they just sort of go blank and they just scramble around and they sort of haphazardly grab stuff with your hands. Be specific and precise with your grips. Next tip is that people don't have setups for their takedowns, right? So, they understand how to do a basic double. They understand how to do a basic single leg or whatever that is, but then they don't have some setup for it, right? Um, some basic setups just as an example, right? I can use this arm drag here to get this person to step that then allows me to get in for the double or shoot the inside trip. I can get this person moving and stepping onto their foot by using simple pulls like we can push pull. Boom. There it is. Right. I can step up for the single. Maybe I am see this person leaning kind of over their feet. I can snap down into a front headlock and then push, step into the person and either get a double or even a body lock, whatever it is. But you have to have a setup to then get into it. Right? We hand fight, we grip fight, we get our setup, we go for the takedown. If you don't have that, and here's a sign that you don't have that, you'll do this thing where basically you're kind of like, "All right, okay." And then you just shoot from really far out and the person literally it's like a bull charging in. They just sort of step to the side, right? We don't want to do that. That's not how you want to do your takedowns. You want to be able to get in here and get control, fight hands, fight body positioning, and have a clear setup. Boom. To get in to your takedown, whatever it might be. And again, if you watch someone teach a takedown, in a lot of cases, they will have a setup in the beginning, the grip fighting part where they're moving into it. And that's the part you should be really really focused on because if you get good at using the setup to get in on the leg, the finish becomes a little bit easier because you can reliably get there, right? It's like going for an arm bar with no grips on the arm or anything else. Not going to work. Likewise, you shooting out from really far out, unless you're a damn good wrestler who knows how to do it is not going to be good. Otherwise, we need you to be about a bent arms reach away. And the only way we're going to be able to shoot from in here or go in for body locks or whatever taked down it is that we're going for is to know how to do good hand fighting and good setups. So again, invest some time in focusing on your setup. Guys, a useful tip for ghee and no ghee, but especially the ghee, is you have to learn how to disguise your grips. I've done a video on this before where I call it sort of going under the radar, so to speak. So basically, let's say as an example, maybe I want a cross collar here on Marvin, right? Well, if I go for the cross collar right out of the gate, he he can intercept the hand, right? Very common. If you watch in like in the ghee, a lot of times people stand like this for that reason to keep people out of the collar, right? Well, then what what I can do is I can start by reaching out with my left. Boom. Here. So this way his hands are beginning to focus there to shoot into the cross collar, right? Or in some cases, I'll even give them like I'll get like I get a straight grip here and let's say if I want to wrist control, I'll even give my wrist out here so they grab it just so I can get over top. Right? Or another one is that and there's a in a lot of my matches I like going uh left collar, right wrist setup single legs, right? So then what I'll do a lot of times is I'll I'll take my hand and I'll swipe out and their hand goes to fight that bang here and then now they go to focus on this and I go to the wrist. Right? So you can think about that. You can do the same thing in no gi as well. You can go for a grip that you don't actually want so that you take their attention elsewhere and then actually go for the grip that you want. And again, this takes maybe a little bit of higher level thinking, but you want to think about that, right? Because if you get known for doing a particular move or whatever it is, you have to disguise the grips that you use for that move. That's how you take a a move that everybody knows you're going to do and you keep using it on them anyway, you change the grips slightly because what happens a lot of times is people sort of develop this six sense, right? Oh man, every time Chewy grabs, he's always going for the cross collar, right? So, we got to get them off the scent. We got to take him somewhere else. And so you can do this by setting up other grips very aggressively, which makes them focus on this, which then allows you to go for the grip that you actually want, ghee or noi. Another useful idea in the grip battle, ghee or noi, is that you you don't clear the grips enough, and that can be a reason why your takedowns aren't so good. Because what a lot of time a lot of times happens is people will lock up and they'll get into these engagements and they just sort of stay here. But again, as we said earlier in the video, if we're going to grab something, we need to have a purpose for why we're grabbing it, right? We're not grabbing just to grab stuff. We're very focused on what we're trying to set up. And so, if you're in a situation where either this person's maybe beating you by getting inside ties on you, where now he's in control, his hands are on the inside, he has my wrist control. I've got to get out of this, right? Or even, let's say, if he's got two double inside ties right here. This isn't good for me, right? If I get into a situation where I don't like that, then I need to clear the grips. I need to break away. Right? Different ways we can do that. If he's like double inside ties here, I can use a simple snap just to clear the grips, right? No big deal. Just snap him down. Now we're back to we press the reset button. Now let me again move in with purpose for the grips that I want. Right? If he's got a good collar tie and wrist control here, I can start to use this overtie, break the wrist control, snap this off, get away. Right. in the ghee. It's the same thing where we can um use this here where let's say that man Marvin's just killing me with these damn grips, right? Well, let's say if he gets the grips on me here. Boom. Okay. Well, then boom, I got to get here, break the grip off or grabs the collar grip. Boom. Breaking the grip off, getting away, resetting, and then coming back in. So again, don't be afraid to clear the grips multiple times over and over again to make sure that this way you can press that reset button and then move back in with purpose to get the grips that you want to set up the takedowns you want. Moving into the next tip, it kind of builds off of that. One of the reasons why your takedowns may not be so hot is that you were impatient. So this happens a lot with people early on. Anytime people are inexperienced with something, they become impatient, right? Think about if you are doing jiu-jitsu. At some point you were on the bottom of mount. Maybe that's you right now. But at some point you you're getting to the bottom of mount and you would panic and freak out and just do stupid stuff and then you got better at it or you will get better at it. And then you become more relaxed. Like someone gets me to the bottom of the mount. It's very um there's like a system to it. It's it's a very it's like another day at the office. We'll say it that way. Where they get there I'm like okay I need to get my frame set up. Not a big deal. There's pressure on me. So what? But in the beginning, it was a panic mode. And a lot of people who haven't been accustomed to playing off the feet and fighting for hand positioning and everything else. A lot of times on the feet, it's kind of spazzy. It's kind of wild. A lot of times they're doing stuff here. They're like constantly moving. They'll shoot from really bad angles. Some of you guys watching this, the guy in the camera's kind of grinning a little bit cuz he he sees it. You see the new guy like like just all over the place. You got to learn to relax, man. So, you got to get in there and you got to move here. And again, we're moving with purpose here. And we're waiting until we see the opportunity to go for what we want. Okay? We don't want to shoot from really crappy positions. We don't want to shoot from far away. We want to fight for the hand grips. We want to make the openings happen. And then we go for it when we see it. Think about for a second a guy that's playing off of his back inside guard. We don't think that that person on the bottom of guard has to have any sort of like there's there's not like a a shot clock going, right? Oh, he's got to hurry this up, right? We understand it's going to take time to set these sweeps and submissions up, right? If you watch two good wrestlers going at it or two good judoka going at it, right? It takes time to set things up. And so, one of the things that you want to do is you want to be very patient when you're setting up your takedowns and give it a little time and don't be so fast to like pull the the the trigger on the technique. Give it time. It might take a couple minutes to even make a good attempt, but if that's what it takes to get the setup that you want, that's what you want. You don't want to be shooting sloppy takedowns or takedowns from far out. You want to be patient with them. Another reason your takedowns may not be so hot is that you don't read the person's body. So, when my person like when my opponent's standing across from me, let's say it's at a match, right? Instantly, I'm looking at what I've got. Okay? I'm going to read their stance. Are they standing upright? Are they standing a little bit more low? If they're a little bit lower, that means they might shoot on me. If they're staying upright, maybe not as much worry. Also too, I'll read the legs, right? Because the legs will determine for me with the game that I have. If I'm thinking about going for a single or a double or a inside trip or whatever foot sweep, whatever it is, I'll look at the feet. And for instance, like right now, Marvin's leading with his left leg, which mirrors mine. So for me, I'm thinking boom, single leg all day, right? So for me, I'm going to lock up here, right? And I'm going to start to move this person to where I can try to get that lead foot to step further. And then boom, there's my single leg, right? However, maybe I'm watching Marvin move and I notice that every time I like push into him, he starts to walk backwards a little bit. I'm like, "Oh, he's walking on his heels, right?" Well, then that tells me this is double leg city because as soon as he starts to sit back on his heels, boom, there's that double all day, right? So, again, when you find a a handful of takedowns that start to be your best or even a good one, right? You want to start to read the person's body and those can give you some ideas as to what could work pretty easy. Now, you still may use the same takedown no matter what. You might have good setups to make that same takedown happen over and over again, but what I'm saying here is an example. Switch your feet for me. Let's say I'm thinking take single leg with my right leg, right? Well, if I can't get this damn guy to step forward with that leg, it's going to be hard to get that single leg, right? It's probably going to be easier to set up some sort of double leg off on this leg or I'm going to have to switch my stance, right? Or there's other takedowns that I could use like inside trips. Now, you may not use those same takedowns, but that's an idea for you. You're reading the person's body to see what they're giving you. And a lot of times, you can usually work with that. There was a match I had recently where as soon as I locked up with a guy, I noticed his left leg was forward and I'm thinking single leg all day. That's what I'm focused on the whole time. And you can think about it, you know, on the ground. If you're sitting in guard and some person's reaching out with their arm, what are you thinking? Arm bar all day because it's there. Uh, or if the person's constantly reaching back, what are you thinking? triangle because it's going to leave the arm exposed. You want to do the same thing with your takedowns. And guys, the last reason and probably one of the most important reasons as to why your takedowns don't suck or why your takedowns do suck rather, sorry, is that you don't train them. You never go live with them. You never drill them. You don't do anything with them. And yet, you want to have good takedowns. Again, you can you can drill takedowns in a way that's not too damaging to the body. You can do them live with a good training partner who's controlled and you guys can move around. You can do a lot of positional work from those takedowns, right? Like so instead of just hammering each other, you could start by saying, "Hey, let's start from the single leg right here. We're going to begin reps here. If I get the taked down and the finish, reset. If he escapes, reset." Or you could even do drills where again the person's giving you a look and you're just moving the person around. Bang. And they're going to give me a look here. He's fighting with me right here. He's not going to stop me. But as soon as I see a take, I can go in for something, right? There's all kinds of cool stuff you can do, but you have to do something with it, right? If you find a takedown you like, you're in the gym during an open mat, you need to work with them, right? There's no way around it. You don't have to drill them. I like drilling takedowns. I feel like I get some value out of that. Um, not all techniques I like drilling, but with takedowns, I like having an opponent give me a look and then they're giving me some different responses and I'm shooting in on them or going for a body locks, whatever it is. and then doing live work, situational live work with those positions over and over again to get some time in position. Super important. That's how you develop that that intuition in your body to know when to go for things, the timing you're going to need, and even to develop that sense of calm that you're going to need to set up your takedowns in in a very patient and effective manner. And so, again, in your gym, if you want to get better with takedowns, you have to do something with them during open mats, during full rolling, whatever you can squeeze in. And so guys, those are a bunch of different ways or reasons as to why your takedowns may not be so good and some ideas on how to correct them. Hopefully this helps you guys out and I appreciate you guys for watching. Talk to you guys next time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]