Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, the Jiu-Jitsu Open is coming back in 2026. I wanted to give you guys a list of our full schedule. You can also check it out at jiu-jitsu.com. And then I wanted to give you guys an update on all the new changes that we're going to be making so you can just be in the loop. We're going to be running our very first competition in Huntsville, Alabama. That's the first time there. That's going to be May 16th, 2026. Should be a lot of fun. excited to see how Alabama treats us and how they uh how they enjoy the type of competition that we do where you're getting lots of matches and uh you know, you get a chance to just do jiu-jitsu rather than worrying about some complicated rule system. You get just just go out there and attack people with your jiu-jitsu and see how it goes. We'll be doing the seminar 17th. So, if you guys aren't familiar at a jiu-jitsu open competition or we do the competition on Saturday, on Sunday we do the seminar from there. We'll be in Branson, Missouri on July 20 uh 25th, 2026. Again, Branson, Missouri was one of our biggest competitions the last 2 years. And so, you guys have been good to us there. We're going to come back and hopefully see there. That's a fun place. [music] We have a battles uh we have the Battle of Boots and Badges, which is going to be a charity event that we're doing. That's going to be in Ohio. Frankenmouth, Michigan. We're going to be there again November 7th. That was our biggest competition the last two years. Never expected that one. It was absolutely massive last year. You guys showed up in a big way. It's a lot of fun. Huge competition. So much fun. And I appreciate you guys for supporting us. And many of you guys who came last year said, "Man, this is like yearly. We look forward to this competition in particular because it's so much fun. November 14th, we're going to be back in Gatlinburg, Tennessee. Again, that was another fun one. Right on par with uh Branson. Lots of good energy, lots of competitors, and it's a great time. And so, I also wanted to give you guys a heads up on some of the changes that we're making. And so, first off, we're going to be doing some new things. First, we're going to be uh introducing a Masters 3 division, which is going to be 45 and up. So, we have multiple Masters divisions now. And that's because we're starting to get more masters competitors at our competitions and we want to give you guys some space to compete. [music] Again, if you're a master's competitor or even if you're a lady, I know sometimes the it can be slim pickings at competitions. I would encourage you guys to sign up early. So this way it kind of lets people know like, hey, there's there's more people like us join in because what happens is I've had this so many times at one of my comp one of the competitions someone was like, I was going to do it, but I didn't see anybody sign up, right? Right? And they were talking about this was a masters competitor. And then I talked to another guy who was similar weight as this guy, similar experience. He said the same thing. I'm like, if you guys would have signed up, we could have made a division out of this thing. And so again, sign up early and let people know. So this way when they go and look on the website, they'll be able to see, oh, there's some people that are going to be in my division. I can get out and compete. We're also going to have new championship belts. So every year we do these really cool championship belts for people to win. We're going to have a [music] new set of designs out there. They're really slick. Definitely is going to look good on your gym wall or at home. And last, new youth banners for the team. So, in the last couple years, we've only done the collective like team troph or team trophies, team winners, where, you know, we get the team banner first, second, and third place. But sometimes you'll have these teams where you have one team that has an amazing, massive, strong kids divisions uh team, but they don't have as many adults. We want to reward you guys for your hard work about getting these young guys and [music] gals uh prepared for these competitions and bringing them out to compete and doing so well. And so we're going to have both a youth team [music] um winner. So we'll have like first, second, and third for the youth teams. And then we'll have first, second, and third for the adult teams. That should be something for you guys. If you have those strong kids teams, if you guys want to get a little bit of recognition on that, that'll be there for you, too. Anyway, guys, I'm looking forward to this year. The last two years with the Jiu-Jitsu Open has been amazing. It's grown. A lot of you guys have really come to like the competitions. We have people coming from lots of different places to compete. Many of you said, again, [music] I'm just saying this cuz I'm excited about it. you've really enjoyed the the format of the competition. If you guys want to get any more information, again, go to our website. But otherwise, guys, hopefully see you at some of the competitions coming up this year in 2026. and uh talk to you soon.