Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today's video is going to be for one of my white belts. I'm going to show uh five triangle choke setups from Full Guard for people that are long and lanky that are white belts that want to get into uh triangle chokes and use them in the gym. I'm going to show them mostly from the idea of ghee, but at the same time, these are all or most of them are pretty easy to transfer to no ghee as well. So, let's get into it. And guys, as always, this is my lovely assistant, Marvin. Mr. Marvin King lefty young guy on the internet. All right, so from here we're going to set up some triangle uh setups, right? So there's lots of different ways to do it. I'm going to show you some of the the ones that I like showing to, you know, the white belts in the beginning to give them something to work with, right? So first one's going to be a scissor sweep setup. So we do cross collar and again open the lapel, feed it in, get our sleeve grip here, and we're going to start moving like we're going for a scissor sweep, right? U most white belts, it's one of the first sweeps you you learn. you kind of like get familiar with it. It's pretty basic. Now, what's going to happen in most cases is this person's hands are somewhere in here. Instead of trying to sweep, I'm going to put my foot on the hip. This leg on the inside, that is our that bracing leg usually across the chest, is going to wing out. We bring our knee up to the chest and we're going to go right in. And basically, you're placing your shin right across their bicep. And my foot is hooking the side of his arm. So, he tries to pull his arm away. That's going to be tough. Now, from here, at the same time, I'm gonna start kicking this leg out, pulling him in, and I'm gonna press off this hip right into it. Notice the angle that I made. I want to be at this strong angle. I want to have the I call this the hammer leg, the leg that hammers down on the back of the neck. I want to have it going straight across the shoulders. And we lock. And again, as a the triangle, you don't have to have full depth with the knee. Like, if you have legs that are, you know, maybe you didn't skip leg day, maybe they've got big shoulders. Who knows? For here, if I can't get that full lock, I can still finish. Okay, come back up for a second. What that looks like is we're here and here. So, notice I don't have the full depth of the knee. I can still pinch my knees together and use my hamstring to remove the space. Okay, so one more time on that. Let's look at this angle here for me, Jeff. So, when I get into the guard or into the the full guard position, I open my guard, shrimp out a little bit, foot on the hip, wing it out, press the the the shin to the bicep. I'm going to begin to pull extend right into position. Very simple triangle choke. Um again, and it goes right along with your nogi stuff. You can also use this in the in noi as well. Let's say I'm doing noi. I can simply grab a collar tie and a wrist and you can still do the same idea. Bang. Shoot it in. Get it. Real simple one, guys. This is actually I think the first one I learned which is which is a basic push pull pull push. So I get control of the sleeves or the wrist doesn't matter. I typically go for wrist if I I typically me I opt for wrist control directly more than I do for sleeves. So I'm going to do a pushpull right here. Now on the pull side I'm going to put my foot on the hip. On the push side I'm going to pull my leg out and immediately hike my leg up and reach up. The deal here, and that you'll see this over and over again with triangles, is I'm not just like throwing the leg over top. I'm reaching up because I got to imagine this person's going to start trying to pull their head away. I want to reach up, catch it, and again, end right on the side. And then we get our figure four lock to the side. Notice I'm not straight on them. If you're really long, you could get away with being just sitting right here. I'm not very good at that. I don't have super long legs, and I don't skip leg day, so I've got to be a little off to the side. So, let's look at that again. We do a push pull. Very simple movement. We're here. And again, if you get really fast with this, you'd be surprised at how effective it can be, right? I go pull. This one pushes and I'm pushing down to the belly. I don't want to push up here because the the arm gets in the way. I'm going to push down to the chest, down to the belly. Foot goes up, up to the side, lock. Okay, here's another one. Over hook with a figure four lock. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to start by getting an over hook on the arm. Usually, that's pretty easy, right? You can just kind of take your hands, go in here, praying hands, pull the arms in, get the over hook here. Okay. Now, what I'm looking to do is with this arm, I'm looking to get the arm like this. And you can do that a number of different ways, but you want to just grab the wrist and I want to pin it to his chest and then grab my own arm over top. Again, this is gear, no gi, doesn't matter. Now, if he tries to pull his arm away, &gt;&gt; you ain't getting it back, okay? Now you're in a you're in a super strong position. From here, I'm going to extend him away a little bit for my legs up and then lock. It's a lot harder to make that initial switch and get that angle on this one, but you got a great grip to use. But again, if we got here, we would want to start to move this arm across here and get that finish there. But again, if you want to try this one out, we start with an over hook. And again, how would you get control of the wrist? Well, this person's probably going to do something with their hand. probably wants his arm back, right? So, he might start trying to push away. As soon as you that hand comes in within range, grab it, pin it, get your figure four lock. Okay. So, I'm grabbing the hand, pinning it. My underhook arm is grabbing over top of the wrist here. Now, if I try to throw the leg up, I can't. So, I'm going to extend, throw it over top, lock it, go for the triangle, set it up. That's a really strong one. I use that one more in no because the fabric kind of gets in the way, but still very strong in the ghee. Guys, check this out. This can be a good one to start opening up your guard. Really simple triangle setup. You know, even me being like a kind of a clunky wrestler trying to play guard, I was able to get this one pretty early. So, we're going to start with two sleeve grips like so. Okay. And I'm going to open up to a basic open guard. So, I'm going to open my legs. I'll shrimp out here. Boom. Here. And this is very much a ghee specific one. Right now, I've got this basic um open guard, you know, kind of spider guardish type of situation going on. What I'm going to do is I'm going to sit to a hip and I'm going to put one foot into the bicep and I want to lock the leg out. Right? And what I'm doing here is I'm trying to get him to push cuz if I can start trying to get him to lean back, what is going to be his response? He's going to lean forward, let it slide off, bang, right into it. Right? So super, it's a super simple thing, but very effective and it can be a kind of a good sort of start to opening up your full guard because again, let's say that we open up here. recommend to me. We get here, we open, we get two sleeve grips. Basically, it's almost like a scissor sweep motion. We go here and open up. If it's not working, we can always go back. No big deal, right? But we get here and again, I pick a side foot goes into the bend of the arm. This arm will go to the center and I begin to extend them out. If he does not check this, there is a beautiful sweep here that I can get him with. But what happens is you get them leaning into it. They push back, let it slide off, pull, and again, we can get back to that angle that we want to get to. And so that that sort of spider guard triangle. That's a really simple basic setup. Uh let's get to the last one. All right, guys. Last one uh is going to be from a position we've always called diamond guard. Now, I'm going to do this video and someone's going to be like, "Well, Don John Duner calls it this." I understand. There's a million different names for the same damn positions. I call it diamond guard. There's videos of me showing this probably back in like 2012 or 13. Um, and so again, a lot of times the naming systems we sort of make stuff up as we went because there wasn't a universal naming system and there still isn't. Um, but the diamond guard, one of my favorite positions from uh, full because it's kind of a way to sort of slow it down because if you think about trying to go from here into a arm bar into a triangle, that can be pretty darn tough. So, what we're going to do is we're going to start by pulling an arm to the side almost like we're setting up an arm bar. You can grab onto the back of the the lapel or the back of the ghee here. Get this fabric. We're going to cut our angle. And then almost looking at the side of the face. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to throw my leg over top of the shoulder. And then the leg that's behind his uh that's behind his armpit here is going to go over top of the other leg. This part's really important because this is what's going to hold this leg in place. If I was to switch this, he drives his shoulder up and I lose the position. If I get the side angle here like this and I and I have this leg hammering down on top of the other, if he tries to drive his shoulder up, I can stay with him. And at the same time, my knees are pinching. Now, there's a lot of different attacks here. This is just a great position to play from full guard. And again, if you notice, there's not a whole lot to do. It's like you get here and you cut a slight angle. There it is. That's a great position. It's like a great safe point to climb your way up into more dangerous positions here. Okay. Now, from here in this position, I'm going to start attacking the arm here because if I can start threatening the arm, it's not the best arm lock attack, but it is credible and it does feel threatening. So, if I get here and I start going, a lot of times he'll start to try to pull out. Now, if I hold the legs too tight, he will not be able to pull the arm out. So, when he starts to try to pull his elbow out, you loosen up a little bit, let him have it, and then bang, pull him right into the position. Boom. We go for that finish. Right. So again, last time, cut our angle, lock it. From here, you could be trying to go for like that arm bar here. He starts trying to pull. Open up a little bit. Just let him have it. And then notice how high he is in this position. This is pretty common. Use your legs and your knees to slam him back down. And then we can make our adjustments and finish. So, those are a handful of different setups that you can use to get into a triangle uh setup into a triangle. I I don't I don't consider the triangle just a choke itself. It's a whole platform. There's so many different things that you can do from a triangle choke position. You can get into arm bars. You can get into the triangle choke. Obviously, you can get you can use it as a sweep. There's um platas there. There's all kinds of really good stuff. And so, again, it's a great position. Um it's a very fundamental move that you can use from white belt to black belt. And if you're long and lanky, if you got some long limbs, you should go ahead and use it. Another random thing is that I found that soccer players, I don't know why, I've got I've had several people that played soccer at a fairly decent level at college and stuff, and they didn't necessarily have the longest legs, but they had amazing triangles. And I think it was probably the dexterity in their legs and their hips from doing the soccer and everything. One of my guys, one of my black belts, Rich, amazing triangle. I remember taking him to competitions and just burning through a whole division pretty quickly um with one triangle after the next. And my my black belt Chad same thing. He would go to these tournaments and he's not a soccer player but long and lanky would go to division sometimes and you know clean house on a whole division in under you know five minutes at the black belt level. Incredible, right? And again did it a lot with using the triangle both as an attacking platform and also a submission. So hopefully that is helpful to one of my guys that I'm sending this video to but hopefully it's helpful to some of you guys watching as well. I'll talk to you guys next time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]