Kind: captions Language: en What up, YouTube? So, at some point, if you're doing jiu-jitsu, you're going to end up in a position like this where you've got a large man sitting on your chest and mount and you're unable to escape. And if you're new to jiu-jitsu, this position is not a lot of fun to be in. And I'm going to show you the five big mistakes that I see a lot of new people make when they're playing mount and they're new jiu-jitsu practitioners. Hopefully, this will help you not make these mistakes. This is my uh handsome assistant here, Mr. Marvin. He's a large man. Let's get started. All right, guys. Big mistake number one. If you're new, this is what it looks like. Ready? You panic and freak the hell out and you do all kinds of crazy stuff that you were never shown and you know you shouldn't do, but you do it anyway. So, it's a real problem, right? And I I get it cuz I used to freak out and panic and I I basically made all of these mistakes when I first started and I see when new people make it. But again, the panic is the big one. You see people where they freak out and they start doing just the wrong stuff and obviously they would turn their back and get choked out too. I forgot that one. Right. But we want to first off just like any other position in jiu-jitsu, the mount offers the ability to have sort of an if this then that approach to it, right? What I mean by that is if we go to uh let's go to guard real quick. If we go to guard, we could develop a you know process for something where I go, okay, I grab the cross collar and I'm going for this scissor sweep here. Marvin widens out his base. Well, then I could do a kickout sweep right here. Or this hand starts to veer on the inside. His right hand starts to veer on the inside. I can cut this across and then I can go for a triangle. Oh, if he starts to raise up, I have an arm. But you get the idea, right? We have this whole process. The same thing exists here in in mount, right? Where, okay, I set up my frame. I try to offbalance him to shrimp, but I can't move him all the way across. So, maybe I push this knee out to hook the foot. But then you know the whole deal, right? And you want to do that same thing with mount. Now, is it going to be like that in the beginning? Well, hell no, it's not. It's going to take time to develop that. Here's one of the biggest things that I could tell you to do to to get rid of the panic so that you can think. Because if you can't think in this position, you're not going to be able to develop that ability to um go step by step. So, here's a really simple detail for you or something that you can do. Go into the gym and roll. And you could either like during an open round, like an open roll, you either have your partner start and mount or you could simply just let them get to mount, right? And what you do if is if you freak out with panicking, do this. First off, bring your arms in tight. Okay? We want to bring our arms in tight. We don't want to leave them out to where they can get submitted. Okay? I would also tell you that I like putting one of my arms across the middle of my chest right above my solar plex or right about at my solar plexus. So if he puts all of his weight down on me, go ahead. It just sort of puts a frame across my chest so that you can't have direct chest connection. Raise up a little bit because if my hands are up like this doing the Go ahead and do this. Put your chest pressure on me. There we go. That sucks. And it does really make it a lot harder to breathe. Okay, come back up. But if I just put this hand here, I've still got one to protect, but if he lays his weight down on that forearm, go ahead. I'm okay. Right. And it's the same pressure. He is putting real pressure on me. Okay. And he's a 220 lb fella. Okay. So, and like strong 220 lb, right? Like look at this man. It's almost like st I just hurt my hand. It's concrete. Um but anyway, [laughter] terrible humor. [snorts] But going back to it, here's what you do. You go to the mount. You get here and do not even try to escape. Just sit here. Just see how long you can survive. Look up at the clock. See how many minutes are left. Whatever. Try to survive. That's it. Now, what's the point of doing this? Well, the idea behind this is if you get really focused on shelling up and and defending, you would be surprised at how effective you could probably be and how how long you could actually slow someone's defenses down. This was like the first thing that I that worked for me as far as removing the panic from my mount position and it's what I do with all my students. I'll put them in the position periodically and they can't escape. They just get laid on and they try not to get submitted. That's it. And what happens is when you realize that when you get really good at just shelling up like you don't really have to worry about being submitted. And then what does that do? That allows you to go, all right, how do I want to escape? What is my opponent giving me? What kind of options do I think I have? And then we'll look at the next option. Tip number two, if you've rolled with a new guy or when you were new, you probably did this at some point. I know I did. You push on the chest here. And obviously, this does absolutely nothing. Maybe if there's a big size difference and the guy's really strong on the bottom, maybe you get chucked off. But otherwise, all this does is lead to arm bars and getting submitted or being gassed out because you waste all your energy, right? We don't want to be pushing on the chest. Okay? The a good rule of thumb is that when you're set up setting up your pushes and your your frames, you're going to aim below the belly button or the belt line, right? Because we're focused on moving the hips. Because really what's important about this is if we go back to guard here for a second with my legs and my hips in front of his, I'm in an offensive position, right? Well, when he passes the guard, really what you do is just track his hips. His hips move over top. Go ahead and go to mount. Boom. His hips are now in front and over top of mine. He is now in the offensive position, right? That's it. So all of our attention is going to be about moving the hips or pushing against hips or for the most part moving ourselves because it's always going to be easier for us to move our body when the person's on top than us moving theirs. But again, when you are pushing and framing, it's going to be at that belly button or below in most cases. [snorts] Tip number three, one of the mistakes that people make is that they will start to try to push with their hands. Okay. Now, this isn't always wrong, but you got to think about something. Your arms right here are going to be strongest when they're locked out, right? Or close to think about a bench press. If I go down here, right? Where does everybody get stuck on the bench with a heavy weight? It's not here. Once you're about up to this point, it's pretty easy to lock out. It's when you're down at the bottom and the the chest muscles are fully stretched out, the triceps are stretched out. That longest point, that's where your muscles are weakest. So if you think about what's happening when he's here, my arms are stretched out. I'm not in a necessarily in a strong position, right? So that's why when we build our frames here, we're not necessarily pushing with our hands rather, but the forearms and the elbows, right? Because think about this. Come out for a second, Marvin. And now here's what I want you to do. I want you to lay all of your weight on top of my arms here and like plank on them. Just put all your weight here. I can support Marvin's weight all day like this. There's no strain. I can move his body around. Take your hands off the ground, Marvin. All that weight, all that 220 lb. Right. Right there. No problem. Come back down. Now, I'm going to put my hands here. Okay. Now, I'm not a I'm not a weak guy. I lift weights. Right. I'm fairly strong. But when he puts his weight here, ready? I can't hold them, right? Like, it just it just And again, I can I can bench press two plates, you know? I'm not I'm a weak not a weak man, but I can't hold up 220 lbs of Marvin sitting on my chest in side control. It's just not a good position, right? So, when we're pushing, a lot of times when we set up our frames, we're not pushing with the hands, we're using these elbows here because this is a stronger position for those muscles and then that part of our body, right? So, as an example, when we get into our frames here, okay, he puts his weight on me. Put that weight down. There we go. I might bridge to off balance here. And then I'm shrimping out, but as I move, I'm pushing with this forearm here, right? And the cue that a lot of times I like to think about here is lay your weight on me, Marvin, and I'm really going to push you, okay? Is that when we, you know, get him off balance, I'm going to push with this elbow here into the form to get his weight off balance. So this way I can move. Now notice again, I mentioned this before. Notice what happened. I off balanced him a little bit. I pushed against his hips, but at that point, the push on the hips after he's off balance is not to push him away, but to hold him in place. Right? That's a frame, right? The frames of the walls hold something in place. I'm framing to push, but the push is to hold him in place as I move away from him. And we're ready to go. Number four, a mistake that I'll see sometimes people make is that they don't really use their bridge effectively. Right? So the bridge is important because if you think about him in this position here, there's no way I'm just going to unless I'm just again there's a big size difference or I'm just massively strong. I'm not bench pressing Marvin off of me, right? With his weight down on me. So what we're going to be doing here is we're going to be using our hips, right? So like in this position, I'm going to bridge up. Keep your weight off me. Just lay your weight there. There it is. My bridge is what's going to lift him up. Okay. Now, when I bridge, I don't just bridge straight up. I will bridge trying to go off to a side because what I want to have happen is I want to have his hands start to reach out to where his weight shifts from directly onto me onto the mat. So for instance, I would push and bridge and there's different ways we can manipulate the legs and everything else. But just in a basic idea using our frame push and our bridge, we can make his weight shift subtly to one side. that then allows us to move because he's no longer heavy on me and I can get into some escape that I might want to get to. Right? And so again, make sure that when you're there, again, we don't freak out and panic and start bridging up. We want to bridge to a side to get this person off balance. And you want to make sure you're bridging. There are times where we may not want to bridge. Maybe the person's too big and we have to do things like foot slides and things like that. But assuming that there's any relative closeness to weight, we will use the bridge. And I see a lot of times people not just either pushing straight up and they turn, they get stuck or they don't even use the bridge at all. So, we want to make sure that when you're here, we use that bridge effectively with our frame to off balance him to a side, which is really helpful for getting that weight off of you, which then allows you to shrimp out to bring your legs in front and escape. All right, number five. The mistake that people make, and it's this is a big one, is that they're either really slow to recognize they're being stuck in mount, or they recognize it, and they sort of just like, I don't know, like let off the gas pedal for a second. So, here's what I mean by this. This happens with a lot of positions um in jiu-jitsu. Let's go, for example, with guard passing. This is a really common one. Let's say that Marvin's passing my guard. I'm defending. And we get into the situation where maybe I'm framing. I feel like my frames I'm losing this position. My arms are getting tired. And then I go, "Oh man." [snorts] And I just fold right now. Either I failed to recognize that this person's passing my guard and I need to transfer to what's next. Or I knew that he was passing and I got frustrated and I just let him get into this really strong side control here. Right? Because you'll hear people all the time, they'll they'll say, "I have trouble escaping side control." Right? A big problem is that you're letting the person get all the way to here versus let's say that I'm in side control. If I know I'm losing this position, then I can either start to dive in for like the iron squirrel and go for the under hook here. I can start to turtle away or regard or there's a lot of options there. Okay. Same thing happens with mount. If for some reason I feel like someone's getting to mount, as soon as they're getting to that position, when you feel like that moment where that person's sliding their knee across or they just stepped over, this is the moment that you really have to fight hard to get your grips together. Right afterwards, you can take a second to to breathe if you're exhausted. But like right now, a lot of times if they go to mount, they they'll have an arm secured or they'll immediately try to work for one. We can't relax here because this is a dangerous position. I need to fight to to get to this to bring my hands back in so that I can defend and get the inside position. Right? So, come out for a second here. So, let's say that Marvin goes to do whatever mount he's doing here. He slides AC right there. I feel it. I feel that he's getting to mount. I can't say, "Oh, man. He's getting to mount. This sucks." Right? You can't do that. This is exactly the point where you've got to fight hard. So, as soon as I feel him getting to mount, I've got a frame here across his stomach here. You keep that arm tight for me, Marvin. I'm going to have to bridge it off out just to get a little bit of space in here and get everything in nice and tight. Right now, I can fight and defend from this position. So, again, that one is a little bit more abstract, but you'll know it when you feel it, right? That's kind of how jiu-jitsu works. You can see something, you can hear someone talk about it, but you know it when you feel it. And so with you guys in mount, if you're struggling with the position, make sure that you never let someone just get this nasty mount position where, you know, even worse is where people just sort of they let off the gas pedal with their their abilities and everything else and then the person gets into a really high mount and they're trying to defend. As soon as a person's getting to a mount, we want to fight hard to get our hands down, get our neck protected, especially in the ghee. So you have to recognize when it's happening. And again, that's really important when you're playing the defensive game, whether it be side control, mount, back mount, whatever. As soon as that person is in those spots, you have to start going into defensive mode quickly and start making a um you know, setting up your defense and your hand positioning because if you're late, gets really bad really quickly. So hopefully that helps some of you guys out with your mount positioning. Again, I could go on for hours as far as like mistakes that I see that I've seen as a coach, but those are five biggies that I see um that I've seen even in like when I'm going around at the jiu-jitsu open competitions, I'll kind of like watch guys compete. That's one I'll see in the early like the white and blue belt in the uh beginner divisions. And so hopefully that'll help out some of the white belts and the blue belts here that are watching the channel. I'm finished. Thanks for watching guys. Talk to you next time. [music]