Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, I have a pretty cool stat to share with you. This I'm pretty proud of this. So, I started jiu-jitsu back in 2003 and since that time, I, you know, have won lots of competitions. I've become a pro MMA fighter, trained super hard, all that stuff. But, I'm happy to say that in that 20-plus long years of intense training and everything else that I've done, I've never injured anybody with a submission. And I've never been injured by anybody using a submission on me. Now, I have I have accidentally injured people before. That happens. And I've also been accidentally injured by people because, you know, ultimately jiu-jitsu it's like two cars going opposite directions on the road. You can try to make it as safe as you want to, but, you know, stuff happens. Accidents happen. That said, again, there's a reason why I'm around 40 years old. I'm I'm 40 years old and I've been training for over 20 years. Started grappling, wrestling in 2000. There's a reason why I've been able to train this long and my body feels pretty damn good. I don't feel broken. I feel pretty good. There's a reason why I've been able to do that. And I watched people who have trained at different periods of time where they would eat submissions and they would fight through them, all that stuff. And they would they've lost the ability to do certain things like extend their arms or just go for walks. And so, again, this video may not be, you know, exciting to some of you. But, that said, it could be damn useful to some of you. If you want to train jiu-jitsu, you want to get better, you want to improve your submissions so that you can apply them effectively, but you also have longevity in mind and you want to be able to do this stuff for a really long time without getting injured and be able to train consistently. So, if that's you, then watch the video and take these seven commandments in and hopefully this is useful to you. Appreciate you guys for being here. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Commandment number one, thou shalt remember that none of this freaking matters. So, this is one of the most sure fire ways to just ruin your experience in jiu-jitsu, period. Um is taking this thing too super serious, right? Every training session super serious. Remember, practice doesn't count. This isn't the world championships. This is you rolling with people. This is you playing the game. Even the people, you know, that are training at the highest highest level. Sure, you train super intense, but you don't want to eat submissions. Remember, this is a game that has serious consequences for your body. And being that it's a game, we have a reset button called a tap. You want to be willing to press that reset button often. And if you're one of those people that comes in that takes this thing super serious and you treat every training session as if it really matters, it's going to be hard to press that reset button and you'll probably find that you fight through submissions way too long um or, you know, you go after them too aggressively. Not good for training. And so, again, I just remind you that none of this matters. Your girlfriend, your boyfriend, your friends, your your dad, your mom, nobody cares about your training sessions. They're not that important. And so, remember, the training sessions, none of this matters. Commandment number two, thou shalt catch fast and finish slow. So, think about it this way. When you have someone in an armbar as an example, when that arm is fully locked out and you're applying pressure, that is when they are at the point of maximum danger for that joint. Let's say if you've got a heel hook, you've got the heel hook locked in, you've got your legs wrapped around it, you feel the tightness in that knee in that joint, that is the point where we begin to apply pressure with the hips. It's maximum danger. This is where things can go wrong. And so, we want to treat that with a certain level of reverence, right? So, when you go into those submissions, I at least this is how I do it. I will be very quick to get the catch. Let's say it's a kimura. I might get the figure four lock really quick and then [snorts] break the grip. But, when I'm taking that submission to the end range where that person is then in danger of having a tendon ripped or a joint popped or whatever it is, I go very slow to the finish. Now, I do this for a couple reasons. One is because I want to take care of my training partners. I don't want them to get hurt. I would like them to do the same for me, right? Also, too, it is a demonstration of control. For me in the gym, this is my philosophy on applying submissions. I want to apply the submission with as much finesse, technique, leverage, just all those types of things as possible rather than having to muscle it, to grip and rip. And for me, if I can't apply the submission slowly with control and demonstrate that control over my training partner, then my technique it's needs to get better. Also, too, I want my technique to be a little bit better in the gym because this way if I go compete, I if it gets a little sloppy, it's better than what it needs to be. It reminds me of one of my old boxing coaches. I remember, you know, he would get on us during certain drills to have our hands up a little bit higher than what we needed to. And his whole thing was, "So that this way they drop where they need to be when your arms get tired." Maybe that's not a great analogy, but that's my thought process. When it gets a little sloppier in competitions or when I was fighting in MMA, I knew that I could rely on my technique because it was much better in the gym. And so, I don't apply any sloppy submissions. If I've got a submission and I'm getting ready to flop back, I let go of it if I don't have control. I won't use certain things, certain submissions um that I can't apply with control. I just won't touch them because, again, it goes against my philosophy on training to both get really skilled and then also take care of my training partners. But, again, that is the idea with the submission. Catch it fast, finish slow. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Number three, thou shalt avoid those who eat submissions. So, hopefully you don't have anybody in your gym that does this, but I know they exist out there and I used to run into them when I was younger. We don't have this problem at my gym now, but I remember when I was younger and I would train with some of the MMA bros, you would get these guys that would eat submissions. You put them in an arm lock and they wouldn't tap. I remember one guy literally told me, he's like, "I don't tap to submissions." Like I had him in a an arm lock and I'm like, "Hey, bro, you going to tap?" He said, "I don't tap to submissions." So, you know, be me being then younger and stuff back then, I just took his back and choked him unconscious, right? But, now if I was in that sort of situation, and this is what I would recommend, I wouldn't roll with him. I would avoid him. If I had someone that told me, "I don't tap to submissions." or if I had a fully locked in something and they're like grimacing and they're not tapping, I'm just going to stop and go roll with someone else. I'm going to avoid that person because, one, I don't want to pop anybody's anything in the gym. And then also, two, if this is how you're treating submissions, then I have no confidence that you're going to be safe with me if you get me in something. And so, again, if you for some reason have someone in your gym that just eats submissions like crazy and they're letting stuff get popped or getting to that point, then personally, I would just roll with someone else. Remember, you don't have to roll with anybody you don't want to roll with. Just go to someone else, talk to your coach, whatever. Terrible practice. And if that And if, by the way, if this is like a normal practice in your gym, then find a different gym to train at. Number four, thou shalt have a kill switch. So, what do I mean by kill switch? Well, some machines will have this thing called a kill switch, which is a device to basically, you know, in an emergency it can stop the thing, right? You want to have the same thing with your rolling where if you're rolling with someone and maybe I'll tell you about how I do it. If I roll with someone and I put them into a lock and they maybe an inexperienced person moves the wrong way, which could damage them, I let go. If my training partner makes a weird noise or, you know, there's something I just feel something weird about it, I let go. Or even sometimes I have a really good submission applied and all of a sudden maybe I'm falling off to the side and I realize that I'm either going to have to apply a really quick pressure or I'm just going to lose control and possibly injure them, I just let go of it completely. And so, you want to have that ability to in the middle of the roll, no matter how focused you are on what you're trying to do with the technique, you can stop in an instant. You can stop on a dime. And again, this can take some time and some skill to develop, but you want to develop it. Uh it's something where just like the other day I was rolling with one of our brown belts at the gym and he had me in a butterfly sweep and my hand got caught. It got pinned underneath of him and he was taking me over and my wrist was about to break, right? What did he do? When I started yelping, I went, "Ah!" You know, I made like a noise. What did he do? He let go instantly. His whole body just went limp and my arm was freed and I was saved from a broken wrist. So, he was focused on getting the sweep and he was locked in and ready to go. I was like midair. And when I did that, he let go. By the way, Brian, thank you if you're watching this. And so, I let go. I don't have a broken wrist and then we got to roll again. So, you want to develop this with your training, the ability to just shut off the body in an instant if someone makes a weird noise or you feel something that's out of place. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Number five, thou shalt communicate with your training partners. What do I mean by communicate with your training partners? Well, I'll use my arm triangle as a great example. Years ago, my arm triangle was shaky. And a lot of times what would happen is is I would get it. It wasn't quite where it needed to be. So, what I would do is I would just start squeezing harder and harder. And a lot of times I would get a submission from the crank, right? Well, eventually that's not going to work. And so, I started to, you know, train with people. And when they were defending, especially these, you know, brown and black belts, I'm I'm trying to, you know, go for the submission, they're defending, I would stop and ask them, "Hey, what do you feel? Like, why is this not working?" And they could tell me what they felt. And then I would a lot of times make some adjustments and try to troubleshoot it. And then we would figure it out together. And obviously, these are my like consistent training partners. And over the time, I developed a really strong arm triangle choke. Well, it's one of my best submissions now. And I can get it on people and I mean it's locked in. It's it's tight. And this is one of the way that you can tighten up a lot of your submissions. When you're applying them to someone, if they do not tap, instead of putting more gas on the pedal, squeezing harder, all that stuff, ask them what's going on. Ask them what they feel. That can be incredibly helpful. I had the same thing happen with my leg locks years ago where I'm rolling with a guy, I put him in a heel hook. He's got really good leg locks, good leg lock defense. I feel like I'm doing it right and I even ask him, "Hey, bro, why aren't you tapping to that heel hook?" And he said, "Oh, because of this, that, and that." Ah, I learned something. So, instead of just muscling through it, burning my arms out, I'm getting some actual good feedback and now I can get better. And so, one of the things that you can do with your training partners, especially those consistent training partners that you kind of develop a good training bond with, if you're applying a submission, they don't tap, instead of trying to rip it more or whatever, ask them what they feel. And again, if they're grimacing and like fighting away, well then we avoid that person. But assuming that you're applying the submission and they're just not really responding, then instead of squeezing, burning your arms out, possibly hurting them, you can get more information on how to make that submission tighter, have it more technical, be able to apply with more finesse and less energy, and make your Jiu Jitsu better. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Number six, thou shalt tap fast and tap often. Pretty simple one, we talk about this one all the time in Jiu Jitsu, I think, but it's important. I don't care if I'm in some weird position and I shouldn't tap to it or it's not even a real submission, I tap. A lot of times in my gym, again, I'm one of the I'm the highest ranking guy and you know, there's black belts and stuff, but I'm rolling with a lot of blues and purples and stuff. If they get me in a submission, I tap, no big deal. And I would tell you that even sometimes if I get put in something like a sloppy neck crank, which isn't like a real submission and it's something where I could eat it, but I know that especially at my age, I'm 40 now. If I if I eat that neck crank for too long, like my neck's going to be all jacked up for the rest of the day or even a couple days later, I just tap to it and just next time do a better job of staying out of those positions. As a quick aside, I personally don't use neck cranks much in the gym for submissions because for me the juice isn't worth the squeeze. You know, because you're attacking that spine, it's not something that I can apply without putting some pressure on there. I just kind of I like to stay away from the neck for my training partners and so I don't use them. Um personally, I just don't think it's worth it. But that said, with any submission that you get caught into or any weird position, whatever it is, just tap. That's what it's there for. Again, it's the reset button. Press that reset button over and over again. If you're playing a video game, just press the reset button, load up your save file, whatever you want to consider it, and restart the damn thing instead of eating weird positions or fighting through things you shouldn't when you might feel some torque on your shoulder or whatever it might be. So, really simple one, just tap fast, tap often. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Number seven, the last one, thou shalt honor the golden rule of submissions. So, think about this. It's really simple. I think the world would be a lot better if we observe the golden rule with just about anything, but you want to take care of your training partners like you want them to take care of you. It's as simple as that, right? When you look at submissions, these are powerful techniques and they should be treated with a certain level of reverence and they should be applied with a certain level of responsibility because again, you could permanently injure someone. You could alter someone's ability to live, to put food on the table for their families, to pick up their children, to go for a walk, whatever it is, right? By applying a careless submission. And so you want to take care of your training partners. And also, you want to understand that your ability to get better at Jiu Jitsu is determined by your training partners. It is a singular martial art wrapped around a team. You cannot get better without them, they cannot get better without you. And this is how we dance. And so again, you want to apply submissions like you would want them to be to be done to you. You don't want to get injured, I don't want to get injured. So, let's take care of each other. And this is by the way how you can train really intensely, but do it for a long time without injuring anybody with submissions. Also, too, just sort of saying this to you guys if you're newer, if you become the reckless, careless person on the mats, you will become labeled like that person. And when it comes time to roll and you're looking around for a partner, the whole mats going to scatter like cockroaches. Like when the light flips on, they're going to just scatter away from you because nobody wants to roll with that person. Nobody wants to come into the gym after a long day's work or cuz they're getting ready for a competition and they get injured because of the reckless person. So, keep that in mind. That said, if you become the person that they know they can get good rolls in, they can train intense with, but they know that they're safe, you will have no problems getting a training partner ever. And so again, the golden rule, when you apply those submission holds, apply them like you would want someone to apply them to you. It's a simple rule, but follow that along with the other six rules, other six commandments, and you can train Jiu Jitsu, you can get after it, you can push yourself, and you can do so without injuring anybody with submissions. Again, accidents do happen, but you can mitigate a lot of those with these ideas that I'm talking about in this video. And so, hopefully this is useful to you guys. Also guys, if you're a white belt or if you're just someone that's trained Jiu Jitsu and you want to improve a little faster in Jiu Jitsu, one of the things that you have to do is you have to have a little bit more focus with your training. You don't want to come into the gym aimless, just showing up with no ideas to what you're doing. And so I've get I have an ebook and a video. So, if you're a reader or you're a watcher, you can get access to it and sort of dive in. And it will give you over 12 different strategies on how to add more focus to your rolling and I've made it so this way even if you're a white belt or a black belt, you can make use of it. And again, it'll give you some strategies on how to improve your rolling. This is stuff that I do and this is stuff that when I look at like a lot of some of the world champions that I've talked to on our podcast, this is stuff they do. So again, it's useful. Um and then when you join up, you will become a True Crew subscriber, which is my daily email that I send out, which goes through everything from Jiu Jitsu tips, lifting tips, dieting stuff, just anything and everything that I think might be useful to you. I also include stuff that's sort of off the mat like books I'm reading and things like that, resources and recommendations. But if you guys want to get that, you can check the links in the comments down below. But hopefully this helps some of you guys out, just some ideas to train with longevity in mind and thank you guys for watching. Talk to you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]