Kind: captions Language: en So did you see this video recently of this young guy who defended himself with jiu-jitsu against the guy with an axe? If you haven't seen the video, here it is. I'm sorry tonight chaos at a car wash in Marion County. Look at this. Tonight we're hearing from the teenager you see in this video after he took down a man with an axe. Now watching that video, what that tells me and proves once again is that jiu-jitsu just doesn't work in the streets. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; About that. I know that every like troll on the internet that hates jiu-jitsu will be like pecking away in the comment section here. This reminds me of a situation that happened with one of my guys back in the day where he was working loss prevention I think at a Target and there was a guy that he was watching who took a phone or some electronics. He stuffed it into his jacket and he was getting ready to walk out. My student who was in street clothes approached him and said, "Hey man, I need you to take that out of your jacket." The guy took a step back, drew a gun and my student being in a situation where he has to react immediately, immediately took him down to the ground, put a two-on-one sort of keylock position from mount and then he isolated the arm and chucked the guy away to the side and then the guy turned his back like most people do who haven't trained. He immediately put him in a rear naked choke and he was getting ready to squeeze but he said that there were a bunch of people around him watching him and he said he didn't want to have sort of the optic of choking this guy unconscious or possibly hurting this guy. So he just pulled his arms around his back, zip tied him up and then just waited for the cops to pick him up. Now again, in both of those situations I would tell you that I my student at least had never trained that situation. We had never said, "Hey, there's a guy with who's stuffing this thing in his pocket and you're going to approach him, he's going to pull out a gun and now you have to tackle him." We never did that specific scenario. I just it's a it's my own bearded hunch, could be wrong, but I imagine that this young guy in this video probably did not do drills at his gym where he had a axe-wielding maniac who he had to charge and take down before he could get cut, right? Just a hunch. And with that, what I'm getting at here is that when I look at a lot of like self-defense stuff that's taught, it's larping. That's like when people dress up in like medieval fantasy characters and they sort of reenact things. And it looks like great fun and I'm sure it is. But again, when it comes to that, it's just you're playing with your imagination. You're just imagining things and you're playing imagination. You're not really firing a lightning bolt. You're not stabbing someone with a sword, you're just playing out this game. And when it comes to a lot of self-defense that I've seen over the years, a lot of it's just larping. You're just playing imagination. You're coming up with these crazy scenarios about what would happen da da da da da for situations you've never been in, which is sort of is the core reason why combat sports, wrestling, boxing, jiu-jitsu, judo, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are so effective. We train live. Now yes, our sport forms are not realistic to a fight because obviously, you know, if you're wrestling the person, they're not necessarily going to splay out if you take them down. If you take someone down in jiu-jitsu and or whatever, they're not going to simply not hit you. But the deal is is when you train combat sports, you're doing things live. You have a live resisting opponent who's coming at you 100% especially if you're doing competitions and you're learning how to solve problems on the fly and be adaptable. So you have this skill, you have this body, you know what you can do and you have to solve problems. It's what you're doing all the time, right? You know, maybe you have a particular punching combination in boxing that you like. You're fighting your opponent, you're trying to figure out a way to get that punching combination in. In jiu-jitsu, we have a technique or a position that we're trying to use and we're trying to figure out how to use that against someone or they're smashing us. We have to figure out how to deal with that. Along with that adaptability in the chaotic environment that you find yourself in is also the ability to deal with stress. Many of us that start training in jiu-jitsu and boxing and everything else that we do, I mean, when you first start doing that stuff, it's incredibly stressful. The first time someone squeezes on your head really hard. This literally just happened the other day. I was rolling with this newer guy that came into the gym. He's coming in for his first couple classes. We're rolling around a little bit. He's in side control squeezing my head, right? And he doesn't know what to do. He's just squeezing my head. He doesn't mean anything by it, but I remember feeling super relaxed by that. I mean, this guy's like 270 lbs, but I remember, you know, 20-something years ago, that would freak me out. I remember the first time I started boxing. The first time I got hit, it was like my body just freaked out. I didn't know what to do. And then eventually got to the point where I'm like able to like roll the punches and slip and move and not be too bothered by it. Same thing with MMA. MMA is not realistic in the sense of what would happen in a street fight, but again, all of these things, what they give you is a percentage to have a better outcome. They don't guarantee anything. It's not a magical, you know, snap the fingers and it's all going to be fine. All it does is it gives you a improved percentage of some positive possibility happening, not a guarantee. Again, if it wasn't for these things, these phone cameras that we have, you wouldn't we wouldn't really have a good idea of what fights really look like. If a gun's involved or if a knife's involved or whatever that, you know, it's going to be a great idea to charge a person. I'm not saying that at all. What I am saying is that you can't prepare for every single scenario and this is why live training is so important. Being stressed out, having people really fight you, that's really important in whatever form you want to do it in and why it's so useful for us if we find ourselves in a fighting situation off the mats and out of the gym. Also, just sort of watching this and again, this is another thing to think about in both my story for my student and this story for this young man, takedowns are really important. So again, for all of you guys that do jiu-jitsu, if you are one of those people that sort of tries to avoid ever doing the takedown work, this is a reason why you should do it. Again, you don't have to be amazing at takedowns, but you should have some level of competency with them even if you don't use them in competitions necessarily cuz I know plenty of people who have great takedowns, but in competitions it's much easier for them to pull guard and sweep the person, but in a fight situation they could easily use them. Hell, even me sometimes. I'll go to competitions and pull guard because it's just a more efficient game plan for that setting, but I 100% have plenty of good takedowns that I could use and have used in situations outside of the gym. But yeah, I just wanted to comment on this. I saw this pop up and again, I I see jiu-jitsu used over and over again and anytime I talk about jiu-jitsu in a self-defense situation, you know, all the people come in the comments, "Well, Chewie, what happens if" and insert one of the scenarios. I'm not saying that it's, you know, jiu-jitsu's going to work 100% of the time that wrestling or boxing or MMA is going to work 100% of the time, but generally speaking, your odds are improved dramatically if you have a combat sport in your back pocket. If you've developed some skill in a combat sport, you have that in your back pocket, you're typically having better outcomes than most people. And also, hats off to that young dude. He's got balls of steel. I mean, to charge a guy with an axe, especially you're that young and you're just sitting there staring at it, that's pretty impressive. He did a good job of taking care of business and hats off to him. I'm glad he's safe. Just wanted to share that with you guys. Hope you're doing well. I'll talk to you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]