Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, after the CGI 2 happened, I, you know, it's been buzzing around again, you know, this idea of, well, how do we make jiu-jitsu exciting because, you know, CGI 1 was a really exciting event. CGI 2 wasn't as exciting. The female matches seem to be better with the open scoring and stuff, but this conversation, at least I've seen it a bit, has popped up about how do we make jiu-jitsu exciting? There's something that I think it's interesting when we look at jiu-jitsu matches, and this is something my buddy Brandon McGaffron and the PGF, they do a little differently, and I think it's a good thing. I think it creates more entertainment and it creates a more exciting match. So when you watch the PGF, they will start to give stalling calls and they will give stalling calls to people in positions that normally they would not get stalling calls on. So for instance, let's say that you have two people going and the competitor is on the bottom of mount and you have a competitor on top of mount, right? One's trying to submit the other. Brandon had structured it in the system to where the bottom person, the person that is defending, they will get stalling calls. So if they're not trying to actively escape, they will then give stalling calls to the person on the bottom. Now, that is a subtle but important shift in thinking and the way that we should be doing this. Because here's a here's a thing to think about. When you get someone that's really good at jiu-jitsu, right? Like when you get someone that's really good, it is tough to submit them if they don't open up. There are tons of classic examples. When you go back and watch some of the old Metamorris, that was an event that happened. If you guys are, you know, newer to jiu-jitsu, there was this event called Metamorus. That was something that they struggled with because they would do a draw at the end of of a 20-minute time limit. It was a sub submission only for 20 minutes and it would just go to a draw. And basically, unless you had two guys that were ready to just go after each other or there was a big skill discrepancy, a lot of times if it just went to the distance, one guy would just ball up instead of getting beaten, right? I mean, that was famously like the Andre Graval match and Heron Gracie match. I mean, Heron just bowled up. Super good defensively. Hard to submit a good black belt when they're not engaging and attacking. A lot of times when you're rolling with someone, the submissions and things like that at the higher levels, they typically happen because they're engaging. They're opening up. There's things that they're doing because every time you go for something, there's an there's an exposure. You're making yourself somewhat vulnerable. You know, you can't you can't get something without giving up something. So, every time you shoot for a takedown, you go for an escape, you go for a guard pass, you go for a guard sweep, in that moment when you're moving, there's always some vulnerability, but as soon as you show up, it's really tough. And I remember one of my buddies, uh, Dave, he had a, uh, this is, you know, years ago, long time ago, he was a brown belt and they did this brown belt match at this local competition. They were, it's like 500 bucks for the winner. And this is, I I want to say this is maybe 2009, 2010. Actually, I guess it would be 2010, 2011 cuz he got his brown belt in 2010. He competed against this guy in the division. And when he's competing against him, it's a submission only, no time limit. And they have this initial like back and forth little battle. Dave's clearly winning that. And then the guy just shells up. And Dave is trying every darn thing he can to rip the person's hands away from his body. And it's just tough, man. And then by the end of it, I remember he it was like an hour into it because they were you they figured, okay, this is going to take like max like 25 30 minutes and they had the whole tournament shut down and then eventually they just said screw we got to start the tournament off. This is taking forever and so they you know they this is why true subonies I think are kind of boring. Um so they keep you know they kept going and then eventually Dave just said hey man like you want to split the money just call us a day. it's like an hour in like I don't want to do this anymore and like and he was on top of him the whole time but he's like I just don't want to do this anymore and they just stopped it there and so I've seen that happen also too in my gym a lot of times I will take you know the students when we're working on escapes I'll say hey top person let's put them in side control mount or you know offensive back u but especially like in mount and side control like just ball up bring your hands in close don't even try to escape just see how long you can ball up and then top person try to submit them and a lot of times it's really difficult even with the skill difference for the person on top to submit them because they're not making any exposure. This person's just constantly bringing their arms and hands in to protect their neck and their arms. And so I think it's an important shift. And I'm just doing this video because I think it's an interesting way to look at it. Right? A lot of times we always penalize the person on top. The person on top's not passing enough. You know, the bottom person can be sitt sitting in guard doing nothing, but we always penalize the person on top. Um or the person on top who's you know supposed to be passing. Person on top's in mound or side control. they're not doing enough to get the submission. Yeah, but the person on the bottom is not even trying to escape. They should be doing stuff, too. And so, I think it's an important shift. And when if you watch the PGF matches, he's got a good format. Not saying it's the best format or anything else, but I really like that simple rule set shift that he made to that. I think to me that helps create more excitement because now you're now giving penalties to the person for not opening up. And if they don't open up, the penalties can eventually lead to a loss. So therefore, they have the incentive that they have to go for the escapes. you go for escapes. Exposure is there. You're either going to escape or you now give opportunities for the person that's in offense. So, just something to chew on. I just was thinking about that after the CGI 2 matches were going on. Uh but yeah, that's that. I'll talk to you guys next time. [Music]