Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, one of the questions that get gets asked to me all the time is, "What kind of lifting do I like to do for jiu-jitsu? What's the best lifting for jiu-jitsu? What's the best lifting that I should do to support my jiu-jitsu?" So, I'm going to share the lifting style that I like doing. I've been doing the last 5 years. Um, but I will be honest with you guys, I don't lift for jiu-jitsu specifically. I think it's kind of a bad idea. I lift for other reasons, which I'll [music] explain in a minute. But, I have gotten a lot of benefits for jiu-jitsu and a lot of carryover for jiu-jitsu. I'll explain what that is. And uh so join with me today as I get one of my uh lifting days in and I'll explain a couple ideas with you. So as I'm getting warmed up, I'll explain kind of my focus on lifting. First off, like I said, it's not jiu-jitsu first, right? For me, when it comes to lifting, first is injury prevention. I want to lift in a way that makes my body strong and healthy [music] and protects me from injury because I feel like if I'm not getting injured all the time, I'm going to be able to train consistently and that's going to make me better [music] in jiu-jitsu, right? which has been a uh a idea that I had and it was it came to be true. Second sort of focus for me. Second importance is aesthetics. I want to look good with my clothes off and when I'm naked in front of my wife. Simple thing, right? So I want to look good. Third is I just want to feel good and feel mentally sharp. For me [music] after a workout like I feel mentally better physically. My body feels nice and loose. Like even the work that I do, I was talking to one of my guys about this last night. [music] I don't feel mentally sharp until after a workout of some sort, whether that's jiu-jitsu, lifting, or even if it's like a rest day, I'll take the dog for a long walk. And then after all those three things, right, feeling good, being, you know, uh physically uh healthy without injury, and looking good, then it comes down to performance, right? And then it goes to what kind of performance or carryover value I'm getting for the sport that I'm doing. [clears throat] And so for me, the way that I think about it is if I'm strong, if I'm not getting injured, if I feel good, if I'm able to train consistently, then it's going to be easy to carry that over to jiu-jitsu. Right? If I'm strong and healthy, I will figure out how to use the strong and healthy body and convert it to jiu-jitsu with [music] technique. Now, that said, there have been a couple things that have really carried over to my jiu-jitsu in a big way over the last 5 years since I've been working with my coach. So, I started getting my lifting routines made by my coach Eli back in 2020. [music] Um, you know, I just wanted to try something new. Before that, like when I was young, I had done things like when I was my like when I was in my early 20s, I like 255, I was doing [music] like strongman and powerlifting, just doing as heavy as I could. Um, cuz that's where I was mentally. Then later on, I did CrossFit [music] and you did the crazy workouts and, you know, the functional fitness that it said that it [music] was. I think it just turned into a sport and a lot of people doing really sloppy reps at times. Not always, but in a lot of cases. And I think for jiu-jitsu, it's just too much. I saw so many people get injured trying to do CrossFit and jiu-jitsu, but you know, not everybody. So, if you like CrossFit, I'm not saying anything. Um, but with what we're doing here or what Eli started to have me do was basically cuz it's what I wanted to do was basically more bodybuilding style hypertrophy, nothing crazy. [music] But with that said, there's been a few different benefits I've had from it. So, first off is going to be the use of these slow repetitions [music] where we're moving the weight, getting full range of motion, [sighs] [screaming] and we're focused on slowing the rep range down. Maybe having a little little pause here at the bottom. And at the same time, the rep range is higher than what I was doing before. So, what's been useful about it? Well, first off, those slow eccentrics, think about it this way. When I was younger, everything was just like if I was lifting, it was like and with a bench press. If it was a squat, we're squatting down, bouncing out of the bottom. Everything was really fast. And think about this from jiu-jitsu. Like how often are you doing one big massive push? Probably not too often unless you're getting destroyed on the mats, right? That's your desperation push. But how often are you doing something like a like holding here or having someone push and you're having to frame and push from here or even having to do multiple pushes, right? All the time. That's jiu-jitsu every day. So, doing those slower eentrics, pauses at the bottom, those gave me strength in particular places that I wasn't uh I didn't have it before and got me stronger there. Now, because the rep range is a little higher and the the eccentrics are slower, the weight has to drop. So, when you slow the reps down and you increase the rep range, what does that do? Well, you got to drop the weight. Well, now you're lifting less weight, [music] which for me, being an older guy, right? And again, I know some of you guys here, you're older than me and you're like, "Chew, you're only 40, whatever. I've got my AAP card." Look, man, I've been doing grappling for 20s something years, you know, kind of, what's the word? It sort of uh ages you a little differently, right? I've been grappling since I was [music] in my teenage years. And so, I'm old by athletic standards. I'm old enough now that for the most part in any other sport I'd be retired already. But for some reason in jiu-jitsu still ticking, right? So anyway, by lowering the weight, I've been able to lift more often and have less wear and tear in my joints. Right? So back in the day when I was lifting a little bit heavier, golly, man, every time I would do a lift, I would just feel it afterwards. Like um you know, if I was doing squat days and everything else, I just didn't feel good. that it's like I I you know I lifted I felt you know got stronger or whatever but my body felt it more with the lifting style that I'm doing now I can lift like this [music] multiple days a week four days a week no issues and uh again I've had almost no issues [music] where it affects my jiu-jitsu because I don't want to lift and then take away from my ability to do jiu-jitsu [music] I can do this um lift in the mornings and then I can do jiu-jitsu at night no issues whatsoever and the last thing that I kind of got from it was because the plan was focused on the muscles, right? Like getting full range of motion, right? Everybody's seen some guy at the gym doing like a bro squat like this because you're so focused on getting full range of motion to really stretch those muscles out to get the most from the muscles. The thing that I noticed, and again, I didn't intend for this to happen, was I got more mobile, flexible, whatever you want to call it, especially with my squats, because what you're doing is you're forcing your body into the position. You're forcing your body to build strength there. A lot of times when people think of a flexibility issue, they almost always think, "Oh, the muscle is just really tight. I got to stretch it out." But in a lot of cases, it's a strength issue and your body can form a muscle tightness [music] in an area where it's weak to prevent you from going there because it's like, "Look, we don't have any strength here. We got to like keep you out of that space." [music] And I remember especially from doing like slow squats where, you know, I'm doing a 3 to 5 second eccentric on a squat, pausing at the bottom, and then coming up back out of it. doing that instead of just simply getting to the bottom and bouncing out real fast, [music] I got a lot stronger in those those positions I wasn't used to. And I found that my knees and my legs felt better, right? Like I remember my late 20s, I felt there were times where I literally would crack and pop just walking around the house when I was waking up in the morning. Like now 40 years old, like over 10 plus years later, I can wake up in the morning, I can squat down just fine, no issues. And that's with two knee surgeries. I've had I had a meniscus surgery in this when I was 19. I've had a miniscus surgery in this one when I was 29. And again, [music] my knees feel better than they did 10 years ago. And again, I think a big part of that is doing, you know, less weight, but doing full range of motion with these exercises. And again, adding in that slow eentric and those pauses [music] have been really helpful. And so again, I'm just sharing it with you guys. A lot of times you ask about what my favorite lifts are for jiu-jitsu. It's I don't lift for jiu-jitsu. [music] I lift to keep my body strong and healthy and to look good, to feel good. And then if those are in check, I think my jiu-jitsu is going to benefit from it. That's how I look at it. Um, I do do some specific stuff like upper back work like to help pull my shoulders back so that you know again in jiu-jitsu we're always squeezing so we develop these overly tight pecs. Helps fight [music] against those. Um, but other otherwise that's the idea. Also, just sort of shameless plug if you guys want to check it out. [music] Me and my coach Eli, we put together a whole program for basically lifting and balancing it with jiu-jitsu, the whole deal. If you want to check it out, it's down below. We called it the swallow and [music] roll program. If you want to check it out, it's basically how to balance jiu-jitsu with lifting. If you don't, no big deal. You can simply do whatever program you have now and you can start implementing this idea of like slow eccentrics 3 [music] second eccentrics a pause at the bottom followed by a nice forceful concentric or where you're pushing the weight up um that sort of thing. So very helpful and again you can do these with your bench presses and pushes or your rows and your pulls or your squats. It doesn't matter. So hopefully that's useful to you guys if you were interested [music] in the type of lifting that I'm using or I found beneficial especially as I get older and older uh into grappling. And talk to you next time. Hey, hey, hey. [music]