Kind: captions Language: en You've never come across something like this. &gt;&gt; What up, guys? So, today's video is just going to be a fun one. So, I recently have gotten targeted by Instagram and the algorithm. Um, all the alpha bros, right? And I think this is because I find this stuff entertaining. I have a laugh. I have a few buddies. I'll send the videos to them and we'll laugh about them together. Uh, because it's so ridiculous, right? But recently, all these videos have that I've been seeing have reminded me of the I just see red and bodies drop guy. right now. That guy is a stereotype and it's a meme, but they're 100% real. &gt;&gt; People who just handle business. They don't have to learn to fight. There's a difference between fighters and violent people. &gt;&gt; Talk to any longtime MMA gym owner or BJ gym owner and they will tell you they've seen this person come into their gym plenty of times, right? Um, and that's what all these Alpha bro remind me of cuz it's like they're saying, "Oh, I beat up 30 guys. I've taken on not one, not two guys. I fought 30 guys at the same time and they couldn't take me out. &gt;&gt; Jiu-jitsu doesn't work on me. &gt;&gt; If a pro fighter took did his jiujitsu on him, then the guy's going to come back and duct tape his family, okay? &gt;&gt; So forth and so on. &gt;&gt; Pro fighters are &gt;&gt; Um, and it's all so ridiculous. Like I remember this one guy, he was like 250 lbs. He comes into our gym and my I remember my wife was working up at the front desk at the time and she sort of relayed this back to me. He comes up there and he's like sitting there talking to her and he's talking about how strong he is and how most people are just they're not ready for his strength when he grabs them and you know he was looking at the MMA guys practice and he said I would love to do that but I just don't know if I don't want to hurt anybody you know now my wife listening to this is kind of you know rolling her eyes a little bit but she said oh well don't worry about it you know our coaches they'll keep everybody safe so you should try it out sometime whatever she's a little sweeter than I would have been but anyway he goes on talking about how strong he is to her I I think maybe he was trying to hit on her a little bit. And then, you know, it's funny is I saw him in the gym, our weight room, like the next day, and he's lifting weights and he's not lifting what a strong 250 lb guy uh would be lifting. But nonetheless, he eventually does make it out to one of our MMA training sessions and pukes. One of our 150 guys he's rolling with just yakked afterwards, right? So, he saw all the red that he wanted to. All his strength he had meant absolutely nothing, right? And so again, I see this over and over and we've had so many guys like that um who have come into the gym over the years just like that dude. Um I remember one guy and this is kind of similar, right? Because the the I don't see or I see red guy sort of makes me think of arrogant, insecure/delusional and there's like a spectrum there. One of the ones that was more on the delusional side was years ago we had a guy come into the gym Saturday afternoon. I'm training and this guy comes in and says, "Hey man, I I want to like dedicate my life to training. I'm ready to be the next UFC champion. Now, this guy's not in good shape. He's 32 years old. And I'm like, you know, bro, like that's probably not going to happen. But you know what? If you want to come train, come train and we can start there. Maybe we can get you some fights. You know, maybe you get good enough to where you can fight, you know, maybe mid-level pro, get some money if you want to, whatever. Not going to be the next UFC champion at 32 starting with no experience, no athleticism, no nothing, right? He comes in and trains with us on Monday. Does the jiu-jitsu class. We don't go too hard during the rolling cuz he's pretty pretty winded from it. Goes to his boxing and you know, everything seems fine. And then I'm getting ready to have my lunch and I'm making a little bit of coffee and I've got my little French press going and my uh business partner Joe, I hear him yell Chewy. He screams from the side of the gym and I just think he like you. It's almost like a married couple like what does he want? You know, I'm like what Chewy? He's just hollering at me. What? What does he want? So, I walk around and I remember as soon as I walk around the corner to see our boxing area, I see this guy, the the next UFC champion and he's laid out on the ground and my buddy Joe, my business partner, is giving him chest compressions. Like, oh crap, this guy's dying now. You know, long story from there, but luckily the guy lived, he's fine. Uh my buddy Joe saved him, but one we found out later on that he lived and all that stuff, but he had a hole in his heart. He had like this heart condition that he knew about, right? It was like a legit thing. He knew about the heart condition. It wasn't like a whatever. It was a known thing. And so we changed our waiver from there from that point on. Um but it was like, dude, you knew you had a heart. You're not going to be the next UFC champion, right? Like you needed to start way differently and it would have been better if we could have done that versus putting you through all the classes if you weren't even in the shape to do it. And so you see these people and these alpha bros remind me of this. They're like arrogant, insecure, delusional, somewhere in that spectrum, right? And they talk about how tough they are and everything else and how regular fighting just doesn't need they don't need it because they've never lost a fight and they're so tough, you know? It's it's so ridiculous. It's all these guys who, you know, have like the the coaching programs, but they've never actually built a business other than selling you how to run a business or how to coach. Anyway, that's my thoughts, but I figured it'd be fun to share that, right? We could all kind of have a laugh at it because it's also ridiculous. But what do you guys have? If any of you guys are coaches especially, do you have crazy delusional like I just see red guys coming to your gym? And if you're a student, have you ever seen someone do that? Have you ever seen the like I just see red guy or the crazy delusional person who's like oh this stuff doesn't work on me come into your gym at some point? If so, drop your comments and your thoughts down below. I'll come and read them later on. Um but I'm curious to see your experiences. But anyway, that's uh that's the video today. Just wanted to have some fun with you guys today and laugh at the ridiculousness of the uh the alpha broke culture of the internet. And uh if any of you guys are younger fellas, for dear god's sake, just don't don't pay attention to that stuff. That that should not be your like like that that is not the goal, my friend. Um but anyway, talk to you guys next time. &gt;&gt; Prighters are [Music]