Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, here is a tip that I was sharing with some of my students. And this is one that I see a lot of newer competitors make a mistake with, or even a lot of people who are kind of casual grappling competitors. And when I say that casual grappling competitor, I mean people who, you know, you train jiu-jitsu, you know, you enjoy it, and then every now and then you'll suit up for a competition, right? Here's a mistake that I see a lot of people make. They don't actually like for point-based competitions, by the way. Okay? When you are rolling in those particular situations and you're trying to score, you don't get the points for the actual sweep or the guard pass, you get the points for what you do afterwards, right? I'll give you an example. Let's say me and Marvin are going. Go to your knees here for me, Marvin. And let's say that I begin to go for a sweep on Marvin. I knock him over and sweep him to the ground, right? I just swept him over, but he pops right back up to his knees real quick. Boom. I didn't get points. Okay. Likewise, come on down on your back. If I'm passing Marvin's guard, so his legs are in front here, right? And I get around and I begin to pass and I get past him, but he quickly gets around, regards, and now we're back in front again. No points. So again, when you score in a point-based competition in the guard passing battle, whether it be a sweep or a guard pass, you get points when you hold the position afterwards. That's what's really important. And that seems like such a small thing, but I'll show you what I mean. I I I saw this several times when I was competing at one of the IB Jeffs and ADCC tournaments this earlier this year. Um, and a lot of times you'll see it in gyms where come here real quick. Let's say that we're sweeping. I might go for some sort of sweep here and my partner sometimes will just sort of let me come up or I'll just sort of come up and stop and not do much of anything else. Or likewise, you'll see this sometimes where the person is passing and once they get on top here, if they're doing a situational drill where they're just trying to pass guard, they'll just stop or the person on the bottom instead of trying to do secondary defenses like rolling to turtle or fighting for something uh to, you know, fight against the actual pin here, they'll just give up. So, here's the idea to chew on. If you compete in a jiu-jitsu competition with points, the guard passing battle is one of the most important parts of it, right? And when I say guard passing battle, I mean the the battle between the bottom person trying to go for a sweeper submission and the top person trying to go for a guard pass. It's really crucial to win that. Most matches, if you watch them, are won and lost in pointbased competitions in that area. Because think about it, if let's say if we're doing an IBGF style competition for instance, if you're really good at takedowns and I'm not, I can just pull guard and then your way to score your first points is going to be to pass to either get to the back or get to side control or mount. Likewise, I'm going to try to go for the sweep. And once you're in a situation in a point-based competition where you're where you've scored and that person is down points, there's a certain pressure that's exerted on the person who is down points because of the fact that they're now in a situation where the clock's ticking, they're losing, and they have to be more panicky, not as methodical. They can't set things up like they would want to, and it creates a scramble. And I remember reading a um some guy did a breakdown of the points and the wins and all the stuff at a particular big competition and it showed that right it was around 70 or 80% of the matches were won by the person who scored first. And so you want to be good with the points. And so here's a quick idea for you that you can implement when you're training. Okay? You may not do this and that might be a thing but you can still do this um you know even if you're not doing the situational rolling. Let's say that I sweep Marvin. &gt;&gt; As I'm sweeping Marvin, the sweep is just irrelevant. If we're sweeping, we want to make sure that as soon as I'm sweeping, I want to get up and I want to chase this person down and keep them on their back and not let them get up to their turtle or whatever it is. Right. So, as an example right here, I want Marvin give me like try to scramble away from me a little bit once I once I get you in the back here. So, he gets up here. I want to chase him down. Years ago, I was with a wrestler, really tough wrestler, D1 guy, and um you know, super super strong. And I remember it was one of those things where I would sit him on his hip with a gu with a sweep and he would just pop back up and run away from me. And I remember that was like a lesson I had to learn. I had to chase this guy down. You have to do the same with your your training partners. Likewise, on the other end of it, when you get swept, understand that when the person knocks you over, they haven't scored yet. And if you're going to compete in pointbased competitions, it's a pretty good idea to scramble. So let's say that Marvin gets swept onto his hip. Sometimes people will just kind of go, "Oh man." And they let the person come up. A person who's going to be more intelligent might do something like kick this leg back and scramble back up and get away back up to his knees to stop that particular guard sweep. Right? Likewise, if he's passing my guard, if I feel him passing, I can get up to turtle. there's no guard pass yet, right? And I can try to reguard. Okay? And likewise for him, when he's passing that guard, he needs to make sure that he's ready to try to pin me down and hold me for a solid three count. And so those are some basic things that you can train in your gym during your regular rolling sessions. You just want to make sure that one, [snorts] when you're rolling, if the person is sweeping you and you feel your body losing balance, instead of just going with it and just sort of flopping back and being lazy with your jiu-jitsu, which is what a lot of jiu-jitsu people do, you want to try to scramble and stay up on top or try to get back up to your feet. Even a turtle position is fine. Likewise, if you're the person that's sweeping, make sure that when you come up, don't accept the person to be a lazy jiu-jitsu person. Make sure as soon as they are coming down to the mat and you feel them falling, get up and chase them down and make sure you pin them to the ground. Likewise, when someone's passing you, when you feel that feeling of your arms and sort of collapsing as that person's coming down, make sure you start trying to scramble away to a turtle position or something else besides just laying back and letting the person flatten you out. And then finally, when you are passing someone's guard, make sure that as soon as you pass their guard, pin the crap out of them for at least a solid three count to train yourself so that when you go to these point-based competitions, you're not giving up easy points to someone and you're also making sure that you secure your points when it's time for you to score. So, that's a really simple tip. I was sharing it with some of my uh newer guys at the gym last week when we were going over some guard passing stuff or some sweeping stuff, excuse me, uh with our sort of curriculum in our gym. And so, hopefully that helps you out, guys. Thanks for watching the video. I'll talk to you next time. [music]