Kind: captions Language: en So, I got a question from a 45-year-old blue belt who's making like it has to be like the number one mistake that older grapplers make when it comes to the mindset of training. It's something they make in the beginning and it's even something where guys like me who've been training for a really long time, we're pretty good at jiu-jitsu, we make it, too. I think it's one of the biggest traps we can get into as we get older and we're grappling in our gyms. And so, I got the question, it was a long question and the same thing has come up a bunch of my Master's Vault program, which is a coaching program I have. And so, I'm going to tell you about what it is and how to deal with it. So, this way if you're an older grappler, you can avoid from having this completely ruin your enjoyment of jiu-jitsu and your ability to progress in it. You're going to have to excuse me, but it's a beautiful day outside and I don't want to be inside all day long doing videos. So, we're going to go outside to the property and uh I'm going to take my Obi out for a little bit of a walk. So, what's this issue that I'm talking about? Well, the issue kind of stems to sort of the myth of jiu-jitsu, which is that technique will overcome all physical obstacles and challenges that we face. I've got his toys and he's like, "I'm ready for you to throw them." But, it's this myth of jiu-jitsu that says that we can overcome all obstacles and physical issues if we just have better technique. And uh the myth is kind of Good boy. Now, what does this have to do with older grapplers, that sort of thing, right? We're talking about the myth of jiu-jitsu. Well, so there's this idea that people share, right? That comparison is the thief of joy, but in when it comes to jiu-jitsu, we're doing an art that is all about Drop it. That's literally all about comparing your results against another human being, right? Cuz how do you know whether or not your technique's working? Well, you use it against someone. So, going back to the idea though, the rub is that you have to make sure that you do the comparison the right way. So, going to the idea about physical limitations and so forth, we would probably agree, I imagine you and I, if there was a 110-lb woman, we would not expect her to be that effective if they were going 100% against a 290-lb man of similar skill and athleticism. Would you agree? I mean, I just seems like it would make sense, right? You could say the same thing for a 110-lb man against a 290-lb man, it's not going to make much of a difference. There's a physical limitation that's going to be hard to overcome. If the person has no training whatsoever, then sure, you can sort of get over things. Well, this also applies when you have younger training partners. So, you maybe you're 200-lbs each, but this guy's half your age. And so, this creates a problem because I don't think of comparison as a bad thing in jiu-jitsu, I think it's about calibrating, right? What you're doing is you're testing things out, you're getting results and then you're calibrating those techniques against another human being. The issue is that sometimes you're calibrating against people that you shouldn't. I planned to do the whole video out here just to whatever, but then I just looked at the time, I'm like, "Oh, crap. Um I've got to get ready for training." So, I've got to go eat some food, get my pre-workout meal in and then I'm going to get ready to go get some training in. Uh he's going to tinkle. Uh that's what's going on. Because I know someone's going to ask me like what my pre-workout meal is cuz that always I don't know why that comes up. People think that there's some sort of magic meal that you eat before jiu-jitsu that you don't eat the rest of the time. So, it's pretty simple. Basically, high protein, high carbs, moderate amounts of fat, but this one's going to be big clump of rice. This is seasoning, by the way, in case you're curious what that is. And then, when I heat up my chicken, I put it in the air fryer with a little bit of seasoning. The air fryer seems to make it less chewy, but if you meal prep and then you reheat your chicken in a microwave or whatever, it always has like a chewier consistency, whereas if I put it in the air fryer, it gets crispy on the outside and it's still good on the inside. And I'll just put a little seasoning around on it and that usually does the trick. And then, some cooked spinach. I know I posted a video a couple of years ago about me eating cooked spinach and people freaked out like, "Oh, it's terrible for you. You're cooking out all the nutrients." You do whatever you want to. My blood work looks great. I'm healthy, so I'll keep doing what I'm doing. But, this is pre-workout meal and I'll have a little bit of fat, you probably either from oil or from avocado. And uh right now it's like 4:30 and I'll be training at be teaching around 6:00, be rolling around probably about 6:30, 6:45. So, now that I'm done training, let's get into this idea a little bit more. Here's a really good example of me messing this up, you know, messing up this idea of comparison and calibration, right? Remember leading up to the 2022 Nogi Worlds, I remember rolling with my student Brandon Reed. He was getting better by leaps and bounds. He's also a hell of a wrestler and an athletic freak. I mean, he's he's a lot of things rolled into one, he's a perfect storm. And I'm at this point struggling to deal with him. It's taken everything that I can to deal with him and sometimes he's getting the better of me. And in my head, I'm thinking like, "Am I getting worse? This What's going on with me? Why don't Why do I feel like I'm losing a step? Am I just getting so old that now I'm starting to decline and that's just what's going to happen?" Obviously, I dashed those ideas because I have to remind myself, "Hey, you know, this guy's like 24, 25 at the time." Later on, I went to Nogi Worlds that year and won it, had a damn good run, won the gold medal, took third in the open. So again, I was satisfied with my performance, did pretty damn well. So, it was a reminder to me, "Oh, yeah. Again, Brandon's not a 35, 36, 37-year-old black belt." When you go with people of same size, similar age and everything else, like you're one of the better guys out there. I've also talked to a lot of you who are getting into jiu-jitsu and you're newer and again, you're older, you're 30, 40, 50, whatever it is, and you're in these gyms or in situations where you're going with younger people and it can be frustrating as hell because you're trying, you're going to the gym, you're doing everything you can, but then when you run up to these young ass dudes, they're still getting the better of you and it makes you feel like you're not getting any better. And again, this is such a bad thing to do. You have to calibrate based on similars. Again, in judo and wrestling, they don't have this issue because they don't have this mistaken myth that, you know, I mean, judo actually gave us the idea cuz it was used in judo, but typically speaking, when you're in a competitive room, you will not have people going with these huge weight differences because they understand physicality is really, really important. Your size, your strength, your age, all these things factor into it. There is no myth about, you know, you could be the frail, weak person who just somehow overcomes people with, you know, technique. This is my frail, weak person. I don't know what I'm I don't know what I'm doing. And so, you typically, if you go into a wrestling room, for instance, you will not see someone who's 110-lbs going with someone that's 250. Doesn't happen, right? Not saying it never happens, but typically doesn't happen. And so, one of the most important things to avoid this trap of getting frustrated and getting angry because you're comparing yourself to young people or whatever, is to not think of comparison in jiu-jitsu as comparison cuz we're not worried about how good they're doing, we're worried about how good we're doing. And what you're trying to do is you're thinking of all of this as calibration. When something gets stuffed, when someone stops your takedown, when someone shuts your submissions down or whatever it is, when things get shut down or even when they work, you're just basically getting data. What is the data telling you? And then you look at the data and you say, "Okay, what can I do to improve upon this? What positions am I struggling with? What kind of trends am I seeing?" Just data to help you calibrate your game. That's all it is, nothing more, nothing less. And the most important data that you can get to calibrate is against people of similar skill level, size and age. Now again, if you go with someone that's young and you beat them up and if you go with someone that's bigger and you're able to to beat them up, great. It's fine. That's a that's like sort of the the cherry on top, but again, it's really hard to understand your game and how it's actually performing when you're going against people who can basically run roughshod over well-executed technique with just physical size, strength, and age. Now, I know I've been giving you the sort of the mindset to take to it, right? Where we're not going to judge ourself and we're going to calibrate ourselves with people of the same age and all that other stuff, right? But, I did want to give you an actual tip on what you can do to deal with younger grapplers if you are a little bit on the older side. And when I say older in grappling, I'm talking like 30 and up. Not young by living standards necessarily, but when you're talking about athletics, 30 years old is typically when people are if they're a professional athlete, they're starting to look around at retirement options, right? So, again, a lot of us in jiu-jitsu are in it, we're older, we're having a great time, we can still get a lot better. So, here's the idea for you. If you are going to try to get one up on your younger training partners, it's important that you choose your techniques wisely, my friend. You don't want to be choosing the wrong techniques for the wrong situation. As an example, I do a lot of stand-up passing with a lot of misdirection and things like that where you're moving around a lot. Um it involves a bit of speed and that sort of thing and finesse. That is not the type of passing that I use when I'm going with younger guys. Why? Because it creates a lot of scrambles and it uses a lot of energy and speed. And again, if I'm the slower person, what I want to rely on more is connections. And so, when I go against younger people, and I have to do this a lot, especially when I'm going to seminars and things like that and I'm rolling with lots and lots of people one after the other, I don't have it in me to roll with all those people like a bat out of hell. Used to, not anymore. And so, I will focus on positions with a lot more connection. So, for instance, if I'm passing, I'm doing what I I call it my old man guard passing style. If you guys want to check it out, I've got a whole uh course on it, a whole program on it. But basically, getting into positions like half guard and getting chest to chest and doing these positions where I have a firm connection against people. Going back to my buddy Brandon Reed, I remember the last time we were rolling from that position, I remember him telling me that it felt like he was drowning, which I really like I took that as a damn compliment because um he's tough as hell. But then afterwards, he got up and then, you know, my old ass was hanging on to survive. If you want to get my old man guard passing series, you can check the description down below. It'll give you all the details. And then on the guard, you're thinking about positions that have connection that aren't creating a lot of scrambles. You know, for me, I'm always trying to bring the person down to the ground and then getting into a half guard or butterfly or sometimes even a closed guard. Just something where there's a a nice firm attachment and the person can't scramble and run around. There's nothing worse for me, as far as wearing me out, than having the young guy run around me in an open guard position or something like that. So, again, those are some ideas, right? Look for positions with connection with a lot of connections that move a little bit on the slower side. Again, I gave you some ideas there and I've like got a program on the passing side of it if you want to check it out. Really useful. A lot of people that I've shown that to, they really enjoy that passing style. So, that's the video today. Hopefully that helps you out. Again, if you're an older grappler, don't make that mistake. You don't ever sort of get past this completely. It always kind of creeps its head up every now and again. And so, you just want to kind of keep it in the back of your head, right? Again, if you're getting frustrated on the mat, compare yourself to people of similars. It's really really helpful as you get older because at the end of the day, nature plays this cruel joke on us, right? Where in our head, we feel like the same person we've always been, but then in reality, we obviously feel like it's something's changed. Something is different. Hopefully that helps you guys out and I'm done talking. Talk to you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]