Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? Today we got a question from Kyle who is in Jiu-Jitsu and he's doing decent with a defense on his stand up. He's able to, you know, sprawl and stop a lot of the take downs and he feels relatively comfortable on the feet, but he says he's not able to initiate any offense. And so he sent me the message to ask if I have any tips on how to initiate some offense and how to become more offensive with the stand up game and his wrestling and his take downs and things like that. And so yeah, brother, I have some ideas and I'll show you probably I think it's probably one of the biggest mistakes that most people make in Jiu-Jitsu, especially if you've never wrestled before, you've never done Judo. Um, very common. Uh, one of the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to take downs and stand up and uh, I'll I'll show you guys that and hopefully this helps you out, Kyle, and anybody else that's having this trouble. Trust catch. Hey, hey, hey, he didn't even know I was going to do it to you. My man. Let's get started. All right, guys. So let's take a look at this mistake and I'm going to do this and I'm going to illustrate this first and then I'll talk about uh, two simple take downs that I have tutorials on on the channel that you can check out if you want to, right? So here's like the problem that you'll see from a lot of people. And again, this is gear nogi. This is not specific where we're in gears, but it can be done in either ones. Okay? What you'll see a lot of times is this. Let's say that the match starts. Just gripping for no damn reason. Have no idea what you're doing. You're just gripping to grip, right? Now imagine, let's sort of take this back to the ground because most Jiu-Jitsu people feel fairly comfortable um, on the ground, right? Let's say I get into my guard. Come on in here, Marvin. So we we slap hands, we bump fists, we're competing, we're rolling, we're whatever. I'm not going to &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Some of you guys are probably going to comment be like, "Hey, that's me." Um, you know, so what I'm getting at here is that people just grip for They don't even know why they're all the gripping on the feet. Now on the ground, what do we do? we think, "Okay, I'm going to get a cross collar. I'm going to get the sleeve. I'm going to go for this thing." But then on the feet, all that goes out the window and they're just all over the place. And a lot of times this is due to inexperience. This is true. Um, but what you have to think about is when you're on the feet, just like everywhere else, the gripping battle is huge. To me, the gripping battle's probably one of the most important, if not the most important thing, because if you get grips, you can get your move. If you don't have the grips you need, you don't get the move you want, right? So we have to think about what do we want, right? So let's start off with a a cross collar to a knee pick, which is a really simple take down in the gear to illustrate this, right? So if I'm thinking that I want a cross collar to a knee pick here and I'm going to snap this guy down, take this leg here and take him down, then when I'm gripping him, everything is centered around me going here and here, right? In a situation, by the way, where I have two strong grips on him and he has either none or at the best one, right? I'm winning that grip battle, okay? So you have to think about that. So let's say that we were gripping here, right? I might grab here and I'm moving around, but ultimately, this is what I'm after. And I'm not worried about anything else until I get to this, okay? That's what I'm going to try to get to, okay? As an example. Another one would be a snatch single leg. Just again, as an example, really simple take downs that I talk about a lot because they're very simple. And again, if you're asking a take down question like this, you're probably relatively new to Jiu-Jitsu, right? Or at least new to the take down stuff. So another really simple one, right? Could be a snatch single leg. We can go here, set up, bang, pick it up. Very safe, very effective, you know, at any level. Okay. Well then that says that I need a wrist control or sleeve control and I'm going to want a collar or maybe an inside tie here, right? Okay, perfect. Then everything that I'm doing is to get to that, right? And so we might start with different grips here, but ultimately, I'm not worried about it until I get to this, right? So I I have a destination that I'm working to. That's really important with grips. You kind of know where you're going. Now, look, as you become more like proficient with take downs and everything else, you will start to improvise. Your body will intuitively figure things out and you'll do things that maybe your coach or you've never really done or shown before because your body, you know, it's it's that uh, Charlie Parker quote, right? It's like you you master the instrument and you master the music and then you forget all that and you just play music, right? Eventually, that's what happens with Jiu-Jitsu. Like you you try to master these different techniques and positions and you take all the information in and then you're just playing at some point. But in the beginning, it's really helpful to be like, "I need a cross a straight collar and a wrist or I need a cross collar and a sleeve." Okay? Another thing that goes along with this grip battle is watching and seeing what they're giving you, right? So going back to these two take downs, right? This is another mistake uh, that people make is that they don't read what the person's giving you. So [snorts] for instance, let's say that I wanted a I've like those are my two take downs. We're going to use this scenario. I'm really good at either the the knee pick or the the the snatch single leg here. All right, so I'm looking at this situation, I can read his body. He's leading with his left and I'm reading with my right, which means that if I want to snatch single leg, I want to have this foot on the outside to initiate, right? It's a basic single leg. Perfect. Well then he's he's lined up for me. I don't need to do the the the knee pick here because if I want to get to the knee pick, I've really got to yank him hard to get that leg forward. If he's here, well then heck, all I've got to do is right into it. Maybe get him to step a little bit. But on the flip side, switch it up for me. Maybe I'm trying to get the snatch single leg or and he's not giving me that foot. Well then he's giving me that leg. Now I'm stepping here to get this to come forward, right? I'm reading the person's body, okay? There's a lot of that goes into that, too, where, you know, I can tell like just as we're talking about this. Let's say that Marvin's weight is very heavy on his lead leg and he's bending a bit. Likely chance he's going to shoot, right? If you see a person that's like this, there's a good chance they're thinking about shooting. However, if the person's far more upright, well they're not they're not shooting, right? And so I might read that to their body. But again, kind of going back to it. I'm starting to ramble at this point, giving you a few things to chew on. The biggie is understanding the grips that you want. So Kyle and anybody else that's having trouble being offensive with your take downs, I hope that helps you. Look, make your menu smaller. Focus on something very specific. Yes, you might have to adapt and improvise. That's fine, but it's really helpful to have that destination, to know what you're after, to know what you're looking for and trying to make that one thing happen. Especially if you're not used to the position, we want to try to make everything a little bit more focused rather than just sort of playing around and seeing what happens. Uh, and again, I find that a lot of times the reason why people are very they lack offense is what we'll say uh, with take downs is because if I ask them, "Hey, what are you gripping for?" They don't really know. But then when we get on the ground, they have a very elaborate system of sweeps and guard passes and submissions, but then on the feet, they don't. So you want to have that same thing uh, on on the feet as well. And I have a ton of videos showing you specific tutorials uh, on the channel cuz someone said in a recent video, they said, "Chewie, you talk a lot, but you don't give a lot of value." You know, and uh, which is is fair. You might say that, but again, there's tons of videos in here with technical stuff. But hey, I I I would sort of bet some of you guys would probably say this that you have watched a ton of how-to instructional videos and you haven't done anything with it, right? But if we can get you in the right mindset, then it can be a little bit more helpful. So what I'm trying to get you to do mindset wise right now, which to me there's a value to, is find a take down that you think you can hit, that you want to work on, that you can drill, that you can practice in your gym, roll, whatever you want to do, and then get really focused on using that damn thing over and over again, right? That's how you get better with this stuff. Repetition. Try it out during live rolling, use it during drills, whatever you want to do, but use that information, put it to work. So anyways, that's the idea. Hopefully that helps you, Kyle, and everybody else. Talk to you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]