Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, in this video, I'm going to show you why your guard breaking ability, your ability to play the top of guard might suck. Um, these are some different things that I just have noticed when I'm traveling, when I'm rolling with people, uh, in different gyms or doing seminars and things like that. When I roll with people, um, you know, I'm not the biggest full guard player, but I play it a bit. And a lot of times I'm able to take advantage of some of these mistakes that I'm going to show you in just a second. And also too, as I've shared on the channel before, the like the top of guard used to be one of my worst positions um because of the way that I played it, the way that I approached it mentally. We'll talk about all this. And so if you're a jiu-jitsu white belt or blue belt or anyone that's you know in that fundamentally that early phase of jiu-jitsu where you're building those fundamentals, building that foundation and you have trouble with that top of guard position is we'll show you some different things that you shouldn't do, some different things to avoid and help you get more from your jiu-jitsu when you're training. Let's jump into it. All right, guys. So tip number one on why your guard breaks and playing top of guard might suck is the way that you take this position mentally. So like me when I first started in jiu-jitsu, I got into jiu-jitsu primarily because I wanted to fight mixed martial arts. This is back in 2003. And so when I was inside the guard, I thought of this as like a good position. I'm on top. This was a fight. I'm punching him. But in jiu-jitsu, pretty much all of the submissions are in his court. Yes, there are some one-offs. I can do like a thrust choke and there's a few things that I can do. But when you think about this position, okay, his hips are in front of me. And if we simply flip this position upside down, we're going to go this way. Marvin, what is this people? This is mount. Is this a good position? Would you like try to rush through this position? Of course you would. You take your time and make sure you set up your escapes properly. So you want to do the same thing when you're on top in this position. You want to think about this position being a an escape. You want to think about escaping guard. You want to think about being patient. You want to think about taking your time in here, not being in a rush. This would used to be I talked about this in one of my previous videos. This used to be one of my worst positions in jiu-jitsu because I just was in a rush to get to break the guard open. I didn't respect it. You have to respect the bottom person's ability to submit you. When you do that, it will make all these other tips that I'm about to give you in a second be more effective. But with that said, you have to start with the mentality that this is an escaping position. And you got to be patient. All right. So, one of the biggest things that I see people mess up from this position as far as like what they do, not mentally, but physically, is they lean forward way too much. So, there's a great rule. I think I lifted it from JT Torres. Um, but it's called the belly button rule, right? And basically what you want to think about is that when we're on top and this person's playing different forms of guard, I don't want to lean my weight over top of his belly button. Okay? Okay. So, for instance, here, if I'm sitting back, if Marvin pulls in with his legs, go ahead. Go and really pull with your legs. Really use those legs. Big legs. Come on. You got some muscle. There it is. Nothing. No big deal. Right. Marvin lifts weights. He's a big fella. He's 240. He should be able to pull me forward. But if I just lean just a smidge over top of his belly button. There it is. Right. And you will see this all the time. Newer white belts, blue belts, I mean, you know, even some people that are higher up, you'll watch them. They're constantly leaning forward and they're constantly pulling back, being knocked off balance all the time, right? And again, maybe once or twice is not a big deal, but every time you get knocked off balance, that's a moment where your hand might be out of position. It's a moment where that person could grab on top of your neck. It's a moment where they could get into your collar. Something bad could happen eventually. So, we want to start by making sure that we try to do our best to stay behind the belly button or the belt line so we don't lean forward in this position. All right, guys. So, a big one that I see people mess up with is they don't dominate grips. So, you know, if this person gets a collar grip in here or if they get a collar tie here, right here, like right, those are problematic grips, right? I mean, you know, especially the cross collar. This is something where I don't think you should, unless you have a real clear reason as to why you're letting this happen. I don't think you should ever let someone just have a a let them accept it. let them have a cross collar because again this puts you always one step away from a submission and they've got incredible posture control right so we constantly want to be fighting that for me this is a little trick that works really well for me so you know your mileage may vary I really focus on dominating the grips and in most cases you will find that one person or a person is going to be dominant with one of their hands right they're going to constantly reach with one particular collar grip and so for most people that tends to be their right hand they reach up and so for me a lot of times one of the first grips that I'll do is I'll have my hands up here and when I see a hand reaching, I'll start to dominate that hand. For me, I'm usually going to use this to do a standing guard break. But what I do is I want to keep that hand out of the way so he's not able to get the grip that he wants because you got to think if he's gripping it, there's probably a reason, right? And so again, if he's dominant on one hand, if I can dominate that grip, that stops everything from the beginning. Instead of giving him the grip that he wants to then go to the attacks he wants, he now has to get this hand free, which puts me a step ahead of him. So dominate the grips. And then again, if the person gets the collar grip, you need to have options on how you can break this grip in different ways. So this way you don't get stuck with someone in a crossover grip. You cannot accept the grips. You have to dominate the grip battle if you're going to play and escape the full guard position. And that's another reason why your guard breaks and your top guard position might suck. What up guys? If you want to get my free focus jiu-jitsu ebook, which will give you 12 different strategies on how to improve in jiu-jitsu faster by being very deliberate and focused with your open rolling, then check the description in the links below and you can get it for free along with about it's a 20-minute video that'll give you some strategies on how to improve in jiu-jitsu faster. Let's get back to the video. All right, guys. So, on the feet, whenever we talk about our stance, right, we always talk about making sure that we're keeping our feet somewhat wide, right? Right. So, for instance, if I'm going to move here to my left, I will start by widening my stance and then getting it slightly narrow. So, it's back to normal. Right? We're here. We're here. We're here. If I go forward, right? I never bring my feet together. Right? So, if I'm walking side to side, I don't bring my feet together like this. If I'm if I'm in my stance, I'm not going to walk forward here where my feet are together. Why? Because I'm I'm my base is narrow and I'm off balance. So, I mean, if I'm, you know, rolling with someone, if I do this, they can come up and literally shove me. This is what happens inside the full guard a lot of times though. Come here real quick, Marvin. Where what people will do, and this will help you keep your weight back. What they do a lot of times is they'll do one of these low guard breaks, right? Um, which by the way, low guard breaks are fine. I I tend to prefer standing most of the time, but there's a time to use some low guard breaks. And especially when you're newer to jiu-jitsu, low guard breaks may be an easier option for you in the beginning while you're developing your balance on the mats, right? So, let's say that I'm doing a low guard break. Very common, right? We'll do the staggered hand grip. What you'll see people do a lot of times is they will lean forward. Mistake number one. And then they will bring their feet together like so. Mistake number two. So, let's take a look at it like this. Legs up, Marvin. So, they'll lean forward. They'll bring their knees together like this. So, they can step their legs back and begin to break the guard. Right? The problem with this though is watch what happens. Even if I keep my weight back like I should, if I bring my knees together, Marvin can simply post his left foot on the mat, kick his right leg up into my armpit here, and knock me off balance. And I do this all the time. I will wait for people and just see if they try to open up like if they try to open their guard, if they bring those knees together. And I see it all the time where I'll roll with people, especially newer jiu-jitsu practitioners, they'll bring their knees together. So, what we want to do instead is if we're doing one of those low breaks, stay here, Marvin. What we're going to do is we're going to start by getting wider and then narrow. Stay or not narrow, but back to normal just like we do on the feet. Right? So, really simple. We're here inside the guard. Instead of going here, we go one, two. Now, look at that. Now, the weight is right in the same exact place as we would otherwise. But from here, I can push. And at no point was I ever out of balance. Okay. So, we were able to keep our hips back and we can break the guard open. So, again, do not bring your knees close together. It's an easy way for the person to knock you off balance and get a sweep. All right, guys. So, we're in mount. Now, if you were in mount, would you just take your hand and push away like this and extend your hands and separate them from one another? Right? Would you start to push your your your arm underneath your leg and then stick this hand out? Probably not, right? It would be a dumb idea. We kind of understand that because this is his whole like focus, right? Is he's going to try to pull this arm across and try to separate the arms. Now, flip it upside down. And we're back. When we're here, fix the microphone. When we're here in this position, this is what people do sometimes, right? They they push and leave their hands way out and separated. And what does that do? Triangles, arm bars, just there. We go, right? All day. So, we have to make sure that when we're in this position, again, we're thinking about this from a defensive standpoint. I'm keeping my arms together and close and in tight. I don't want to leave my hands out extended away from my body. I don't want them to be separated from one another. Um, one of the sort of the cues that I tell my my kids students in jiu-jitsu, my uh younger younger uh students is your hands are like buddies. And when you're in a bad situation, they like being together, right? And so when we're we're in a defensive situation, we don't want our arms being separated because if you think about what he needs to do, like let's say if he gets out here and gets like a shoulder crunch, right, as an example, what is he doing? He's separating my hands from one another and this allows him to attack, right? And so just as an example, that's what he wants to have happen. If it's a triangle, he he might do a pushpull. Okay? Well, what does he do when he does the pushpull? He's pushing one arm away from the other. So why would you give him what he wants? So when you're in these positions, think about keeping your arms in tight. And if for some reason you start venturing out, try to work them back in. As long as your hands are together, you're in a better defensive situation, which is going to help us break the guard and get out of this position. All right, guys. Last one with you is that a lot of times I see from some of the newer people that I work with in jiu-jitsu um on my travels across the country and um different places in the world, they will have trouble where they get focused on one type of guard break and they don't have multiple. What I mean by this is, you know, think about it any any sort of attack that we have, any escape that we have, we try to have a couple of options. They may chain together, they may not, but we have things that we can do in case one thing stops, right? And so a lot of times I'll see where they might try to do this low break, posture gets broke down and that's all they have. They go right back to the low break and they don't have a nice standing break, right? They don't have a way to get up to their feet where they can then break the guard open. Likewise, sometimes I see where people only have a standing break and they don't have a low break. So you probably know where I'm going with this. Have multiple options for breaking the guard open. I like to have at least a different option or two from the low and a different option or two from standing. Now, I personally feel that standing is typically stronger. I feel that in most cases, the standing brakes are a bit superior. But that said, I do have some low guard brakes that I will lean on in different situations when I feel like they're advantageous for me. So, when I feel like it's the right move, I'll go for that as well. Okay. So, again, something that I think help, and again, this is pretty much true with anything. I think it's better to have at least a few options that you can lean on so that if one thing stops working, you can go to another. And I think that's true with the uh the guard breaking position. So that's another idea for you to make your guard breaks and their top of guard suck a little less. So again guys, hopefully this is helpful to you. Again, this is a really basic fundamental position. You should be able to deal with it. You should be able to escape from it. You must have that skill in jiu-jitsu to be effective. Um but again, lots of little details there. Start working these in. If you find yourself getting thrown forward, be very mindful of where your body's positioned here, really focused on dominating these grips here, have options to stand or to do a low guard break and be able to mix those up back and forth. And make sure that you approach this whole position with the mindset that this is an escape. You're in the defensive spot yourself, not them. So, hope this stuff helps you guys. Thanks for watching the videos as always. Talk to you guys next time. [Music]