Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? So today we got a question from one of my chew crew subscribers that gets my daily email, which if you guys want to get check the links down below. Um but he sent in the email to me. He will go by the name of Bob, which is the anonymous sort of alias that I give to all the questions where people don't want to uh cuz a lot of people watch the videos. They don't want to throw themselves out there for their teammates or their coaches to see. In this particular instance, it's his coach. So he says his coach recently was, you know, in the gym and he went on a long rant about how the gi is better than no gi and that the gi is more technical and it requires more skill and so forth and so on and we're just talking about all of the virtues and the benefits of the gi and then was talking and downplaying no gi. Now, he does both, but he does like no gi a little bit more. And so he sends me the message and he's just asking for my bearded opinion on what I think about the argument of gi versus no gi. So, Bob, thank you for the question. So look, bro, I've I've experienced this from the moment I started jiu jitsu back in 2003. From that point in the beginning of it, it was like everybody was supposed to bow at the altar of the kimono, right? I mean, that was the whole thing. The gi was superior, it was better, it was more technical. We had one one day of no gi and that was just sort of like, "Ah, you guys can go wrestle around." which was like usually my favorite day of training. Um but you know, we were supposed to train the gi because it was better, it was more technical. And I did, I took that that advice. I was like, "Sure, let me I'm going to do this." And looking at it from a person who grew up in that environment, who now I I train both, I train more no gi now because I find it's easier on my body than gi, but train both of them. I would tell you that I don't agree with that. I don't think that the gi is more You could say that the gi has more available stuff to it because yeah, the kimono adds a lot more complexity, we could say, because of the fact that, you know, you you have handles and stuff all over the body that you don't have in no gi. But I don't think that one requires more skill than the other. I think it requires slightly different skills, different specializations because you don't have IBJJF world champions simply dog walking people to get to the ADCC championships, right? Likewise, you don't have ADCC champions champions necessarily running over to the IBJJF world champions just cleaning house. Doesn't happen. There's different It's the same thing in essence, but there's some different specializations required, right? And I would tell you that I think in some ways I think that they're both more they require more skill in certain areas. I actually think in some respects the no gi is more technical or requires more skill than gi. Oh, how how would I say such a thing, right? That's like jiu jitsu blasphemy. As an example, one of the things that I hear all the time, one of the things I see people say all the time, is that the gi is more fun for them or they like the gi more or the gi is more technical because it's slower. You can slow people down with the grips, which makes them think more and so forth and so on. Which you can make that argument, sure. It does slow things down. No gi does have a natural base as far as pace goes, right? As far as speed. But I would tell you that you can slow things down to a great degree in no gi. You just have to know how to do it and you have to hand fight more precisely. So your hand fighting you typically have a little bit fewer options because you don't you can't feed a little pal through their legs and everything else, right? There's a lot of other stuff that you can do and some stuff you can do in no gi you can't do in gi very easily. But I would tell you that you can slow things down to a great degree in no gi. You just actually have to really know how to hand fight and position your body and only your body and you got to know how to do that precisely because you have less options. Whereas in the gi, if I want to slow things down, well, you got handles all over you. I don't even have to be picky sometimes. I can just grab onto a shoulder or a chest here. There's grips all over your body. You don't have those grips in no gi. You know, if you want to pin someone in no gi and stop them from moving, you have to learn how to do that with just your body and handles here. You don't have anything else. You can't just like lock your lapel around them and pin them. Right? And so I think in some of those cases like that where you're trying to pin someone or or lock them down and slow them down, I think that the gi or excuse me, no gi is is more technical, requires more skill to do it. Because you don't have the assistance of all those grips everywhere. On the flip side, I would tell you that like escaping escaping in in gi is far more difficult because of all the weapons and handles, right? Cuz let's say if you're working in in no gi in the back, well, all you have to worry about arm bars and some triangles and, you know, rear naked chokes and things like that. But all of a sudden the gi you have handles everywhere and you have lapels and now you have more weapons on top of that. Um likewise, getting out of say the bottom of side control or mount when someone's pinning you. That can be tough in the gi because you have handles everywhere and so your frames and everything have to be that much better because you can't simply just slippery you know, be sweaty and slippery and get out of it. And so for me as a person who does both in jiu jitsu, I don't agree with this nonsense of like, "Oh, this one's better than the other." To me, when people say that stuff, bro, it's you have this in martial arts, right? Just in general. It's like martial art versus martial art. Jeet Kune Do's better than this. Karate's better than this. Taekwondo's better than this. And there's jiu jitsu's better than this. That's kind of thing. And then within each one of those martial arts, you have this again in-fighting. We have it in jiu jitsu, right? Where it's like, "Oh, you know, Gracie jiu jitsu, we're close to the source, we're better than you." Or no, "Sport jiu jitsu, we we actually fight in a real setting, we're better than you." Or, you know, you'll say BJJ versus jiu jitsu versus American jiu jitsu or, you know, it just it keeps going. And so then you have this gi and no gi argument and people are like, "Well, the gi is better than no gi. No gi is more realistic." And they bicker with each other and argue. And I think a lot of times it's just because people to be honest with you, I think it's a lot of times when people just decide that they're not good at it and they don't want to learn how to do it. You know, cuz I'll see people who are in in the gi and then they go over to no gi and their grips are gone, right? They've they've lost their emotional support pajamas and they're frustrated by the fact they don't have those handles. So instead of taking the time to learn how to hand fight and grip with just the body, they just sort of throw their arms up as, "You know, the gi is not technical or no gi is not even technical anyway. It's better to do this. I'm going to take my ball and go home." And then you see the no gi guys where, you know, maybe they've never even done the gi and they're just like, "Ah, the gi is so stupid." da da da. Instead of simply saying, "It's not my thing." You know, you don't have to talk trash about it. It can just not be your thing. You may not want to do no gi. It doesn't mean no gi is bad, doesn't mean it's less technical, whatever. Likewise, the gi is fine, right? There's benefits to the gi. Do whatever you want to. But you see this in-fighting. And so, you know, my opinion is that I think they both have things to offer you and anybody else that wants to take part of them. I think there's benefits to both. And then I also think that a lot of times people just talk trash about one or the other because they don't want to learn how to be good at it and they're just like, "I'm going to take my ball and go home." and um instead of doing it. So that's my personal bearded opinion, brother, that you asked for. Hopefully that uh gives you a couple ideas to chew on. Um and any of you guys that come out this stop the nonsense, man. You know, like again, I don't know. You guys can do what you want, of course. It's the internet, you can talk all the trash you want to. But like go go fight with like the guys who, you know, promote like really bad martial arts advice instead of like your jiu jitsu brethren about the fact that they want to wear the kimono or they want to wear, you know, the the rash guard. It's silly. But anyway, hopefully you guys enjoyed the video. Also, if you guys want to get my daily email like Bob, then you can check the links down below and you join up, I will give you my daily email. You'll also get a free guide that I give away that goes through some basically about 12 different ideas on how to improve your jiu jitsu fast with more focused training during your open roll open rolling. It's made for people who like the 99% of people who cannot control their training. It also comes along with a video in case you don't want to actually read, you can just watch the video if that kind of content suits you. So you can check that in the links below. Appreciate you guys for watching. Talk to you next time.