Kind: captions Language: en I was the champion at this point. Oh, look at me. Oh man. Guys, so recently on Instagram, I made a post where I was talking about my MMA fights and someone posted, actually a few people posted, "Chie, I didn't even know you fought MMA and they were asking if I had any videos and I have some." So, I figured I would share a handful of videos with you guys today. I'm going to watch them with you because I haven't watched them in a long time. And my students were uh talking about this about last year. Brandon, one of my guys, and he was laughing about them because some of the stuff, as you'll see, is kind of embarrassing, kind of silly. But we're going to watch the videos. And again, I don't have even half my fights because this is the this is all before, you know, these became ubiquitous, right? I had my uh my first fight was in 2006. My last fight was in 2012. So, you know, iPhones were just starting to really like take off at that point. And but nonetheless, we're going to watch a few of my fights back when I was a thick boy and uh fighting at like the 205 weight class. And hopefully this is entertaining for you in some level and I will watch the videos with you and do some commentary as we go. All right, this first one is with uh Johnny Seek and Destroy Smith. &gt;&gt; This fighter is from Louisville, Kentucky. He stands 6' tall, weighs in at 215 lbs. He has a mixed martial arts record of one win, zero losses, and represents Highlander Fight Team. Let's give it up for Nick Alban. Nick, give your prediction on tonight's fight. &gt;&gt; I don't have predictions. Um, hopefully it's a good fight for everyone. &gt;&gt; That was my prediction. Hope it's a good fight for all of us. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] This fighter is from Franklin, Ohio. He stands 6' 1 in tall and weighs in at 214 lbs. He represents team Apocalypse and has a mixed martial arts record of three wins, zero losses. Let's give it up for Johnny Seek and Destroy Smith. Johnny, give us your prediction on tonight's fight. &gt;&gt; I'm going to do my best just to knock him out. He just better watch out for the right cross. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you guys what I think he said later um in the in the video cuz I thought he said something else. Also, this guy was from like a a non-existent team. Like you'll watch him walk down. There's no team. It's him and his buddy and I think it's like his wife or fiance was there. This is how like amateur MMA it still is in some places how it was back then. You get guys that just wanted to fight. They didn't really train and that's George Gel. He is the ref that is &gt;&gt; at the time he was, you know, in the UFC and things like that. So, it was a big deal with his right hand. So, let's see what's going to go on here. I'm about maybe I probably weigh I think I I weighed in at 215 for this match. I was about like 220. I had to cut weight. &gt;&gt; Chewy rushes across the ring and just manhandles seek and destroy against slams him on his back. Good elbow. &gt;&gt; Chewy's got him inside control. Bad position for seek and destroy to be. Tru's just manhandling mauling him. Oh, what a knee on the solar plex right hand. It's over. That's it. That quick. Seek and destroy. My students get a kick out of that because they thought they're like they thought I was trying to jump on the cage. I wasn't. I was just yelling because there was a group of people over there and I was just yelling. I don't know what I was doing. &gt;&gt; That quick that quick. Chewy came out very aggressive &gt;&gt; in that fight. Right. So like when I was in the ring, I came out first. I couldn't hear what he actually said. What I thought he said was, "I'm going to knock him out." So for me, I'm hearing I'm going to knock him out. I'm like going to I'm going to show him a knockout. So, at that point, and and you'll see this again and again where if people maybe weren't gentlemanly before the fight, I didn't touch gloves. I was like, "Okay, if that's what it is, that's what it is, right? Maybe that it's wrong of me because maybe you're just trying to put on a thing for the the crowd or whatever." But for me, I got angry because, you know, I took this thing very seriously, whatever. And then you're talking trash to me, so therefore, I'm not going to be fun to you. I'm not going to touch gloves. And so, I would touch gloves. If you were cool before, we would talk, whatever. But if if you were talking trash, you were doing that, there was no touching gloves. I was like, I'm coming across the ring and we're fighting now. This is no longer like a competition. Um, and again, every time my like my students were talking about every time like someone brings it up, they laugh at me for they thought I was trying to jump on the ring, but that I was somehow too fat. My knees were almost like I could easily throw myself over there. I just wasn't trying to. I was like just I don't know. I was just yelling what I'm doing. I'm like like 21 there, maybe. So I was like, I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just like screaming. Um, so that was that was my second MMA fight. That was my second M. I think it was in December of 2006. Let's uh let's take a look at another one here. So, watching this right, this is probably my chunkiest. This is my first fight. So, I talked to you. Oh, man. Look at those love handles. Um, woo. And for some of you guys, you may have remember hearing me talk about that there was a period where I took some time off from work and then came back to it. This was like my I'd been back maybe for a month. And so, I was like, I'm ready to fight. So, quickly got into it. And so, I was uh definitely not in good shape. I've been sitting down a lot of work and not eating the right foods, not dieting properly. So, uh I was a a chunky fella. We'll say it that way. Now, again, going into this fight, this guy was not the coolest dude. Kind of talked a little trash and stuff. So, I said, "Okay, cool, man. We're going to we're going to do it, right? We're going to get after it." And he had some fights. So, this was this wasn't like the first guy. This guy actually had some fights. [Music] What am I doing? &gt;&gt; Oh, I was the champion at this point. Oh, look at me. Look at me. The people were booing me, I think. All right, so the fight's getting ready to start. Let's see what this looks like. [Applause] Oh man, just ran across the ring at him. Oh, that would be kind of terrifying to watch, wouldn't it? There you go. Put your hand in there. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Nice. Good double. There we go. It's like watching another person go. Man, it's like one of the things watching myself how chunky I was back then. I wish I would have had a coach like Eli to work with back then to like actually learn how to eat properly. It would have never I would have never looked. That would have been so like leaned out. It was actually kind of a a tough weight cut, too, cuz I was so chunky. You know, you don't fat doesn't hold as much water as muscle and so chunky. So, when I was trying to cut all that weight off, it was tough. [Applause] &gt;&gt; They were saying back of the head. &gt;&gt; I mean, barely grazed him. There you go. Come on. Come on. Come on. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; I use I used to love kneing to the body. I always thought it was like a good idea. If you're inside control, you just like squeeze some knees in there. Such a good like good thing to just hit [Applause] Oh man, he can call me tons of fun. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Let me see if I do it. I was pretty irritated. So, he's talking trash to me right now and I'm saying, "Hey, bro. Like, you we already because he said, "You want to you want to go?" I said, "We already tried that, man." &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, this fight has been ruled a no contest. &gt;&gt; So, I put my my What you don't see, you hear the booing. So, what you don't see is I was like booing at him and then he like he tries to come up and fight me and I said, "Bro, we already tried to do this, Paul." Um, so, you know, it is what it is. you know, not my best fight or my best physical shape. Um, but yeah, so there was another one of my run across the ring and sort of just run at you. My whole thing was if I get really close to you and lock you up, then you know, you won't be able to strike with me or whatever and I can get you to the ground and that's that. Um, let's watch another one here and I'll find one that isn't so uh run across the ring and just tackle people. Well, kind of is. So, this is actually a match with a guy, again, there's George talking to me. This is a match with a guy where he was a last minute replacement. Good fighter, great shape. I mean, you can look at the dude. He's he's jacked. There I am. Not quite as chunky, but still smooth, right? And this guy was super cool, right? So, like again, he was um the last minute replacement. The other guy backed out right before He takes it over. He's in good shape and he came from a tough team at the time and so, you know, we were cool before. So with this one, you'll actually see me touch touch gloves. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Still the same sort of idea applies. I'm trying to get it trying to close distance and get him down. [Music] [Applause] And again, did this amateur level elbows were allowed back then. I don't know if that it's still the case there in all fighting organizations, but you know, we could fight this. I think I think this was my third fight at the time. And again, you'll see those knees. I used to love making use of knees to the body, punching to the body, just, you know, anywhere you can get where you can just beat the body up a little bit cuz sure it's like it doesn't do as much as the head, but you know, it was like that Rocky Marciano idea where you're punching, you're hitting on hitting them in the arms. Later on, they're going to feel it. [Music] [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Press hard. Hit him right there. Hit him under his leg. Hit him underneath legit behind. [Applause] &gt;&gt; It's always so interesting when you watch grappling or fighting or anything. It's It doesn't look like much is going on, but it's so exhausting, right? Like I'm sure if you had heart rate monitors on us right now we're both just redlinining as we're fighting. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Suck him down. Suck him down. Suck him down. [Applause] Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the right idea. Right idea. I mean, this is just a glorified grappling match with punches, isn't it? [Applause] Looks like I could set a crucifix there. &gt;&gt; They called me for, you know, they're like, "Hey, watch the hands." Cuz it did look like I was gripping into it a little bit. It's like so instinctive, you know, sometimes when you're in there, you just like sort of just post your hand out. [Applause] I don't know what's coming next. I don't know who I'm pointing at. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh man. Cringey, cringey, cringey. We'll stop there. So, oh, so that was a um it was a good performance. That arm bar actually was like drilling that I think like the week of we were just like doing playing around with some stuff and I was just trying to just do some stuff to keep myself moving. Um we were doing our normal warm-ups and stuff like that for the fight, hitting pads and stuff and I know but I wanted to drill the arm bar and hit it there uh in the fight. Tough guy, but every time I watch the ending of that video I'm like just cringing. So, um, I've got a few more fights out there. Most of them don't have the angles that that that has. Like my last fight, my pro fight, um, in 2012. It doesn't have the same camera view. It actually me and the guy had a really good fight. We went back and forth, but it's all from like the outside of the cage, and you can just kind of see what's going on. You don't have the same bird's eye view, but um, but yeah, so that was that those matches were all from like 2006. And then the the one in the middle that I showed where I was really chunky, that was 2007. Um, and those were those fights. And uh, that was me fighting when I was a chunky young lad. Um, for anybody that's curious, it always kind of comes up if anytimes people see the fight. Um, they'll say, "Chew, you got gyno. Where'd your gyno come from?" So, and for any of you guys that don't know what that means, gyno is it's like lumps around your chest, right? Um, and so I developed gyno as a teenager. And so, you know, a lot of times when people see it now, it's always like, "Oh, it's from steroids." Wasn't from steroids at the time. like the especially that first five. I wasn't I haven't even done anything yet, right? I did steroids later on. I've done before. I'm not ashamed to tell you that, but it wasn't from that. Basically, when I was in puberty, I got really chunky and hormones were out of whack and they just developed. I don't know what happened. That said, if you guys ever see a young guy who, you know, is dealing with that, you can go to the doctor and get that stuff corrected before it turns into something permanent. Um, now it's like in a situation where like I would have to get like surgery and have to take like time off from training at these tubes hanging out. Just I don't really care that much. Hasn't really changed my uh my life or affected my ability to, you know, do much of anything. So, I just don't really care. But anyway, that is the video of me fighting. That is my some of my MMA fights. Hopefully you guys enjoy that. Hopefully maybe you had a laugh at the cringiness and uh when I was tons of fun chewy and uh yeah, so thank you guys for watching and I'll talk to you guys next time. [Music]