Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? Today we got a question from a fellow black belt in business owner. He owns the gym that he's teaching and training out of and it's about burnout, right? So he feels like he's burning out a bit. He will go by the anonymous name of Bob, right? Cuz I don't want to put his name out there where his students can see and stuff cuz he came to me with a question and you know I got his I got his okay that I can use his question for a video, but I'm going to make him anonymous so this way you know his students don't see it cuz he's dealing with something, right? But sends me a long message about burnout. The gist of it is that he is running this business. the business is humming along pretty well, going pretty good, but the training side of it, the rolling side of it, getting on the mats and and doing the physical stuff, and he's not old. He's he's a fairly he's in his late 30s, so he's not old, so he's plenty able to do it. Just getting burned out, though. Just doesn't have the fire for it. Doesn't have the passion for it. Gets in the mat sometimes and just like, "Oh man, what am I doing?" You know? So, with that, he sends me the message saying, "Chew, you look like you're passionate about jiu-jitsu still. after 20 plus years, you look like you're still passionate. How do you do that? How do you do all the stuff that you're doing and avoid burnout? So, good question. Thanks for the question, Bob. And anybody that's having trouble with this, cuz it's not just like a black belt thing. I've seen people struggle with burnout at like blue, purple, every belt, I guess, even white belt sometimes, right? So, here's the idea to chew on today that I'm going to share with you guys. So, I was reading a book the other day and in the book the the philosopher explained an idea that I like instantly like a little light bulb went off in my head because I was like, I do that. I do that already. And it's like he explained it in a way. I'm like, that's that's a perfect idea. And it goes along perfectly with this idea of burnout and how to avoid it. And not just with jiu-jitsu, with with anything, right? This is like this is a strategy I use to the business. We'll talk about that since you're a business owner, but any anything really if you want to avoid burnout. The idea is from Saurin Kerkagard in his work either or it's a 19th century philosopher and in the work I'm looking at my note here that I made. He says that just like a farmer sort of rotates the crops to avoid creating infertile soil. We should rotate the crops so to speak of our life and change things up to create novelty and interest and to avoid burnout and boredom. Right? He may have not used the term burnout but you get the idea, right? to to keep things interesting, fun, and enjoyable. And I think that's a really good idea. You know, going to the business side, I'll get to the jiu-jitsu side for any of you guys that aren't business owners, but with the business owner thing, it could be very easy to just come in here and just go through the motions and it could become monotonous and boring and soul sucking, right? But the cool part about owning a business, which Bob, you you own one and so this is true of you, there's so many different things you can do, bro. Like for me, like with the way that I've structured my business, it's like I could come in teach classes. I can go write an email to my chew crew uh email list that I share, my my daily email newsletter that I send out in case you want to join. Shameless plug, it's down there uh in the links or the comments down below. I can write an email to those people. I can make a video with you. I can do a podcast. I can do an advertisement uh campaign for my gym. I I mean, there's so many different things I can just bounce around. I can write a new program um process or whatever for one of our programs in our gym like our kids program or whatever. It's fun. You can just dabble around. I get to rotate the crops all the time. So, I don't get too bored because I'm doing all these different things. It's very fun for me. I enjoy that. It's challenging because I'm always having to learn new stuff, right? Maybe you don't like that, but I imagine you do jiu-jitsu, so you probably like it to some degree. And then with jiu-jitsu, it's the same way, bro. I mean, you think about it, right? We go into this sport and no matter how long we train, you never master it all. There's always something else you can do, you know, like I'll watch like a match, some competition matches, and all of a sudden I'll see like someone do something and I'm like, "Huh, I've never done that before. I got to go check that out." You know, or sometimes I'll just get a wild hair at my butt and I'm like, I want to try out this. Like I don't know why, but like a month ago I was just really I was watching a bunch of wrestling and I was watching people finish takedowns from a failed shot. like they shot in, they got sprawled on, and then they're finishing a failed shot. And it was like, I don't know why. I just became interested in it. So, I started going into the gym and I'm like shooting these sloppy shots just to let people sprawl on me so I can try to finish it. And again, just moving around the interest and having fun with it. You know, on a sort of a quick side note, when people come to me or when I talk to you guys, you know, online, whatever, and we're talking about, oh man, I'm hitting the slump. I'm just not enjoying training and you know, this kind of stuff. almost always it's because you're doing the same old stuff over and over again. You got to shake it off a little bit, mix it up a bit, right? There's some things that are always going to be there, right? There's going to be some things like you're going to roll whatever, but you can change a lot of it. For you guys watching, if you're not the coach, you can pick different positions to use during, you know, full rolling, buy an instructional, hire your coach to do a private, whatever you want. Just pick something else and do a different position you want to shake it up. I mean, to me, this is the cool part about jiu-jitsu is you're never going to beat it. It's there's always something to learn. It's so much fun. And so, you can just go in different directions. And so, for you, for the training aspect, Bob, if you're having trouble with the training, just pick something new to do and just do that for a while. That's a way to have some fun with it, right? To the side of coaching if you struggle with that part of it. Same idea. I would ask you, are you going through the same old like routine, the same motions that you've done with your classes for some length of time? If the answer is yes, well, let's change things up just like that. Let's rotate the crops a little bit. You know, if you were one of my students, you would probably notice that from year to year, from month to month, things change. I change the way that we warm up. I change some of the way the classes are structured. Sometimes we're doing more situational. Sometime I just mix things up because I like to change things up. I like to keep them new and interesting. I get bored sometimes, you know, because I'm there teaching and so I want to be pumped up about it. So, I got to mix things up. If I was to teach like the same format class every single day and like there's never any variety, I would be bored to tears, bro. It would be soul sucking. Be like cubicle jiu-jitsu. I don't want to do that. I want to keep this fun for me so I can keep it fun for them. And so, again, you are the coach, Bob. So, you get to decide how this thing goes. So, just mix it up. Just rotate the crops. Change the format of the class a little bit. Change the way you warm up. Change maybe some of the style of rolling you guys. Include more situational or maybe you already do a lot of situational, do more open rolling, whatever. Mix it up and have fun with it. But the idea that I would share with any of you guys is if you're getting into the burnout phase in anything, anything new thing have you tried to do with it? What new thing have you tried to inject into that experience? Because if the answer is nothing, well then that's probably a big indicator as to why you're getting burned out. And so if you say, okay, like my jiu-jitsu, I'm getting burned out with jiu-jitsu. Okay, what new thing have you tried to do? What new thing have you studied? What what thing are you getting interested in right now? That's a really good way to again find a direction and then you move through it and have some fun with it and again rotate the crops. So anyway, I'm just sort of rambling at this point. I believe my idea has been shared. Bob, thank you for the question, brother. Good luck with everything and I'll talk to you guys next time. [Music]