Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? Today we got a question from Neo who sends me a message and uh it's about new white belts that aren't exactly new. So he says that he's a blue belt about 2 years experience. And he said he just got home from a training session where he was training with this guy who's around the same age. You know, they're both in their 40s. Someone's alarm's going off. Uh 40s. And basically when they were doing the rolling, the guys knew the the coach said no submissions, only position rolling. So he took it easy on this guy for a minute, right? It's like I'm going to kind of go easy on him. And then this person ended up getting on top of him and pinning him in the side control and was just just holding him there. He said that he just couldn't get the guy off of him. He didn't want to use anything aggressive like crossfacing him or anything like that. So he was trying to do everything smooth and and we might say a little bit more technical, right? Um if you want to use that verbiage, but basically trying to be a little bit lighter on the guy and not be so rough with him. But he couldn't get him off of him. He said, "I got dominated in the whole role." And he said, "This has happened before where we had a guy who came in with a little bit of prior experience who dominated me during the role. This new white belt, by the way, had previous experience in martial arts." And so Neo sends a message. He says, "Any advice on how I should handle roles with new white belts, especially ones with prior uh experience. Ju jiu-jitsu definitely knows how to humble a man." Uh, what's up, bro? So, um, yeah, I got a I got some ideas for you, Neo. So, first off, I don't think cross faces are like aggressive. Crossfaces are just part of jiu-jitsu. Like taking someone and moving them by their face, that's just part of jiu-jitsu. That's not bad. I mean, if you rank back and pop like really crank, maybe we need to chill a little bit. But if you get a guy that's really squeezing you and holding you down, cross face him, move his head. Right? And I can show you some technical stuff, right? Um because like a lot of times, like when you see people try to escape, they'll like frame across the neck. If we can move the head and cross face, if you move the head, the body typically follows, but I don't know the specific positions that you guys were in. But anyway, cross faces, I don't think you can use those on new guys. That's fine. Just don't like be crazy with them. Um, but that said, going back to the idea with new people, this is one of the best reasons like if you're a blue belt or you're any level of jiu-jitsu, this is one of the benefits of rolling with new people because what happens is when you go into jiu-jitsu and you learn jiu-jitsu, you begin to engage in jiu-jitsu versus jiu-jitsu. Because here's what happens when you first start. You don't know jiu-jitsu. So therefore, you're just going off of instinct. And a lot of times you make stupid mistakes, right? And if a person is used to and has skill and they're used to rolling with a new person, they can identify those mistakes really quickly and they can just I mean run circles around them. But what ends up happening a lot of times is you get people in jiu-jitsu who do that, but then they stop rolling with new people and they just only roll with people that know jiu-jitsu. Jiu-jitsu people don't with skill do not engage in the same way that new people do. And what happens is is you will roll with some brand new person or some person has a little bit experience who still makes a lot of these same mistakes and plays in a weird unorthodox way that you're not used to and it can throw you for a loop, right? And I think this is really important because if you're doing jiu-jitsu for even just a just a little bit of idea of how to possibly defend yourself in the streets, rolling with the new guys is really useful because that there it is. They're going to grab your head. They're going to squeeze in weird places. They don't know what they're doing. They are going to sit there and squeeze and hold you because they don't know what else to do. They don't know how to advance position. And so, it's a great test of your ability to beat untrained people. And if you're not used to rolling with untrained people on a regular basis, it will throw you for a loop. Now, here's the beautiful part about it. The more you roll with those type of people, you you quickly pick up the the mistakes that they make. And they're the mistakes are almost predictable. Like, I can roll with a brand new guy and it's like almost like you just know what's going to happen. You can feel it. Not a big deal. But again, if you're not used to rolling those new people and you roll with them, it will throw you for a loop. And so what I would tell you to do, bro, is, you know, don't freak out. This happens to a lot of people. A lot of people that get decent in jiu-jitsu, like blue belt level, they'll go back and roll with these new guys that are coming in that maybe have a little bit of experience. Maybe they're a little athletic and all of a sudden they're engaging in some weird way. Um, the term the the sort of the analogies that I've used before is like video games where people are button masters and they just they just press controls and they don't engage in a normal logical way that maybe someone who knows the video game has. It's like what is this person doing? Um, or when you think of someone playing chess, right? Chess is a game where there's all this pattern going on, pattern recognition, right? And so if you get someone that knows how to move pieces, but they don't actually know how to play the game very well, sometimes they will surprise you with this stuff that they do. It's like, what? you're not supposed to move this way because you're setting them up for like two, three moves down the the the road, but then all of a sudden this person just moves in a weird way and it throws everything for a wrench, right? Kind of what happens there. You're in this situation of jiu-jitsu where it's a lot of pattern recognition. Person grabs here, you do this and so forth. Well, you're expecting some grip like this and then the person just twirls around you to grab your head and or grab your foot and do something silly you're not ready for because nobody does that who actually knows how to do jiu-jitsu. Does it make sense? So, it can throw you for a loop. can really surprise you at times. And so, one of the best things I think for people if this is a problem you're having is roll with those people more often and you will quickly figure it out. You'll be able to adapt your jiu-jitsu for those situations with people that are not engaging in traditional jiu-jitsu ways. And again, it's an it's an incredibly valuable skill to have because you're going to need it should you ever have the unlikely opportunity to have to use jiu-jitsu outside on the streets where someone's going to engage in a similar way if they're fighting you, right? Obviously, strikes and weapons and things like that can happen. Um, but again, even if just someone just grabbing you and locking onto you, they will it will feel more akin to, I speak from experience, will feel more akin to some brand new guy who just came in off the streets and he's just wrestling around with you on the mats. Uh, and so again, don't feel bad about It doesn't mean you suck. Happens to a lot of people. This question has come up to me plenty of times before. Um I I never struggle with this because I was always rolling with the new guys, but I've even had some of my students who have said the same thing. So, don't worry about it too much. Just make sure you roll with those people a little bit more to get some ideas on how to deal with it and get used to those engagements that are are going to feel very unorthodox. So, I'm kind of repeating myself there. Um and also guys, if you guys enjoy the videos and you like the video, you'll probably enjoy my daily email that I send out. If you guys want to check it out, check the links down below. It comes with a free ebook and a video that comes along with that on how to get more from your open rolling sessions. Basically, how to make more focus or get more focus from your open rolling sessions. If you want to check it out, check the links down below. Uh, but Neo, thank you for the question, bro. Hope you enjoyed the video. Hopefully, you get something from it. Talk to you guys next time. [Music]