Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we got a question that has nothing to do with the normal jiu-jitsu stuff that we talk about on the channel, but it comes from a jiu-jitsu practitioner. He reads my emails, watches the videos, and it's something that a lot of dudes deal with. So, I wanted to talk about it. Bothered me a lot when I was younger, and that is gyno. So, the guy that I'm talking about here, he'll be anonymous today, by the way. He'll be a Bob question. Bob says he has gyno, developed it when he was younger. If you're not familiar with what gyno is, gyno is gynecomastia. It's where guys will develop like fat or like glandular lumpy tissue around their chest. And you know, again, it bothers them and sometimes they get made fun of about it. You know, that whole thing, but you'll basically have, you know, something showing through, like what people say, man boobs, right? And so, sometimes it's very noticeable, sometimes it is. And his message is very long, but I'm going to give you the gist. He sent me a message because he's seen where I've talked about in videos. He's seen where I've talked about in emails before. And he's wondering, Chewy, did you have it removed? Did it go away on its own, or do you still have it? And the reason why he asks is because he's just coming out of a long-term relationship, and he's getting back out there on the dating market. that he's single again. Now, the the women that he's dated before, none of them have ever said anything about it, but he just has this self-confidence issue around it. It makes him feel very conscious and he it bothers him. And he said he's worried that he's going to go, you know, maybe see a woman, meet this beautiful woman someday. And then all of a sudden, she's going to see him and go, "Oh my god, look at you. You got guy. I'm not going to date you." And so this plays into it and he feels a lot of self uh a lot of a lot of lack of confidence, excuse me, about it. And he's just wondering how I've dealt with it. Maybe some ideas on it. brother, thank you for the question. So, check this out, dude. The first thing I'll tell you all the stuff that in my experiences with it that could be useful to you, I think hopefully it's been helpful to some others. But the first thing I want you to think about is why does it bother you so much? You you know, right, you said no woman's ever messed with you about it. No woman's ever brought it up, but for some reason it bothers you. And the reason why I bring this up is because we all come out of the the the womb a little different, don't we? We're all a little different. But for some reason, at some point, some of us learn that our different is a bad different. It's something to be ashamed of. It's something to hide away from. And you have to dig a little bit to figure out like why the hell do you think that? Was it a person? Was it just societal sort of general sort of standards of what you're supposed to look like? You have to figure that out. So, with me, when I was a kid, I developed Gyno when I was 12. And I'll get Marvin, my guy, to post some pictures up of me having gyno so you can see it through like the years, right? So you can see like when I was a kid, you can see peeking through. And then you can see now where even if I get super lean and I have abs showing it's still there, but just just not that noticeable really for me. But when I was a kid, I remember I started to develop it when I was getting overweight and I was around 12 years old going through puberty. Wasn't steroids by the way. I know everybody's like seasoning go, "Oh, steroids. He's using steroids." I've used steroids before, very open about that, but that was not from steroids. That was just puberty. By the way, if you ever see a young guy going through it, help them out. Get them to a doctor so they can get their hormones adjusted. So, I'm developing the this guy in my chest. Now, I don't know anything notice anything about it. It doesn't seem weird to me. No one said anything about it. Then one day, I'm at my dad's house. Don't have a good relationship with him, but he's still my dad, so what he says matters to me because I'm 12. And I'm there and I he comes into the room. My shirt is off. Sitting in my underwear. We're watching a movie or something. And he sees me. And he goes, "Damn, boy, you got some hooters on you. Need to get a bra on you or something." He said that and I remember I just grabbed my pillow and I put it up to my chest and I sort of hugged it. And then from that point on, I didn't take my shirt off in front of anyone for years. I remember we'd go to the pool. I'd be the guy with his damn shirt on because it's like it's which is even worse, right? It looks so ridiculous and conspicuous at the damn pool with my shirt on covering myself up because I'm so self-conscious. I remember being in the football and wrestling room in high school until I was about 18. I started being more comfortable, but I was like, you know, 17, like years old, changing my clothes, turning away from people because I didn't want to see it. I was ashamed. Something was wrong with me. My different was bad different. And so that cut into me. And over the years, I remember when I was in my early 20s, I looked up the cost for surgery. It was a lot of money for me back then. Didn't have it, so it wasn't on the table. So, I just had to learn how to deal with it. And as I got older, I start I just stopped caring, right? Because it never affected my relationship with women, my ability to win MMA fights, jiu-jitsu competitions, almost nobody said anything about it. And then even in business, never stopped me from doing anything in business. It was like I remember like with my wife when you know we were together, been together for 2 years at this point. I remember talking about it and she didn't even realize. She said, "Oh, I just thought you had big pecs." Didn't even register to her. Didn't wasn't a thing. So then I have money at this point. I'm thinking hm cuz I was thinking about getting it remove like I'm not attached to it or anything but the issue is is that from what I've read the surgery like you have to have tubes sticking out of your chest for a while to drain you, you know, you have to get cut on. You got to be put under. You have to have antibiotics for some weeks. I don't want to go through that and take time off from training and everything else that I'm doing to satisfy the opinions of people that I don't care about. Now if it presented some sort of medical necessity in a heartbeat, but otherwise why do I care? If you have someone that is sort of happy with themselves, happy with the way they look, happy with the way their life is going. They may give constructive criticism, they may try to help you, hey, like, man, we need to get in shape. Let's do this stuff, but they're not nasty about it. When someone's nasty and they try to cut at you, it's something that has to do with them, not not you, right? Understand that. See this a lot. I've seen a lot of people where they will project onto other people their dislike for themselves. I remember there was one guy years ago where he used to be a big heavier set guy. He lost some weight and I remember one time we saw someone that was overweight, you know, walking across and he sort of just instantly was like, "You fat. Look at that fat bastard." And it's very nasty. And I looked at him. I said, "Bro, you you were like fat like a year ago, right? Like that you were worse than that." And he said, "I know." And I hated it. You know, you kind of you can kind of see the wheels turning, right? It's like he's projecting his own self-hatred onto another human being. Something else I was talking with about people or with some of the guys at the gym before is how isn't it interesting to notice how two people can have the same blemish, imperfection or unsightly thing about their appearance, but how one person hides away and it makes them timid and shy and self-conscious and then someone else just rocks it out and it it either you don't notice it or it's even like it somehow accentuates their attractiveness. Weird how that works. the way that you wield yourself and the way that you present yourself really matters. And so, yeah, if you want to get surgery, get it. If you want to lose weight and get get it. Do whatever you want to do. But I would also tell you that there's some power in dancing with your defects. Just owning your Like, this is who you are. We're all a little different. If you want to change it, get it changed. No problem. But you can also simply just be yourself. And who gives a damn, right? Just owning it. This is who you are. Love it, hate it, whatever. Just deal with it. And that's something that's been really useful to me because as I was younger, hated myself, the way I looked and as I got in shape and I did all these different things and accomplished these different things, my confidence went up and I realized this doesn't even matter. This is just someone else's opinion and their opinion doesn't matter and they're having their own internal battle and that's why they're projecting and spewing this stuff on me. So why the do I care, right? So I know I'm just kind of bouncing around all over the place, but hopefully that was useful to you, Bob, and anybody else maybe dealing with the subject. And uh talk to you guys next time. [Music]