Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? So today we got a question from the old YouTubes from Spike Chang 556. Thank you for your question brother. He says I imagine his brother Spike Chang sounds like a guy name but if you're a female then thank you sister. Um he says I have a question in regards to this. He says if I use the rear naked choke on someone in a turtle position without hooks in would they not be able to escape in any way? Should I let go of the rear naked choke if that's the case? It is difficult for me to imagine what they can uh what they can and can't do from turtle position. I'm used to just sinking in the hooks, but without the hooks, I imagine they can just get away in some way, right? Um, also, same question for you. If you can do this, if they're laying on their side and I use a rear naked choke on them without hooks, how could they get away? What could you do? Um, I'd like to see and know how they could escape or some options on how to finish them. So, brother, um, thank you for the question. And look, we're going to do something real quick. I'm going to show you both in the ghee and noi some different options you can use. I honestly I think that you maybe have to rethink and I I think this is a really useful thing for most people. Maybe start to rethink the way that you think of backmount because this is something that's been really useful to me. Um and if I go and watch most of my like competition matches where I'm up against good black belts who are going after me and we're battling and I've got a pretty good number of rear naked chokes to my name. Most of those rear naked chokes were finished or applied before I ever got the hooks in. Right? Because everybody gets focused on the hooks. I'm going to show you kind of why maybe sometimes getting the hooks is not always the best thing and why maybe there's other ways to do it. And again, this is in my bearded opinion, my bearded experience, so you may not agree with this, but try it out. And I'm going to get show you a couple different submissions that you can use in the ghee and the no ghee in turtle position and from that side control position where their backs turned to you. Let's get into the moves. So, first off, if you're talking about turtle and choking, if we're in the ghee, the clock choke has to come up, right? It has to be on the the list of things to do because it's such a good choke here. Okay, so the clock choke for me, I was um I got this I think it was from Mario Spur right years ago. He was really good at the clock choke. I watched one of his instructionals. Put it to work. Good tip. So when we go for the clock choke, raise up a little bit, Marvin. All the way up. The first grip that I'm going to be really focused on is that that grip. A lot of times, especially with collar grips and with choking grips, we want to get the first grip. We want to make it a finishing grip because you think as soon as I go in and I grab, now his defense is going to be up. he's gonna be fighting that hand, right? But in a lot of cases, you know, you could get one grip in before they start doing that. So, we want to make that a finishing grip. So, what I'll do is I'll pull the slack out of the ghee using the hand here and bang, right in that motion. I could do this all day. I can fight this. This may not seem like a big deal, but most people do not have that ability to fish in a grip really fast. So, pop right there. We're now ready to finish. This is a finishing grip because it's right there against the neck. Okay. Now, come back down. So, we're here in a turtle position. Get the slack out. Get the first grip. Also, if you notice something, this is a small detail. Come in close, Jay. Get a little Get a closeup here. Closeup. Closeup of the ghee. So, from here, we're in the position. This is a cool detail. We push, you take your thumb and you push right at where the the seam is or the collar. And what you do is you push that in like this. This creates a lip. So, if you think about it, if we just grab like this, this is okay. But now I'm having to use like my my two fingers and my thumb to hang on to. Not the strongest grip. We got two fingers and they're not helping. We want to bring them into the mix, right? So, we push. And now, if I punch it in, now I got my my pinky and my ring finger hanging out. Now, we've got four fingers and a thumb squeezing tight. And you got this nice lip here. So, little detail. Push right here. So, when you're feeding, flip it right there. All right. Now, no more close-up. Jay, back up. All right. So, now Jay's backing up so you can see me teaching you stuff. Marvin's down. So, again, we flip the lip. Bang. Get the choking grip. Now, from here, you grab the far lapel. You can grab the arm. And we can go for the choke for the lapel grip. That's the most common. I'm going to grab Raise up just a second. Marvin, raise up. There we go. I'm going to grab this lapel. It doesn't matter where you grab it. Just somewhere down here. It's going to pull down. Flex. And again, with any collar choke, there's always going to be this wrist action, either casting or reeling. For us, we're going to be casting out, pulling the grips across, flexing. So, turtle back up. We're here. Boom. There's different ways to finish this. One of the most traditional ways is we let our hips begin to sag over top of his shoulders to keep them pinned. I let my forehead go to the ground and I begin to walk my hand my body like a hands of a clock. Flex the grips and go. And again, the most important part about that is the hand action. Now, I have deeper instructions on the um clock choke on the channel if you want to watch one of those. Um so, if you want to go deeper into it, get hear me talk more about it, you can do that. Let's talk about some other options that could happen in Nogi. Okay, guys. Now, I said that we were going to talk about looking at the back a little differently, right? So, instead of being worried about the hooks, I wanted to sort of touch on an idea that was really helpful to me. So, I heard one of these really good black belts. for the life of me I can't remember who told me it may have been Robert Ddale at a seminar years ago but he was like back you know the back mount like 70% of it 75% of it whatever arbitrary number we want to sign it is chest to back connection and that's really important because you think about it if my chest is connected to his back I can have no hooks and I can choke them right but in jiu-jitsu we get this idea of position before submission right and with back belt we say oh position is here two hooks seat belt or upper body grips 1 1,00 2 100 3 100 Yeah, I said that right. And then we go for the choke. Right. The only issue with that is now we just gave this person time to accept this position. Now instead of trying to fight out of this, they're now mounting defense. Now they get their hands up, they start defending, and now we have to go through a lot more trouble to get the choke. Whereas a lot of times in transition, there's a lot of opportunities to go for chokes. And so that's where I want to go with this part of it. Right. So, kind of going back up to turtle, let's begin. I showed the clock choke because it's a good one in the ghee. But let's say first off, a beautiful one that's very similar to the clock choke is you can do sort of a nogie version of it where if they're here a lot of times they're you will just find people leave their neck up because they don't feel threatened here because they have bought into the idea that oh he cannot choke me. I'm he doesn't have two hooks. He doesn't have the seat belt grip. He has not held position for 1,002. He's not gonna You can choke. As soon as your chest is to their back, you can choke him. Always be looking for chokes as soon as chest to back occurs. Right. So, we're here. I've got a few of these in competitions where you get underneath like just like this here. And then all I can do the same sort of motion where I let my hips walk to the side. If he was to try to roll somehow, go and roll to your right your left shoulder here. I can follow him with the hooks. And the reason why I can follow him with the hooks is because my chest to back connection is there, my friends. So again, come on up for me, Marvin. As we go through some of these, this is just going to be kind of a theme. Like if my chest to back is connection is here, if he starts to roll away from me, as long as I trail him here, I can start to attack. I can attack from all these positions as long as this is connected. Hope this is making sense to you. Again, is this going to be the best position to slow things down and put it to a crawl or stop? No. Are you going to score points in competitions? Not necessarily. But you can finish people from there. Now, there is a way to get them to turn into points. Okay? We'll get to that in a second. Now, here's another one. I've hit this one plenty of times. In a lot of cases, what I'll do is if for some reason, and I can't explain this, this is just one of those things where sometimes I just feel it. Their neck is wide open. I'll throw one hook in and begin to choke right here. He can try to roll to that side. It's not going to stop anything. Back up. So, I'm here. Hook and choke. He can try to roll back towards me. That ain't going to stop it. Okay. So, that's one of my favorite ways like when it comes to setting up a choke from turtle. If I can get underneath here, I will immediately try to throw that far hook in and then I can start to finish. And now I have a nice little attachment. And really what this is doing is this is giving me cross body control where I have these sort of diagonal points. I've got his hip and I've got his shoulder which locks me to him, right? And then I can as long as I can maintain that chest to back connection, we're solid. Okay, here's another thing to think about. Let's say, turtle up for me, Marvin. Um, actually, sit on your butt facing our handsome cameraman with the beautiful hair. If I get here chest to back, right, and I'm trying to go for these chokes, okay, let's rewind. If I if I get to this position, let's say where I'm chasing the back and his elbows and his knees are really tight, he's trying to prevent the hooks from getting in. In a lot of cases with these positions where whether you've got one hook in or no hooks in, but you haven't gotten both hooks in, a lot of times their focus is on the hook, right? I've seen this. This has happened so many times for me. I get here, right? And this person is fighting because they don't want to give up that four points or the three points or whatever competition it's worth to them, right, in that particular situation. And so I'm fighting this. They're focused on that. They're focused on again not giving up the position. But meanwhile, the chest to back connection is there paying. We shoot through for the choke. Right now he's faced with a dilemma. Do I keep fighting for the hooks and give up the points or do I fight the choke? Most people will immediately fight the choke. But it's too late. I can choke him here. And then if not, if he does somehow manage to get it out, well, we've got two hooks in. Now we're up points now. We can take a breather for a second, kind of hold position, and then we can go back to the offensive, right? And so I've hit a lot of chokes like that where I start choking them. And again, the this is all happening sometimes in like a second or two, right? We're whipping around, taking the back. I'm putting in the choke. They're having to make that decision. And again, this just happens when you play these positions a lot. But that idea of setting up the choke as soon as you get chest to back is really helpful to me. And a lot of times I I'm able to get more submissions. And if I lose a submission, I'm able to get to a full back mount position and score points in competitions because I'm attacking the neck as soon as my chest touches their back when I'm in a turtle position or if they start rolling. Let's look at one more option for you. When the person is in side control, but they're facing away from you. Guys, I think I've shown this one before on the channel. I call this the the spoon choke. Um because basically it's like you're spooning, right? If you if you guys snuggle up with your your lady or your guy, ambulance thrown by. These mics probably cut out the ambulance. don't have to do the ambulance uh thing anymore, but I'll still do it. Ambulance. You might be able to hear it. So, call spoon choke. You know, if for some reason you're shorter than the person, then maybe you call it the rocket pack, right? Sometimes my my lady, she's like short, she's like 5 411 and I say 51, she's tall, 411. So, sometimes if she for some reason, if I'm not being a real man and she's like snuggling me like that, then you know, we end up calling I call her the rocket pack. Doesn't happen very often. Okay. But anyway, rambles aside, we get in here. So, I've actually I've hit I've hit about the I've hit these twice in competition if I to my to my memory if I'm correct. So, you get here like this. A lot of people again, they tuck their arms and they're worried about their arms here. Like just roll your side forward a little bit. They're just kind of like tucking their arms, keeping everything glued. They're not really worried about their neck because again, they're saying, "Well, he doesn't have backbounce, so he can't choke me." Now, in the ghee, 100%. You got lapels all day right there, right? But in no lot of people are like, "Well, they can't choke me because he doesn't have the back." But all I have to do is sit to my hip, punch through, and now we're here, right? And again, if I'm here, as long as I'm able to keep a chest to back connection, his play to get out of this would be to very quickly get his shoulders to the ground before I'm able to secure. Come back in. But once we're here, if I'm in that full full rear naked choke, if he tries to That's it. And I can even use this foot if necessary to help kick him forward where if he tries to get his hips to the ground. There it is. Okay. So again, turn this way. So we're in position here. This is the important part. We're taking here. Switching my hip. Driving my elbow through. Bang. Right there. And I'm trying to get my elbow as far through as I can so that it's right underneath of his chin. Bang. Squeezing it tight. And again, I can hook here. If he was to try to roll away from me, like roll that way, I can stay with him. If he tries to come back into me, I use this hook to kick him forward. Flex and squeeze. So, friend, I hopefully that helps you with some ideas. Again, I didn't go through all the defensive stuff. Again, the defensive stuff's pretty self-explanatory, but I looking at your question, the thing that I was thinking about was again, how do you set up submissions from turtle? and when the person's defending, what can you do? And those are some of the things that have been really useful to me. So, hopefully they're useful to you. Hopefully, the ideas behind it uh are useful to you. And hopefully, aside from all the the silly rambling and stuff talking about rocket pack, that you were able to take a useful idea from it that you could chew on for your jiu-jitsu. I appreciate your question. Thank you guys as always for watching. We'll talk to you next time. [Music]