Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we got a question about making money in jiu-jitsu, which is a question that a lot of people have. I think, you know, younger guys getting into it and they're thinking, "Hey, man, how can I make a few bucks, you get some older guys that have been doing jiu-jitsu for a long time, they'd like to convert it over, make a little a little money?" And then you get sometimes gym owners that aren't making any money and they want to make a few more bucks doing what they're doing. So, um, we'll talk about that idea today. I got a question from Fernando who is a brown belt, been training since 2018, you know, enjoys jiu-jitsu, but he's looking around with it. He's putting all this effort into it. He's like, "Man, I would love to make some money doing jiu-jitsu. I would love to be able to do this as a maybe a side hustle." And then right now he's a programmer. He said, "Man, I would love to be able to quit my my job as a programmer and do something that I enjoy that I like doing and making a good living doing it." And that's his question to me. He's like basically how could I do that? If the Chustster, as he mentioned in his message, does the Chester have any advice on how to do that? And so, brother, we'll jump into it. Appreciate the question. And uh yeah, man, I've got an idea for you. It's probably not what you're thinking about. I don't have like the here's the instant business plan answer for you, but I got a mindset shift that's really important. It's something that helped me personally in my business help people get better results, which is important for me. Seeing, you know, my impact of my work, that's important. And then also to helping me put more dollars in my pocket, which again is also important to me. I'm sure it is for you too, right? So, in your question, I know I paraphrased, but it's basically the same question. You ask in the same way, right? Everything is about you, me. I want this. I want to do something. I love I I I right. Well, so what? Who cares? Why should the other person that you you're you're thinking about running a business? And I know you don't have a business plan yet, right? But I'm getting you to think about it this way. Let's say you have some business idea you're going to come up to. Why should they care, right? Yeah, you have this idea. You have this thing that you want to sell. You have this money you want to make, but why should they care? Right? Cuz they're out there working. They're using their their life energy to make this money that they then exchange for services and goods. And then they have everybody asking them for stuff and then all of a sudden there's this guy comes, hey, you should give me money because I want to do this. Why should they? Now, I say that to you and I I phrase it that way because I want you to think about anytime if you do get into business at some point, you want to sort of put yourself in the seat of the person that you're trying to serve. What kind of problems do they have? What kind of needs do they want met? What kind of desires do they have? Why are they doing this thing that they're doing? Right? Like in jiu-jitsu, okay? Like why are they even doing jiu-jitsu in the first place? So you think about that because that's important. That is a different mindset shift than I want this. It comes into what do they want? How can I help make that happen? Because that's what they want. You know, I was talking about this with a coaching client that I just signed up maybe two weeks ago. Runs a gym, has ghee and no ghee, you know, all that stuff. And we were talking and I was asking about the way that he goes through when people sign up. And again, this is a guy who, you know, he's making a little bit of money, but he's trying to like, you know, raise it up a little bit. He wants to make a little bit more money. And I was asking about how he goes through his initial signup phase. And I asked him, he's like, do you have any geese in stock? And he said, "No." I'm like, "Why the hell not?" Like, "Why don't you have geese in stock? You should have geese in stock because you don't realize that this person that you just signed up, they just signed up for the service, okay? and they just signed up for training. They're all excited. They're like, "Yes, I'm going to be a jiu-jitsu practitioner. And now they look around and this guy has primarily a ghee schedule with a couple noi days in." Well, now they have to go look online for no or for geese. And I don't know about you guys, but the first time that I saw that and for a lot of my students, it's kind of overwhelming. You see these different sizing charts and different companies have slightly different sizing charts and you're like, there's this letter and there's a number next to it. Am I an A3? Am I an A2? I'm kind of a husky guy. Am I going to be an A2H? Like, you know, all this stuff starts to go through. Is is colors I've seen online that sometimes gyms don't let you wear certain colors. Is our gym like that? There's all these questions that now instantly be become created because they just signed up for your damn service to train at your jiu-jitsu gym, right? So, I'm like, dude, have those things on hand because this does a couple things. One, that person who just signed up, like at my gym, as an example, when they sign up, they get their ghee. It's it's a part of their, you know, their their membership as they're signing up, right? So, when they sign up, our front desk person, me, whoever is working at there, they will take the ghee and they'll they'll take the size that they think and they'll put that ghee on them and they size it up and we'll put it on like it's like a darn like they're getting fitted for a suit because we want to make sure everything's where it should be. Like, oh, like if you were going to compete in an IBGF tournament, there's enough slack there. Good. This isn't too tight. If it shrinks just a little bit, it'll be good. Boom. You got the right ghee for you. Get out there and train. We just answered a lot of questions that you were about to have and we just took care of the whole situation. You don't have to go waste time online. You got the ghee you need. Now, if you want to go buy another ghee, you can. But as far as getting training training right now, you're ready to go. And so, again, there's there's probably another hundred different ways that I've done in business where literally that just you're looking to solve problems for people ahead of time. So, this way you're just taking care of them right out of the gate. And that's a that's a good place to be. That's that's to me that's something that's moved the needle for me in my business and that's kind of the approach I take to everything that I'm doing. So instead of it being a what do I want? It's like well what do they want? How can I make that happen? And I know this is a mindset thing. This is not the quick snappy business plan, right? Which I mean I couldn't give you one anyway. I don't know your situation. But it's an important mindset shift to have. And for me a lot of times I do the mindset stuff here on the gym or not in the gym but on these videos with you because if I can get you to think a certain way those lead to actions. You know, when I think about everything in my jiu-jitsu, in my my business, everything else since we're talking about business, a lot of it started off as a shift in thinking perspective that then led to an action that then, you know, made something happen. Does that make sense? So, a lot of times when I talk to you guys, that's why that I do it that way. That's why I talk about the the mindset stuff shift. And again, when you do business this way, you're just figuring out ways to better serve people. And then you just open the door on the back end to say, "Hey, here's a way that you could, you know, return the favor by, you know, buying this thing, buying this product, buying whatever. Here we go." And and we dance. I take care of you. You take care of me. Boom, boom, boom. Never just take take, but like let's do this dance together. And an interesting one just to end this with kind of illustrating this point is there's a guy in my um who's a member of basically all my products, bought all my stuff, bought all my books, my instructional courses, he's bought multiple t-shirts and everything else. He doesn't train jiu-jitsu. He watches the videos a lot and he likes them and he enjoys them. He does martial arts and another martial art thing, right? I think he does some form of karate. And we were talking about it and he says, "Well, you know, I really enjoy your videos. I like them. I get a lot from them. I can apply a lot of the stuff that you teach. I can teach it to my students and apply it to my students. And I just want to say thank you for giving me so much over the years. And so he just buys my stuff. Now, he doesn't use most of it. He uses the uh he's actually looked at the takedowns a little bit. I actually looked on his his account one time. He's looked at the takedowns a bit. The lifting stuff he uses, right? But like all the halfguard stuff you bought just whatever. But he does wear the shirts and everything else. But that's just kind of an example like me just putting stuff out there trying to help other people with their issues and then it comes back, right? So that would be my advice to you and anybody else that's uh watching this. If you're coming about it from this I I me me what thing. Ask people what they want. Figure out what they want. Figure out what their needs are and try to find a way to meet those. That's a good place to that's a good place to come from and a good perspective that's very resourceful to being successful. I believe at least it has been for me with business. Also guys, if you're interested, I have a daily or not a daily. My daily email goes out. Yeah, but I have a weekly email just weekly goes out on Sundays, Sunday mornings that goes into business, marketing, and coaching. Just stuff I like to talk about that doesn't sort of fit in the normal category of my daily email that's for like jiu-jitsu practitioners specifically. If you guys want to get it, check the links down below. But if not, thank you guys for watching the video. Talk to you guys next time. [Music]