Kind: captions Language: en So years ago when I was a brand new kids BJJ coach, right, I remember that one of the kids that trained with me early on, his mother had brought him in to train with us because he wanted to or she wanted to make sure that he wasn't getting bullied because at the time he was going to school getting bullied and you know, again, what do they think? Let's teach our let's get our kid involved in martial arts. And so she had taken her kid to this taekwond dom. It's this local um taekwond do gym that basically for all of us that know about it, it's it's basically a glorified daycare. You know, they don't do a whole lot. They're cranking out the bells. The kids do whatever they want to and um or they, you know, they do whatever they want to with the kids, but the kids don't actually get good fighting skills. They don't really learn that stuff. They don't get challenged enough and, you know, it doesn't really do anything, but you know, they get all the belts and stuff and they get to go through it. Well, kid was there for I want to say six to eight months, something like that. Again, this is a long time ago. This is like 2009 years kind of make things a little fuzzy, but I remember it was it was a it was a pretty good substantial amount of time enough that the kid should have been able to defend himself, but he wasn't. He was still going to school, getting his butt whooped. Granted, he had like he's at to his like his 12th different belt test or whatever. You know, mom's paying for these belt tests and he's like up to his like 16th different color or whatever it is. It's not working. She sees it's not working. He knows it's not working. So, she brings him to us. She brings him to do jiu-jitsu and it was within about a month, month and a half, long enough that he had had some fundamental takedowns, some basic control on top and we, you know, sort of go over with him kind of teaching them, hey, here's how you can use this stuff because obviously we don't want to turn off a bunch of monsters who just start beating up kids at school because we know the power of this stuff. But after a month and a half, he goes to school and what happens? No more bullies. He goes in there and stands up to his bullies, not getting bullied anymore. You can see it in his demeanor. He's walking into the gym with his chest a little higher. You can see he's a little bit more confident. He's had a scrap with his bullies and they're not bullying him anymore. That's a good feeling coming from someone who got bullied who then learned how to fight and then didn't get bullied anymore. That's a damn good feeling. Also, see seeing your mom basically be helpless to to change it and then seeing her being like, "Hey, this worked." That's a beautiful feeling. I think that's important. Another story that I'll share with you. There's a reason for sharing these, by the way. Years ago, when I was a young brown belt, wasn't a black belt yet. This is 2010. I remember there was a guy who was teaching, you know, MMA in the area. And he sort of posed himself as a jiu-jitsu black belt. Now, he didn't quite say, "I'm a BJJ black belt," but sort of did everything else. promoted himself in pictures with like the jiu-jitsu style black belt, the jiu-jitsu ghee and said jiu-jitsu and even with like the hyphen whatever all this stuff and proposed himself as a jiu-jitsu black belt who's teaching MMA and I remember there was a very uh popular MMA form in the city um where we would get online and we would all talk and I remember calling him out like you're not a black belt you're not a jiu-jitsu black belt we end up talking on the phone at the time he had a radio commercial and to his credit he you know backed off a little bit and you know made it clear that it was a Japanese jiu-jitsu belt took anything related to Brazilian jiu-jitsu off the the table, right? Cuz he was saying, "I'm teaching Brazilian jiu-jitsu." Um, took it all off and made it more appropriate, you know, for what he was doing. And later on, that same guy, one of his guys ended up fighting one of our guys. And I remember our guy got him down into the cage onto the side, and I mean, started just hammering him with punches. And the guy on the bottom just had no basic ground defense, no basic grappling off of his back. that was effective and ended up getting his face pretty banged up pretty bad. If I'm correct, it sort of squashed his broke his orbital and he had to get some stuff done to his face to put it back together, right? Could be wrong about some of that. It's been a long time, but I remember he was pretty messed up with it. And I remember thinking, I wonder who that guy on the bottom would have been if he trained with a a guy who actually knew what he was doing because the guy was athletic, but he just doesn't have any skill. And he's training with a guy who's telling him he can fight MMA, whatever, that he knows how to do all this stuff when he doesn't know what he was doing. I had trained with the guy before. The guy was terrible skill-wise, right? Just didn't know what he was doing. And meanwhile, he's proposing as a coach. Thought it sucked. If I was a young guy who had gone to someone to train and they were like, "Yeah, no. I got you, bro. I'm going to show you everything you need to know. Meanwhile, they're not they don't have the skill to do that." Man, that would suck, right? It would even suck even more when you go into the cage and get hurt because you don't have the skill. The reason why I bring these two stories up to you guys is because recently I posted a video where I was talking about the guy Dererick Moneyberg getting his black belt like three and a half years. And you know, I posed the question to you guys, what is a legit black belt? You guys gave me some good responses. We're going to go into those later on in a future video because I think it's a it would be a fun topic to dig into a little bit, right? But a lot of you, not not a lot, but several of you will say, and there was a lot on social media, sort of brought up this idea that we shouldn't care. What's the big deal? The guy's wearing a black belt. Who cares? Not a big deal. I mean, who's he hurting? It's not a big deal. you know, it's an ego issue for all these people that want to prove them wrong. And I thought about that, right? And I don't know that that's I don't know if that's right. You know, people always make this fuss about the belt not being important, but you know, as humans, we live in the world of symbols, right? Everything around us is symbols. We have names that are essentially mouth noises that are symbols for who we are. We have little letters that we can add to our name. If we go through a school and we go through the schooling, we can now add these little letters to our name, right? We have green money that we have. So, we don't necessarily use it much, but we have green paper that we can exchange for services and goods that if you were to go back 100 years ago, 200 years ago from now, it may not be worth anything was different, right? And you can even think about metals, right? There's a lot of talk right now about different things like you, you know, you've seen it before. I'm sure you've seen it. stolen valor type stuff where someone poses in a particular uniform with certain patches or medals or whatever it is and you know people in the military community are like hold on a second you didn't earn that. Well yeah those are just those are just uniforms but it's what what those uniforms symbolize and for a lot of us that went through the normal process for the belts it's what that symbolized it's very important and I think it's important for a couple reasons. One is that because we don't want to become the strip mall karate taekwondo gym. And I'm not saying they're all this way, but the ones that are basically glorified daycarees where they're to me they're fraudulent because they go in and they say, "Oh, we're going to teach your kid these things. Your kid's going to be able to stand up to their bullies and da da da da." Meanwhile, they're just basically cranking out belt tests. They're cranking out money and giving the kids belts. Meanwhile, the kids still can't fight. I've seen it happen several times. that kid that I talked about, that's not the only one that that's happened to. And I'm not saying that they're all like this. I'm just saying you see it sometimes. That said, there are very effective gyms that do karate and things like that. One of my actual one of my students is a karate black belt and he can scrap. He also can kickbox and box, does jiu-jitsu. He teaches a kids karate class. And I remember when we were talking about putting it in, I told him, I was like, "Look, the first thing that I want these kids to be able to do no matter what is they have to be able to fight. You can give them belts. You can we can break boards. I don't give a damn what we're doing. But they've got to be able to fight. That's the most important thing because I don't want a kid to come into our gym who's looking at us, the mom and dad are looking at us saying, "Hey, I want my kid to be able to take care of themselves." And as a guy who got bullied, again, I want the kid, I want to give them that confidence. And we'll do that with jiu-jitsu. We can do that with striking. He does karate. Perfect. Let's do karate. And he teaches them legit stuff. He has them doing like light sparring where they're actually working with each other in live situations. Very important, right? kind of the secret sauce of it. And so for a lot of us in jiu-jitsu, we don't want to go that route and we're so like focused on that that we call out black belts and we've always done it. We've called out black belts, suspect, fraudulent, whatever we think. We'll call them out or at least call it attention to it when we see it. And I think that's important because what if you're getting into jiu-jitsu and you're like, "Man, I really want to learn how to do this fighting stuff, this jiu-jitsu stuff, whatever." And so you go to this gym and nobody said anything. You didn't know this guy was a fraudulent person. You didn't know that they weren't a real black belt. I've seen that happen before. I've talked to some of you guys online who have been in situations like that. I've seen it happen from afar. And I've even talked to people in person who were coming from gyms where the person was misleading with their experience. And so I think it's important to say, hey, listen, you know, call it when you see it, call it out. I think that's an important that self-regulatory nature jiu-jitsu. I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing. And I don't know why it's changed because this used to be very normal stuff for a jiu-jitsu. When we see something that's like a fraudulent black belt or a suspect black belt, we all kind of go, "Huh?" And we kind of call attention to it. Now, maybe it's because the people that are vouching for the money guy, maybe it's because he has, you know, friends that are effective. They're very uh very high ranking, very highly respected people. And maybe maybe there's something to that. But also maybe it's something about society where it's harder and harder to draw boundaries and just simply say no like this is not okay, right? We're not going to allow this to happen and everything just like no just be just be nice. I don't know. I don't know. But I think it's important for jiu-jitsu to maintain some level of that to keep the sort of the martial arts sharp. I'm not saying we have to go run around and be a bunch of crazy bullies to people or whatever, but you know, call it when you see it. What do you guys think? I'm curious. Again, a lot of times when I do these videos with you where I'm talking about this stuff. It's more of me talking with you guys and I'm getting it. It allows me to have my finger on the pulse like what do you what do what does everybody else think? Because again, I come from a jiu-jitsu started jiu-jitsu, you know, 20 something years ago. 2003 is when I began. Different time period, different culture, different mindset. A lot of you guys are getting into this in the last fiveish years, last year, whatever it is. You may see things very differently. But what do you guys think? Do you think it's important for jiu-jitsu to call out fake or suspect black belts? Or do you think we should just leave it alone? Yeah, not a big deal. It's just a black belt. No biggie. Do you think it's important for us as a martial art to try to stay sharp so that this way, even if the person is training at a gym that's maybe a lower training intensity gym? You know, it's a it's a guy who's like in his 40s with his two kids and his wife and they train at a good clip, but they're not training super super hard. But nonetheless, they're putting in their time. and they're learning the fundamentals of all this stuff. They're not going to be the 25-year-old that trains all day long and does nothing but train and compete. Different situations. Yes, this person could beat this person, but it doesn't mean that this person is any less a black belt than this person, right? They've put in their time. They're keeping the tradition alive of effectiveness and realist uh realistic training, doing the rolling, doing the live training. Is it important to keep that alive? Is it important to keep that sharp? Because jiu-jitsu's obviously gotten softer than it used to be, right? Because we allow people to access it in different levels. It used to be very a hardcore sport where you come in and train hard and if you don't, you just leave. Now we give people like things like beginner classes where they may roll very little or roll not a roll at all and we build them up. And then I think in my opinion the skill level at the highest end of jiu-jitsu is higher than it's ever been. And the lower end is lower than it's ever been. But some of that lower end, I think, is because you're allowing people to work up instead of coming into a gym where it's a bunch of a bunch of friaking crazy, you know, Spartan warrior types that basically are just training really hard. And then, you know, if you're not in if you're not of that ilk, you can't fit in versus we can find different gyms for everybody. And you have those highly competitive, highly skilled gyms. And then you have the gyms where they're skilled, but they're maybe not training as hard. And then you have gyms where it's a little bit lower intensity, but they can train for a long time and they can do all the other stuff that they have to do in their life. But nonetheless, everybody is still maintaining some level of tradition. I' I've gone into several gyms where again, you can roll with them for a few seconds and you realize they're not training super super hard, but they're still good, right? They're still really good. And I think that's important that even our like what we would consider sort of our lower end of the spectrum as far as intensity or skill or you know whatever effectiveness is still pretty damn good. What do you guys think? Do you think it's important to keep that? Anyways, just a couple ideas to chew on guys. Chatting with you guys today and uh talk to you guys next time. [Music]