Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we got a question from new Chiu-jitsu or Chu Crew subscriber, that's my daily email named Chad. And he says, "Hey, man. Would love to know the name of the dextrose um supplements that you use in the electrolyte mix recipe that you have." Um, and so I figured what I would do is take you guys through the stuff that I put in my um my mixture right here before rolling sessions and lifting sessions. It will change sometimes depending on if it's a second session in the day. I'll talk about that in a second, but this is kind of the base. So, it'll begin first. I'll This is I have no affiliation with this company. This is just the the brand of aminos that we were using. So, this is just basically it's an EAA powder, essential amino acids, some BCAAs. Um, and there's some hydro like some electrolytes and stuff like this already in it. And it tastes really good. So, tastes like blue raspberry. So, there's that. And then the sort of like ingredient. By the way, this is there's no sugar in this. Okay. Now, here's like the biggie, right? Dextrose. As far as what brand, I just get this one because it's cheap and it's effective. It's fine. And Dextrose. So, again, like right now, I'm in a cut getting ready for a competition. And so, you know, my carbs drop throughout the day. And so, during those training sessions, I need a little bit of a boost of energy. And I can use dextrose, which is a fast acting sugar. I'll drink it before and during my workouts. And again, it helps out a ton whether I'm lifting weights or doing jiu-jitsu. And so I'll take this and use a certain amount. Again, I don't want to give you my number, but I'm going to have a certain amount of dextrose in each one of these shakes uh to make sure that I get the amount of carbohydrates that I need to support my training. Uh next is going to be creatine monohydrate. Again, creatine is awesome. I'll typically have at least 5 grams a day, somewhere up some on a lot of days upwards of closer to 10 grams, which is perfectly fine. Um, there's a lot of good benefits to creatine, both for training and like muscle, but also for like your brain health. And then I throw about 10 grams of glutamine into it if I'm lifting. And again, I've seen different studies that say, "Oh, glutamine is helpful." Some say it's not. I just throw it in there. My coach said to do it, and it seems to help me out, so I throw it in there. And so this altogether, an EA sort of powder with some flavor alternatively. And sometimes like if I'm in a pinch, I will have a Gatorade um and I'll just take out the dextrose cuz it's already got the sugar and I'll just have Gatorade with creatine and glutamine together. And then also too, in some cases, if I'm training super heavy and I'm sweating a lot, especially in the summertime, I'll throw a uh I'll throw a packet of element, the LA minty uh I'll throw a packet of element into the mix just for some extra hydration. But as far as it goes, this is what I'm doing, brother. So, you were asking kind of like what I put in my like dextrose uh mix and all that stuff. This is basically it. EA powder, dextrose, glutamine and creatine. And then in a pinch, we take out the dextrose if I'm traveling. Sometimes I'll just do Gatorade in L of that and sometimes a element pack in there. And again, I do this when I'm training and when I'm lifting. Super helpful. So, for some of you guys, if you're cutting weight or whatever and you just need a little bit of a boost or if you just sometimes need a boost, especially you're getting into training or a lot of you guys, I hear this all the time. People say, "Oh man, you know, I can't uh I can't really eat anything before training because it makes me feel sick." I hear that all the time. And if that's the case, you can take this and get some some fast acting sugars into the system to help fuel you during your workouts. And again, it feels a lot better than not having it. One of my one of my guys here, DT, I remember he was like super resistant to this. He was like, "No, man. I fast all the time. I do this low carb stuff, all the all the stuff." But then got he got on the diet with me and uh Eli and all the guys right doing it and again he swear buys this now and again he has a lot of energy for it. So anyway, just sharing that with you guys. If you guys want a little more energy, that's how I do it. And uh hopefully it helps you. [music]