Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, I'm here in Vegas for the CGI 2 event. Day one has ended. Going to see day two later on, but man, we got to talk about the controversial taps from day one. So, on my very first day of jiu-jitsu, I remember my coach telling me kind of how to tap properly, which was few things. One, I can tap to their body multiple times. 1 2 3 1 2 1 2 3 something like that. Tapping the mat in the same way. Verbally tapping, which could be saying tap or just yelling. And if you hear someone yell or gurgle or make some crazy noise, you were told to let go. And then as a ref in some matches where, you know, I'd go ref different competitions, I remember it was just sort of, you know, understood that especially with younger people like that are a little bit more flexible that sometimes their body is going to be a little bit more gumby than say ours, right? Because sometimes these young kids, their arms bend back a little bit in different ways, which I mean mine don't do that. My arm would be destroyed and they're completely fine. And it was kind of understood that you're kind of looking for body language, too. What are they doing? Right? because sometimes you'd want to step in to save them from harm, but they're not at the end range for them personally, right? And so you're reading for these things. You're reading for the the the multiple taps, the verbal tap, or you're looking at body language. Is this person do they look like they're in trouble? Do they look like they're hurt? That kind of thing. That was what I always understood was kind of what you're looking for when it comes to tapping. Now, I bring all this up because one of the more controversial moments of the competition on day one was Gian Carlo versus Taylor Pyramid. They're having a good match. They're going back and forth. Taylor gets a bite on a heel hook. He begins to apply pressure. And then Gian Carlo takes his hand and he taps the inner thigh and quickly moves it to the other part of the leg. So it wasn't multiple taps in the same place. He goes one, two, and it looks like he starts to try to shove the leg. And as he's doing it, there's no audible anything. And his face is stone cold. And he's looking like he's trying to push the legs out. And another day at the office. Nothing about his body language would sort of signal that, hey, I'm in trouble. The ref didn't stop the match, but Taylor thought that he tapped. He said, man, I I, you know, he got up and just said, "No, this this guy tapped. I I'm not going to keep going." Even though the ref said go, even though Jim Carl was like, "No, I didn't tap. Let's keep going." They eventually stopped the match and they award the win to Taylor. And this is a big deal because at this event, because it's a quintet format, which again, just as a side note, I'm not a big fan of because of all the draws and everything else it creates. Now there's not a lot of submissions and that puts them even because at this point you know Jean Carl scored a a win now now they're neck andneck with each other it's a big deal and so you know looking at that couple things right and first off what do you guys think do you think Gian Carlo tapped or do you think it was just premature now just from my standpoint just to share I've talked to Gian Carlo a few times I've had him on the podcast I've seen him win and lose in competitions seems like an honorable competitor from what I've noticed could be wrong about that I guess but seems like he's on the up and up. And so I don't I don't feel like he would lie about it. Also, Taylor, I genuinely believe he thought that the guy tapped and he was probably trying to save him from getting his his knee hurt because that's what we do a lot of times as competitors. Sometimes we apply submissions in jiu-jitsu. It's part of our culture. We'll talk about in a second and comparing it to judo and other sports. But when sometimes you're applying a submission, sometimes you will let go early because you don't want to hurt someone, right? You want to get the win, but you don't want to hurt them. Because in jiu-jitsu competitions, there's a lot of aggression. There's a lot of intensity, but there's not a lot of animosity. We don't hate these people. We just want to get the win. So, we want to make sure that we can both go train the next day if possible. And so, again, he stops the match. But the issue that I have with that match is that the refs stop, the competitor says stop. And I think that's a problem because as competitors, we don't get to decide. You go until the ref says stop. We don't get to decide that. If the ref says go, then you got to go. And again, there have been times where again, the refing is a tough job, especially these big events. The ref is always going to piss someone off. But as competitors, we have to play the play what's given to us. And sometimes we like the calls we're given. Sometimes we don't. But nonetheless, we're given those calls and we got to play the hand that we're given by the ref. And so, I didn't like that they gave it to him. I personally, I saw the different angles. I watched it multiple times. I didn't think it was a tap. I did not see multiple. I didn't see body language. I didn't see verbal. Nothing. nothing. Like if that was in the gym, I wouldn't think that that was a tap. The other controversial one was Gio Martinez. He was against the guy Bal and he's going in there and Bal puts him in an ankle lock. He turns over and it I saw it from the front and it looked like a tap. It looked like Gio touched the leg multiple times in the same spot and he said it wasn't a tap, which again I I trust him. He's been he's a seasoned competitor. I've never seen him do anything like that before. So I don't think he has a reason to lie about it. Maybe his hand just flinched. I don't know. But nonetheless, the ref stopped that one. And so that's just that's it, right? Doesn't matter if you didn't or whatever. Your hand was down there. And if the refs said that was it, that was it. I thought that he tapped. I saw some different angles where it was a little sketchy. Maybe not quite a tap. I trust Gio. I don't think he tapped, but nonetheless, the ref the refs stopped that match because he thought it was a tap. Handing it back off to you guys for a second. Do you think Gio tapped? Now, here's an idea to chew on. This is something I've been thinking about for a while, right? As jiu-jitsu gets into these bigger stages, the intensity grows, the prize money grows and the just the whole situation grows to a much bigger stage. I wonder because I remember talking to a highle judoka, a guy that competed at the world stage like world championships, the Olympics, so forth. And I remember him all the all of which dwarf whatever we have in jiu-jitsu at this point. And he was talking about competing one time and putting someone in his juji, right, his armbar, right? So, he's applying the armbar to someone and he's putting pressure on it and he says that he begins to put so much pressure that the arm starts to crack and break. He's feeling just pops and everything else. His stomach is turning. He said, "Bro, it was disgusting." Then you're filling this arm right in front. It just doesn't feel good. And he knows he's hurting the guy. He doesn't like it. The whole deal. But he kept going. And I remember asking him. I said, "Well, why did you keep going?" And he said, "Because the ref didn't stop the match." So, I had to keep going. And I remember watching the match later on and sure enough he has the armbar. He's pulling it to the side. The other person, I mean, their body language is flailing. You can tell they're in wincing and pain. They're tapping multiple times right here. And for whatever reason, I don't know what happened with the ref, but the ref gave it like a 1,00 like a second and a half before he stepped in to signal, hey, the match is over. And then he let go of the armbar. And I was thinking about some of the matches that I've seen in jiu-jitsu over the last couple years, right, where you will see certain people apply submission holds very quickly. They grip them and rip them, just send them home instantly. And a lot of times because of the jiu-jitsu culture, we look at that and frown upon. We're like, "Hey man, you got to give someone time to tap. You can't just rip it like that. You're hurting people's knees. You're popping their feet. You're tearing their shoulders. Whatever." But again, in say judo, I mean again, I don't know the situation now, but reading about it and seeing some of the older matches, that's the way that it is. I remember reading Dave Camaro's book where he was talking about adapting jiu-jitsu to his judo, and he said that when he would go for his flying arm bars that he was very famous for, he would try to break the arm on the way down because the way that it works is if in judo, and I again, I don't know if this is still the case with the rules, but if I pick you up off the ground and you have an arm and you're dangling from me at the bottom, you have to let go. because if I pick you off the ground, the I pick you up off the ground, the idea is that I could drop you on your head. And so for safety reasons, they don't want them to get slammed on their neck and get hurt badly, so they stop the match and restart. So he said a lot of times he would try to just send it home, break the arm by the time he got to the bottom. And he said in several cases, some of these tough Russian and Eastern European cats wouldn't tap to it and they would be fighting with a broken arm. And so you couldn't always depend on the tap. happen. So he said anytime he applied a submission, he was trying to finish it as quickly as possible, which again for us in jiu-jitsu goes against our culture. And so I'm wondering if our culture is going to change with that, at least in competition. Obviously in the gym, it has to be more safe because you can't run around just gripping and ripping everybody and destroying your training partners and not having anybody to roll with and, you know, people avoiding you. That's not going to help you get better. But for competition, are we going to get to a point where we just start ripping stuff? And do we need to make it more explicitly clear Multiple taps, yelled tap, wait for the ref to stop the match. Don't stop it on your own because you are the competitor. You don't get to decide. I don't know. These are just questions that I'm asking myself. I as I watched the first day, getting ready to go back over there for day two. Excited about it. The events good. I am going to be doing a full length podcast on it. Um and then we'll also be doing some more videos. And again, I just saw this and it just it's something I've been thinking about because of the nature of some of the fast versus sort of slowly applied submissions and seeing that it's like, huh, just made me think about the idea of tapping and I figured I'd bring it up with you guys as an idea to chew on. So, let me know what you guys think down in the comments below. Whatever this video sparked in you, whatever you want to throw out in the mix and I'll also put a link down to the actual CGI live stream. I think it'll be up at the time of recording this for till Monday or whatever until you then you got to go watch it on flow. But nonetheless, let me know what you guys think and maybe I'll see you guys over at the event if you're watching this before day two. Talk to you next time. [Music]