Kind: captions Language: en So guys, back in 2012, there was an event that was probably the biggest jiu-jitsu event at its time. Big production value, big leadup, exciting headlining match. It was a big deal. I remember getting my uh my gym together. We did a little watch party at the gym, but the actual event itself was kind of boring. It wasn't very entertaining at all. And then some of the matches were, but the event overall wasn't that entertaining. This organization did several competitions afterwards and they always had the same thing. Great production, big leadup, big headlining matches, but man, the events were just always kind of boring. But the event was Metamorus. And if you're newer, you probably don't know what that is, but if you're an old-timer like me, then you remember Metamorus, right? And basically, it was boring because of draws. It was a sub only, which we think is supposed to, you know, make things exciting because you're going for the finish, but there was no way to decide who a winner and a loser was. if the submission doesn't happen. And as we all know, sometimes you don't get the submission in jiu-jitsu. And so you had all these draws. And so you walked away from that event going something's missing. Someone I was talking to earlier, they're saying kind of it's like a flatline, right? The excitement just gets muted. In the very first event for Metamorus, it was Hiron Gracie and Andre Gavo. like here on basically balled up and defended and Andre is running around but against a good black belt and if they don't make exposure trying to go for something it's very hard to get something right when you get a good black belt someone who has good solid rock solid fundamentals and defense and everything else it's really hard to get anything on them if they don't expose themsel to go for offense because when we go for something that's typically when you find your openings when someone's trying to go for something and they extend themselves now I'm I'm talking about this because you know the CGI I won. One of the big things I loved about the CGI1 format was that it was multiple rounds, relatively short rounds, but there was always a winner and a loser. There was never going to be a draw. Someone always got their hand raised. Two people go in, one person gets their hand raised every single time. That creates excitement. It keeps it going. There's something to that, right? There's a nice snappy conclusion. If you've ever watched like one of those uh movies, sometimes they're like the creative films that maybe u me, you know, knuckle drag or meattheads like me don't really care for where they don't have that nice conclusion. They're kind of open-ended. Sometimes you walk away from them going, "hm, it's missing something." And after the first day of the CGI, I you know, it's a it's an exciting event. It's good. I like it. And again, I don't want to sound like I'm crapping all over it because I'm not. I'll talk more about the goods and the bad and everything else when I do the full length podcast on this later on uh this coming week. But there's something missing that the first one had. And again, it's kind of hard to capture lightning in a bottle twice. But one of the things when they were putting out the format for this tournament, I remember when they initially announced teams, I was excited about teams because I thought they were going to be a duels format, right? Where we line up our weight classes and we battle it out each weight separately, right? But then they announced it was a quintet and I'm just not a quintet fan. It's kind of an interesting format, but it always does a couple things I don't like. One, there's draws, which you can't have a draw. There has to be a winner and a loser, at least in my bearded opinion. And then two, it really nerfs the smaller weights, right? Like at this event, for instance, the 66 and the 77, it's tough for them unless they end up with someone who's of the same weight. If you're the 66, that's a tough road. There were several times where the 66 are going up against people 30 40 pounds plus heavier than them and you know I think it was Owen Jones goes against who was it Kanan and he celebrated because he drew the draw but it's not really a draw though we'll talk about in a second but he celebrated not losing and again that's not what you want from these situations you want to incentivize going for it but it's hard to be you know outsized that much by someone who's at and again it's different if it's some you know sort of normal normal person in your gym, it is a different situation if it is a worldclass athlete who's, you know, shredded to the gills and they've got 30 or 40 pounds on you, right? And so, you know, you have that thing going on in every a lot of the matches, you know, most of the matches were draws or they weren't submissions cuz that's another thing. They're not exactly draws because they do count. Judges are scoring them, but they're tiebreers at the end, but we don't get to see the hands raised. And I think that's really important. I think that at the end we should it's for an excitement standpoint from a spectator we should see two people go in who won the match we should be able to see that and if the judges scored it why don't we see that why don't we see the hand gets raised because that's that's a you know the cheering the excitement you're excited for it like one of the matches I think it was Kenta went against the I think the plus 999 Ryan Bane right he went after him he went for takedowns and pressure passing and upper body stuff he didn't just try to play the submission game from the bottom to the leg lock he went right at him toe to toe show and it was an impressive performance. I wanted to see that guy get his hand raised, but instead it's like, "Oh, okay. Send you back there." And, you know, it counts, but it's kind of behind the scenes. And again, going back to the Metamorous issue in that old event, you would see these matches where you have worldclass people and, you know, they would roll a little bit and because there wasn't a definite winner and a loser at the end, a lot of times you'd see someone shell up because if they shell up, at least they don't lose. And a lot of times if you understand human psychology, we will do a lot more to avoid pain than we will to move towards like our desires in a lot of cases, right? So they may really want to go for the submission, but you know what they don't want to do? They don't want to get submitted. They don't want to look bad. They don't want to lose the match by submission and their stock go down. So you know what? I'll just play safe. And in a lot of cases, you always sort of heard this reoccurring theme where, hey guys, I tried my best. I'll do better next time and I'll see you guys at the next one. But again, if you're not keeping it exciting, people aren't going to come back and watch it. in that quintet format. I think it creates a lot of passivity. I think Craig did it right last year and you saw this with the female matches, right? Like the Sarra Gavo match. That was a great match. Three, fiveminute rounds, winner, loser. We know who's as the the the fans, we know who's winning this thing and there's a definite winner at the end. I I think it's what you got to do. You can't have draws no matter what. Two people have to come in. One person has to get their hand raised. Now, you could do that with the format they're doing. just let us in on who who got scored the win and get their hand raised in front of us. We'll all be excited about that as fans since you're already doing it. And maybe next year, this is just, you know, my uh my if someone's watching this, this would be my encouragement. Do it like a duels. Do like a wrestling duel meet, right? Where you, if you guys aren't familiar with wrestling, you will get a certain amount of points to your team if you pin the person, if you beat them by X amount of points or if you beat them by like a close decision, right? You get certain amount of points for that for your team. And so to me it would make more sense to say, well, you get maybe three points for a submission and one point for a judges decision. So each match counts no matter what. Now submissions are still the most prized thing, but even if you win, right, you still get a point for your team. So every match counts. And there were several matches where you could tell guys were playing very passive and their whole thing was like just knock this person out, which is the right strategy. Knock this person out, don't get submitted, which means that you're not really going for anything. Now again, I want to stress this. I like Craig, what he's doing with the CGI. I like the event. I I slept my butt all the way here, paid for tickets, the whole deal. I was ready to support it. He even offered me. He sent me a message. He said, "Hey, man, like we can get you some tickets or whatever." Like, "No, dude. I'm buying tickets. I already got tickets. So, like, I'm here to support it, right? I want to vote with my dollars. I want you to keep doing this." And so, when I share this with you, this is just where I'm thinking about again. And it's like when you watch when you have a competition match, it's like, you know, the good stuff is the good stuff. But it's always when you're looking at, well, what could we do better? That's just kind of where my mind always kind of goes. What can we do to improve? And so this is not a poop and I don't I don't poop all over anybody in my videos anyway. That's not how I do things. But when I'm watching it, it's an exciting event. It's a well prodduced event. The crowd's energy was good. It was a great event overall. But when I talked to people, I was talking to tons of you guys at the event. Everybody had the same sort of feeling. We're like something's missing, right? It's like you're you're eating some soup and you're just like there's something missing there that uh we would like to see. And I think the big the big sort of fly in the ointment is that you can't have a exciting thing like a competition and have draws. This is why like you know as Americans we don't like soccer. They you have draws, right? Like we have to we have overtimes in all of our sports, right? There is going to be a winner and a loser. And I think you have to have the same thing with with this you know it's um you have to have that end that nice snappy conclusion. Who won this thing? And I think that it would make more sense to do it that way and also get points. So this way, every one of those matches means something. So anyway, that's my thoughts. Now on to you guys with this whole thing. What do you guys think? What did you think about CGI 2? What did you think about the format? What did you think about the quintet style? Did you think it was really exciting? Did you think it was maybe a little bit more passive or, you know, whatever, right? What were your thoughts about day one? Uh, I'm going to be heading over to day two in a little bit and excited to see that. Excited to see it sort of conclude the whole thing. But let me know your thoughts down in the comments below and maybe I'll see some of you guys there. [Music]