Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? So today's question comes from a fellow jiu-jitsu coach whose name is Adam. He's a purple belt and he's teaching some of the kids classes at his gym. Now he says most of the time the kids classes go great. The kids are on the ball. They're, you know, they're with it. They're doing what they need to do. But every so often, you know, the class just sort of spirals out of control. The kids get a little wild. They're all over the place. And he feels like he's just stressed out. He's not able to help these kids get better. and he sends me a message just asking if I have any ideas on how to bring control to class, wrangle the kids back in. So this way he doesn't feel like he's hurting cats as he says in his message. That's funny that particular term hurting cats. That's uh I've heard that from a lot of kids coaches. So he's looking for some ideas to get control of the class so he can teach the kids so he can be more effective as a coach and help the kids improve. So Adam, thanks for the question, brother. And I recently shared this tip that I'm going to give you with you in one of my um business and marketing and coaching emails. If you guys are interested in business marketing and content creation and coaching, all the stuff that I do that does that makes the gym stuff that I do possible, but isn't necessarily jiu-jitsu specific. You can check it out on my website. There's a link down here below that will send it to you. I send it out on Sundays, typically Sunday mornings, and goes out. And I shared this recently, got some positive feedback from some of the coaches who have tried it. But here's some ideas for you to chew on. There's a lot of things that could be going on, right? It could be the way that you structure the class isn't ideal for kids because you have to teach kids typically a little different than with adults. Um, you kids have a different energetic level, so to speak. So, there's a lot of different things, but assuming that the the class structure is good and that, you know, you're doing well, here's a little trick for you that I have found is really effective. I use this not with just with kids, I use this with anybody that I'm coaching. It's very effective. one of my coaches that I that coaches me with nutrition, me and him were talking about this. He basically does a version of this when he's coaching people with their diets and they're not staying on track. So, here's the idea. If I get a class and every now and then it happens, doesn't happen too often these days, but used to. I would have to wrangle the kids back in. What I would do is I would first, if they're getting a little wild or whatever, I would just get stone cold quiet and just look at them. And then you would watch one of the kids would turn and go, "Oh, oops. He's He's not He's not smiling. He's not making no any responses anymore. He's not doing anything. He's just staring there looking at us. I also I have sort of resting face. Like I have this very prominent like thick brow. This is my like resting face which my wife tells me is not the most uh friendly looking face. And then if I'm thinking it's even worse, right? So I remember asking my wife one time. I said, 'Hey, you know, when you when people meet me for the first time, what do you think they think? And she said, 'Well, they probably think you're pissed off because you look angry all the time. So, this is my resting face, and I have to do this just to like look like I'm not angry. So, I I have that benefit working, you know, with me, right? So, if I just let my face rest, and all of a sudden, I look grumpy and I'm dead quiet, and I'm not really quiet in my classes. I'm very like active with the kids. The kids start to get quiet. One kid goes to the next, hey, hey, hey, shut up. Shut up. And then they all get quiet. And as soon as I get quiet, I'm like, "All right." And I speak very sort of softly for the the situation that we're in, you know, because a lot of times I'm projecting my voice. Hey guys, you're over there. You're doing this. Whatever. Now, I speak very softly. I want them to have to lean in a little bit and listen to me. I'm not whispering, but I'm speaking a little softer than I would be. And I start to ask them a series of questions. And I say, "Hey, like you guys are here right now. How many of you guys want to be really good at jiu-jitsu?" And I'm looking around. They all raised their hand. Okay. How many of you guys would like to be a world champion? Um like and I would point to some of the people on our wall like my student Chad who won, you know, Teenage Nogi Pans and Noi Worlds. Uh we've got a couple other guys that have won a lot of big competitions like how many of you guys would like to be like them to win these things, right? How many you guys would like to be able to do this like one of my students, Chad, who runs a gym down there. How many of you guys would like to be able to do that? How many you guys would like to be able to stand up to your bullies and feel be stronger and all this, you I just start seeing all these positive things that we all know that we want. All the hands go up constantly. Yeah, I want that. I want that. I want that. Okay, cool. And then I'll ask them. I'll say, "Hey guys, what do you think you need to do in order to make that happen?" And they give me all the answers that we need. focus, listening, pay attention, work hard. You know, the things the things that we know we need to do in order to get the things that we want, the things that they know they need to do to get the things they want, right? And so I ask those questions and then I say, "Okay, cool. Well, look guys, you're not doing that right now. So, let's take a quick water break and when we come back, let's do all that stuff. Let's act like that." Boom. I've got them for the rest of the class. And I tell the kids also, by the way, and I I mean this sincerely. I'm like, if you guys don't want to be here, you do not have to be here. This is not daycare. This is not a babysitting thing. If you do not want to be here and you're like, I absolutely hate this stuff. You let me know. I'll talk to your parents. You don't have to do this. You never have to come back here again because I don't want you to be here if you don't want to be here. There's no reason to. Right? If it's hard and you're just having a rough day, that's one thing. But if you just hate this thing, tell me. We don't have to be here. I'm not a babysitter and I don't want I don't want you to feel trapped. I want you to enjoy your time here instantly. Got them. And when they come back from their little water break, they come back, it's generally smooth sailing. And then if it's the same kids over and over again, you're constantly reiterating this to them, kind of going through these motions. It basically you have control them because all you have to do is then anytime they get out of out of line, you're like, "Hey, what are we supposed to be doing today, Bob?" probably not named Bob, but whatever the kid's name is. Hey, I got to work hard. I got to focus. Okay, why aren't you doing that? You're right, coach. Okay, like we're we're back to it. And the reason why this works is because I'm not talking at them. I'm not telling them, hey guys, you need to focus. You need to pay attention. I'm asking you, what do you want? Do you want these things? Because this is what I'm trying to give you. And if you do, then why are you doing them? And this works really well from anybody in coaching. Like I said, my my coach Eli that does all my diet and strength training and stuff, he works with a lot of people. And when he gets we were just talking about this the other day when we were doing our private lesson, when someone comes to him and they say, "Hey, I want to lose weight." He gives them the diet. And then they come back to him and they did not follow the diet. And they tell them, "Hey, I did not follow the diet." He then asks, "Well, hey, do has our goals changed? Do we still want this?" Now, he's not saying this to be a a smartass to them. He's literally saying, "Have the goals changed because your actions are saying that your goals have changed. If not, why aren't we on the diet? I gave you the foods to eat. Why aren't you doing it?" And again, this is one of the powers of a coach, right? We can put up that mirror to the people because a lot of times this is it's one of those things you think about kids. The parent does this for the kids. They help kind of shape them and when their kids are screwing up, when they're growing up, the parent helps kind of keep them in check. As adults, a lot of times we don't have that. We don't have people over top of us. And this is one of the powers of a coach where, you know, left to our own devices, a lot of people, not everybody, but a lot of people start to do things that they know they don't want to do because they don't line up with who they want to become, but they do it anyway. And so, as a coach, he does that. Like asks questions. I do the same thing sometimes with some of the students who, you know, if I'm sponsoring for a competition, I say, "Okay, what competition do you want to do? That's a big competition. Are you training enough? What do you think it's going to what do you think you're going to need to do in order to make that happen?" Okay. Well, why aren't you doing that? Because that's what we need to do to make this happen, right? Because again, most people have some semblance of an idea as to what they need to do. If you ask most people, you just need to lose weight. Hey, what would you need to change right now to lose weight? Oh, stop eating at McDonald's. Stop drinking every night, you know, so forth. Well, why don't you just start with those things? Why aren't you doing those? And so, going back to the kids though, it's a really powerful tool, a little powerful little trick there. And it's sincere because as you as a coach, I imagine you want the best for your students. Like me, I want to like get these kids. I want them to be good. I want them to be strong. I want them to be able to stand up to their bullies. I want them to win competitions to feel the confidence of getting that gold medal. Whatever it is, I want them to experience the beautiful parts of this thing. And the only way we get there is with the focus. Now, again, there could be class structure elements that would have to be picked out of your stuff to really see if that's ideal for the kids. cuz if you're teaching a boring class, it's not tailored for a kids sort of mindset, then that's a problem. But generally speaking, if you have a good class, it's working for the kids, then just reel them back in. Hey, what do you guys want out of this? And I would tell you that over the last I've used that tool, that little adjustment there. For since probably 2016, I've had one kid, there was one kid that came up to me and he was like, "Hey, I don't want to do this. My parents make me come here. I went to the parents, talked to them, and we just canceled their membership. No big deal. I didn't do it. And I wasn't canceling it as like, "Hey, I don't want you guys around." But I'm saying, "Hey, listen. I don't think that they want to do this. Find something for them that they want to do because that kid had been with us for about four or five months and they just weren't into it." Understandable. Sometimes it's like that. They weren't even bad at jiu-jitsu. They were okay at it. They just didn't like it. Hey, no problem. No, no harm, no foul. I want the people that want to be here. Let's get after it. Right. And so to your idea, Adam, to your question, Adam, that is an idea for you to chew on next time they're all getting riled up and you feel like you're hurting cats. Get quiet. Stone cold quiet, speak a little softer. Make them lean in a little bit and then start to ask them questions. What do you guys want out of this? Do you want to do these things? Do you want to do these things? Think about all the positive things that you're trying to bestow on them. And then when they say, "Yes, I want those. I want those." Ask them, "What do you want?" Or, "Excuse me, not what do you want, but what do you what do you think you need to do in order to get those things?" and they will tell you all the responses that you're looking for and all the different traits that you're looking for. And then you say, "Okay, well, show me that then." And then bring them back in. Um, it works really well. Um, I've used that for a long time and that's been very easy for me to just be able to get control to class without having to do punishments, without having to make them do stuff like push-ups and everything else all the time. I still use those every now and then if I just need to get them in control for a second, but rarely. Most of the time I can do that and I got them for the rest of the class. And then, you know, once you've gotten the kids sort of subjected to that, then all you got to do is when they come in and they're getting out of line, hey, hard work, focus, listening. You guys said it, not me. So, anyways, Adam, hopefully that's helpful to you, brother. Thank you for the question. Talk to you guys next time. [Music]