Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we got a question from Chris, who is a fresh new purple belt. He's also 50 years old, and he's wondering, "How can I improve my ability to think ahead?" Sort of chess, not checkers. Um, with setups, chaining attacks together, and other cool stuff that purple belts and higher belts are supposed to be good at. Um, I do great against the younger guys, less experienced guys, and, you know, loves training, but he feels like he should be better than he is. And so, he's asking if I have any tips on strategy, that sort of thing. So, Chris, thanks for the question, brother. So, you are at purple belt, and I've talked about this before, but I see purple belt in that sort of time period of your training as kind of the prototype belt. It's where you start sort of laying the foundation for what's going to become at least your style for a good while. Many of my purple belts in the gym will develop a certain section of their game that becomes black belt level. Like my young black belt back there, you might see him. Let's see right here, Chad. who their their picture got messed up. He actually is like the tallest guy back there, but somehow he looks like the shortest. Chad from a very young age when he was a purple belt had a black belt level triangle. He would go to competitions. He would submit black belts with triangles. I mean, he was nasty with this full guard triangle game. It was brutal. Used to catch me in it all the time. It was frustrating as hell. Now, the rest of his game was not fully fleshed out yet. Still needed a lot of work. But that particular area, man, he had setup after setup. And once he got you in his little trap, you were fighting one thing after the other and he was a step ahead of you, just like you're talking about, right? I've been like this with my guard passing for a long time, right? So my guard passing from a pretty like purple brown belt level was basically black belt level and I would roll with black belts and if I could get them into my particular style of guard passing, I could basically chip away at their guard until I was able to pass. Still needed a lot of work elsewhere, but this particular area was like this. And again, how do you develop that ability in, you know, your guard, your sweeps, your submissions, whatever it is to think ahead of the person, to be ahead of the person, right? Well, I would tell you that it comes from you working on that particular area a lot. Okay? There is a component of knowledge from it for sure, but one of the most important parts about it is going to be your body, your intuition, the muscle memory, having the feel of the position, right? Because you could go watch an instructional and regurgitate whatever that coach said and it might sound smart, but then you go try to roll and you can't do a lick of it because it's not just here. This is a part of it. We have to have it in this thing. This the your body is what does the work for you, right? You're not just doing a lecture. And so you have to get into those positions. And so what I would tell you to do, bro, what a good starting place for you to be would be to pick out a guard position, a guard pass, a top position, like a dominant position. Think mount back mount side control, and you start to work towards a specific style of those to focus on. So, for instance, me when I was a purple belt to brown belt, I was really good from half guard, a little bit of butterfly guard, but especially my half guard. That was my first really good guard position that I felt effective with. On top, I had this really good pressure passing style from like an overunder half in uh half guard, chest to chest, which I still do to this day. And that was my guard passing. And then on top for me, it was always about getting to the back mount, side control, back mount. These days, I have a lot more mount involved, but back then it was all about side control. either getting an arm lock or going to back mount, which I still have those as well, but that was my style back then. And so everything that I would do as far as my agame would revolve around those things. And so I would focus all of my attention on that. And so, you know, if you if I was studying instructionals, it would be on those areas as much as possible. When I was rolling, it was about using those things. When I was getting ready for a competition, it was about using those things. Now, there's not to say that you can't take in new information and you're going to for sure. But when you're talking about thinking steps ahead, you're not going to be able to think steps ahead about every single position, right? This is why when people in competitions and when you watch the best jiu-jitsu practitioners, they are synonymous with a position or a technique because that little area is where they have everything mapped out, right? They have all the side roads, the detours, and the main roads. They have everything mapped out so that if one thing gets blocked, they go this direction. And to develop that ability, you have to focus on those positions over and over again. Because what you will find is that when you start to use a particular pass, a sweep, a submission, whatever it is, people will defend in a certain way. And the the the ways that people defend typically become very predictable and repetitive. And then you begin to adjust to those. And as you take in new information, you can say, "Oh, well, when the person does this, then I do this." And this is how you develop a system, right? If this, then that. If I go for this and they do this, then I do this and if they go for this and I do that, you get the idea. You just go through it like that. But again, that has to be wired into your body. You can't be thinking about it too too much. You have to have the thought process there, but then you also have to have the body reacting because I would tell you in most cases, especially when you're in a good role with someone who's of competitive level with you, a lot of times things happen too fast for you to sit down and, you know, mark out the 17 bullet points of how you're going to do something. It happens like that. And a lot of times for me when I'm competing, as an example, which is an extreme, you know, again, it's like it's like the testing ground for us in jiu-jitsu. When I'm competing, like a lot of times my body's doing stuff and my my mind is following afterwards. It's like my body's reacting to things quicker than I can even think about. That's kind of how you want things to happen. And again, that comes through training. So, identify a couple of positions like I I I talked about in a second or before. And then from there, you focus your training, your attention there. So, every day you walk into the gym, Chris, you always make sure you get a round or two from those positions as many times as you can. Um, and that would be my suggestion to you, being focused. This is one of the reasons why the little ebook that I give away from you guys when you join my um email newsletter, and it's a video, too. I give away a video, an ebook that goes into being more focused with your training because I think for most people, it's one of the simplest things you can do to improve in jiu-jitsu, and it's one of the things that like nobody does. People go into their gym and they're like, "Hey, I'm here." You know, I'm just I'm here to show up. I'm here to be here. But if you want to get better, and by the way, that's not necessarily wrong. But if you want to get better, if you want to improve in jiu-jitsu faster, if you want to break through plateaus and you want to stop plateaus from ever happening, it comes from you having a clear focus as to what you're working on. And so identify what you want to work on from your guard, from your guard passing, from your top position where you're going to submit or if there's another position you have to focus on, right? Maybe one of your escaping positions. But assuming you're kind of a purple butt, you're going to be able to effectively use some of this stuff. Then when you roll with the less experienced people that you know you can control, work on those positions over and over again to get those reps in from those positions, those live reps you need, and then begin crafting that style as a purple belt. So, brother, hopefully that helps you, Chris. Good luck with your training, brother. Thank you for the question. [music]