Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today I'm going to teach you how to be a dirty wrist locker. So, I don't know like why people in jiu-jitsu are so funny about them. Um, but they're really good submissions. I love them because when you get good at wrist locks, people don't like touching you. Like, literally, it's like they're afraid to put their hands in certain places. Um, I've got Marvin here who's going to show it with you today. He's got a hurt wrist or something. What did you do? Hurt your wrist at the competition? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Well, he's got a hurt wrist. I'm not going to slam them on them, but I'm going to show you guys how to use some wrist locks that I've used in competition. And hopefully this helps you become a dirty wrist locker in your gym and piss off your rolling partners. So, I'll show you a couple different ones I've used. Both the uh the gooseeneck and the cowhand. Those are my two that I've used a bunch. And again, the gooseeneck works on most people. Every now and then you'll get someone super flexible. The cowhand almost always works. And you'll find that it happens a lot of times anytime you get people pressing with their hand or if you can get control of the elbow or both, you can start to look for them. Okay? So, I'll give you a couple ideas to think about, couple ideas to chew on. The first one is it's from my arm scoop position. If you guys don't know this already, like how to do this. Um, I've got some videos on the channel that show this. It's a reverse side control, but the real important part is I'm going to scoop this arm up. A lot of people play this position with their elbow in the ground, and it just it's not very effective. You start pulling that arm up like this. Notice what that does to his elbow. It's pulling his elbow to the center line. If you sit down right now and you pull your elbow to the center line, you start to lose a lot of mobility and range in your arm. Whereas out here, you're able to move around. So, you'll see people that get out like this and the person like just move your arm in any range of He's got all kinds of of movement, right? Pulling the arm in. This does a couple things. Again, limits the range of motion. Show me the range of motion you have. Put it he can go in front of me and all that's if he goes in front of me, it's my arm, right? Likewise, it gives me direct control underneath of the elbow, which is what we want. Anytime you want to do a um wrist lock, you have to have control of the elbow because let's say if I'm applying the wrist wrist lock, if I don't have control of the elbow, he just pulls away. If we can't control the elbow, then we have to have the elbow pinned. Again, the elbow can't be able to move because once we start to apply pressure, it has to be locked in and tight. So, from here, the one that I used in one of my who's number one mashes, let's lay your legs down flat, Marvin, just so people can see more easily here. Let's turn this direction and get you just lay your legs flat. Is scooping the arm up here. I was in the position. Guy started to move his arm around and try to get out of it. I got control. And when I get control of a wrist, I've shared this in one of the videos recently. I get my middle finger and thumb locked right here, right? This little divot, this is important, the little divot here, just like so. What this does is one, this allows me to have almost a completely closed grip around his wrist because this is the smallest part. Whereas I if I go up just an inch or so to his forearm, it starts to get thicker. I can't grab his hand over top like that. But right there, smallest part, I can get a pretty good grip. So it does that. It gives me better control, but it also allows me to feel for weakness. So for instance, if I don't feel like this person's wrist is like in like held in tight and sort of taut, then I can simply shove this down. And I've done this so many times, right? I can just get here, push it down, and once the wrist is down, I will focus my push towards the knuckles. So, if you think about it, if I go straight down in the wrist, obviously doesn't do anything, right? So, I want to get my my push down towards the knuckles here. I'll get my body down tight so it doesn't allow him any space to move. A lot of times, I'll start to put my chin down over top of it and then pinch. That's it. Very simple, right? So again, I get here. One, two. Get in the grip. I'm trying to set up my kimora, my my straight arm locks. There's a wrist lock. Super simple. And you can do that from reverse half guard. You can do this from reverse side control, so forth. Let's take a look at the cow hand. I'll show you a way that I set it up. All right, guys. So, let's take a look at the cow hand. I've used this one in competition before. Again, anytime I feel those those hands pressing on me and I'm in a tight position and I can get control or pin the elbow, I can look for the cow hand. You can look for the cow if you want to. So, one of the ones that I've caught a few times is where they'll start to frame up here on my neck, right? Very common. Can give you some trouble um if you don't stop it, right? Cuz if you know, Marvin's a pretty strong guy. So, if I'm just trying to fight in, this can be tough. So, what I'll do is I'll push down just a little bit. Adjust. And what I'm looking to do is get the point that I'm going to be pressing over right over top of the the callousy part of his hands here. He's been lifting weights. So, he's got these nice callous hands and I'm going to be pushing over, right? So, from here, I push down, get my weight over top of the wrist here, and then from there, I'm just going to cup the elbow and keep everything tight. Notice again that I'm using my chin. A lot of times against most people, my chin almost gets right into the bend of the wrist here. Tap &gt;&gt; and I drive down. So, again, we're driving over. So, it's not straight down into the wrist, but you're trying to go over top towards the fingertips. So again, we're here. Maybe we're trying to hold in position. This person's framing up on me. I'll take this hand out for a second. Push just to slide down if I need to. If it's sometimes it's right where it needs to be, but if it isn't where it needs to be, I'll push it down a little bit. Take the chin, pin it to the wrist right here, and then to finish tap. &gt;&gt; There it is. Crunching all that in and pushing in. Super simple, but again, super effective. Now, what does this do for you being the person who's now being a dirty wrist locker? One, it'll probably um you'll have a good laugh with your training partners. When we for anybody that's new in the jiu-jitsu culture, when we say don't be a dirty wrist locker, we're just kind of saying it in fun. It's a completely legitimate submission, there's just something kind of like, ah, you son of a when you get me with a wrist, like opposed to like if I smash you, go to mount, get to Smount, sit there for a minute, and then slowly break you down. There's kind of this god, that guy beat the crap out of me. But sometimes you're rolling and some guy gets a quick wrist lock, you're like like you know you screwed up because you just didn't do this cuz it's really hard to do a wrist lock if you just don't keep your hands tight. Not say it's impossible, but it's a lot tougher, right? So when someone catches you in one of those things, it's kind of a it's kind of a bummer. Now that said, what does this do for you? Well, aside from having that laugh with your training partners, what it also does is it gets people to be cautious about touching you, right? Because if they start to put hands on you and you're immediately attacking wrists, their hands aren't safe. And so a lot of times for them to defend positions, what do they got to do? They've got to start to press with their hands and with their elbows. And if every time they do that, you're already looking for a submission, a lot of times it makes them sort of think twice. And if you can get a person to think twice about and hesitate to use their defense, my friend, that's a beautiful weapon for you, right? Even if you don't use the wrist lock that time, if you even start to attack it and they all of a sudden don't use it, very effective. Reminds me of the same thing like guard passing and leg locks, right? So, for instance, lay down real quick, Marvin. Let's say that Marvin, he's got his guard in here. Okay. If I start to try to pass and Marvin's doing a really good job of letting his legs extend out to stop my guard passing, right, then that's frustrating. But if I start to all of a sudden get bites on his ankle and he pulls back cuz he's like, "Oh man, like that guy's going to go for a leg lock." when I start to pass, he's a little bit more apprehensive, a little bit more hesitant to reach out with his feet, right? And so, you can use it in that same sense where you can make people hesitant to do something they should be doing that is the right move, but again, you have an option for it that could uh be bad for them. So, anyway, hopefully that helps you guys out. I uh I like wrist locks, like sharing them, so hopefully you guys can put that to use. Talk to you guys next time. [Music]