Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we have a question from Ashley who's wondering if I have any collar choke sequences from side control. She likes collar chokes. She likes side control, but she doesn't really use those two together. And so, she's wondering if I have any ideas or any sequences that I like using, and I do. And I'm going to show you a sort of a little tip to make your collar chokes in the ghee more effective by not attacking the collar at all. So, we'll jump into that, Ashley, and hopefully this helps you out. This is uh Marvin, in case you guys didn't know. He's been my assistant for a little bit. So, all right, Ashley. So, let's take a look at some collar choke stuff. So, first off, I want to give you this idea because again, this is something that that's helped me out a ton. Um, actually, I'll give you two ideas, bonus idea. So, first off, when I attack the collar choke, and this is true kind of with any choke, I like having arm attacks that go along with it because typically speaking, the way that a person defends arm attacks is going to be different than the way they defend a choke, right? So, even like if we're in mount position, for instance, if they want to defend their neck, they may come up and bring their hands up. If they want to defend their arms, their arms go down. Okay? So you have the same kind of thing going on here in side control where the way that I if I can get this person to defend their arms, their hands might come together which leaves their neck open. Their neck gets attacked, their hands come up to defend it, the arms become open again. You're following, right? So when you combine those two together, it makes for a a better attack. And so anytime I'm thinking chokes and increasing my ability to choke, I also like to have diversions that could be submissions in their own right. Okay. Another thing is that anytime I'm doing collar chokes in side control or any position on top, a really helpful tip that uh my buddy Muhammad Ali gave me was basically hold the choke longer than what you think, right? Cuz a lot of times like we get there and like let's say if we've like a rear naked choke or something, it's a pretty quick instant choke, right? But in sometimes like when we get a a head and arm choke or something, we have to wait a little bit. It takes a second. Same thing happens here. And I'll illustrate both of these ideas to you. So, first off, one of my favorite ways to attack the the collar choke here is going to be first to set up with an arm attack, right? So, one of my favorite arm attacks is the shotgun arm bar. I've shown that move here several times on the channel. Many of you guys have used that. Every time I like travel and go somewhere, someone's like, "Man, I use the shotgun arm bar all the time." Um, if you don't know the shotgun arm bar, if you want to see it, go down to the link or the description. And I'll put a a whole there's a whole playlist to it, but basically it looks something like this. I start circling and I secure this arm here and I can begin to attack like so. Right? It's a great arm bar. Right? And a lot of people don't respond to it because u there's different grips that I use to sort of disguise the move which I show in the videos on the channel. But we go for the arm lock right now. It's a fantastic move just by itself as a submission. But here's what happens. Let's say that I start grabbing this, right? And this person is starting to defend this. He's like, "Oh man, I'm going to do this." He may try to bring his arm in. What's the most common? Because if I'm actually doing this like this, if you try to bring your hand in, you're not going to be able to. So, his next bet is to bring his hands together. It's probably the most common reaction you'll get. Well, what just happened? His neck's wide open. Right. So, from here, all I've got to do is grab a hold of this little pallet. Now, Jeff, come around this way. I failed to mention this, but as I'm doing this, I'm grabbing this lapel right here. So, I'm grabbing his his collar right here. And then now, when I grab this, I have two sides of it that will wrap around. Right? So, as I'm grabbing this, this will hold tight. I'll grab here, pull across. And here's a tip to make this a nice solid choke versus like cutting into the the wimp pipe. Come around this angle here for me, Jeff. When I grab this ghee, I'm not going to just drop my form in the directly in the neck. What I'm going to do is I'm going to pull the the this part of the the grip here. I call it like the joint or the hinge of this uh this collar choke. You can call it whatever you want, but basically right on this side, I want to pull this across. So this way there's no direct pressure like on the Adam's apple, the front of the neck area. And instead, my form is going to drop right across his neck. So there, this lapel is going to get really tight on the side of his neck. The form though is not or the form is not going to be on the the front of the neck. It's going to be on the side. So from here, I've gotten the lapel here. This will this thumbs in here. I'm going to pull pull here. Now, here's the magic. Okay. To make this thing work, as I'm doing this, go off to the side, Jeff, so you can see my body. Okay. I'm going to get up onto my toes and I'm going to let my weight rest. Probably getting a little bit of uh muffling there on the mic, but I'm going to let my weight rest. The key on doing this one is that I want to let my body weight I'm going to put right here. Mar, if you put your forearms together so I don't hurt your ribs or anything like that. Right there. I'm going to let my body weight sag into it and I will hold it for a little bit longer than what's probably like then obviously they tap we're good than what I might think cuz sometimes the person fights for a second and the choke comes on a little slower than what you're thinking, right? Okay, here's another one that'll work with this. So, let's say I'm trying to set up that shotgun arm bar, but the person will not put their hand back. Cuz a lot of times the way that I'll set it up is I'll walk their hand comes back. They do this, right? So in this situation, put your arm back on the other side. He's firming up. He will not put his arm here. Here's a really simple one. Okay. I'm going to put my thumb in like so. Now this hand, here's a little tricky grip detail. What I'm going to do is I want to get to this grip like so. Okay. The issue is is that if I try to immediately reach up and go like this, their hand comes up. So, what I'm going to do is I'll loosen up this lapel a little bit. I'll put some pressure on him. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to take my hand and I'm instead of trying to grab the lapel, I'm going to slide my hand up the side of his chest. Now, I'm not trying to cop a feel on old Marvin here, right here. What I'm doing is is I'm not grabbing the lapel because if I reach up like this, he knows something's coming. So, if I'm like this, keeping pressure down on him, boom. I can put that hand right on his chest and slide it right into position. Now, from here, I'll come up and in most cases at this point, both hands are going to be trying to grab onto this hand here. So, I will take my knee and I'll put it up on his chest. Slide the knee across here. And then, as I go into this baseball choke, one that two. Okay. &gt;&gt; Now, going back to it. If we've gotten to this and both hands come up, go on. Go. Both hands come up here. I can start to immediately attack back to the arm lock again. And so again, we can go back and forth between those, right? You have your basic bread cutter with the shotgun arm bar. You can go up and do this baseball style choke with a near side arm lock. And you can go back and forth between those. And again, I could go on for a long time explaining this, but I think you have some of the ideas there, right? So, let's review them real fast on that last one. So, from here, I'm in this position. I'm trying to put some pressure on the shoulder justice. I'll slide my hand up. Again, I don't want to fumble with the lapel. I'll put my hand on his chest right underneath. Turn it up. This point, I pull the grips towards me and begin to attack. He comes up to defend. If I want to try to finish this, I will go knee on belly and slide my knee to clear the arm so I can finish. And as I'm here, I drop my body weight down. If his hand comes up and he's defending, then I can simply start to grab onto the arm by hooking the wrist, stepping over, and sitting back. Very simple stuff. But again, more than just the sequence itself, Ashley, [snorts] I want you to think about this with those different collar grips and everything else. Think about how you can mix in arm bars and or arm locks with your chokes from really any position, but especially if you're inside control mount, think about how you can mix those two in together. And if you're starting to look around because there's so muchformational material out there, if you find a collar choke that you like, think about what you can do to make an arm arm lock to go along with it. Or just be on the the sort of the be observant and be on the lookout for when they start to come up to defend those collars, the neck, and everything else. See what you can do to attack the arms. That's one of the simplest things I can give you is that concept is just attacking arms and necks together as far as making your chokes more effective. That's something that helped me out a ton and uh hopefully it'll help you out too. So, good luck with it, Ashley. Thanks for the the question. Talk to you guys next time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]