Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we got a question from a blue belt who's been training three and a half years. He's been watching my videos since he was a brand new white belt. Uh, thank you, Nick. Your name's Nick. Ah, we share the same namesake. Yeah, in case you didn't know, my real name, my government name is not Chewy, it's Nick. When they send me tax bills, it says to Nicholas, but uh that's neither here or there. So, we got a question here. He says he's recently been testing himself up against bigger opponents. He's 83 kilos. You must be from the not America cuz you're not using freedom units. He says, and he goes up against less experienced but much heavier guys, like 90 kilos, 100 uh and kilos and upwards. He says he eventually gets to the point where he has a body triangle and, you know, he's able to, you know, start finishing for the renegotiated choke, but the guys are strong. Their hands are just like, you know, like grips like cement um on his hands and he can't fight for it. He can't get the choke. He says that he spends like five minutes of hand fighting with no luck. And then afterwards, any of you that have played back, you know this feeling. Your hands are just like curled over. your forms feel like they're just filled with like blood and rocks or something. They're just like hard as rocks. That's what I'm looking for. Hard as rocks. And so he says he's wondering how can he choke out some of these bigger fellas when he's playing these positions and he's looking for some different options because he's tried all the hand trap stuff and it's not working. So he's looking for some options. So Nick Nicholas from Not America, hey, I've got a good idea for you to chew on because this is something that I had trouble with years ago. I'll give you the quick story and then we'll get into the move. So years ago, I was on these mats back when they were red. This is like 2007. We have this big guy that's training with us. He's like 250 plus pounds. He was a big MMA fighter. And we're in the room and the black belt run in the class, guy named Tommy. He comes up to me. He's like, "Chew, will you do something with him?" And I look over and I see the big 250 lb fella like just cradling some like 20 lb guy and just dumping him around all over the place. And you know, he's being a bully on the mat. So I said, "Sure, man. I'm I'm the next biggest guy in the room." Tommy was like 165 lbs. So, it falls to me, the purple belt Chewy, to go take care of business cuz the big guy's being a little too rough with the little dudes, right? So, I've got to go talk roll with him, right? So, I roll with him and I was running into the same problem. He's like trying to get in there and fight for the grips. My hands are burning. And I remember I got so frustrated because he was kind of laughing at me. He was like just flexing his traps. He's like, "My traps are so big, you can't choke me." And I remember in that moment I was like, "Man, I got to choke this dude out." Because like he's like he's just laughing. I I've got the back and I can't finish them. What kind of jiu-jitsu practitioner am I if I can't finish someone when I take the back? And I figured out a little way, a little trick, which I've developed a whole system behind it now, but at the at the end it was just or at the beginning it was just a very simple little trick to getting under his neck even with those big old thick necks, those big old traps sliding underneath of it. And so I'm going to show you how to do that. So you can do all the arm trap stuff. That stuff works really well. But this is another option for you. And we're going to play on the different side typically than you'll play the arm trap stuff. And Nick, I hope this helps you. All right, Nick. So, I don't know, but I imagine you're playing on this side, right? You said body triangle. I don't have the legs to body triangle. Marvin, he's a high calorie grappler as well, and I don't have long legs, so not happening. But I imagine you're playing from the underarm side, right? You're playing from the underarm side. You would normally trap the arms and then slide the neck, right? Probably. I don't know, but that's what I assume. I'm going to play from this side. Playing from the choking arm side. So, my choking arm is on the bottom and we're playing here. Now, first off, let's talk about the position a little bit because I'm not going to play your traditional hook position. I'm going to play a halfback. This is my favorite style of choking from this position. So, you know, if I'm in a competition, I'll get my two points, whatever. And then I'm going to switch this leg out and I'm going to bring it up like this. So, I'm going to flex this leg here and put this hook in this sticky hook right here. So, I'm flexing my foot. This is going to keep a nice bite. And at the same time, this bottom leg is curling in. So, they're doing this motion. Okay. So, from here, I'm cutting in there. Now, at the same time, I'm going to start trying to go for this choke. Now, you mentioned the problem that most people have when they're here is someone gets a hold of your darn arm, man, and it's like, how are you peel these grips off and you're like, and you get back here and he grabs a hold of him again. Like, what are you supposed to just so frustrating, isn't it? So, let me show you how a way to clear the grips. Okay, so we get here in this position. Old Marvin's got his his grips on me, right? Big dudes on on the on the arm. I'm going to come up to my elbow. So, I'm going to use my hips to extend, come up to my elbow, and I'm going to pull this arm past his reach. Right? So, unless he has some sort of like superhuman grip to reach back, more than likely, he's his arms aren't going to go all the way back there. And then we're in this position. Now, the issue with doing this, right, is that if I'm not careful in this, and this is generally one of the weaknesses of playing this chest to back grip and having the the choking arm on the bottom, is they can get their shoulders down pretty easy, right? So, this is where the halfback comes in. It makes it really tough for him. Go and turn your It makes it tough because his hips don't move. And at the same time, as I come up, I'm going to be pressing my chest forward. So, it may look like a pretty weak position, but right now, a couple things have just happened. One is he no longer has a grip on my my hand. My choking arm is now free to get under that neck and make him go night night. At the same time, I have the grips here locked so he can't get his hips to the ground and my chest is still pressing down against the back. This is probably the most important part about back mount, right? Is chest to back connection. Now, here's the little trick. I know you've waited like probably 5 minutes of me yapping to finally get here. If you've stuck around this long in the video, Nick, then you're you're welcome. And uh let me deliver the goods to you. Okay, so here's the trick. We're going to break all the rules and we're going to take our control arm out, our secondary hand, our short arm, whatever you want to call this damn thing. We take this out and I'm going to take this hand and I'm going to get a hold of the chin strap. Okay? So, from here, I grab that chin strap. And then here's what I'm going to do next. From here, you're typically going to start to slide, get a little bit of space, and I'm going to go from elbow to shooting in. Look at where my elbow is. This is where a lot of people mess up with their chokes. They get here and they stop and they try to finish here. If you've ever had this grip where all of a sudden someone gets into your hand and they pull your hand down, you're probably not going deep enough, right? It's always important to go deep enough, especially with your chokes. So, from here, I push the elbow through and get the choke. Okay? I want to try to get my elbow underneath of his chin like so, so that my form is on this corateed, the corateed on the other side. I have my bicep and my hand can usually reach back here and grab a hold of this traps. So, those big traps that were protecting that big fella's neck have just become my handle. And then from here, I can choke him. All you got to do now is I can a lot of times go from here and get a one-handed choke or punch through. I even got a bear hug choke. I'll take my hand because again, the big thing is I want to protect this grip because they want to get their hand in it, right? So, I can peel that grip off and as long as my head is on the opposite side, we're choking. So, let's take a look at it again. All right, Nick. We got this guy. I'm putting in half back. He's got his deep grip here. I can't get a hold of it. Pop up. Now, taking my hand out, breaking all the rules. Everybody's going to get angry. You You're not going to hold the back, my friend. Why not? Grab the chin. Now, from here, the right hand is going to slide underneath the neck. Go deep, Nick, with a choke. From here, we get into the position. Now, from here, there's different things that can happen. If for some reason, he tries to turn his face. I push the face. Okay. Here, my hands are ready to go for the rear naked choke. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Okay, so we're in that position. And again, this works because it's really hard for him to hold the grip. And I'll do this over and over again. You won't be able to see it. It probably won't make a difference, but if you could feel this part of my elbow, there's this rough patch of skin on it from doing this for so many years because this is one of my go-tos. So, I will get into this position and I'll pop up, break, chin strap. Let's say he gets back here again and grabs onto it. I can do this again over and over again. Now there I have a lot of other options from it and there's a whole system behind it that I have now. But just starting off, this is a good thing to start. Break the grips. Chin strap. Shoot through. And again, when you shoot through, turn this way, Marvin. Watch how my upper back goes. Chin strap here. Notice how I'm almost not quite, but my my left pec is facing the ceiling here. This is going to allow me to engage my lat and get this strong squeeze. That arm is going like this. I see so many people screw their chokes up because they stop here. Get that arm all the way through. Make the elbow uh point in front of you. So, Nick, that is another option for you. So, play all the arm trap stuff you're doing already because it's really good stuff. Very effective stuff. And then what you do is if it's not working for you, change the position, it's an easy thing to just simply pull the arm out, switch your arms around. Boom. Now you're playing choking arm side, right? And then from the choking arm side, you can try this chin strap maneuver and see how that works for you. And again, this was been really useful to me in a lot of my chokes. Um, I actually have one match where I was in a super ultra, excuse me, ultra heavyweight division against the guy took his back and I was trying the arm trap stuff. Wasn't working for me. So, I switched to my good oldfashioned chin strap. Bang, right through and got the choke. And there's a picture of me with the choke holding it like this. And so, it's been a very effective move for me. And hopefully it's useful to you and anyone else watching. Thank you guys as always for watching, guys. Talk to you next time. [Music]