Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we got a question from a blue belt named Christopher who's dealing with what I think is one of the hardest lessons to really understand and wrap your head around with uh in jiu-jitsu. So, here's the gist of what's going on cuz he sent me a long message. Basically, he recently got one of my uh butterfly instructional uh programs, which I'm glad you got it and glad you're enjoying it. He says he's using it and he recently was able to roll with his arch nemesis, as he worded the guy who's basically like one of his buddies, right? close buddy, his battle bro on the mat, the guy that, you know, he's pushing tit fortat with. They're rolling recently and he was able to sweep him using the stuff that he's been learning in that program, right? So, good for you for executing on it and actually putting it to action. Well, he said that he's on this high, he's feeling confident, he's feeling good, right? And then he goes and rolls at the open mat a couple days later and he rolls with a guy who just smashes his butterfly card. So, the stuff that was working all of a sudden isn't. and he's now at a low and he's frustrated by it, right? And you know, he knows this is part of it, but he was wondering if the chooster has any ideas on how to deal with these highs and lows in jiu-jitsu, right? How to deal with them? Because obviously the highs are easy to enjoy, but the the lows, how do you deal with those? And uh so, Christopher, thank you for the question, brother. And appreciate you for being one of my CH crew email subscribers. If you guys want to check that out, you can join down below. But I appreciate you for bringing the question because it's a good one, right? And this is one of the hardest things for people to understand because what people a lot of times intuitively do is they think that when things are just clicking and come in easy form that that's when they're really learning and getting it right. But the sort of studies in the literature that I've read and the books that I've read on learning don't really suggest that at all. They suggest that the the the deep learning is happening when you're struggling and you're frustrated and you're challenged and eventually you overcome it. Right? And it reminds me kind of of leveling up in a video game. So, as a when I was younger, I used to play video games all the time. I still play a little bit from time to time now, but my favorite genre of video games is probably role playing games. And I'm sure you're probably familiar with this at least to some degree where you have a character, you play the character, and then at some point they get a level up and they all of a sudden have this sudden jump in abilities, skills, stats, and things that they can do and they can now, you know, defeat enemies that were much stronger before. they can take care of no problem. Right? And it happens in a sudden jump generally, not this sort of gradual increase. And I would also tell you that this is how I look at a lot of times with my son where I as I as a father I'm watching this two and a halfyear-old so forth almost three grow up and he has these sudden jumps that I can't quite put my finger on why they happened. Uh just the other morning he's sitting at breakfast with me and my wife Jess and we're having breakfast and he's looking at both of us and he goes, "I spy with my little eyes something blue and he and he's looking at his blue water bottle." Now, we don't play that game with him very often and he said it with such clarity because a lot of times when you know a toddler's talking, it's kind of garbled and it's almost like you got a staticky radio that you're trying to get to tune into the frequency. But like this was clear as day and me and Jess both looked at each other like, "What the hell? Did you see that?" Like that was a new one for us. I remember this happening last year when I would go like a jiu-jitsu camp or a seminar trip for a few days. I would come back and he would have brand new words and I'm noticing this week where his speech has leveled up. He's talking to me in more complete sentences and I just it all of a sudden happened, right? And this is what happens in jiu-jitsu. This is what happens when you're learning skills in general, right? It's like you're struggling. You're going up and down. You suck. You suck. You suck. There's a lot of mess involved with it. And then all of a sudden, boop, it's it's not there anymore. You got better. I remember my wrestling coach in high school sort of telling me this very from a very early age. He said, "Listen guys, when you come in here, you're going to suck for a long time and then the light bulb's going to come on and it's going to click. Give it time. Stick with it." And I remember it was like that. I remember like literally within a couple of days of I sucked. I was getting beat and then all of a sudden I come back a couple days later, I'm able to pin this guy that I couldn't touch the week before. And I have no idea why it changed. And it's happened so many times in jiu-jitsu that it's so predictable. It's like if I'm trying to add new position or technique into my my game, I study it. I practice it during situational training. I use it during open rolling. I study it again. I go through this process for weeks. It's struggling. I'm frustrated. It's not working. And then one day it clicks. I And it's it's so predict it's so random, but it's so predictable because it's happened so many times. And I've talked to other people like musicians and things like that and they say the same thing. It's like you have these sudden jumps rather than this like nice smooth incremental increase. And this is the thing is like in society we want to have something to show for it. We're waiting for this like nice little incremental gains, but that's not how it works. It reminds me kind of of um the flowers that we have in our our our yard. My wife got really big into native plants um that are native to the area that we live in. And these native plants are interesting because when you plant them [gasps] the first couple of years sometimes they won't show much on the on the surface because they're focused on growing this deep taproot. So the roots grow systems growing down deep into the ground. And so that's where the real growth is happening. And then all of a sudden like this year we planted some of them three years ago. Some of these suckers shot up and they're like six feet tall and they're beautiful flowers everywhere. Bees and monarch butterflies are all over them and it's cool to see but it took like three years to get them there, right? And again, there wasn't much growth on the surface. It was all beneath. And this is kind of what happens with us in jiu-jitsu a lot of times when we're in these messy phases, the lows, as you said. This is the the the the growth that's happening beneath the surface. You don't see it. It's not the pretty flower. It's not the the big tall plant that you want or that the the critters want. It's what has to be laid first. It's that foundation. For us in jiu-jitsu, this is the buyin. If you want to get good at this stuff, this is the buyin. Can you deal with these rough patches? And can you really learn to appreciate what they are instead of being looking at them as bad or self- judgment where you suck at jiu-jitsu because you didn't have a good day or being afraid of the red ink that you got in like school when you would get your paper marked up and you have to go home to your parents and they're mad at you for this thing. This is exploratory. This is experimental. This is fun. This is play. That's how you have to approach this stuff. And with the lows, look at them like that. Look them at the plant that's growing down. looking them look at them like the character that's getting ready to level up but it just takes a while and I would tell you that this has happened in my game so many times and um you know if if I can't get you to of course they're challenging but you can just rest assure that if you keep at it you'll get better. Does it make sense? So Christopher those are a couple ideas. I'll end it there. I don't want to make this video too long. Those are a couple ideas to chew on. Hopefully that's useful to you. And guys if you want to join like Christopher and the thousands of others that read my daily email, you can check it down in the links below. I give away a free guide on focused jiu-jitsu training, which basically a lot of people go into jiu-jitsu and they feel lost. They don't know what they're doing at all different belt levels. It's 12 different strategies on how to add more focus to your training. It can be done from white to black belt. Anybody can do it. Um it's for people like the 99% of jiu-jitsu people who have no control over their training. And so it's a way to do that. It comes in both a a guide like a PDF format or you can get the video to watch as well in case you don't want to be a uh in case you're not a reader, don't want to read. So whatever you want, you can get it. Um but that's it. That's the video today. Christopher, thank you for your question. Talk to you guys next time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]