Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? Today I got a question from Joe who's getting stuck in half guard. But if you play half guard, it's only a matter of time before you end up like this. So today I'm going to show you two different ways to get unstuck from a really tight half guard. And uh I don't have Adam with me, but today's lovely assistant is Marvin. Let's get into the video. All right, so Joe and anybody else who's having trouble with this. So check this out. When we play half guard, obviously we want to be in a situation where we're typically on our side, um either playing with a scholar, getting under hooks, doing whatever it is that we're doing, right? But the problem is is that at some point you're going to get flattened out. And again, that's kind of if you're the top person, that's one of the things you're looking to do cuz if he can get in and get me flattened out here, that takes away most of my options, right? At this point, I'm pretty much in defense. This has gone from a a really good attacking position, which Halfguard is, to a great passing position for him. So, here's what we're going to do. We're going to look at two different options. These are really common, um, especially early on. There's some different things that he could do that would stop these, but for the most part, these are two you can get a lot of bang for your buck with. So, if the person is driving into you, so you feel this forward push right now. Again, they're not necessarily offbalancing themselves in any sort of crazy way, but you can feel that there's this energy going forward. Okay, come out for a second. I've shown this movement before. It's a sweep. I call it the giggler sweep. I think people call it different names, but the giggler is what we started calling it back in 2014. And so the movement is going to be where I dig my hips underneath of the person. And so the sweep is what we call it. And this essential movement that we do in jiu-jitsu where we get our hips underneath of the person. I call it a hip shovel. I'm digging myself underneath of the hips. Right? So the key for us is going to get under his hips to get him off balance. So if he's driving into me here, go and lock up. What I'm going to do is I'm going to hip shovel underneath to get him to post. As soon as he posts, my hand needs to be ready. So, I will have my hand sitting right here on the side of the shoulder. And as soon as his hand and or elbow posts, I'm going to go underneath. Okay. Now, he's going this direction. So, what is he going to do? He's going to start to rock back. As he rocks back, I can start to fight for the underhook or go back out here to a knee shield. Okay, let's look at that from the the side with the legs here. So, Jeff, get a get a look at my leg for me. So, again, he's in here tight. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to use my feet to pull myself underneath. And notice what's happening. My knees are going from this direction and they're shifting to the direction that I'm taking him to. And at the same time, I'm trapping this leg, which is going to force him to post his elbow or his hand. from here gets underneath the arm. As he starts to rock back, I follow him up and then I'm back up. Right? So, that's that's one of my favorites. And you can catch this a lot because in a lot of cases when guys are driving into you as soon as they start to clear your knee shield, if you know you're losing the position, instead of just falling backwards, as soon as he drives in like you're coming through, boom, I can offbalance him. Now, if you get the sweep, great. But if not, even if I off balance him and he starts to post, there's the post. We can come back up. Now, what happens if he starts to sink his weight down? Okay, you have to be sort of aware of this. So, let's say he's here. Another common reaction when they're passing is they'll be heavy here. But if you were to draw a center line down my body, you would feel the pressure is heavy on this side. I can feel this hips a little bit lower. This is the issue, right? So now if I try that same hip shovel, I'm not going to be able to move him. Right? So the hip shovel typically I will do when he's about centered up, like when his body weight's like right on the center line of my but when he sinks down and he's over on this side where over on uh towards the side of the my body, then I'm going to do just a basic smash the bicep. Just sort of this big swinging motion with the arms. Now we've got two things going on here. One is going to be a bicep push across the face. And then at the same time, I'm going to be trying to touch the leg here, trap the leg. Now, this leg can be in couple in a couple different places. Sometimes they may have the leg out. Sometimes the knee might be here. Sometimes the knee might even be really close to your body. But either way, you're looking to trap the leg at least a little bit. And at the same time, bridge up. So, my hand from this side is pushing across his face as I'm bridging up on this leg and coming up here to the side. Now look, all I'm looking to do is get his hand to come off the of me for just a moment. And again, you will find sometimes where if the person is too like committed to this grip, if you bridge and do this, you will literally take them over sometimes. It's rare if the person's decent, but it happens sometimes. So instead, most of the time, what you'll get is a hand or an elbow post. Boom. And then from here, as soon as that happens, we start to fight our hands in the inside again to frame up. Okay. So, let's look at the other side here with my foot. So, from here on the on the foot aspect of it, I'm taking this foot, posting it out nice and wide. It's a bridge, a trapping of the leg. And again, I'm being nice to Marvin, but when I'm really doing this in a hard training session or a competi competitive session, this hand, I mean, it's coming boom off to the side. I'm bridging and I'm really trying to club the guy. Obviously, I'm just trying to be nice to my UK here while we're doing this. But that's the idea. So, for you, Joe, and anybody else, those are two ideas to use. Now, here's the deal. Here's how they work. Here's the the the cool part about it. If they drive into you, which is really common, you do the hip shuffle. If they sink back a little bit, which again can be a common reaction, if they think you're going to go for the hip shovel, or sometimes it's the way people pass, then you go that direction. And that covers basically this way and that way. Now, there's some other stuff that we would have to do to lift the person up. But those will take care of a lot of the situations that you'll run into um in jiu-jitsu. And I would tell you that in like when I'm playing half guard, probably at least half of the time, 50% of the time, those two can take care of what I need. Uh, in the off chance if it doesn't work or someone's switching their hips into reverse half or something like that, then I have some other options, which I have some on the channel. But for you, brother, um, those are a couple things to chew on, a couple ideas to try. Hopefully those help you. Thanks for watching. Talk to you guys next time. [Music]