Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? So today we got a question from Mike who is a grappler. He's been training for about three years and he, you know, is about 160 lbs. He's a buck 60 and he has a problem that a lot of I don't want to say small because he's not small but smaller guys have in jiu-jitsu which is he doesn't feel like he has a lot of pressure. He doesn't know how to add it. And so he says that even when he rolls with people the same size, he doesn't feel like he has a lot of pressure on them. And he's wondering if I have any tips on pressure for smaller people in grappling. And so yeah, brother, I've got some tips for you. So, I'm going to give you an idea on how you can make 160 feel like 260, right? And I say that kind of with some hyperbole, right? It's probably going to make a fun title for the video, but also I I do say that with some truth. There was a guy years ago who I trained with here like Canonado Travar. He's a smaller black belt, and I remember rolling with him and just feel like this guy feels so heavy. Um, another guy JT Torres, like that guy's pressure is amazing. Like he's not a huge dude, right? About 165, 175 pounds, somewhere in that range. But if you're on the bottom of him, my god, it feels like just crazy amounts of pressure. He feels like heavier than any any of the big heavy weights you've probably rolled within your life, right? And it's because he knows what to do. Now, I'm not saying I'm JT Torres, but I'm going to give you some ideas of how to add more pressure to your game by being very intentional with where we place our body. Let's jump into it. All right, Mike. So, check this out. First idea for you, right, is, and again, I've talked about this a ton on the channel, but it's so damn important. Think about where you are and where your pressure is and tune into your body. So this is something that happens all the time. You'll hear people talk about this idea of invisible jiu-jitsu, right? Um what it really means is basically the intuition that our body develops, right? And what happens is a lot of times when you're in jiu-jitsu, you develop this sensitivity to your body that is I mean I I wonder what it's like not to have it. I wonder what it was like when I was like a brand new white belt because it the experience is probably incredibly different. But starting off with feeling your body and tuning into where you feel the pressure and developing that sensitivity to it. That's a big step. So, like for instance, let's say that I'm on on mount on Marvin here, right? You see this all the time from like white belts and stuff, right? They get here and there's absolutely no pressure. They're like, "Why can't I hold mount coach?" Cuz there ain't no pressure on him, right? We want to think about making sure that our body is connected to the person. We'll talk about key points in a second, but we want to make sure that if we're here, I feel the pressure on Marvin, not the mat. Right? For instance, in side control, let's say if I'm in here, I put side control on Marvin here and I could be heavy on my knees and there's absolutely no pressure. But if I start to slide down a little bit and I start to let my weight and I think about really pressing my chest down into Marvin, maybe letting my shoulders start to press into him and I drive my toes a little bit here, I can feel the pressure. Let's say we go to this Kazoui Quesa Gatami or Quesa, right? Whatever you want to consider it a fun fact, right? case of katami traditional case katami is a pin this is typically kazori case of katami um the under hook that we play from here I could be sitting here on my hips and be like hey coach can't hold the position again and again it's because we don't have any pressure on the person but if we think about if I'm pressing off of my feet here and I'm thinking about being very intentional with pushing my side of my ribs into his body and then at the same time pulling up as I'm driving down now there's a lot of pressure on Marvin and my butt right now is just barely. It's not even touching the mat. Watch this. If I sit my hips to the ground, he gets relief. If I just lift my butt up like a millimeter, there it is. See, he's closing eyes. He's like, "It doesn't feel good." Okay. So, it's about being very intentional with your pressure. I'll give you a couple key points in a second, but the first thing that you can do, Mike, is think about like where's your weight? Because you don't have a lot to work with. You know, you have a little bit, but you don't have a lot to work with. You're not like a big guy who's 300 lb who can just like flop on someone and then feel heavy. You've got to be very intentional. So, first thing to do is next time you're working uh during, you know, some drills or during technique or open rolling, think about like when you're in these positions like top positions, where is your pressure? Where is it put? Where do you feel the heaviest point of your body on theirs? And again, it should be on theirs. And do you have do you have your toes driving? What do you have going on? And let's put the pressure where we need to have it. And let's talk about a couple key points that you can look for in different positions in the next part of the video. All right, guys. So, let's get into an important detail. This is something of like basically how you can apply pressure on top without having to like squeeze your arms and burn your hands out. A lot of people, you've done that before. You try to like squeeze someone together to add more pressure. Then you burn your hands out. Um, we don't want to do that. We want to apply pressure, but we want our hands to be able to move around for submission should they present themselves. And we don't want to be so burned out from holding the position that we can't finish someone. So, how are we going to do this? We're going to use our back muscles. Talked about this a bunch on the channel, but again, if it takes it this this time for you to see it, whatever, then fantastic. When we get on top of them, this is just a basic idea from the position. When you watch a lot of inexperienced people in jiu-jitsu try to put pressure, they like just want to squeeze. Like they want to burn their hands out or squeeze their biceps out, which burns their arms out. So, what we want to do is that's perfectly fine. A little squeeze is helpful sometimes, right? Not going to say that. It's it's useful, but like a lot of times when you're squeezing, you're just going to try to hold the person for a second. Maybe you just passed. Maybe you're just trying to hold to get the points. whatever it is. When you're ready to just hold position heavy but not squeezing, what we're going to do is we're going to engage our upper back. And again, you should be doing this anyway. So, this again is almost invisible jiu-jitsu, right? I'm going to begin to flex my upper back and press my chest down into them. Now, you can barely see this. Just watch my upper back. Now, Marvin would tell you that this feels terrible. How's it feel? &gt;&gt; Not good. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, from here, how's that feel? &gt;&gt; I'm okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, from here, all you're gonna think about is taking your shoulder blades and pinching a penny between them. Now, it's not excessive. We're not trying to squeeze our shoulder blades back as heavy as possible, but what we want to think about is pushing our chest down into them and pulling our shoulder blades back. Now, my hands are able to even move and I still have a fair amount of pressure pushing down into them. And going back to the um the ideas we shared earlier, I have my pressure pressing down into this area here. So I'm tuning into that. I can feel that and I'm engaging my upper back muscles so I can press my chest down into it. So why it goes back kind of these tips kind of go with each other hand in hand, right? They're almost the same but quite not quite. All right. So again, even when we go for the the shoulder adjustice here, when we pull the elbow back, if I want to make this worse, it's not a squeeze down. It's a chest down into them and shoulder blades pull back. And that feels a lot worse than trying to squeeze. So again, a really simple tip is engaging your back just like this. You will feel your pressure push down into the person. And if you place it in the right spots where you need it, then you become a much heavier grappler and you will feel you'll feel far heavier than what your actual body weight is. Uh, one last tip for you and then I'll leave you to go get to work, Mike. All right, guys. So, let me give you a couple key points for position here. Again, this is not exhaustive. I mean, I could go on this stuff for a long time, but I'm trying to make this a relatively short video because I know you guys got the tic-tac brain. Can't focus for too long. So, first thing we're going to do is we're going to start putting pressure on the face. This is such a good one. From half guard when you're on top, from side control when you're on top, mount, doesn't matter. Anytime we can put pressure on the face, this is going to be rough. Now, from side control and half guard, it's especially important because if I put pressure on him right here and my body's onto this side, he can't turn towards me, right? Cuz for Marvin to be able to play the position, he has to be able to turn towards me. If his neck's locked in position, he cannot turn towards me. And on top of that, it's crazy uncomfortable. When you start putting your shoulder right into that cheek, that does not feel good. So, let's talk about that real quick. So, couple things. In the gym, typically we call the shoulder of justice. Some grips you can use. You could obviously use the ghee here. You can lift up. Get a hold of the armpit here. And I'm going to drive my elbow back to my hip. Put my weight on my shoulder. Now, here's the trick. Let's cameraman come zoom around on my my glutius maximuses maximi. Right. Notice what's going to happen here on my body. I'm not going to just because right now I'm squared up. I'm going to get on my toes and just lean a little bit. Now notice I'm not throwing my weight off to the side. It's just a subtle lean. There it is. It's like the not so invisible jiu-jitsu, right? You're just making these subtle shifts of movement to do what, Mike? To put pressure where you want it. So, all of a sudden, the weight kind of feels kind of spread out evenly. When I start to make that shift, all of a sudden, I feel that weight pressing into the side of the face, which is brutal. Great pinning position. If you just want to hold them for a second, you're in a roll or a match and you just want to catch your breath, put the face on the put the pressure on the face, and just smash the crap out of someone and then catch your breath and then go to work afterwards. Right? So again, we're here. We've got this grip under the armpit or the ghee. We pull the elbow back, shoulder pressure, and begin to lean our weight. We're driving on our toes. All of my 200 lb cuz I'm cutting weight is right on Marvin's face. And again, this is being this is me being nice. Okay, so that's another that's a really good one. Okay, another good place to put your pressure, and this is going to be for multiple places, both side control mount, things like that. I call this the sweet spot. So right here, right across the midsection of right, not up here on the chest, not here on the abdomen, but right here, right the right there. Right where the rib cage tapers down, there's a great spot to put pressure. I call it the I call it the sweet spot. Right? If I put my shoulder there, for instance, what? Right? Like this. Now, watch this. He had to He started to brace. He's like, it doesn't feel good. Right? If I go to his stomach muscles down here, he can just flex his abs. Not that big of a deal. If I go up here, his chest is whatever. But when I put the shoulder right into there and let my pressure in, that's super uncomfortable. Now, how else can we use that? Well, let's say that I'm in that case of Tommy style position. Yes, you can be up here to try to pin the person and attack 100%. If I just want to take away some of this breathing, if I slide that sucker right there, here, right there. Brutal, right? Cuz you're laying right on top. Because if you think about it, if he takes a deep breath, we he his his diaphragm wants to drop. His stomach wants to expand to get that deep gas exchange that happens at the lower part of the lung. Hard to do that if you're laying right on top of those lungs right there. If he tries to take a deep breath, he can't fully expand. He's limited to that shallow chest breathing. No bueno. Okay. Another one you can think about is if we get to mount all day long, you'll see the new people just sitting there posting on their hands, right? Get our weight off the mat here. we can start to get underneath the arm and the head here. And then we can start to put pressure on the person's face and into the their their sternum and their chest. And this is what makes mount a brutal position. A lot of people say they can't hold mount. And it's typically because they're not putting pressure in the right places and they don't secure an arm. I've did a whole video on that why your mount sucks if you guys want to check that out. But again, making sure that our pressure is where it needs to be, right? Um, one last one that can be kind of a fun one. If you've watched some of the matches recently, it's a very common like strategy in competitions. It's a lot of times called like half guard camping, things like that. Get on your side here, Marvin. So, sometimes you get against these people from half guard and they've got great knee shields, great half guards. They're so tough to pass, right? Well, you can basically turn half guard into a position where it just sort of burns up their energy. So, if we think about the goals of half guard, right? I'm going to He wants to get up to a side, right? Like, no, you're good. Just like this. Right up to a side like this. He's offensive. He has some options here. If Marvin's flat on his back, bad bad news for him, right? So, he wants to stay on his side. So, what we can start to do is we can start to put posts our forehead here and everything else or even with a knee, we can start to put forehead posts right here on top of the person. And so, what happens is now he's trying to stay up and I'm just laying here. And as long as he's staying up, he would tell you right now that his abdomen is having to flex. He's having to use a lot of core strength. And you'll see that when people play that position for a pro for a prolong prolonged period of time, the bottom person starts to gas out because it's tough, especially if the top person is very disciplined about going back to it over and over again. Right? That was uh part of the the old man guard passing series that I created this past year. I was like taking a bunch of this different stuff that I've seen that's really useful for me as an older guy getting I'm not not old. I'm 40, right? But I'm getting older rolling with young young guys. I got to slow them down a little bit. is really useful, especially in the nogi, to slow things down and to put some energy. But again, noticing what we're doing with the the pressure. I know that his shoulder wants to be up. So then I want to put some sort of pressure there. And a forehead post is fantastic for this. So he's got his cross post here. If I go over top of this now, I'm going to press my toes on the mat and simply drive into him. I'm light on my hips, light on my everywhere else, but we're heavy on the shoulder, which is forcing him to have to fight that. And again, these are just some ideas of where we could put our pressure. Not exhaustive, just some ideas. Let me give you another idea as far as how to actually apply real pressure without having to squeeze with our arms and burn our hands out. So guys, you may not know this, but I have a lot of fans of my feet. So, out of all the messages they get, the most bizarre messages that I've gotten, I've got a ton of feet messages. Um, like people asking for my feet. One guy imposed his nose over top of me and Adam's feet and asked if I would sniff or if I would let him sniff my feet. Um, answer was no. But we are going to use our feet here for a very important purpose that has nothing to do with sniffing them. We're going to talk about being active with our toes. So, um, another important detail and again this is all about like these little details. You may not use all of them together in the beginning, Mike, but you want to add them in slowly. Um, you know, because once you maybe get the the chest pressure down, the shoulder adjustice down or whatever, then you can start to add the toes in. you know, they're little bits by little bits. This is what takes a really basic fundamental movement or position and takes it to the next levels. All these little details that you adjust. Okay, so let's turn this direction here for me, Marvin. And we've got pressure here. Now, let's say we're back in a little side control. So, if I'm down like this, I do not have any drive into Marvin. And especially in a position like this where I'm in side control, part of the the the strength of the position is that we're perpendicular to the person's body, which allows us to have this driving power. So, for instance, going back to that old shoulder adjustice we were doing, if I get to that shoulder of justice and I'm trying to put pressure, it's really hard for me to drive into this without active toes because I don't have that ability to push forward. Whereas, if I'm on my toes, I can press off and I can drive forward. Okay, you see just subtle little stuff. Let's go to the arm triangle position. So look, if I go for the arm triangle, this can be used as both a a holding position and a submission. &gt;&gt; But watch if I try to finish this. I see this all the time where you'll see, you know, newer people that their legs are just sitting there doing nothing. I want to have my toes active and by doing this, I can press into them to get that finish. Right? And again, going back to this case position we were looking at, right? When I get into this, if my feet are just sitting here doing nothing, you don't really have a lot of like pressure into this, right? So, if we take our toes, notice I'm going to be pushing off the side of my pinky here. And this one's pressing off my foot. And then from here, all I'm going to do is use this to lift my hips up. I mean, an inch, man. Just a little bit. Like, not even an inch, a millimeter, just like that. Just barely skirting the mat. That takes all of my pressure off of the mat and puts it onto Marvin opposed to sitting here like flat with your legs, you know, just not doing anything. So, active toes really really important to add a little bit more pressure. Mike and any other smaller grapplers or even bigger grapplers cuz the the you know, the the same fundamentals that work for smaller grapplers work for bigger grapplers. The only difference is a lot of you smaller grapplers, you're going to have to do this out of necessity to be heavy. Whereas the bigger grapplers, you can kind of get away with a little slop in your pressure and still be heavy. But nonetheless, if you get really dialed in like this, you'll be heavier, right? So again, for any of my smaller grapplers, if you want to maximize your weight, these are a few tips. Not everything, but this is enough. I think it's a good sized meal for jiu-jitsu. You have a couple things in here that you can immediately go implement. None of this is too complicated. You could go to your next training session and say, "Okay, next time I'm in the position, I'm going to tune in where I feel the pressure, or I'm going to try to make sure that I'm engaging my upper back to press down, or I'm going to really make sure that when I'm in side control, I'm going to try the shoulder adjusters and let my shoulder press into their cheek, or whatever, right? Whatever we worked on in the video, something to put into practice. So again, don't just watch the video and say, "Oh, that was really cool." Like, stop watching videos, whatever. If that you found something in this that you think would be useful, immediately sort of make a note to yourself and when you go to your next training session, put it into action. try it out. Um, also for any of you guys watching, if you want to check out and get my daily email, you can do so by going to the links below. I give away a free ebook that goes into different focus strategies for jiu-jitsu. So, again, this is one of the big things I talk about with my students, with anybody that'll listen. If you want to get more from your training, more from your your rolling and everything else, especially most of us in jiu-jitsu, we don't we can't train all day long because we're 20 years old and have no no responsibilities. You got stuff going on. So, again, you need to make the most from your training. And the ebook will show you how to do it. also comes with a video in case you don't want to read cuz I know everybody's got the tic tac brain. Um, reading is not really a big thing anymore, but if you guys want to read it or if you want to listen to the video, you can do that either way. It's 12 different strategies. You can check it down the links below. Um, but otherwise guys, hopefully that helps you, Mike, and anybody else watching. Thank you guys so much for watching the video. As always, I'm finished. [Music]