Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today's video is going to be the first of a series that I'm going to start. I don't know how long the series is going to last, but I'm going to show you guys a takedown. And again, this is a takedown that I've used a bunch in competitions. And the series that I will be showing you in the foreseeable future in the coming weeks is going to be a series of techniques that I've used successfully in competitions. And where I can find them, I will sort of throw the videos in there so you can see what it looks like in action. But this first one is one of my favorite takedowns in jiu-jitsu. It helps deal with the uh the the jiu-jitsu posture. So, I've talked about this with many people, wrestling and wrestling and doing takedowns in wrestling and doing takedowns in jiu-jitsu very different besides the fact that you have submissions and everything else. One of the things that you get from a lot of jiu-jitsu practitioners that haven't wrestled much or don't want to engage in takedowns is they get this really far back posture here and they just back up, right? Like a lot of times in jiu-jitsu, you get these guys where they won't engage and it makes it very difficult. Whereas, if you get a wrestler who's done takedowns, they will push in and you get more opportunities because they're engaging. And so, today's video is going to show you how to take down someone in a jiu-jitsu competition. And again, it's one of my favorite takedowns. Hope you like it. Hope it helps. Let's get to the video. All right, guys. So, we got Marvin here. Marvin's in his stance. And again, I'm ready to go. And again, it can work on someone who has wrestled, who's very good. Again, this is from wrestling originally, right? At least for me, that's where I learned it. I know there's a lot every time I talk about this particular takedown, a lot of people will say it's a coach, whatever. But nonetheless, we're here. We're in our uh stances. What I'm going to try to do is get a So, if I'm leading on my right leg, then I'm going to be hooking on the with my right leg on his right leg. So, I'm going to be going on this side. So, I'd like to get him heavy on that foot, right? Because once that foot's planted, I can step in. So, when I'm here, I'm going to get a straight, just a regular old grip on this wrist here. And then I want to get a grip, basically an upside down grip, an inverted grip with my thumb facing down on this wrist. Now, here's a little detail for you guys. So, when you guys are grabbing someone's wrist, notice here that there's this little bony part and there's this hand. There's this little dip right there. That little dip right here. This is where you focus your attention. And what I do is I take my middle finger and thumb and that is the main grip and the rest of the hands just or the rest of the fingers just sort of go where they may. But where I'm grabbing, I'm grabbing here. Same thing on this hand. When I get this inverted grip here, it slides down like this. And the reason why we're using these two grips, this is going to allow me to get the drag here on the arm. But at the same time, this is going to prevent him from bringing his hand together because the solid part of the grip is facing the arm I want. Because again, if he wants to be more problematic to me, he can start bringing his hands on the inside or even bringing them together. If I keep those arms separated, they're more vulnerable, right? And so, he can pull away from the open space, which that's fine because I can drag. And then from here, if he pulls away from this one, that's fine because it's getting away, which makes it again easier for me to get to the arm drag. Now guys, most often like when you're trying to set up the grip for this, right, these these hand positions, most often what you know, at least for me happens is a lot of times I'll get a wrist control here. We might be in a collar tie here. Now, a lot of times this hand on this side, he may start to try to peel this grip off, whatever. He starts to do stuff, right? So if I get a collar tie here, I'll if I feel this hand come up around, I'll pull it out really quickly and immediately grab. So a lot of times it's here grabbing here controlling. I feel that hand around. Bang. Get the grip here. I can also start if I want to by getting control of this hand first. We're in this headto-head position. Once I get control of this wrist, quickly turn right there. But again, you can think about it a million different ways. You're just looking for palm facing out. This this inverted grip, upside down grip, regular grip, and then we go for the arm drag. All right. So, let's talk about the arm drag and using that. So, we get the inside trip. If we're going to get this inside trip, we have to get the arm drag going, right? So, when I drag the arm, I don't grab low at the elbow, right? I'm pushing the arm to the center line as I get this grip and then pulling. A little detail that will help you turn this direction for me, Marvin. That will help you not get redrugged cuz if I drag him like this, he can drag me pretty easily. He can redrag this. This is on the ground as well. So, what I'm going to do is as I go, I don't pull straight. I go here just to the side. Notice that my forearms over top of his el his forearm which makes it really difficult for him to redrag me. Right. So from here we're locked in our position here. Head to head. Get the grips push to the center. And that's all I'm looking for is that one movement there. So again, head to head. We're locked up. Moving here. There it is. And that gives us that first step that we need to set up the entry into the trip. All right, guys. Now, as you're getting used to this movement, something that can help is getting used to dropping into this because a lot of times that's the hard part. People will do this movement and they'll just kind of hook up here pretty high. You have to let your body drop almost like you're doing a a normal penetration step um with a single leg or double leg, whatever it is. So, when I get here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to get the arm drag and as I drop in, I'm going to drop this leg all the way to the ground like this. So, my knee is dropping. This is what you want to get used to doing. Sometimes you the person goes over faster than that, but you just want to get used to this. Now, the hand on this side is going to flare out and pop the hip as they drop. And that allows you to cover, right? So, look at that one more time. So again, we're here. Here I get the arm drag. As I go, I drop into it and that hand flares down. I'm letting my knee drop. This offers some important benefits to us cuz this is a great entry. So for instance, let's say that I go for this and Marvin steps back on that leg. I'm still in a great position to finish a single, double, something, right? because I'm inside of Bon's defense opposed to if I drop really high, it's really easy for them to turn us and stop it. So again, when you're doing that movement, you want to get to this position here. If you have trouble doing this with your leg, get to this position. It's like a pigeon stretch, and just hang out. You probably just have tight hips, which is common for people, but again, those are just a couple basic ideas on how to make that happen from that spot. All right, so now that we're in position here, we got our grips here. Most often, I'm going to be playing a head-to-head position. When I'm staring at the person, I'm staring dead center of the body so I can see what's going on in the periphery. I can see his arms. I can see his feet. I can see what's happening. And then all I'm going to do is begin to get the drag pull. And again, it doesn't have to be this big turn crazy thing. And most people won't do that anyway. Most of the time, if the person's good, you get that quick step. That's all you need. You need them to be heavy on that foot for one split second. And from here, I pull, drag. I'm pressing off my back foot and dropping right here. And notice that I dropped all the way to my knee opposed to, you know, hooking at the leg otherwise. Dropping all the way to my knee. And then from here, as soon as he hits the ground, I need to cover and get my arm off to the side. If I hug him down like this, he's going to turn up and get me into some nasty position. So, I want to get my arm across and I want to cover chest to chest here. So, this way I don't get my arm caught in some sort of arm lock submission. All right. So, we get in here, we're locked up. Boom. Get the grip. Arm drag. I get him to step. I'm going to slide down and drop right here. Once I get to the ground, this hand flares to the hip. He falls. And then we cover into a chest to chest. All right. So, we lock up here. getting my grip, arm drag, drop the step right into position, and then cover. All right, guys. So, that's one of my favorite takedowns in jiu-jitsu. It's one of the ones I've used a ton and been very effective with. Again, used it in wrestling, used it in jiu-jitsu. It helps deal with again that posture that a lot of jiu-jitsu guys have where they don't want to engage. And it also puts you in a really good spot once you pass cuz you're typically going to land in some sort of half guard opposed to a full guard if you shoot like a double leg or something like that. So hopefully that helps you guys. If you start to use it, you got to put some reps in and get used to the movement. It's one of those tricky ones that that little leg hook dropping to it feels a little funky at first. Once you get that down, once that feels comfortable, no problem. But again, I I I know a lot of people were in this space where we don't do reps, we don't drill, whatever. That's fine. But again, I just find there's a lot of value to it. I've seen it a lot from my students, from me personally when I first learned it in high school. like getting used to that movement, sharpening up, making it a little bit faster, and then putting it to work during your open rolls. So, hopefully it helps you guys, and I'll see you guys in the next videos coming up with techniques that I've used in competition. [Music]