Kind: captions Language: en All right, guys. So, let's look at how to escape like a black belt from a back mount. So, what you're going to do here, first thing is I'm going to get control of the choking arm, right? Um, couple details on this one, just sort of think about this. Most people can't choke with both of their arms very effectively. So, most people have a dominant arm. It's usually the right arm. If you think about your own self, just think about this. Like, you guys can comment down below. How many of you guys can choke with both arms? Like almost equally. Very few people can. So, what that lets us know is I need to get a bite on this arm here to stop him from choking me because if I get control of his arm, he's not going to be able to choke me. So, what I like doing is I like getting this hand in going across, getting a thumb in and locking on top. Now, again, Marvin's doing a really good job of controlling his choking arm with his short arm here. If he was to switch it for some reason, again, this would be a bad idea, but then we could go lower down to the grip here and get a hold of the wrist. Okay, but he's here. So, I'm getting control just like so. Okay, we'll talk about which side we're going to go to, but for me, I have I can go to either side. I can escape either side. I personally prefer going to the choking arm side. I tend to find I have a better success rate out of going there. Um, I can escape both, and I'll show you how to do that in a second, but I tend to find I can get out of this position pretty quickly from that side. So, we're going to start on this side, and then we'll talk about both sides because you sometimes you don't have a choice which side you're going to play. Also to one more thing just to kind of share is that think about this most people have a preferred side a strong side right so that's where they want to play if you notice the person's pushing you to one side then go to the other right so for instance like let's say that Marvin keeps trying to play over here even though this is my preferred side most of the ca most of the time if I'm having trouble getting out of this and he keeps trying to funnel me over to this side well then I will do my best to fight myself back over here even if it's not my normal preference because I don't want to be where he feels best. Make sense? It's one of the reasons why like I always talk about with guard passing. If you're going to pass guard, you should be able to pass to both sides. So, you can figure out like where is this person weakest? Not saying you shouldn't have a strong side yourself, but a lot of times if the person's really weak in one space, you can take advantage of that weakness. Now, go and load up for me here. So, we're here. Now, let's start going to this side and escaping. All right. So, we're here in the position again. I'm double up uh doubling up on his his choking arm here. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to start to try to get my hips to the ground. That's where I typically start with on this uh the choking arm side. Now, again, from here, as I'm doing this, I'm going to start to work by pushing my leg forward, right? So, my bottom leg is going to push forward. Why? What ends up happening is it almost loads this like a spring. because if he's keeping his hooks tight, if I start to push, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to quickly pull it back and kick it over top. Right? So, that's my first move. If you have to for a a quick moment, I can always bring my knee up and grab and peel if I need to. Right? Notice though, I didn't like I'm not down here reaching where I get like choked, right? We don't want that to happen. If I'm trying to get that leg up there, if that hook's really dug in where I can't kick this leg back, then it'll be dug in enough where if I bring my knee to my chest, see how what that does? It's really close. Now I can peel. Okay. So, two methods of removing the hook. either one, push forward to load it like a spring, kick the leg back out, up and over to get our hips down, or if they're super tight with that hook, then we bring the knee up to our chest, grab, peel, and then get over top of it. Now, for me, immediately I'm going to start to try to get my hips to the ground, and then get my shoulders to the mat right here. So the idea back for a second Marvin here is that the issue when you think about back control for us is his chest is connected to our back right it doesn't matter the hooks the seat belt grip all of that stuff can change but the constant is go ahead and get to seated back mark is Marvin here he can have this go double under hooks go one hook in one hook out okay take both hooks Okay, chest to back. Even if I start to move, he can trail me and stay with me. If he's got seat belt grips in here, I'm still in threat of a choke because what does he have? He has chest to back. So, with that in mind, my whole focus with back is just make sure their chest is not touching my back. And if you want to think about it, if we're sitting against here like this, once our shoulders are on the mat, they're no longer in the back. I no longer have to worry about those particular options. So you can use that both from our standpoint of scaping. If you are going for the offensive side like Marvin, then once their shoulders are touching the mat, you need to be transferring to mount or transitioning to a different position. So back to the strong side. So back to the choking arm side here. We're here. We roll to the side. We're defending again. We get this leg over top like so. From here, I'm getting my hips down and my shoulders down. Now, right here, you're in danger of of them coming up with an arm triangle, of course. So, what we have to do is we have to be very quick about this, but as soon as we get our shoulder down, you're going to kind of get loose with this arm here. So, I have to stay relaxed. If I get tense, it stops me from turning in. But if I get the word I'll use a lot of times is noodly. If I turn my arm into a little bit of a noodle, I can shift. Okay. Now, when I'm coming up, more than likely, if this person's worth his salt in jiu-jitsu, they'll probably have this leg draped across my hip because even if I get my shoulders down to the mat, he can transition up to mount like so. Down. So, what I want to do is I want to try to get up if I can. I don't want to get stuck in mount, right? When I come up, here's the mistake a lot of jiu-jitsu practitioners make who haven't like wrestled or anything before. They will go with their upper body first and then he gets his hips down over top of right here. See that mistake? So when you're trying to come up from this position, what you're really doing is you're going to scissor your legs over here. Even if Marvin tries to come up to a side here, I'm now able to get my hips up higher than his. Right? My hips can get up higher. So with that said, come on in here, Marvin. I'm starting to get really long. I'm sure this video is going to be super long, but hopefully for some of you guys that are trying to escape back, this is useful to you. So, we get over top here. Get it down to the side. We get noodling with the arm. As soon as our arm is free, turn the hips over. Cover. You'll probably in most cases end up inside of a full guard. Okay. One more variation of the position that I like playing is halfback. This is what I do with belts when we're really trans. I know I know someone's going to be like, "You could really tie it up to I know I could, but again, not that worried about it." So, from here, the halfback, this is a position like when I play this position, go and just keep it like locked under my knee if you can. Just like this. This is a position I love playing this because my ability, it stops my hips cuz like earlier when I was there, I can't do all the same stuff I was doing with my hips because I can't move my leg back anymore. If this happens, then you have to go forward here like so. And a lot of times what I'll do in this case is if he's locked in right here, he's got his hooks tight, all that stuff, I'm going to take this leg over top here and then start to use a windshield wiper motion here. And then from there, it's all the same stuff. So, if you get caught in that variation, you can try that. Now, let's take a look at what happens or what you can do possibly. Try this out. see how it works for you. Miles may vary on the short arm side. &gt;&gt; All right, guys. So, now we're on the the short arm side. Make sure, by the way, anytime you get to back mount, this is a little little quick tip for you. Anytime you get to back mount, if you're in the situation that Marvin's in, sniff really loudly behind their ear. And then just like that. And then you tell them you smell different awake. &gt;&gt; Smell different awake. &gt;&gt; There it is. It always sort of breaks the tension when you roll. Anyway, all right. So, we're here in the position now. And he's got to this short arm side. So again, when I first started doing jiu-jitsu back in the day, I used to hear people say that this was the weak side and that you shouldn't go here. Obviously, that changed because people learned how to do all this arm trapping stuff. I'll I'll show you guys how I like to get out of this, by the way, if it happens. But we're here in the position. So, first thing that I want to do for me personally is I get here and get control of the arm and I'm going to start to tuck my chin. And if I can, I'm going to get my head to the other side. What does this do? Well, Marvin can't choke me effectively if his head and his choking arm are on the same side, right? So, if I'm here like this, go and get under my neck. Get in and really try to squeeze it. Give me a squeeze. There we go. Ain't going to work. It's just not there. Okay. So, once we get that, now we hold. I'm going to press off of my legs and start to drive my shoulders to the mat. And that's what I'm looking to do. Now, same as before, we get our shoulders on the mat because that means that Marvin is not on my back. The legs probably going to be draped across your hip because they're thinking of coming up to mount. So, when you get ready to try to come up to mount, your body is turning hips first so you can cover and get back on top. Right. Let's look at this again. We're here. Marvin has my back. He's gotten to a good back. This probably wouldn't happen in practice yet. He'll be there in a couple years, but not quite. From here, I drive my head forward and I tuck and get my my head back here, side to side here. Notice I'm still controlling this choking arm. From here, he can he can hold on if he'd like, but I'm going to start to drive my shoulders down. And as soon as I start to get my shoulders down, we need to either be turning our hips over. Another option, if you're late, is to focus on this hip here. So, let's say that I give Marvin, he's just he's too good. He's beating me to the punch. He's already coming up. Go ahead and come up. I'll focus. this go and try to come up. I'll focus on this near side hip here. He won't be able to bring it through. And that tends to lead into things like leg locks, leg entries, exguard, whatever you want to. And you've changed that position. You just escape back and now you're in a position ready to go on the offensive. Now, I said I was going to show you how to get out of that arm trap. It ain't easy, okay? But if they get this, cuz a lot of times when they're playing the the short arm side, you're here. A lot of times they're in this position, they're trying to get this top hand out of the way and then they'll secure that, right? And so they can get better positioning. So if I get here and I'm not able to quickly bring my hand back in, what I will do is I'm going to drive to the other side. I'm going to push my feet over as much as I can and I'm going to drive over to the other side. Marvin, try to hang on to this hook for me. Like give me a good good drip there. Right. So from here, he doesn't have the same range of motion that he had earlier that was allowing him to trap the arm and I can start to work out here and then scoot out. Right? Again, super simple, but that's saving me. Now, again, if a person's really good and you're getting caught in it, maybe it doesn't work. Let's go uh this side here. Go on the short side here. So again, maybe we're here. Now again, if I don't have any hands, that's going to be rough. But usually the way that it works is they secure this hand first, right? push it down. And then we're still fighting with this one. I'll hang on life and death with this one. I can't get this hand back because of the range of motion he has. Because if I pull back, this leg can pull back. You see that? So for me, in order to clear this like keep this leg stationary, if I can break the the contact with it, I can get underneath of it, right? But the issue is is that if I pull back, his leg stays with me. So I'm never able to get further back, right? So, by driving this leg onto the side, we can get underneath and then we can escape and then find our way out of the position. I have one last really important tip for you that I think could be really useful if someone's able to get a choke and you they they're almost there. How to defend it like latestage stuff. I'll show you both a a ghee grip and also no ghee. All right. So, you have some options on escapes. You have some ideas to think about, different things to consider. Something that's going to happen to everybody. Something that does happen to everybody is at some point someone's going to have their arm under your neck, but they're not quite choking you just yet. So, we have to defend it. Okay. What you don't want to do is you don't want to grab the forearm. If you have the option of grabbing the inside part of the hand. So, right here when I grab, I will grab right on the inside of the palm here. Notice I'm not grabbing any part of the finger. That's not cool. We don't rip fingers. But the inside of the palm right here, I'm going to grab just like that. Okay. Now, if I get here, that gives me great control. Okay. Whereas, if I grab the forearm here, like a lot of people will grab like the forearm here. Marvin, I'm going to hold tight. I want you to start to work their hand up. It ain't going to work. Got this 230 lb ox right here to squeeze it through. Not going to work. But I can take two fingers right here. Try to try to work your hand up. Go ahead. you're at the end, right? You got better leverage there. You can think about it. It's like if you hold your arm out to the side and someone tries to push down. If they push down here, they're not going to push your arm down. But if they go out towards the end of your hand, they have better leverage. You can see, right? Same idea here. The further away we get from the body, the stronger we become. So, when I hold, a lot of times, to be honest with you, anytime I can get a hold of the choking arm, I'll get my hand in on this. But especially when they're almost into a choke, if I've got to reach up and grab something, I will try to grab the inside of that hand just like that. And then I can get two hands on one. Now, another grip that can be super tough to deal with is a collar grip. Right? A lot of times the collar grips will start right here somewhere thereabouts. But then what they'll do is give me your left hand. Marvin will take it and he will open and feed it and he'll keep cinching it up where until it gets deeper and deeper and then until it's, you know, it's night night time for you. So, what I'm going to do here is as he gets a grip, I'm going to take like one or two of my fingers. I'm going to wedge it right into the inside of the grip here. Okay. So, again, going back to that idea of getting on the inside of the hand here. What is that doing? Well, one, that's going to help slow him down from being able to cinch up the ghee, but now you're getting in the way of holding something. Imagine just trying to hold anything. You're trying to grip onto something and inside of your hand, you've got like a roll of quarters or something. It's going to be harder to hold that, right? So when he gets here, I'll immediately grab and just punch a couple fingers in there. Now from here again, we can slow it down. So if he tries to cinch it up, it's really tough to do now. And then what I'll do is I'll grab right below the hand here if I can, wherever I can get a hold of it. But ideally, I want to grab right below. And as I do this, I'm going to peel and unravel this grip here and at the same time break. Now, when you break grips, you don't want to do it slowly, right? So, if I try to pull, it's not going to work, right? So, what you have to do instead is you have to be ready for yourself. And a lot of times in my head, I'll count one, two, three, and boom. You have to break. It has to be a pop. It's true for the feet. It's true here on the ground. So, from here, they get here inside control of the the hand here. Right down at the hand, not the arm, but the hand. Super effective break. He's trying to choke you. Good luck here. And again, just as a sort of a thought, like if for some reason this guy did have a short hand here, a lot of times I'll I'll get a grip here on the hand early on just because I have such good leverage with it. So guys, those are some ideas on how to escape back. Now again, you're watching the video, right? You're you're watching it. You know, you you know the information now on some level. So now it is your job to go out and apply this, right? Because again, we know that through jiu-jitsu, knowledge and actual learning are two different things, right? having the knowledge and then having the wisdom on how to actually apply it. Two different things. So, one of the best things that you can do is go to your gym and get some rounds from the back. If your gym doesn't do a bunch of situational training, or you don't have the option to come in and do extra drilling, that sort of thing, one of the simplest things you can do, I talk about this in my focus jiu-jitsu ebook that I give away. If you guys want to get my daily email, it's down in the link somewhere below. and I give away ebook plus a video that goes into a bunch of different strategies on how to implement specific training in open rolls. So, if you're like most people and you have a couple days a week to train and you want to get better faster, it's one of the ways you can do it with focus training. Well, one of the things I talk about is well, you can simply grab someone and let them start from that position. You're doing open training. Your coach is just saying go roll. Perfect. Go up to your partner, say, hey, start on my back and begin every round on your back there so you can get used to this position. Uh, again, let them get grips in, work from there, get submitted, get choked out in the process, really learn how the position works. Again, the the more that you play from these positions, the better off you'll be because again, there's it's what I had to do. It's what everybody has to do. There's no there's no way to circumvent that. You have good information, tons of good information out there. Now, it's your job to apply it. So, that's my last call to you. Go to the gym, have people start on your back, get used to that, practice it. If you don't remember all the tips first time, re-watch the video after you come back from rolling. sync it back up and then try it the next time. So anyway, good luck if you're watching this video to get better at your back escapes. I hope this video was helpful to you. I'll talk to you guys next time. [Music]