Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? So today's question comes from Brandon who's been doing jiu-jitsu for about 6 months along with his young son. Everything's going great. But he says that recently he was, you know, looking on the internet and he saw this story about Ben Ascrin. For some reason you guys don't know the story about Ben Asin. Ben Ascrin had a situation where apparently if you guys know a different situation better than I do then you can put the put it in the comments below so we can be clarify it. But otherwise, Ben Ascrin had some sort of staff infection that ended up leading to severe pneumonia and then led to an issue where his lungs were just just destroyed and he had to have a double double lung transplant. So Brandon sees this and he's thinking, "Bro, like I heard about staff infections, you know, cuz I hear about them, you know, sometimes. You mean I'm going to have this happen to me or my son? Is jiu-jitsu even worth doing?" That he's starting to ask himself this question. So, he sends me the message and he asks, "How many times I've had staff infection? Have I have I ever seen really bad cases and he doesn't want to subject himself to in his son to this kind of stuff if it's going to be happening every month?" Like, he's going to have to take antibiotics. And so, he's also wondering if everything is clean in the gym, people shower, everybody's practicing good hygiene, can you go, you know, a long period of time without having to get into antibiotics and without getting infections? And so, Brandon, thanks for the question. So, yeah, bro. So the Ben Asprin thing was nuts and again I hope he pulls through. I know he has he's had his lung transplants and he's working through that initial phase and you know I think all of us in the grappling and fighting community are pulling from for him and praying for him and stuff but I've never seen that happen before. I've never seen anything like that before. I'm sure it's happened before, but I've just never seen it. I've been doing grappling for 25 years at the time of recording this when I started in in 2000 with wrestling. I've had one staff infection that I know of. And again, it may have not been staff because there's other germs that can get into it. If you if you've got a an infection, it could be other stuff besides staff, right? There's different types of infections, right? But I've had one infection that required serious treating. Basically, I went to a this is 2022. I went to this big jiu-jitsu camp and you know, I'm there, everything's going great. Wednesday, I remember it was like Wednesday night. I felt something in my knee. Felt a little weird. The next morning, Thursday, I had this little pimple, like little pimple bump thing on my knee, but it felt weird. There was a lot of redness around it. My leg felt very swollen. And then by Sunday, I remember my leg is just swelling up. Every time I stand up to go for a walk, my leg is throbbing because of the pressure. And so I called up one of my students, Eric, who is a medical professional. He looks at my leg, says, "Man, let's get you on some antibiotics and let's see what it does." It starts taking care of the symptoms. And then, you know, slowly over the course of about, you know, a week and a half, it slowly gets cleared out of my system. And I I think I took antibiotics for maybe two weeks or something like that. One time, one time in 22 years. I've trained in some grungy gyms, too. But I would tell you at my gym also, very rarely do any of my students come up to me and say, "Hey, I had to, you know, stay off the the mats for a while. I had an infection." It happens every now and then, but it's pretty rare. Doesn't happen too often. And I would tell you that out of all the years of training, I've only seen one really nasty case of of staff infection. It was from my buddy Dave who ended up going to kind of a grungy MMA gym to do some training, some grappling training. Goes there, comes back, little pimple pops up. Within a few hours, he's running a fever. He has all this swelling and pressure in his knee. He goes to the doctor. He's there for about two weeks, I think it was, in the hospital. His mother, who is a medical professional, lives in Canada. She flew down from Kentucky. She didn't tell him that she was flying down for this reason, but she said, "I'm there to console you." But she was flying down because she was pretty certain he was going to lose his leg. Now, he didn't. They used some different antibiotics. They got the the infection cleared out, but he got bad. Real bad. Seen it happen one time. And again, I believe more than likely it was due to bad hygiene practices. And this is why I say and again maybe people could use this as a sort of a teaching tool like hey like this Ben Asin story bad hygiene is being a bad training partner. You being a dirty unhygienic training partner that makes you an because you know if someone was training right and you put them in an arm bar and you just popped their stuff and didn't give them time to train which takes them off the mat that makes you a jerk right? Well, if you're not taking showers, and I know I shouldn't have to say this, but every now and then I come in and, you know, to the gym and I get someone that's new and you got to tell them, hey, hygiene, showers, you know, don't walk around with your shoes in the bathroom or walk around with your bare feet in the bathroom and then walk onto the mat. You know, certain things seem sort of just duh, but sometimes you got to tell people, but don't don't be a dirty training partner because then that can take people off the mats and then that's a problem, right? Because again, your dirty hygiene could then cause an infection with then which then takes them off the mat. Bad stuff, right? So again, practice good hygiene. Being a good training partner. Um and so yeah, bro, you make your own decision whether or not it's worth it to you. I can't tell you that. you make your decision. But what I would tell you is I don't know what the stats are, but I would imagine that you probably have a better chance of going getting into your car driving and getting into a wreck on your on the way to the gym than you do getting a life-threatening staff infection that leads to a lung infection which leads to double lung transplant. Right? I just I've never seen it before. I'm sure stuff like it's happened. I've just never seen it. And so I would tell you that it's you have to make your own decision. But that kind of freak crazy thing is pretty rare. In most cases, in my experiences, most people go months and years without needing antibiotics as long as they're in gyms that have good hygienic training practices. The mats are getting clean. People train trim their nails. They wash their geese, wash their uniforms, wash their rash guards, they, you know, take showers like they should be doing. They do all the stuff they should be doing. Generally speaking, you don't need to go and have a round of antibiotics to cure an infection every single month. So, um, make the decision as you will, brother. I'll pass that off to you. Um, if you guys in that are watching this, if you have any sort of stories relating to these type of hygiene practices and grappling, throw them down in the comments below. And, uh, talk to you guys next time. [Music]