Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we got a question from a blue belt who just had a shoulder replacement, a partial shoulder replacement. He's about 10 months out from it, and he's getting back into training. He has some great training partners who, you know, they're not trying to rip off his shoulder or anything like that. But he says that where he's having a lot of trouble right now is he's been forced to change his game because he says back in the day, before his shoulder issue, he would play everything on his left side and now he's having to do everything on his right side. and having to change my game has severely limited my progress. Uh or at least I think it has and I'm an impatient person. And he says, "Do you have any advice going forward?" And so I forgot to write your name, so I'll call you Bob, but I do have your email address. I'll send it to you afterwards. But um brother, thank you for the question. So yeah, I got some advice for you, brother, and some ideas to chew on. First off, I would say that 10 months out, you're still not in the clear. My lifting coach, Eli, he had some arthritis issues. Genetic. His mother has a lot of arthritis and he seemed to inherit it. And his shoulders, they were they were just cooked. I mean, when I first met him, he literally couldn't even open his shoulders all the way out. If he had to take a jacket off, he's like having to do this. Now, you'd see this guy, he was massive, but he had to do all these like workarounds to like build up the muscle because he couldn't even do things like lateral raises like this for as an example. And so, he ended up having total shoulder replacements on both shoulders. And it definitely took him probably about a year and a half, two years to really get him back up to speed. Now, you know, they were good about a year out like where you're at and he could do stuff, but there was still a lot of strength that he developed. And again, I don't know your situation, but he, you know, took a little bit of time. So, give yourself some grace. It's only been 10 months. You had a big operation done on the most mobile joint on the body, right? So, don't be in a rush. The second thing that I would tell you is that I have seen these types of situations do two things to people. In some cases, people get all pissed off and frustrated and it ruins jiu-jitsu form. or I've seen people sort of use it as a chance to improve their game and they become like so much better because of it, right? Like years ago, one of my students, Jeff, he was a black he's a black belt now. If you guys do the jiu-jitsu opens, uh he's the one of the other guys there. He's like the main guy that, you know, runs the operations there. He was getting ready for his black belt and I was kind of testing the guys to kind of see where they're at. and he had a great top game, great takedowns, great top pressure, a very strong presence on top, but man, on the bottom, he just didn't have it. It was just wasn't there. He wasn't up to where I thought he should have been to be a black belt. And so I talked to him afterwards and I said, "Hey, listen, man. In order to get your black belt, I want to see you I want to see that bottom game come up. So, I need you to work there." Just so happened around the same time he ended up getting some injuries, one to his rib, and some shoulder issues were happening. And so, he started working more from his bottom game, his guard. And again, he was not a guard puller or guard player at all before then. Fast forward a year later, he sent me a text almost a year to the day. Sent me a text of him going to a competition, pulling guard and leg locking another black belt in competition. That was a pretty cool thing to see. Right now, if you guys see because you he'll compete at the jiu-jitsu opens a lot of times. And when he competes, he's mostly a guard puller. He'll play standup sometimes, but a lot of guard pulling. And again, that started because of that. And this has opened up a whole aspect of his game that he's never had before. And it's been good to see a much better game, much better jiu-jitsu. And so you can have that, right? You just have to be patient as an impatient person, right? And there's a cool idea from a book um called Iron John. If you've ever read it, it's worth a read. And in the book, there's an idea that he shares that every wound becomes a womb, right? and he's talking about sort of this sort of the deep sort of psychological scars that we get as like a young kid and things like that and how it changes us, right? But you can think about it as pretty much anything like every sort of wound that you take figuratively so to speak, right? Like you're thinking about maybe you know the the feeling of frustration because you can't use the side that you've always used or you can even think about you go to a competition and you lose because you got arm barred in 5 seconds, right? Anything that happens like this can be something where something else that useful grows out of it, right? So like my student Jeff, I told him, "Hey man, your bottom game's not up to snuff, man. Like you need to improve this area." He could have run with that and got frustrated because he wasn't as good when he pulled guard and just threw his hand said, "I'm not doing this anymore." But instead, he went through the frustration of developing a new area of his game that was kind of underdeveloped. And over the course of a year, all of a sudden, he has this new area of his game that he's able to use effectively at the black belt level. Something new grew out of that, right? And so, you can think about it from there, bro. It's it's definitely not a fun place to be when you're going through it. I've been through it a few times myself, not necessarily for the same reasons, but forced out of my original game and forced to play with something else because either the necessity was there because I was getting beat in tournaments and things like that, or because of an injury. And as I said, when you look at it from that standpoint as like this, you're forced to grow and something good is going to come out of this, good stuff will happen. But again, if you let it get you frustrated because you're not where you want to be right now and you're not as good as you were on the other side yet, like just give it some time. And you said that you're not progressing as fast as you would like. I just want to remind you that a lot of times when you're doing jiu-jitsu, you're learning even you're actually learning a lot when you're going through those frustrating periods, right? A lot of people always think that they're learning when they're doing things right. But a lot of times your your wheels are turning the most when you're getting frustrated by a problem and you're really locking in like how can I fix this? As long as you keep that problem solving mindset, you keep working at it. So again, I've had people had shoulder replacements and they've come back and they do great. And again, I've seen a lot of people who have had to switch their games due to other injuries and other reasons and it's made them even better more often than not if they if they stick to it. And I think the same could happen to you, brother, if you if you stick with it and you keep the right mindset on. So hopefully that helps you, brother. And I'll uh talk to you guys next time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]