Kind: captions Language: en So guys, one of the worst things to happen in Jiu-Jitsu, which happens to everybody at some point, is you know, you're training, you're having a great stretch of training, you're getting better, you know, all these cool things are happening, and then all of a sudden, you get injured. Maybe you have a freak accident, maybe it's sort of a nagging thing that sort of spirals into something else, and then you're faced with the tough choice. Either say, "Well, I've got to take time off the mats and rest." Or you look at it, you say, "Man, I can train through this. No pain, no gain, right? Tape it up, do whatever." And you keep pushing through it, and then eventually what was like a small injury becomes a bigger injury, and then eventually you need surgery, and then you're forced to rest. But what if there was a third choice? Now, there are times where you're going to be completely like injured and you have to take rest, 100%. But there's a lot of times where that's not the case. And if that's not the case for you, then there's a lot of things that we can do to work around it, and I'm going to give you a third choice today, which is going to be a strategy for rolling that you can roll around your injuries, you can roll through your injuries, you can help facilitate healing, keeping the blood flow going, and avoid re-injury because you're actually keeping your body acclimated to Jiu-Jitsu. And along with that, you can actually stay in relatively decent shape, and some cases that I'll share, you can actually make some improvement. And I'm sharing this with you guys because I got a question about it from one of our friends, Mark, who's having an injury, and he's wondering to know wanting to know what he can do to work around it. It's not a hardcore injury, but it's a nagging one, and he wants to know what he can do to get around this um in the best way possible. Now, what the hell am I talking about with this rolling strategy? What is the mystery, right? Um it's it's not that big of a deal, but it does require a lot of discipline, which I'll get into in a second, but it's play rolling. You might call it flow rolling. Now, rolling through an injury, staying in shape, making progress, all of this might be sound impossible to you, right? But I promise you it's not. I've done this several times in my 30s when I was trying to learn how to take better care of my bucket of bones because I want to be an old fart doing Jiu-Jitsu. I don't want to train so hard that I, you know, wear basically wear out myself too early. And recently I just did this getting ready for a competition. So, 3 weeks out from the Indianapolis Open, I got injured. My shoulder was jacked up. I couldn't do any pressing mo- motions lifting-wise, and I wasn't able to do any hard rolls without aggravating it. And so I didn't want to take off completely because, again, I don't know about you guys, but 3 weeks out from a competition is prime time, right? That's a that's an important time to be training, and so I wanted to be ready for the competition, but I wanted to recover at the same time, and so I did this leading up to that competition. So I documented this in my Master's Vault membership, which is a little thing on my back in my website, but how did this whole idea of play rolling before the competition while you're injured work out for me? Well, I got back to 100% felt pretty darn good, and happy to say, I took home two gold medals. I took home my weight class uh the medal of the gold in my weight class, and I took home the gold in the open division. Had some tough guys, had some submissions. Now, you might be asking like, "What exactly is flow rolling, play rolling? How do you do it?" Because again, you know, maybe I do it a little differently than you. So, here's the idea. I think of it kind of like almost improv comedy where there's sort of the rule of that you have to go with it, and you can't say no, right? You have to kind of flow with whatever's happening. So, when you're rolling with someone in a play rolling format, at least the way that I do it, the whole idea is that you're trying to keep the movement going. We're not trying to get s- like stuck in a spot. We don't want to offer that next level of resistance. So, if I'm gripping someone for a throw or whatever, and they break the grip, I have to go with it. I'm not going to like uh and try to prevent that from happening. There's also a lot of give and take, and so you're constantly maybe going for a sweep, and then you let them escape, or you pass their guard, but then you let them turtle and then re-guard. Even with submissions, you know, the rule that I do is that if you get a submission, you always leave a little bit of space for the person to escape from there, so you keep the movement going. Now, the rolling that I'm including in this video right now is rolling of me getting ready for the competition, and this is what I'm doing to recover. This is what I'm doing to stay active through the the injury, and you know, it doesn't look like we're moving that hard, but as we all know, Jiu-Jitsu sometimes is a little deceptive with that. I had a heart rate monitor on at the time, and I was keeping my heart rate at like in the 130 range, which is a pretty good workout, right? It's not crazy hard, but it's damn good for an injury workout. I'm still setting up my takedowns. I'm still going for going for my guard passes. I'm still doing my sweeps, just like I would. It feels very much the same to me as it does in say like, you know, a normal roll. Now, the intensity's not there, but the actual movement feels the same to me. And this is one of the other things, too, because sometimes you're going to have to take some time off completely because, you know, you get injured in a way that requires it. When you come back to training, it's a really good idea to reacclimate yourself to this stuff. You don't want to go into this stuff going from dead rest for like weeks, and then all of a sudden you go straight into training super hard. That's a fast way to get yourself re-injured. I know from my own bearded experience, it's a really good way to get yourself injured again and again. And so instead, you can reacclimate yourself to the Jiu-Jitsu movements by doing this type of flow movement. Now, the deal is with this stuff, and here's the biggie. You have to have a good training partner, and you have to be disciplined. You have to find someone that you can roll with who doesn't have to win, and you have to find someone that can roll with you where they don't just end up ratcheting up the intensity. And then you have to be disciplined because you have to remind yourself that you're doing this for a particular reason, and you have to resist the urge to want to go harder because we all do. We all love Jiu-Jitsu. We all love training hard. That's why we get addicted to this stuff, right? We we love rolling hard because it feels great, except like the next morning when you're recovering, but like during the training fashion, even if you feel better, because that's like those are like the famous last words. Like, "I feel pretty good. Let's go a little harder, right?" Or one more round, or whatever it is, because you feel good, and then you get yourself re-injured. You have to dial back and ease up off the gas pedal. Actually, I have one of my black belts coming back to train soon. He had an injury from weight training, and he's getting back to Jiu-Jitsu, and I'm going to start him with situational rolling and this play rolling idea for at least 4 to 6 weeks before he does any sort of full-on rolling to try to get him reacclimated so that we can avoid re-injury and get him back up to speed. Now, I said at the beginning of this video that you can make improvement with this. You can actually make progress with this. Some of you guys are like, "What the hell? How are you going to do that?" One really clear story about this is one of my guys came back from an injury. He was a brown belt at the time, eventually became one of my black belts. And he is like a lapel wizard, ghee wizard. That that's the kind of guy he is. That's the kind of game he plays. It was on a Saturday class, and I remember rolling with him, and because he's coming back from a surgery, and because I'm like 50 lb heavier than him, I wasn't going to put put full pressure on him, right? So, I told him was like, "Lock me up in this lapel, you know, wizardry that you're doing, and I'm just going to fight out of it and like not put full pressure on you. I just want to tinker with it." And I figured out this grip of how to shut down his lapel grips that he was playing, and afterwards I was like, "That's pretty neat." So, then I went around the rest of the the day using it on everybody else, and everybody else was kind of dumbfounded by it. I remember at the end of it they were like, "Hey Chewie, what are you doing? Show me, right? Like show me, what are you doing?" Cuz that was really irritating. Fast forward later on in the year, I'm competing at the Nashville Open, won double gold there, and I used that grip twice in that competition to shut down people's collar grips and their Bravo grips. And I remember thinking about it. I'm like, "Damn, I'm glad that I did that flow roll with Nick because here I am using that that grip against him." Now, there's another side benefit to this thing, too. Recently on my Jiu-Jitsu podcast, we were talking with orthopedic surgeon and Jiu-Jitsu black belt Megan Jimenez. And when we were talking to her, she said this interesting piece that I was thought was so important. A physical injury eventually becomes a mental one. Because you think about what it does to us. Anybody that's been injured and been taken off the mats or from physical activity or whatever it is, it puts you in a dark place. It ain't fun. And again, sometimes you're going to have to take rest. But in a lot of cases, the little minor injuries that we have, they don't have to completely sideline us, right? And you think about how much Jiu-Jitsu begins to mean to a lot of us, right? It becomes partly our friend group. We come in for the people that we get to meet in the community there. We have the training aspect. It becomes a part of our identity. And so if you're able to train through that in some capacity, able to avoid a lot of that, you're able to keep your routine alive, stay in shape, um be around the people that you enjoy being around. And when you come back, your body never really stopped doing Jiu-Jitsu, so you're less likely to get re-injured. I even remember one time doing situational training where my knee was messed up, and I couldn't do any sort of driving off my leg. I literally would just defend like this. I would lay on my back and let people try to like submit me, and I would just lay on my back and defend using my iron squirrel position and like frames. And you know what's interesting? I got so damn good at doing that because I did it for a few weeks while my knee was healing up, and when I came back to regular rolling, I felt like invincible from side control. Like even now, like when I go to seminars and things like that, I let people pass side control, and I almost never have any trouble with people smashing me or submitting me. And it was because of that situation where I got injured, and I didn't want to get off the mats, but I couldn't roll hard because my knee was messed up, so I just laid there and de- played defensively. And it was a beautiful thing. Now, when I went into that roll, I wasn't trying to submit anybody. I wasn't trying to win. My training partners knew that I was hurt. They were still trying to submit me, so it wasn't quite a play roll, um but again, it was definitely a like submaximal effort roll, and I got a lot better from it. So, again, what I'm trying to get at here, guys, is that if you get injured, it sucks. It's awful, but there are things that you can do. And if you're getting older, and and then and this is kind of where my mind's at because I'm 41 now, right? So, that's kind of where my head is at. I want to train for a long time, and I want to train I want to be very good. I want to be able to compete, but I also want to be able to pick my kid up. I want to be able to hang out with my family. I want to have longevity in mind, right? And so one of the things that you can do is you can change up the intensity of your rolling where it can literally be play rolling, or it can be just a type of situational training. Whatever you can do, and that really is the question you have to ask yourself. What can I do? And this isn't just true for old people, it's true for everybody, but young people get away with stuff that maybe us old guys can't. Old women, too, you're included. I know like my demographic is like 95% dudes, but there's like five of you 5% ladies out there that are rocking with me. I appreciate you. But, this is something we have to do as we get older. We have to decide what can I do? There's something I can do, and then you have to find good training partners that can help you do it. If you have a chance to do this type of rolling while you're injured, great. Or, if you have someone that's going through it and you realize they need it, again, there is value in it both from the person that's training that way through the injury and the person that's rolling with them in a lighter fashion to help them get through it. I speak from experience, right? As someone who's competed and done pretty well for himself and also trained consistently with no injuries from 30 to 41, knock on wood. So, anyway, Mark and anybody else that's having that kind of question or has that idea, hopefully this has been useful to you. And I appreciate you guys and talk to you next time. So, guys, hopefully enjoyed the video. I know that format is a little different. Trying some things out just to have some more fun, mix things up a little bit. So, again, if you guys enjoyed the format, you know, you can comment down below. If you have some constructive criticism, you're welcome to leave that, too, but it has to be constructive. If you're going to be an well, you can. I'll have fun with I'll have fun with your comments. But, again, you know, don't don't waste your breath cuz I'm not going to listen. And but again, hopefully you guys enjoyed the video and that's that. If you guys want to ask a question, I'll pin a comment down below with a link where you guys can do it. And yeah, if you guys want to check out some other videos, you can check those out over here somewhere. And yeah, appreciate you guys. Talk to you next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]