Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? Today with question comes from Bob. It's an anonymous question because Bob doesn't want to put his coach on blast and then you know have it go out to thousands of people on the internet. So Bob says that he's a purple belt in his gym. He's got you know the basic fundamentals down for the most part and he's doing what everybody does at that stage which is you start dabbling a lot in other stuff. And with the internet being what it is now, people have a ton of information and they can just you know, take all kinds of stuff. There's a YouTube video here, there's an Instagram reel here, there's some instructionals here, whatever. Taking all kinds of information to try stuff out. Well, he's meeting some resistance from his coach. One of his black belt coach, right? And he says that the coach he realizes he's a little bit more traditional, right? But he's not an old guy and he's not particularly injured or anything like that. But he finds that when you know Bob says that he's using these different positions and techniques, he some kind sometimes get scolded from the black belt. Like kind of like what are you doing? Don't do that. And hearing them make it and like why you shouldn't use this that whatever. Even though Bob can go look at plenty of people using them in competitions, rolls, and sport jiu-jitsu. Now, you know, he also says like you know we're rolling in the gym. So it's a more it's a bit of a traditional gym but they're still rolling. They're basically doing sport jiu-jitsu. And so he's wondering if I have any recommendations on how to deal with the situation because he's getting a lot of friction from using different things from his coach and he's wondering what that is. So brother, thank you for the question. So obviously without being there, I don't know. But I will tell you something I have seen numerous times. It's a mindset that we tell all the white belts. Like all the black belts. This is pretty unanimous in jiu-jitsu. We tell all the white belts to have it. But then for some reason you see that at some point people in jiu-jitsu lose it. And a lot of times it's interesting because it's like the white the the black belts. The people telling the white belts to do this mindset, they don't have it themselves. Right? So when a white belt comes in, what do we sort of tell them generally? You know, we tell them the basic stuff of show up, keep training. That's your first goal. So learn survival defense and escapes. And don't get frustrated when you lose. This is just part of the process. Enjoy the journey, man. Right? That's what we tell people. And it's not wrong. It's right. But then you know what happens? Seen this happen so many times. People in jiu-jitsu, because they're human, we have egos. We have this identity we're trying to hold up. You see them progress. They get better. They start to get better. They climb. And all of a sudden there is a perception of them around with other people that they're this that whatever. They're good that whatever. And you start to sometimes see them get sort of locked in and congealed, right? Where they're no longer able to keep expanding because they lost that idea that they are not supposed to win every round and that sometimes they're going to look bad and maybe they don't win every round. Or that they don't know what's going on sometimes. You see that. I see that. And I don't know that that's going on with your coach but I've seen that a lot. I mean, let's look at this. Leg locks as an example in jiu-jitsu. When leg locks, just to kind of give you a quick history lesson if you're interested, leg locks in back of the day when I first started in 2003 were considered to be this sort of like it was almost like you're something not being a man. Like you're not being a real man and and you know you know we talk about being a man. Fight me man to man. Like whatever. That kind of thing. It's almost like that. You're not going for my upper body submissions. You're being cheater you're like a being a cheater going for my leg. That's kind of like the way that we looked at it. They were dirty. You might do them but you didn't want it to be your main game. Even though later on guys like Dean Lister and stuff were using them, people just didn't use them that much. And I remember Comprieto what he won one of the like won won worlds with a toe hold or something and they threw trash on him. But then, you know, in 2000 what was it? 2013 14? All of a sudden you're starting to see these leg locks pop up at the biggest stages and you realize writing's on the wall, bro. We're doing leg locks. It was 2011's where I I really started to notice. And like at my gym we started doing leg lock classes every week. Cuz it's like we have to do this because it's happening. And obviously when I started getting into it, I had I had no idea what I was doing and I would train with guys that were much better at me at them than me and I would look stupid because I didn't know what I was doing. But had to do it. Had to get better with it, right? But you saw a lot of coaches that were very resistant to it. Still are in some cases, right? Oh, you can't do leg locks. They're too dangerous. They're too dangerous to teach whatever. Or oh, you can't do leg locks because you can't really control the person. Both of which I think are absolute garbage because I can tell you that from as a coach's standpoint, we used to not train leg locks very much and we had more injuries from leg locks when we taught people how to teach how to apply them slowly like any other submission and how to defend them in the proper way and knowing when to tap and all of that stuff. With more education, less injuries. Very few injuries. I personally have done lots of leg locks and everything else and no injuries from them because people know what they're doing with them. But again, people will rationalize and will make excuses but I suspect that a lot of them just weren't good at leg locks and they didn't want to go through that process of sucking again like they were in the beginning, right? And I see this over and over again where coaches will become very resistant to learning anything new. And again, I don't know but I suspect sometimes at least some of the time that what it is is you've climbed out of that hole and you don't want to go back. Because every time like in jiu-jitsu when you get good at something, it means you're good at that something. Doesn't mean everywhere, right? You might be a really good guard passer and you might have a killer half guard. But your butterfly guard might suck. And if you decide to take on butterfly guard, well then that's a whole new set of things that you're going to have to do. Now you might get better faster but you're still going to suck for a while and some of those people that you were beating, you know, they're going to get the better of you now. Can you deal with that? And that becomes hard for some people as they start to climb the pecking order. They don't want to go back and take on that white belt mindset. And so as far as what to do, Bob, I have no earthly idea because that's your coach and if that's how they are, that's just that's them, right? Maybe you need to go to a gym with it well who's a little bit more open-minded or just simply lay it out to your coach that you want to practice the stuff you see being used and you know again if it doesn't work, it doesn't work. But you want to experiment. You want to play. You want to keep expanding your game. You want to keep expanding your jiu-jitsu. And if anybody is a higher belt watching this and you notice that about yourself, watch it because you'll do this tricky thing where you'll start to like get into something and you'll become resistant to it. And instead of being honest about really what's going on, you'll start to rationalize. Oh, I'm not doing that cuz of this that or whatever. Even though that isn't the real reason. You got to be honest with yourself. And so again, be mindful that if is you do not want to become that black belt, that brown belt, that higher level belt, you want to be the person that no matter what allows themselves to explore. I would tell you that on a weekly basis I'm getting submitted by several of my students cuz I'm messing around with stuff. The other day I got submitted by one of my students. He put me in an ankle lock and get somebody posted on Instagram. He's messing around. Of course we're having fun. But again, I we're experimenting. We're playing. We're trying stuff out. That's what we should always be doing. You should we should always have a little bit of that white belt mindset of being ready to take on the suck and being ready to lose the rounds that we can improve, right? That's part of it. If you're not getting submitted every now and then, if you're not getting beaten every now and then in the gym, if you're not getting out positioned or screwing stuff up, then you're not really trying. You're not really expanding yourself. So hopefully that helps you, brother. I know it doesn't really give you a solution for the coach but hopefully gives you a mindset to take with you in the future. Thanks for the question. Talk to you guys next time. [Music]