Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, earlier this week, the BJ community was a buzz with this story about this internet guru fella getting his black belt in three and a half years, joining the likes of people like BJ Penn, actually beating Gordon Ryan by a bit who took 5 years to get his black belt. Um, the guy's name is Derek Moneyberg. Um, I looked him up a little bit when before I did this video. Apparently, his real name is Dale, you know, but who am I to talk about that because, you know, my real name is Nick, but go by the name Chewy. So, we'll go with Derek. But so this guy, you know, gets his his black belt in three and a half years and he takes this picture with, you know, a bunch of different guys, bunch of highly respected and skilled athletes and the internet was just going crazy, right? Now, there's some people that are kind of like me, like don't care, right? You know, for me, this is like just another celebrity black belt. I'll talk about what I mean in a minute. Um, but a lot of people were very upset about it, you know, and this happens anytime in the jiu-jitsu community when there's a celebrity belt or sometimes when we see a fraudulent belt, you know, we go, "Ah, we get really angry about it because, you know, in jiu-jitsu, we tend to be very proud of the fact that it's different, say, than that karate dojo in the strip mall that takes like a year and a half or two years to get your belt that they just hand out to all the kids and everybody gets the belt. Here's your belt. Everybody gets a belt." And it takes us years to get to just the first belt in the ranking, right? it takes a long time to get promoted and so we take pride in that and so when we see people circumventing that process we get kind of angry sometimes um I've been even angry and and done some calling out uh in the years past um but again got a bunch of questions people asking me what I think about it and even one was from my student who was like chewy what do you think about this guy getting a black belt based on only private lessons his name's Victor maybe Victor's thinking about trying to work towards his black belt a little bit faster I'm just kidding Victor so first off I don't really care that much about the guy But I do think it's an interesting time to ask what does it mean to be a legitimate black belt? Right? So we say this guy's not a legitimate black belt. What does that mean to be a legitimate black belt? Chew on that idea a little bit. But going back to this guy again, I don't know him from anyone, but seems like it's a celebrity belt. And what I mean by celebrity belt, we all know there's the celebrities that come in, they do the private lessons, they pay a bunch of money, you know, and some at some point they get a belt, right? you can barely find any sweaty pictures of them training, but then they get this black belt or belt promotion, whatever. To me, those people are more like they're like honorary or something. It's it's almost like, you know, when the the the college will give someone an honorary degree after the fact. It's not like a real degree. It's just like, you know, whatever. It's honorary. You know, you didn't go through all the rigors that this other person had to go through to get their real degree, but you know, it's an honorary degree. It's like a, you know, high five for you. At least that's what it seems to I could be wrong about how those honorary degrees work. I don't know, but that's what it seems like. So, I look at those people. To me, they're like honorary degrees, right? Opposed to say a celebrity like a Tom Hardy who's actually out rolling in gyms. What's the other one? Mario Lopez, right? He's out there doing it. You know, as an older guy, he's out there training. You see him like you have respect for that because you're actually out there doing the thing just like us, right? And that's the whole thing with jiu-jitsu. And I think that's maybe why we get kind of grumpy about it sometimes as as a community collectively. I know not everybody does, but as a community collectively, we get grumpy when people do this because we're like, we're going through this thing. It's difficult. It's challenging. It tests us mentally. You know, all these different factors. We have surgery sometimes. We get busted up sometimes. And here you are trying to circumvent the process by just coming in and paying for it. You know, when you know, we know when we get on the mats, you can have all the money you want to, but when you and I roll, we're going to see who's better. And you can't buy that necessarily. You might have resources that help you get there sooner, but you can't buy the skill. You got to put in the work. And so, it seems like it's a circumventing of that and bringing us closer towards the karate dojo in the strip mall where, you know, you just you get a belt, you get a belt, you get a belt. That said, I don't know this guy from anyone. So, this guy could be crazy legit and super super good. Um, and I, you know, maybe Craig Jones is trying to set up a match. I don't know how serious he is, but maybe he sets a match with him with at the CJI and maybe he gets him an older black belt to compete against and it's a great match and we all eat our words and completely fine. It wouldn't be the first time I ate my words, but I'd be happy to see him be good because that would be a good thing. I think that would be a generally good thing if you actually saw this guy who's 45 years old who goes out and trains for three and a half years and becomes a legitimate black belt. I think that's promising for a lot of older guys, right? So, if he does that, hey, fantastic. But from the looks of it, it don't look like that. One of you guys sent me a question and then you sent me these videos of him like demonstrating techniques is that in these videos where he's demonstrating these techniques and just moving around. It doesn't have the same fluidity that I would expect from a higher belt, right? And again, it's hard to put your finger on what that is exactly, but I think with sometimes with skill and things of that nature, you know it when you see it. And as a coach, I'm looking at that going maybe a white belt, maybe blue belt, but doesn't look like definitely doesn't look like a purple belt or higher. and he just, you know, sort of clunkily moving around. And so I think that's a bit bit damning to your claim that you're a three and a half year black belt because it seems like you'd be like like a phenom, right? When you think about BJ Pin, BJ Pin was referred to as the prodigy because he was so good. When you talk to or hear about guys like Gordon Ryan, Gordon Ryan was a like a monster. Like even as like a blue and purple, people were talking about who who is this kid, right? So again, you don't hear those things. And also too, kind of going along with that, when you listen to the interviews where they're doing those sort of the odd interviews where these people are talking positively about him, they don't talk about him in the way, and again, I've only watched a few minutes of this. I didn't dig that deep, so maybe I'm missing a lot, but um got stuff to do. I'm here in Costa Rica. I'm not going to sit here and watch videos. When you hear people talk about him, they do not talk about him in the way that I would expect someone to talk about them. Say, I hope to say it correct. if this person is a three and a half year black belt phenom person, right? What do I mean by that? Right? Well, I can tell you that anytime I've had a person that really exceeded the average, I talked about that person very glowingly. Dude, this dude is a beast, a monster. Talked about my guy Brandon Reed. I'm like, dude, this dude is so he's so good. He's got a mind for jiu-jitsu. He's a stud wrestler. Chad Hardy back in the day, one of my, you know, students, you know, kid was just a stud. I was like, man, this guy, he's a black belt level on the ground um off of his back. He's got such a sick guard. I mean, I talked about these guys in such glowing terms. But whenever they're doing these compliments, they're very measured. You know, it's like, oh, you know, he really knows jiu-jitsu and he can really explain it very well. And um they sort of talk about it almost defensively. Man, I I you know, black belt really means a lot for me, so you know, it's something. You know, it just it doesn't seem like the way that you would talk about someone again when you gave them a black belt in that short amount of time. Now that said, any of these celebrity belts, in my opinion, I feel bad for him because it's like you got the belt, but you missed all the fun parts, right? Like when I look at jiu-jitsu, I get given f less about my belt. It's just a thing, right? But it's what this belt is represented. Like when I think about all the memories, you know, cuz like the older you get, they realize it's like you look back at your life and it's these like attachments, these bonds you created with these other human beings, uh the camaraderie inside the gym, the the matches like where you you know, you were up against this person and you were nervous about this match and you were had this pit in your stomach and in your head you're like, "This dude's going to beat me. He's from this big team, whatever." And then you go win the match. Or, you know, when you're down like 10 points and you come back to win the match at the last second. You know, you're in the gym, you're frustrated, and all of a sudden you start making that progress afterwards. Whatever it is, you have these journeys that you go through and these these ups and downs that you go through and it makes that's what makes it good. The bitter and the sweet together, right? That's what makes this whole thing worthwhile, not the belt. The skill that comes with the belt, the the camaraderie that comes with the belt, the bonds that come with the belt. That's the stuff that to me that's really worth it. I could it could be just me, maybe I'm wrong, right? Um, but I feel sorry for these because you're getting this experience, but you're not really getting the real experience. Not the thing that like brings million of millions of us to the gym. To just be completely honest with you, if you took two people, one doing all private lessons, one doing group training, I as long as the group's good and the coach is good, I would put my focus, I would put my money on the person doing the group, they're going to get better faster. They're faced with more situations that they're going to have to deal with versus the private lessons. Private lessons are great. They're good to sprinkle them in there, but I don't think that they're the replacement for group training. My bearded opinion, of course. Speaking of bearded opinions, let's talk about this idea. What does it mean to be a legit black belt, right? What does that mean? You know, is it just your effectiveness like on the mats? Like being able to beat everybody, right? But what happens when you get a little older and you're not as effective as you used to be? Do you have to start getting demoted after you become a little bit older? That doesn't seem right, does it? We don't do that. Just so we don't say, "Hey man, you're, you know, 50 years old now. You can't beat that competitive purple belt anymore. Time to go back down to brown belt." No, we say, you know, it's just things change. Is it just time though? Right. May maybe it's a time, you know, three and a half years. Maybe if this guy did it for seven years, maybe that would be more acceptable, right? Possibly. But we know it's not just a time thing because sure, there are gyms that promote based on time and attendance and stuff like that. In jiu-jitsu tend we tend to look at about that not so well maybe kind of mc dojo e because we all learn at different speeds don't we? What about teaching? Is it that you have to be able to teach stuff? You have to be able to explain this stuff to people, right? But then does that mean that the young black belts who are competing and winning everything but maybe haven't developed their teaching chops yet, are they not real black belts? No. We know that's not true. And maybe it's just being able to explain this stuff, the knowledge and being able to tell you what these moves are and everything else. Is that what it means to be a black belt? But again, we know that it's different from knowing something like I can have a blue belt memorize a Donna her instructional or whatever, but they're not going to be the coach that Donna is, right? It's different. It's different to convey that the information to other people. It's different from being able to apply it during a live role compared to just simply just saying it, right? So, I think for most of us, we would say it's a mixture of all these things, right? It's a mixture of these things and different gyms promote differently. Everybody promotes a little differently than the others depending on their situations, right? Some people have higher requirements for others. Even side gyms like mine, I might hold one person at a higher standard versus another depending on their goals, whether they're competing or not competing. Um, I also adjust depending on their age and things like that because again, maybe this person's really skilled. They have great knowledge, great ability to teach. Um, and you know, when they roll against people of similar age and size, they do just fine. But when they're rolling with these 20-year-old purple belt competitors, maybe they don't do as well. Well, that's not as important as all this other stuff, especially considering where they're at. So, they're where they need to be. So, there's a lot of factors that go into it. And as I said, sometimes with some of it, sure, you can put some together, some belt test if you wish, but on some level, you kind of know when you see it. I remember I was listening to I think it was Pedro Sauer was on an interview and Pedro Sauer said that I think it was maybe it was Hixon and Alio or someone right it was like Hixon another guy they're watching Pedro move on the mat and they're like it's time it's time to promote him right and that was kind of they made that moment they look at him they're seeing him move and they're like this dude belongs here so to to come back around full circle what do I think about this guy getting his black belt don't know don't care do I think he's a legitimate black belt using the criteria IA that I listed out probably not. He might have some of it, right? But I don't think probably he's he's a legitimate black belt in the sense like being able to have some mixture of the teaching ability, skill, effectiveness, all these other things. Again, I could eat my words. Could completely eat my words. I have no problem doing that. Right? So, if this guy comes out and posts a bunch of videos and it's like, "Dude, this dude's a killer." Hey, no problem. But what do you think? What do you think a legitimate black belt is? And another question maybe to to ask you if you're in the jiu-jitsu community, what do you think about celebrity belts? Like what do you think about celebrities and you know these wealthy people getting belts super quickly um and sort of circumventing the process and the the path that you're on uh personally? You may not care. You may have strong opinions about it. Let me know what you think down in the comments. I'll come through and check them in the next couple days. And appreciate you guys for watching the video. Talk to you next time. [Music]