Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? So, I'm about to show you a couple of my matches from the recent IBJF Indianapolis Open. I had some good performances and I wanted to share them with you guys. And real quick, just a word of warning. If anybody posts like negative comments or trashy comments about my opponents, I'll have them deleted. I've posted my competitions over the years. And again, I never do this to be like, I'm so much better than these per people or whatever, right? Cuz I can easily end up on the other side of the ref while the other person gets their hand raised. I post these videos with you because, you know, I consider myself first and foremost a a jiu-jitsu coach. That's what I do. I coach people in jiu-jitsu. That's what my job is. However, it's also one of those things where I've become a YouTuber, right? Never really intended to do that, but that's part of what I do now. Even though I absolutely hate the term and I absolutely despise the idea of being an influencer, but in this world we live in right now with like the videos, there are so many bullshitters out there, right? And I mean every space there's like for instance I'm a business owner so I get targeted for all this stuff. These business guys that talk about how to run a successful business and these guys have never run a successful business. They've never operated a successful business but they're going to teach me how to run one. Like get out of here. And there's plenty of social media people in jiu-jitsu who they show all kinds of crazy stuff, whatever else. But like they don't get out and test it. They don't go out and show that it works, you know? They're like yeah like watch me beat up my white belt and look at me like trash them. Like that's not what I'm about. So, I share this stuff with you guys because because I have a very simple game. My game is very simple. I show this to the channel over over and over again. In fact, a lot of people will send me messages. I've had comments. I've even had people tell me this to my face in person. Oh, man. I love your jiu-jitsu stuff. It's really great, man. Great simple stuff. Really awesome for white belts. And I mean, like, if you watch my matches over the years, for the last decade and a half, like that's my game. It's simple. I like simple because in my bearded but I think correct opinion in many cases subtraction is harder than addition. Like for instance with diet, it's easy to go ahead and suck down some more vitamins, add another vitamin, add another supplement to the mix. But you know what's tough for most people? Taking a little bit of sugar out of the diet, taking a little extra food out of the diet, taking your junk food out of the diet, reducing your calories. That's hard for people, right? And you think about the biggest problem that a lot of people have in jiu-jitsu. It isn't that they don't have enough information. They have too much information. They're like chasing all these new things. There's always a shiny object thing over here. You know what's tough? To think about what it is that you want to do and then focus on that thing for a long period of time opposed to, you know, chasing a new technique every day and doing something new and always looking for the new trend and what the new meta is. It's harder to focus on things for a long period of time and to dive into that deep complexity that you get when you focus on something because you know you can have this shallow knowledge but when you stick with something for a long period of time you get into this deep knowledge where the complexity of it is in the the grip changes the positional adjustments and the the strategy of it the the principles that you understand behind it. That's where the magic to me is and that's where the complexity of my game lies. And so in these videos, you'll see plenty of stuff that I shown on the channel. Uh different sweeps, guard passes, and things like that. And so hopefully this is useful to you guys. And by the way, I have nothing wrong with new techniques, new positions. I do this stuff all the time. I experiment all the time, constantly do that. I I love doing that. Um but again, I'm just sharing my philosophy that when it comes to being effective, subtraction, that's what you're looking for. You're looking for simplifying things rather than making them more complex for complexity sake. that's been useful to me, my jiu-jitsu, my life, my business, everything else. And also, just throwing this out there to you guys, if you want to train with me at one of my upcoming jiu-jitsu camps this summer, check the links or the pinned comment down below to get details for my upcoming jiu-jitsu camps at my gym uh this summer. They're a really cool, intimate experience where we keep the numbers relatively small. It'll be you guys and my students training together. It's a good time. And um let's get into the matches. What's going on? Heat. Yeah. Heat. Second left. Get that leg. Relax center. Back to center. Go back to the right. Oh yeah. You got your knees behind those foot on your head. Relax. Line your head up. Your head straight line. Use your head. Your hips. Shoulders away. Shoulder knees. There we go. Green. straight. Sit down towards your feet. Don't go high. Go low. Drag your butt down towards your feet. Get your head in front of the armpit. Get a minute. Scoot your butt forward. Let's go. Get your head on the other side. Other side. Get down. In position 1, 2. Nice. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. Go burn on that one a little bit. &gt;&gt; How you feel after that one? &gt;&gt; Good. So, I don't have any points. I don't have any points at Master Three, Old Man. So, I'm like the second to last seed. I was like, so I had a pigtails match to get into the bracket, so just wanted to get that one out of the way. Hold on. Hold on. 20 seconds. Tangle now. 15 seconds. Now transition anywhere. I'd like to see you there. Come on. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat.