Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? Today we have a question from Jeremy, who asks me, he says, "How do you get over the how do you get over feeling bad?" I was reading that funny for a second. How do you get over feeling bad about using white belts as test dummies for new moves and techniques? And so, um, thanks for the question, Jeremy. If you guys aren't familiar with how this works, maybe you're new to jiu-jitsu. If you are more experienced and more knowledgeable, more skilled than someone you're rolling with, we could say belt. If it's no, there's no necessarily belt on the mats or you don't see it. Or maybe it's wrestling. I mean, it's true for just about anything. You have some options with what you can do with these less experienced people. You can smash them and do the same old stuff that you always do. But smart grapplers like you, Jeremy, and like yours, Bearded, we will roll with those less experienced people, and you work new stuff, right? It's like your R&amp;D, your research and development. And then when you're rolling with people that are maybe of the same skill level or comparable, you get back to a tighter game, a game that you know a little bit better, right? All right. So, with that, when you're rolling with these new people, some people, and I think it's a mistaken thought, right, can feel bad about doing the same old stuff. Like, you know, you get a new person, a newer person, right? And you're just getting reps of the same sweep over and over again. And maybe you feel bad about it as if there's something negative about that. So, let me give you a couple ideas to chew on, Jeremy. First off with you, if you're working on something that's newer to your game, you're already giving them a better chance to engage with you than if you were using your agame. Cuz obviously if you use something that you know really really well, then they're probably going to have less chances to engage with you, right? It's not going to happen even with me. Like sometimes when I'm working on new stuff, some of my blue belts and purple belts can catch me and stuff. Um just the other day I was playing a very defensive game, right? I'm basically practicing, you know, turtling up, playing from failed shots, and letting people get past my legs so I can practice the turtle game a little bit more because that was the mood that I was in. That's what I wanted to work on. And in a couple cases, I got caught in some stuff. One of my guys, he he little is a one of the blue belts, tough blue belt, jumped on my back, slid his arm right under my neck, and got a beautiful choke. So, by me playing a game that I'm not as skilled with, I'm actually giving him a better shot. right now. Afterwards, I remember we're talking and he's like, "Chew's just letting me work or whatever." I'm like, "No, no, no." Like, "You caught me in the choke." Yes, I'm working on something, but I'm working on it for me. I'm not like just letting you beat me. I'm like trying to work on something different. Sure, I can go back to my agame, take you down, pass your guard, smash you, but again, I get more from doing this kind of stuff, right? Working on something new. And so, by you playing something you're not as skilled with, bro, you're already giving people a chance to engage on you on a on a better chance they could. Another thing that you can do, and I do this a lot of times where if I'm getting ready for a competition sometimes and I'm working on my agame and I'm doing this heavy pressure passing type stuff, I kind of feel bad sometimes like you're saying um because you're just putting so much pressure on people. So what I'll do is I'll pass and I'll give them a little bit of wiggle room to engage and as long as they're technically doing the things correctly, I might let them get a sweep so I can work back sweep back on top to go for the pressure pass and then reset. So, I'll give them a little bit of room to work from time to time. I'll get my move, give them a little space so they can kind of practice a little bit, and then once I sort of get to another position, I'll then go back to using my move. So, I give them a chance to engage, but then at the same time, then I'm engaging back through trying to get repetitions essentially live drilling with the the the technique that I'm working on or the position or whatever it might be. Right? So, that's another idea. Here's one more thing just to consider. A lot of times like we feel like learning is happening when things are going well, right? Like like when you feel like you learn something, it's when you're doing it successfully, you're like, "Ha, I finally got it." Right? But the process of getting to that is messy. It's ugly. It's not always smooth. Right? A lot of times the deepest learning, and they've done studies on this to show some of the deepest learning, the learning that really sticks with you is happening when you're going through the most frustrating, difficult stuff. There was one book I read called Make It Stick. And they're showing how like one of the things that they found was if you deliberately make some of these learning bouts more difficult for people by structuring them in certain ways that seem counterintuitive that it actually makes the information stick with them better because it was more difficult. And again, we could think about the old adage, right? Like you know you know what what you what comes easy goes easy, right? Um those hard learn hard one lessons, right? We talk about those terms, right? Just intuitively it's like ah yeah, okay, makes sense. And so sometimes when these people are going through these positions where you're basically using them as a smash test dummy, right? Just doing whatever you want to do to them. Yes, even though maybe you're using them over and over again to get these sweeps or submissions or whatever, maybe they're not experiencing a lot a lot of success, but they are actually learning that position because we're not just learning when we're doing the right thing. We're learning when we're doing the wrong things. You know, having a a son now really like watching him go through toddlerhood is really like eye opening because you're watching like base human learning. You're just watching because I can't really give him a whole lot of like rules on everything. I can't give him explicit instructions about everything and tell him the conceptual ideas about why we don't do this or that. Right? But you can watch him explore his environment. I watch how he puts something together or maybe he's trying to like play with a little knob or something and at first it's kind of frustrating or whatever and eventually he figures it out and then it's like boom he's got it every single time and he never forgets it. And so you're seeing him he's just intuitively exploring his you know relationship with the environment and figuring things out. I think this is one of the things where you know there's this whole debate right now in jiu-jitsu which is like ecological you know traditional what I don't know whatever right to me it's like just use whatever you want to use and get good at stuff right but one of the things like the CLA approach if you've read the books by Robert Gray like there's some it's worth a read it's it's dry but if you're interested in learning and you're interested in teaching people there's some really interesting ideas in the book doesn't mean you have to go full CLA you don't have to be an eco bro there's some really useful ideas one of the ideas that really I think it get right is trying to structure things in at different times and cases where you let people intuitively learn right because we've been so conditioned from schools that like oh hey like I have to explicitly lay this out for you I think that's useful I think there's a lot of value in instruction but there's also a lot of value especially in grappling where you intuitively figure things out I've talked about this on this channel for 10 years now a lot of times your body will figure things out before your mind can articulate what the hell you're doing it just figures it out magic Right? Body's a beautiful thing. Go into the situation with the less experienced people. They're learning in those moments. I remember when I first started, I learned a lot from learning not what not to do, right? Every time I put my hand here, my coach submits me. Every time I like put my arm out here in guard, I was getting submitted. So, I'm getting crushed over and over again. But I'm starting to learn, oh, pull your hand back, right? Or when I was in back mount, I noticed that every time my neck came up, I got choked, right? or as a wrestler, I came into jiu-jitsu, I would turn my back, they would choke me. So, I started to learn, don't turn your back. Right? So, even in those moments where, yeah, you're practicing on them. Maybe you're just using them over and over again to do things to them to practice your own stuff. They're learning in those moments. May not be fun for them. It's kind of messy, whatever, but they're learning in those moments. And so, again, just some ideas to chew on, right? You can you can play, you can do this a lot of different ways. You can go at them and give them a little space to move around. you can, you know, go about it from the standpoint of that you are letting them work a little bit more because you're using something you're less experienced with. And then you can go about it with the understanding that no matter what, even if they're getting smashed left and right and you're using a technique over on them over and over again and they're getting frustrated, they're still learning in that process. That's part of learning. So, just an idea to chew on. Jeremy, thank you for your question. I'll talk to you guys next time. [Music]