Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? Today we got a question from Mark who's a 45-year-old blue belt who wants to train all the damn time and he's finding out, as you might imagine, that a 45-year-old blue belt who trains all the time is getting fatigued and physically, sometimes mentally getting burnt out and sometimes having some small injuries. And so, he says he he started jiu-jitsu off because it was fun, it was enjoyable, it was some exercise where maybe he would get a little, you know, self-defense in as well. And then it sort of turned into something else and he got bit by the grappling bug, started competing and all this stuff and now he's just eaten up by the damn thing and wants to train all the time. And so, he sends me a message and basically asks, "Is there any way that he can train a lot and avoid getting injured, banged up and that sort of thing?" So, brother, thank you for the question and there is. And I will give you the secrets to how to train like damn near every day if you want to. The big deal is you have to change what you view as training, right? So, when you talk about training to people, most people view training as like the hard intense rolling and stuff that you do in the gym, right? Um you know, the big rolls, the hard training, leaving exhausted. They feel like that's the good training. That's what I need, right? But you have to think about training in the sense that there's different types of intensities. And you also have to think about your body in the sense that, again, your body has a budget. This is how one of my coaches told me, right? Your body has a budget for um expenditure, recovery, whatever you wish to say, right? And once that's spent, you're now going into debt to do anything else, right? So, for instance, let's say if you have, you know, as you get older, you have less of a budget to work with, right? Because you just your body can't take as much. When you're younger, you have more. And so, let's say you got your budget set up and all of a sudden like you really spend the first couple of days just training super hard and you are just taxed to the gills. You're done, your body's exhausted, you're mentally fatigued, but you know, you will yourself through it because you have, you know, willpower and you've been watching a lot of David Goggins videos and so, you go into train again and again and again and then you start to It's almost like you're getting into debt for your body to recover from. And that's where you start to feel those being mentally fatigued and having your body start to break down on you and then you get into bad places. So, what you have to think about doing is how do you manage intense sessions, hard sessions with lighter sessions and things to help you recover? So, for instance, let's say that you had a hard training session on one day. Maybe you hell, maybe even did a two-a-day. Well, then maybe the next day could be a day where you walk and do some stretching and loosening things up. Some good blood flow, basically. Recovery work, but letting your body recover a little bit faster and aiding it with some movement, right? There's a lot of um literature to support that doing some sort of light movement and getting blood flow is good for recovery better than doing nothing at all, right? And then maybe having another day where you then, instead of going these hard rolls, maybe you focus on getting more skill work, right? Where maybe it's an open mat and you can talk to your one of your training partners and say, "Hey, would you like to work on a specific position with me today and we're only going to roll from this specific position?" Situational training or doing jiu-jitsu games, whatever you wish to do. Those allow you to train in a very specific area to develop skill without taking on the all the variables of like a full roll and a lot of times it help you avoid a lot of the injuries and the intensity of it. A regular full roll can get very intense and you're going back and forth and you may not get to the position you're trying to work on anyway. So, keeping it really sort of confined to a specific area is very useful for having a lot of skill work out of a very light training session. And then you could then have another hard day after that. You can just you can do this thing. But again, it goes back to you having to change on what you think hard or what you think training really is. Training is your hard rolls, training is your, you know, your your situational training if you will, training is your recovery days. Like are you doing some walking, some light cardio, some stretching? Training's all of it. It's lifting weights, all of this is training. And so, you can do a little bit every day that's going to aid you in your quest to be better at jiu-jitsu. Now, can you train really really hard every single day? I would advise against it, Mark, because as you're already feeling, your body's not feeling too hot from it, right? So, you're only going to go into a bad place. Even for me, I'm telling you right now as a guy who's 40 years old, so I'm younger than you, I've been doing this a lot longer, this takes a lot out of let less out of my body than it does for you because I've been doing it longer, I don't train hard every single day. My body just can't take it. I don't even get good results from that because if I train really hard multiple days and I don't give myself some time to recover, then by the end of it like third day in, I'm just sort of going through the motions. Whereas if I take a day of rest or have a recovery day where I do some light and when I say rest, that's kind of me. I don't ever take I don't really take days off. I'm always doing a little something. It might be the walk, it might be the stretching, some yoga. I'm always doing something every day. And so, when I say rest, understand that. So, I've had me having one of my rest days and I'm doing some active recovery type stuff. The next day I come back, I get such a good training session because I had this day to get my body back up to speed. And same thing with lifting, right? Lifting, go and do my lifts, do all that stuff. I don't even lift super intense anymore because again, my most intense sessions of training are going to be in my hard rolls. Everything else is around is to support that. And I can't be intense here. It's like years ago I remember seeing a lot of people that would get into CrossFit. They would do these intense CrossFit exercises and they'd do these intense rolls. Your body can only take so much, right? So, I would have my for me finds I find it best to have my intense rolls and then everything else is sort of less intense and to support that. And again, trying to find the balance there. And you ultimately have to play around with this yourself to figure out what works for you and how much your body can take. But again, that's my idea to chew on. If you want to train every single day, you can do it, but you have to change what you think about as training and you also have to make sure that you do not equate hard training as good training. It might be, but that doesn't necessarily mean it is because a lot of times you can get a lot of good skill work that is in a less intense roll opposed to just going really hard all the time and feeling like you did something because you got really sweaty. So, those are my ideas to chew on, Mark. Hopefully it helps you, brother. Talk to you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]