Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, me and Marvin here, I have a question to ask you. By the way, what did they call you the other day on the Terrence? &gt;&gt; Terrence Crawford. I a lot. I get that one and I get James Harden. &gt;&gt; I don't see I don't see the Terence Crawford at all. &gt;&gt; I don't I see James Harden more. &gt;&gt; Who's James Harden? &gt;&gt; Basketball player. &gt;&gt; I don't know who that is. I &gt;&gt; I don't know ball I don't know ball sports, but I'm going to ask you guys a question about knee bars. &gt;&gt; So, Marvin here went on a tear with knee bars. So, like how many knee bars did you get at that tournament? &gt;&gt; Eight. eight tournaments or eight knee bars in one tournament. There's like a Al Bundy reference there or something for any of my old folks, right? Four touchdowns in a single game. Anyway, he goes to this tournament, gets a bunch of knee bars and then obviously, you know, he made a post about it showing all the knee bars. No big deal. But a lot of the uh a lot of the people were making a stink about it in the comments saying like, "Blue belts doing knee bars. Oh, you know, Ivy Jeff wouldn't allow this and you know, that's against the rules, whatever it is, right?" So, just making a stink about it. And I was thinking about this cuz, you know, as anti-leg locks as the like early 2000s jiu-jitsu was, we all used them pretty early. And I remember going to um several tournaments where knee bars and straight ankles um were all legal at white belt. It was like basically it was like if you if you didn't know how to like defend a knee bar, it was kind of like why not? It's like an arm bar, right? Like twisting things like heel hooks and stuff were a little bit more dangerous. Although I do remember there being a tournament. I remember we even thought it was a little wild that they were like letting white belt do heel hooks and you were just watching open. &gt;&gt; I mean get ripped. But anyway, but this is like back before people kind of knew what they were doing. So I mean there's no like control. I mean it's like grip is rip. It's terrible. But &gt;&gt; definitely lost a few ACLs at that tournament. But again for me thinking about it just just in my general view my bearded opinion if you can't defend a knee bar like I guess you know there are different qualifications for blue belts. Just saying. Um, and again, you know, for me at the gym, we always start guys off doing leg locks early. Now, they can't use heel hooks in full rolling like early on, but we make sure that they know them early on so they learn them so they can learn how to defend them. They can learn how to use them. Because I'll tell you as a coach, I've had less submission or less injuries of from leg locks after we did them more because people know how to apply them safely. They know how to defend them properly. Um, and again, you know, at the very early on, we want them to get exposed to leg locks because you don't want to do no leg locks and all of a sudden you get to purple belt or brown belt or whatever level you get to and all of a sudden it's like, "Aha, surprise. You now have to deal with this weapon that you haven't done anything with." &gt;&gt; That's what I said to one guy. He was like, "They can't do them till brown and black." I was like, "What do you think I'm going to do to people when I get there?" &gt;&gt; Like, if they haven't used them for years and now they're available. &gt;&gt; That's right. So my question to you guys is do you think that blue belts and white belts let's say blue belts because let's white belts whatever you know but blue belts do you think blue belts should be able to do knee bars knee bars me you can't knee bar &gt;&gt; what do you think drop it down in the comments below I'm curious to see what kind of people we're working with here and I make no judgment if you're not a knee bar person and you're blue I make no judgment whatsoever I'm just having fun with you guys but I'm curious right like do you guys care about the arbitrary rule set of one tournament as if it should be the standard for all or do you think that yeah, knee bars are fine and whether you use them or not? Let me know what you think and uh talk to you guys next time. &gt;&gt; We got to clap. What? Oh, no. We got to clap. [laughter] &gt;&gt; He Marvin really likes the clap. Like we'll we'll do videos sometimes that aren't like posted on YouTube. They're posted like for some of my like instructionals and stuff like that. And he's like the clap's there. All right, let's do this again. &gt;&gt; Talk to you guys next time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]