Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today's video is about something that holds a lot of jiu-jitsu practitioners back. I get messages about this. I have students that struggle with it. I think it's a big thing that happens for a lot of people when they get into jiu-jitsu because a lot of the stuff that we do in jiu-jitsu is not anything else we do outside of the gym, right? It's very foreign to people and a lot of times it takes them a little bit to get comfortable with it. Here's where I'm going with this. Recently I was in my one of my coaching groups that I have for my old man which old woman old person guard passing and the group the coaching group that I have it's 30 and up so it's a bunch of older people like me and we're talking about implementing this program right and I was talking to one of the brown belts in the program and been training for a long time one of the things that he said was that the program was really helpful because it taught him how to use his pressure in a technical aim. Now, he's a bigger guy, right? And he says that when he would put pressure on people, he felt like he was being a jerk. And so, he wouldn't put his full pressure on people because he didn't want to be mean. But then going through the program, he's like, "Oh, I can use it for this specific technical aim." And that made it a little bit more palatable to him. So, he could actually use this pressure more and experience a lot more success with it. And being a bigger guy, that's going to be a nice tool in his tool belt to be able to apply more pressure in a very technical manner for a specific purpose. And so he was, you know, having a lot of success with it. But he said he had a lot of trouble for years applying pressure because he didn't want to be a jerk. Recently talking to one of my female competitors, one of my young women, and she's, you know, getting ready for competitions and stuff. And we were talking and I told her, I was like, "You got to be a little bit more aggressive when you're rolling with your training partners to get ready for this competition because the women that you're going with, I mean, they're going to come at you and try to rip your head off." And she's competed before. She understands this. And she was telling me, she said for whatever reason, she's having a mental hang-up right now about being too rough, being too aggressive. She doesn't want to be, in her words, she doesn't want to be a to him, right? And so, again, we had a conversation with her. I'll tell her, tell you what I told her. And then last night, we had a good hard training session and she was rough in the the right ways for technical reasons, right? And so, this happens all the time. I talked to many of you guys. You say have trouble with being too aggressive. You're too nice on the mat. Some of you guys realize this. Some of you guys that are bigger, you don't you don't know how to or you feel bad applying pressure because you're worried, oh, I don't want to be mean to people. And so, a lot of people have trouble with this ability to be aggressive on the mats and they want to change it. So, here's some ideas to chew on, right? First off, consider this. I'm stealing this from one of my students. One of my students, Adonis, he started training with us and his college wrestling coach told him that there is a time when you need to be in the zoo and a time where you need to be in the jungle. And you can think about that, right? An animal in the zoo is a little bit more docile, isn't it? Does it has the ability to be wild, but again, it's a little bit more docile. The animal in the jungle, it's a different story, right? That's a wild animal out there doing stuff. And so, you need to be able to bounce back and forth between them. A lot of times, you'll hear people talk about having a switch that they can flip on. You got to have that switch. It's something you have to develop. You have you have to have the ability to go lighter and easier and smoother. And then you have to have the ability to assert yourself on another human being because combat sports, what is it? It's you asserting your will on another human being. That's what it is. And again, for any of us practicing, you don't want to be one of those people that like you're you're really good technically, but you lack that ability to have that oomph to assert yourself on someone. So if someone comes into your gym and they're just a little bit more physical, they can just run rough shot over your technique. And so here's the ideas with this because you have to train this. You have to train this technical aggression, what I like to call assertiveness on the mats, right? You're asserting yourself on another person. Couple things to become okay with it that could be useful to you. Number one is to have a technical aim behind it. So if you're putting pressure, if you're running a cross face, if you're grinding your form in their mouth, whatever it is, any of the uncomfortable stuff that you're doing, have a technical reason for doing it. Know why you're doing it. If you have a technical aim, that doesn't you're not being a dick. you're doing jiu-jitsu, right? There was an example of one of my matches recently where I was up against this guy who had a great buggy choke game. I watched him finish a whole division at Worlds the previous year with a buggy choke. So, we get into a position, he starts setting it up and I'm framing across his mouth with my forearm and I'm pushing and I'm making it uncomfortable as uncomfortable as I can make it. Now, as soon as he lets go, I let go because I'm not just trying to grind his mouth down. I'm just trying to make sure that he doesn't pull me into this damn choke and get the finish, right? There was a reason for me to do that. I want to make it uncomfortable. So, so you do this. Another one of my matches years ago, I remember I was putting a forearm in the person's neck and putting some serious pressure just to get them to come up and grab with their hand, right? And when they did that, I took the arm bar. So, I wasn't grinding their neck to grind their neck. I was doing it to get their hand to come up. Same thing with pressure. when you apply pressure, it sucks if you're on the bottom of it, but again, if we can use it for a very technical aim, whether it's to pin the shoulders, open up arms for submissions, whatever it is, right? So, you want to have a technical aim. If you have a technical aim behind whatever that uncomfortable stuff is, then you're not being a dick. And probably the most important aspect of this, if you want to decide whether or not you're being a jerk to someone on the mats, is where does it come from in you, right? So, if you're applying a pressure to some, if you're applying pressure to someone, if you're squeezing, if you're doing something on that's going to cause discomfort, are you doing it for that technical purpose that we talked about? Or are you just frustrated? Are you angry? Are you just grinding your form into the neck to grind your form in the neck? Or are you doing it for a reason? Right? Again, it's a simple thing, but when we're rolling, we're dealing with a lot of stuff. And I've seen plenty of people get frustrated on the mats. Maybe you you have, too. Everybody, I think at some points, is going to get frustrated and they will sometimes, not all the time, but sometimes they will do things out of frustration that they know they probably shouldn't do. And one of those things is again where you start to try to cause discomfort or pain, not because you're trying to do something technical, but just because you're pissed, right? And so again, think about where it's coming from you. If there was a technical aim and you're applying some pressure and you're squeezing and you're doing whatever, that's jiu-jitsu, right? And if someone gets angry about it, that just sorry, that's just that's the way that this works, right? On the flip side, if you do something that's that's sort of causing discomfort and you're doing it because you're angry, that's when you need to take a step back and walk off the mat and chill, right? We don't want to we don't want to get into that kind of game. It's not a good place. It's it's not a good that does not create a good environment with you and your training partners, right? So, for a lot of you guys that have trouble being aggressive and and putting pressure on people and those sorts of things, that's some ideas to chew on. Okay. Now, one thing that I want to end this video with, cuz I'm sure it'll come up, is you have to do all this with discernment. Meaning, you have to decide when it's the right time to do this. So, for instance, if old Choo Choo is rolling with like a 110 lb female on the mats, probably not going to go full like squeezy pressure passing, you know, knee on the face or anything like that, right? Wouldn't be uh just wouldn't be the good thing to do, right? On the flip side, if I was rolling with like one of my guys DT who's, you know, 240 pounds, as strong as an ax and athletic, I'm going to use a little bit of pressure, right? If I go with my big guy Bobby who's like 250 and he's like a big brown, I'm going to use that pressure. I'm squeezing, right? If I go with my young guy Charlie who's a super tough, you know, black belt around 190, I'm going hard because I have to because I got to fight back with them. Right? Again, you can you can undulate again between the zoo and the jungle. There's some times where you got to be in the zoo and you got to chill and bring it down a little bit. And there's sometimes when you got to add the pressure back, um add the the intensity back to it. Again, if you're going to compete, you have to be able to do this. But again, I think a lot of times people are worried about being mean or whatever, being too nice. You can't be too nice. Being too nice in jiu-jitsu is going to hold you back. You can train really hard like I'm talking about with a technical aim towards everything and you can be rough and it's fine, right? Like there's some of my training partners, we beat the living crap out of each other and we do so with a smile on our face and high fives afterwards and we don't injure each other because again, we're shooting for technique, not just being rough for rough sake, right? We're trying to make things happen versus I'm just trying to beat you up, right? There's a different sort of thing there. So just some ideas to chew on for you guys if you struggle with that. That's something that's been popping up recently. I talked to several people that have just in my sort of little ecosphere of jiu-jitsu and I figured I'd share with you guys because I know it comes up a lot. So, stop being too nice. Apply your pressure. Be a little uncomfortable with people as far as causing discomfort. Give them the squeeze. Give them the the pressure. Give them the cross faces. Whatever you got to do, just make sure that you have a technical aim behind it. Hopefully, it helps you guys. I'll talk to you next time. [Music]