Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? So today we got a question about developing confidence. So it comes from our buddy Philip who is a blue belt and he's struggling right now with his confidence because at blue belt he has struggled to get a win under his belt. Right? He just keeps losing. He's not winning. He'd won a couple competitions at white belt. Now he's at blue belt not doing well and it's really hurting him, right? Because he knows that if he would go into the competition with confidence that he would be able to win. But every time he goes to the conf competition he's losing and so his confidence keeps going lower and lower. Um now he's still training hard. He's still getting after it, but he's wondering if I have any tips on how to build confidence and how to push through this so that he could go to the competitions and perform well. So, Philip, brother, thank you for the question. So, dude, check this out. You're looking at confidence the completely wrong way. And I think that you're looking at your situation the wrong way. And and this is happens a lot. This is like the myth of confidence. Like people think that if you're confident that you just know you're going to go into a situation and that you're going to win, right? Oh, I know I'm going to win. That's not confidence. That's delusion. Right? Anytime you get into a competition of any sort, there's no guarantee, right? I look on like one of my favorite types of books to read is biographies. I love reading about biographies. I like reading about how people did things and how they, you know, worked their way up and the sort of things they went through to get there. And one of the common things that you see people who have done something, one of the common traits that they have that they've all sort of displayed is their willingness to fall flat on their face, usually more than once, and to get back up, dust themselves off, reload, try again. That's to me like the the thing that you really base their confidence on is that. I think about it like boxing. I remember when I started getting into boxing, when I was like learning how to fight MMA and I had to learn more striking, you know, grappling at that point was very, you know, normal to me, natural, but getting into boxing was rough. And I remember the thing that always bothered me in the beginning was getting hit. I didn't want to get hit and I would stiffen up a lot. It would it would hurt a little bit, right? When I started to develop the ability to roll with the punches, to stay loose, and to take the hit and it not really bother me, that was when I got really confident with my ability to go into a sparring session because I knew like, yeah, you're going to hit me, but I can take it. I'm going to be able to defend. No big deal. And when you look at these people who then take risks to go for something that they want and they can fall flat on their face and they just get back up and try again, that's confidence, bro. And for you, you should feel confident to some degree because look, you've lost. The worst thing that can happen to you in a competition is losing. And you've done that and you're still training. You're still here. You took the punch, you kept coming. You fell flat on your face. You're still coming. You should look at that and you should think, "Ah, that's pretty damn cool." You should be confident about that. The worst thing happens and you're still able to go. Now, how do you develop confidence to go out there and win? Well, I mean, there's strategies for that. The biggest thing is we develop confidence in the our our training room, right? By making sure that we know that something's working, right? If it's working on everybody in the gym, like if you have a good competitive gym, it's probably going to work outside of the into the competition. You probably need to narrow your game a little bit as far as your focus on a specific game plan style of rolling, like saying, "This is the style. These are the takedowns. This is the moves and positions I plan to use in competition. Let me focus on these as much as possible." Because again, in a competition, you're only going to use a very small sliver of the jiu-jitsu that you know, right? But beyond that, you should be confident enough to go out to that competition and say, "Oh, if I lose, big deal. I've already done this before. Not a big deal. Let me go for the win. I can take the risk because I know if I fall flat on my face. If I get submitted in 20 seconds in front of everybody, I'll just get back to training the next week and I'll come back again." And so that's how that's how I would tell you as far as confidence goes. Stop looking at confidence because your message was longer and kind of getting into some of the things I didn't mention in the the video. You're looking at confidence as it's going to be this thing where all of a sudden you're going to be walking around thinking you're just going to beat everybody. That's not confidence, bro. That's delusion. Confidence is knowing that you can fail or you can win. And either way, you're going to keep doing what you're doing. At least that's how I look at it. My bearded opinion, of course. But hopefully it helps you out, Philip. Good luck to you in your next competitions, brother. Talk to you guys next time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]