Kind: captions Language: en What's up guys? Today we're at the gym. I'm actually have guys working out right now. They're over there lifting weights. Hey, there's Aiden. Um it's funny. So, you know, the um the reason I do a lot of my videos at my house in my studio at the office there is because the gym's always busy. I've usually only got a couple hours here and I used to do a lot of my videos like late at night. If you go back and watch some of my videos say like 2000 and 23, 24 and before, you would kind of see that the the lighting looks a little differently, but the issue is I got a son and you know, I see him in the mornings and I come home for night time afterwards, so I can read books and bath time and stuff like that. And so, um can't do the videos here as often, so I do them at home. But that's sort of just random neither here nor there. Let's talk about jiu-jitsu. So, I got a question today um from a young guy. I didn't get the name down, so I'll call him Bob, but I apologize for not getting your name. I'll send this to you in an email later. Um but his question to me is he says, "What is a belief that you held strongly as a lower belt that is completely changed um as you become a black belt and what experience triggered that shift?" And so, I I could probably write a book on this, you know, because you know, things change a little bit when you've devoted your entire adult life to doing something and proving it, right? So, the things that I thought, you know, 15 years ago-ish, there's a lot that's changed. But here's the one biggie that I see people suffer from all the time. It's something I did wrong going into it, caused a lot of problems, and I see it committed over and over again. So, when I was younger, I basically equated being like having a good training session by the level of exhaustion I felt at the the the end of the session. So, basically, the harder sessions were better sessions. The issue is it's not always true, right? And it reminds me of kind of the way that people chase money, okay? So, there's a Stay with me here. I know there's kind of going all over the place here, but you'll see people and just in society in general, there is this pursuit of money and material possessions that people go after to make them feel happy, right? But the issue is and when you really look at it, there is a certain amount of money that like kind of takes care of the needs and allows us to do things that make us happy, but when you look at like the happiness, the things and the old studies they've done and everything else, you know, these things are like relationships with friends and family, your marriage, your relationship with your kids, obviously, finding purpose in your life, finding meaning in your work. I mean, you know, these things, having autonomy in your life, a sense of freedom, number of different things, right? These are the things that um you know, bring people more happiness. But the issue is those are really hard to quantify, aren't they? Like how do you quantify, do I have a good relationship with my son or my wife? I mean, it's kind of hard to put your finger on. You know it when you feel it, you know it when you see it, but it's kind of hard to kind of put your finger on. But money, cars, boats, things like that, those things are pretty easy to put your finger on. You know when you have them. They're tangible. But a lot of times the things that make you happy about them goes back to the intangibles. Why do you have the big house? Well, cuz you can have friends over. Why do you like for me, why do I have land? Because my wife can go play around in the barn and the horses, have a garden, my son can run up and down the hills and everything else and we can we can sled in the winter. Those are the things that it brings. But you have to think a little bit more deeply about it and I think people just default to, "Hey, get money because that's going to make me happy because I can buy this stuff." And they realize it doesn't. Anyway, that said, I think a lot of people in jiu-jitsu, and this is where I was at, they default to hard sessions mean better sessions. Because again, skill acquisition is a pretty hard to put your finger on that thing. Because you can train on a given day and do you feel like you've gotten better? Who who the hell knows sometimes. You can sometimes feel like you're training really focused really hard, but you sometimes feel like you're getting worse and sometimes you're feeling getting better. It's really hard to know. But if you wore yourself out and you're laying in a pool of sweat, you damn well know that you you had a hard training session, right? And you can feel like I did something. There's a sense of accomplishment that comes with it. Now, I will say that hard training sessions are necessary at times and they can be very useful and they can be very productive, but they can also be very just they can be very useless in the sense of skill acquisition. Great for exercise, maybe not good for actual getting skill. On the flip side, you can have a relatively light training session that's very focused on specific situations um and objectives and you know, you won't be leaving in a pool of sweat, but you could have got you could get some really good skill worked on. And so, that's something that's shifted a lot. And I know that when I was younger, it was always hard, hard, hard, the harder the better. As I got older, the experience that shifted was running into lots of injuries, seeing my students run into lots of injuries because we're going through the wringer all the time. We're training too damn hard and not getting the results that we'd like. It's like, well, we're training as hard as we possibly can. I don't know that we can push it anymore. We have to do something different. Then it became a lot more of being more focused with training, lots of situational training, uh being more strategic with training, hard days and light days, skill work only, that kind of thing, right? And so, with that, over the course of say 10 years from 30 to 40, as I began to shift more towards that, I can tell you that I won more competitions, I felt like my jiu-jitsu improved more, I feel like I have a better knowledge of jiu-jitsu overall, and I got injured a lot less, right? Like I had like multiple surgeries as like three surgeries as a white as like a 20 to 30-year-old and no surgeries from 30 to 40, knock on wood somewhere. So, that would be the one of the bigger shifts that I had, which was moving away from hard training all the time to being focused on more really focused skill work um and being moving in that direction where it could be hard or could be very light, but it's not necessarily about that. It's about are we actively working towards developing a skill, a position, a technique, something like that. And so, um to your question, bro, that's one of the things that I held pretty deeply back in the day was hard is better, no pain, no gain, that kind of thing and light was bad and then I that's shifted around a lot where it has no nothing to do with the hard or the the light. That depends on what we're trying to do. It's been that way even with lifting. I remember years ago with lifting weights, I would go into the gym and it was all about power lifting, strong men, the heaviest stuff that I could lift. I would tell you that now I lift moderate weight, controlled eccentrics, um pauses, you know, higher rep ranges, full range of motion. I can lift more regularly using that. I've been able to change my physique in a more effective way and my body feels better for jiu-jitsu because I'm not putting this heavy load on my joints all the time with heavy ass weight. But I'm still getting a lot of benefit from it with both my strength cuz I stay stronger longer because I'm doing these slow eccentrics and these pauses and developing isometric strength. And also, my body feels better because I'm not, you know, banging myself up so much that when I go into the gym, my joints are hurting or I'm super fatigued. So, I'm able to get the benefit of the lifting and then go in and train and have no issues. And so, I would tell you that again, dialing it back and training with a purpose instead of just defaulting to intensity just because it feels like I did something, that's one of the biggest shifts and that can be tough cuz sometimes the intensity feels good. It feels kind of good to be in a pool of sweat if you're wired like me. And so, that was a shift kind of moving away from that. That was big and was helpful. So, anyway, hopefully that helps you out, brother, and anybody else watching this video. I'll talk to you guys next time.