Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? Today we have a question from Bland Potatoes. There's a comment on YouTube and he says, "I'm a Buddhist and we talk about how expectations and outcomes are what cause suffering. Is there a distinction between having goals I want to obtain and not having expectations or outcomes in mind? I'm stuck on this and I'm having trouble and he's looking for some ideas." So, uh, bland potatoes, thank you for the question. And yeah, I mean, I think there's a difference and it's an important difference because I think having goals is a great thing. Having expectations for how things are supposed to happen will make you fragile, weak, and underperform. So, I'll give you an idea, right? Just as a quick example, right? Back in 2023, we had the first jiu-jitsu open. We did it at my gym. It was kind of a test run, a prototype just to see how things worked, to see if people were interested and the type kind of tournament that I wanted to run. So, you know, we did all the marketing stuff. We did everything. My business partners helped run the thing. And we ended up having like 200 competitors at my gym. And it was, if you guys were there, it was like a beautiful intimate mess because there were obviously some hiccups. Like my uh my gym has three units and has three air conditioners and two of those air conditioners went out and it was on the sort of hottest day of or hottest weekend of the year. It was like we had like 110°ree weather. It was boiling in there. So we had to rent these big fans and everything else. But all in all, it was a really exciting event. It was a success. And I remember when I was at the competition at the very end, a couple guys from Chicago, they came up to me. They were taking pictures and stuff like that. They had a good time at the competition and they said, "Hey, bro, did you expect this thing to be so successful? Like that must be exciting to you. Like were you expecting this much?" You know, something to that degree. It was all about the expectation. And I told him, I was like, "Dude, I never had an expectation of how this was supposed to go." And they were like, "You didn't?" I was like, "No, I didn't. I didn't. I had no idea. Like, I mean, I did what I was supposed to do. I put some effort into it. like we we worked hard, but as far as like how it was going to end, who the hell knows, right? I don't control that, right? And see, there's the difference. The goal was let's run this tournament and let's make it the best tournament we can. Let's do all of that stuff, control our own behaviors to make it better. But the expectation was let's see what happens. We don't know, right? Because you can go into anything. You go to a competition, right? You can have an expectation of I'm going to win the gold medal d so forth and so on. But you go there and maybe you have a freak accident. you injure yourself just randomly. Just happens sometimes. Well, boom, you didn't live up to your expectations. And I would tell you that a lot of times, especially with competitions, people will go out and if they have this big expectation that they're going to win this competition or whatever, I've done this before. Seen people do it plenty of times. They underperform because they're so attached to living up to this expectation that they forget the whole reason they or the whole thing they should be focused on, which is doing jiu-jitsu, training hard, eating the right foods, the whole deal, right? But at the same time, goals are incredibly helpful because having a goal puts you on a path. It gives you a mission. And for me, this is something that I found in my life where it doesn't matter like jiu-jitsu life, relationships, financial stuff, whatever it is, if you get that goal that you're excited about, it puts you on this clear path. You have a mission and you're chasing after it. And there's an idea that I would share with you that you'll only understand once you've done something, right? Because if if you haven't done anything in your life, this won't make any sense. You can nod your head and kind of go, "Okay, that makes sense." But it doesn't make any sense until you have re as far as experienced it until you've done something where you feel like you've accomplished something of note and worthwhile to you and then you realize that in the end it doesn't really matter and that the most fun part about it, the part that you'll look back with nostalgia was the chase, the leading up to it, the anticipation of, not the having the thing, right? Because there's this illusion of attainment where you think if you get this thing, oh, I'll be so happy if I only get this thing. It's a it's a crapshoot. It's not true. I think it was Epictitus, he wrote about this in one of his writings where he compared sort of the insatiable desire of of humans to a sickness. He says if you give a person who's just naturally thirsty, you give them some drink and they drink and when they're not thirsty, they stop. But if you give someone that's sick and feverish, you give them a drink, they drink and they'll they'll reject it, throw it back up, and then they'll want more, throw it up more. And when you think about what happens a lot of times with people, if they're not careful, they go out, they accomplish something, they win something, they get something, they buy something, whatever it is, they get this thing that thought they thought would make their life wonderful, right? They attain this thing, and then they get familiar with it. They have it, they've accomplished it. You know what they want to do then? They want more. And then they go eat more, then they want more. It doesn't end. It is a sickness that we all have to fight against, right? Because sort of we like we have to keep doing more. Society tells us you got to keep doing more whether you want to or not, whether it really makes you happy or not. And so, but going back to it, if you have that mission that you're after that's meaningful to you and you're chasing after it, that chase is the best part. It's not the done, it's the doing that's fun. And again, you'll only understand this after you have something. after you've done something and you feel pretty accomplished and you're like, "Yes." And it's a beautiful thing because then you can start to lose the expectation because you realize that like nothing is ever going to satisfy that you're going to quench that thirst for the thing that you want. You're always going to want to like do a little something else. You're always going to want a little more, right? So, you enjoy those moments of the chase. You enjoy having the mission in front of you. And instead of being excited for it to end and to have the thing, you try to enjoy the chase, the doing of it, right? and you focus on your behaviors, you know, for if it's a competition. I imagine you're a jiu-jitsu guy, so this is why you're asking me, you know, this is the, you know, eating the right foods, lifting weights, training properly, you know, doing all the things that you know you need to do and the things you can control to help you reach this mission, but as far as the expectation, that's out of your hands at that point, right? You do everything you can you can do to make it happen, but at that point, you can't get too attached to it because again, it'll make you underperform. And then even then, let's say you get it. You put all this focus on getting this thing and you're like, "If I only have this thing, I have to win this thing." Then you get it and then it's like kind of sucks the wind out of your sales. It's the reason why people get blue belt blues or whatever, right? Because they put so much on having this blue belt. They think if they can only get the blue belt, somehow it's going to make them happier. And they get it and they're like, "Well, what now?" You go back to training. That's what find a new mission. And you can avoid a lot of burnout if you keep just making sure that you're focused on the mission rather than actually focusing on actually having a goal in front of you, focusing on doing the thing versus having the thing. So anyway, that is my idea to you, bro. I think there's a difference between the expectation and the goal. The goal is your mission. You want to go after it. You control your behaviors to make it happen, but the expectation is you expecting something out of it. You can't expect anything. It's like going into a relationship with someone. You know, you can be a certain way to them. You can treat them well, whatever, but you can't necessarily expect it. this in another human being. When you go to a competition, you can't expect anything. You just don't know what's going to happen. There's so many variables, right? You can't control this person is just so much better than you. You can't control that, right? But you can control everything that you do leading up to it. And again, I I shared this with you from my experience when I look back at all the things that I've accomplished in my life that are of any note to me that I find important. I look back and the most nostalgic periods of those, the times that I really look back and with a longing towards wasn't when I actually accomplished the thing. It was everything leading up to that point and then once you get it, it was almost kind of [snorts] all right, what now? So anyway, just an idea to chew on bland potatoes. Hopefully it helps you out with your uh your thought, your idea that you were having and I'll talk to you guys next time. [music]