Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, at the time of recording this, we are getting ready to do our jiu-jitsu open in Frankenmuth, Michigan, and we're getting ready to close down registration because it's we were already at 15 mats. It's got 800 people. It's just it's too much. And so, we're done. Um, and it's going to be a huge tournament. It's going to be our biggest one so far. And, uh, it made me think of something that happened when we first started the Jiu-Jitsu Open back in 2023 in July. So, you know, I had this idea of this format and my partner in it, Jeff, um him and his wife had been running some competitions and you know, they wanted to partner up and I said, "Well, let's try this out." And so, we did the test run at our gym in Louisville, Kentucky, right? And we crammed about 200 people into that gym to compete over the course of the day and it was a really unique experience. It was a lot of fun. I mean, it was like a million things went wrong with it. First off, the it was the hottest weekend of the year. We had 200 people competing. Then you got to think about all the family. Our air conditioning systems went out in two sections of our gym. So we had two units that were down. So I mean just blistering hot. We had to rent these big fans that were spewing out like mist and everything else. I mean it was uh it was it was something right. It was something. We we did the best with what we had and it ended up being a lot of fun. But obviously the the the hypothesis worked. We we had a format that people were interested in competing in. We had people that drove nearly 9 hours to get there and compete and they had a good experience. Well, after it was over, I remember I was talking to this uh this group of young fellas from Chicago. We were taking pictures and they're chatting with me, that sort of thing. And I remember one of them asked me, said, "Hey, man, you know, this tournament was successful. Like, it was really cool. You just sort of bootstrapped this thing and it it worked." Like, does it feel good or were you expecting it to be this this successful? And I told him that, and I think this is an interesting thing, and it's something that I I sort of apply to just about everything. I've talked about this mindset, but I told him I didn't really expect anything. I didn't make any expectations of how this was going to work, right? I mean, I just was like, let's see what happens. That's my sort of thought process was with it, right? I was going to do everything I could to make it successful, but if it wasn't successful, then whatever, right? I'm not really too attached to the outcome. And, you know, in the term in the sort of context of competition, training, and everything else, I I take this mindset to like everything from jiu-jitsu to relationships to business doesn't matter. I try to sort of be detached from the outcome, right? I'll do everything I can to make it successful. I will work really hard and I have very high standards to the way I will put forth effort uh the way that I will train for things. But like if I don't win, yeah, it happens, right? Everybody's failed before, right? And I think this is important because and again going back to competition since we're talking about the Jiu-Jitsu Open and everything else. I've seen so many competitors and myself included, I've experienced it, where you get so attached to this p this what you can see, perceive as a positive outcome of you winning, getting your hand raised, being on the top of the podium, whatever it is, getting the gold medal, getting the money, winning, succeeding, but you get so fixated on that and expecting this like this has to happen or you want this to happen so badly that it causes you to not perform at your best. you become nervous, you become anxious, you become kind of fragile because if the expectation that you set doesn't happen, you get upset about it, right? Because you had this expectation, you failed to meet it, and there's that friction versus being able to go 100% after it. I would tell you that I've talked to numerous world champions, ADCC champions, who have the same mindset that I've kind of come to where you push yourself to go for the win. You do everything in your power to win. You have that burning desire to win. You do not like losing, right? Winners do not like losing. It stings. You know, you can sort of sort of flower it up however you want to. You're not losing. You're learning. You're losing, right? It stings. And all those things are true, but at the same time, they go into it without this attachment to this is supposed to happen. I have to have this outcome. They're giving it all they have, and then they let the chips fall where they may, right? And so, going back to the Jiu-Jitsu Open thing, you know, this thing's grown steadily over the last couple years. I mean, 15 mats, 800 people plus 800 people. Um, it's a huge tournament. I mean, I I'm surprised like I mean, this is a massive tournament there. And I was thinking about Frankenmouth, Michigan. I didn't even expect that of all places, right? And I look at some of the other tournaments that we're competing against and we're doing really well. But I go back to that first conversation at the first one, right? And like, did I expect it? I didn't expect it. Um, I'm happy it's doing well. I'm I'm very happy and I appreciate all you guys for supporting it. But again, there's no expectation to it. And again, that is something that I originally sort of came to understand in jiu-jitsu because I used to be one of those guys where I would underperform in competitions compared to what I was in the gym. And then when I let go of the expectation and instead just went really hard for the win and just let things happen, I became one of the people that I tend to overperform in competitions. I tend to show myself better in competition than I do in the gym. And that's kind of what you want to have happen. And so maybe that'll be useful to some of you guys who get really fixated on the end result in just about anything, but especially jiu-jitsu competitions. But again, I could tell you that like this is an example. It's been really useful to me in my business and uh other aspects of my life. So that's the uh the idea that I wanted to share with you guys. Also, by the way, if you want to compete at one of our upcoming competitions, uh you can check the link down below, put the website up there. We have some uh coming up in 2026 in Louisville and Chicago, January, I think 17th for Louisville. and then um April I think 16th or 17th in Chicago. You can check the link down below to get the website. Um but hopefully I'll see you guys there and at some of our jiu-jitsu open competitions. And uh if not, hopefully you enjoyed the video. Talk to you next time. [music]