Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we got a question from a young fellow named Arcelon Khan who is wondering if he just got a taste of the jiu-jitsu lifestyle and he's being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or if in fact like something's wrong about this. So, he says that he's been doing jiu-jitsu jiu-jitsu for 6 months and he says that when he was training very early on, he developed a a friendship with one of the guys in the gym, if you want to call it friendship, training relationship of sorts. And he said they quickly, they're around the same age, young, they're getting into the gym, and they were just getting into these scrappy rounds where they're elbowing each other, you know, slamming each other, the whole deal. And he didn't think much of it. But this guy had more experience, more skill, and would typically get the better of him. And he said that this guy started talking about it off the mats. So when they would see each other when they're out and about doing things outside of the gym, he says that the guy would talk about it. Oh, like talk about how he beat him or he submitted him or whatever. And you know, the young guy Arson brought it up to him like, "Hey man, like like you know, why are you talking about it like this and like you shouldn't do that?" That kind of thing. And this guy basically told him in his words, he said, "You're being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Shut your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass up." So anyway, that said, the guy eventually left the gym, which he's pretty happy about, but at the same time, there's some little nagging thing in the back of his mind where he's thinking like, maybe maybe I am being soft. Maybe I am being a wimp. And so he sends me the message asking what my thoughts on it are. And uh brother, thank you for the question. So check this out, dude. Um I'll give you a couple ideas to chew on. I know you're a young guy, so I'll give you some ideas to chew on should anything ever happen like this in the future. And I'll also talk about just really important etiquette for training and how to be a good training team partner, right? So, first off, if you ever come across someone who has more experience than you and they know more than you and they're g giving you constructive criticism, like they're telling you maybe something you don't want to hear, but they're doing so with the intention of trying to help you and you can feel that. Listen, put put your ears on and listen to them and see what they have to say. Right? On the flip side, if you ever meet someone that is chipping away at you and they're saying nasty things about you and there's no constructive side to the criticism, it's just them tearing you down. Take those ears, close them off, go somewhere else, right? Because that's more on them than you. I would give you a couple examples. One, I've had plenty of guys that have come in here that we needed to toughen up, so to speak. It's a tough sport. It's a tough martial art. It's not easy. You know, I I think it means like the soft way or the whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? Like jiu-jitsu is tough. It's hard. You spend a lot of time getting smashed, the whole deal. One of my guys recently getting ready for a competition. You know, I wanted him to develop some grit in certain positions. And so I started basically surprising him when I would get it to the end of the day, end of the rolling session. I knew he was tired. I would go pick out someone who I knew was a little bit more on the fresh side. I would put him in a really bad spot and then I would start the match off or the roll rather, but I would I would grade it like a match. I'd tell him, "He's down two points. You got five minutes. Let's go." to purposely put pressure on him both figuratively and mentally to let's literally and figuratively and to to really push him a little bit and it helped helped to develop the grit in him a little bit. I can also tell you that I had a friend years ago who is a is a bigger guy, but he used to be like a very overweight fellow, right? And I remember one day we were sitting around hanging out and some large overweight person sort of passed our view. I didn't think anything of it. He sees this guy and he starts just sort of going off the rails about just fat people and blah blah blah blah blah, you know, just very mean stuff. And uh I look at him, I said, "Bro, you used to be overweight last year. What are you talking about?" And I remember him sort of admitting this something to the effect of, "Yeah, you're right." Like I just I hated myself so much when I was overweight. And when I see other people, I get angry because it's kind of like I'm looking at myself. It's a projection of what's going on inside of him. Not has anything to do with the other person. And so whatever's going on with that young guy who's talking trash to you, it's on them, man. It's not on you, right? And I'm glad that he left because otherwise your your coach would definitely need to check that because here's the other side of it. you you don't want to train like that with someone. You don't want to train with someone that's like that. You don't want to have them in your gym because they start to chip away at the walls, so to speak, of your training environment. So, there's an idea that I really like from a book called Iron John. If you've ever read it, cool. If not, the analogies to me is very useful for a lot of things. But in the book, the guy Robert Bllye talks about this that everybody needs a a walled garden in their life. And the walled garden is a metaphorical sort of thing. So you can think about first off there are walls around this garden. The walls are to protect what's going on on the inside. Now the walls for us are both there's walls around the gym. There's real walls and there's also cultural walls. There's sort of we have a culture. We have this environment that we're in that's different from sort of the soft ears out there. Right now I know not everybody has cauliflower ear, but that's kind of my name for like, you know, normal people that don't do jiu-jitsu, right? They don't understand what they're doing. They think it's weird. They think it's gay. They think it's stupid. They're softers, right? And so there's these these walls that go on and they provide perfect protection because on the inside what's going on is you have a garden, you have the dark soil, you have the light, the bright light, and then with your work and water and the toil that you sort of exert. Then you create something new. You grow something new. For us in jiu-jitsu, right, we're in here. We deal with the darker sides of ourselves, the frustration, the anger. There's the bride, the good sides of ourselves, helping up our teammates, excitement for putting in hard work and feeling the success of that. All these different things and we create something new. We create, you know, new abilities, new skills, but you even create a whole new mentality and a new personality in some cases. I've seen people completely change from this stuff. I've completely changed from this stuff. I just had a woman, it was, this was one of the cool stories from 2025 for me. I had a woman that came in at the beginning and she had some trauma in her past. She could not roll without having a panic attack because of that past drama. We did our best to help her out. She kept fighting through it and then she went to a competition and by the end of the year she was able to like get a submission and actually win a match like and play second in a competition that's pretty pretty damn cool, right? She went from not being able to roll without shutting down to fighting through that. She's dealing with a hell of a lot and she finally works up to where she can go and compete and not completely shut down. Pretty badass. Now cool. You can't do that if that those walls aren't there. You can't do that if you can't trust your training partner. Because again, when we're training, we have the figure like the the real vulnerability of our body. You have my arm in a submission. You have a choke or a strangle wrapped around my neck. You have my leg locked up and you could rip my like my tendons to shreds if you don't go about it properly. And likewise, there's also the mental side, the mental vulnerability. If I need to improve in jiu-jitsu, I have to take chances. I have to try new things. I can't just do the same old thing. I have to push myself. I have to make mistakes and I have to know I've got a training partner that will be gracious when I do. I don't need to have someone that's going to rub my nose in it because then it makes it hard to do those to make those mistakes, right? And likewise, if I don't think I can trust you to when we're, you know, doing these things, then it makes it really hard to just do anything else other than hang on or it turns into like a a more ultra competitive situation that it doesn't need to be. And so that Waldgart analogy is a cool one. I like it. And again, that's the way I think about it. And with your your former training partner, this guy, he was tearing at the walls and that protection that you have of what you're dealing with because again, you're new to this stuff. You're still in a very vulnerable state. You're like a little baby in jiu-jitsu still. You're you're 6 months in, you're like a baby in jiu-jitsu. And it can be a really frustrating thing as you are already experiencing someone saying just a little bit to you and you're already second guessing yourself that maybe you're just a soft wimp. You're not a soft wimp. You were just training with an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? And so that's the idea to chew on, right? If someone ever comes at you like that and they're not giving you constructive criticism like your coach probably would, they're just tearing you down. Do not listen to it, bro. Just whatever. That's on them, not you. And likewise, when it comes to the training room, right? You you, everyone else around you, you have to protect that environment, right? And so if you ever come across someone that ever does that again, who's who's in the locker room, who's outside of the gym talking about submitting someone or beating them or whatever, it's gross. It's stupid. and, you know, go talk to your coach and tell them to knock it off. You know, again, it just it's something that that sort of thing irks me because no matter how hard I've ever trained, you know, maybe I just learned this from wrestling or whatever, but you always help your training partners up. They're your teammates. If you want to go like go really hard and celebrate how you're you're submitting people, go compete in a competition. Don't do it to your training partners. It's stupid. So, anyway, just sharing that with you. Hopefully that gives you a couple ideas to chew on, bro. You're not a wimp. You got to you just got a hold of a bad training partner. But again, keep doing what you're doing. Listen to your coaches and good luck to you in the future, brother.