Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, at the time of recording this, the UFC BJJ show just ended and uh was just sort of processing my thoughts and I figured I'd share with you guys and I'm curious, you know, what the jiu-jitsu world thinks of the UFC's inaugural jiu-jitsu show. Obviously, they have the fight pass, but this is their first time doing the UFC BJJ show. So, I'm curious what you guys think. You can drop those in the comments. But, um, I was watching the show. I think they did a lot of stuff right. There's some things I don't like. Um, but overall, I thought they did a good job with it. So, I'll share my thoughts and you guys can share yours down in the comments. So, first off, I think they did a good job of looking at what was working and being like, "All right, we're going to we're going to use that." This may sound like I'm ragging on them in a second, but I'm not because, you know, when you think of martial arts, what do we do? We're all like sort of iterating on other people. We take ideas from our coaches. We make it our own. And then if you become a coach, your students are going to take from you and we just sort of do this thing where we're building off one another. But, you know, essentially to me, just as my bearded opinion, last year, the CGI sort of changed the game. Just my thoughts, right? I like I watched that event. I was at that event. I was skeptical at it at first. Many of you guys know that. I was I don't know about this stuff. I don't know what Craig Jones is doing. Went to the event, loved it. The energy in the room was amazing. The matches were amazing. The pit, I didn't know what to think of the pit, but the pit was amazing because you then got rid of like being out of bounds. There was no more out- of- bounds. And like when you think about like just like watching a lot of other competitions, what's one of the worst parts about watching those competitions? Going out of bounds. And especially in jiu-jitsu where there's not a lot of stalling calls, people will back up and they go out of bounds. So you eliminated one of the most like sort of actions stopping things that happens and boom, you had constant action the pit. You then took a longer match and broke it down into smaller rounds. Smart. Because long matches are boring. I don't know why like the ADCC for instance has these incredibly long like grindy like they're so boring like they're they're like super fights. It's just not a good idea. Like short the time people go faster, right? So I thought the round system was great cuz you're breaking up short uh a long duration into short chunks and also too you would see the uh the momentum shift from time to time in some of the matches. And then you're doing a ref's decision, you know, a judge's decision, which I think is a smart thing to do because one of the things that you watch in competitions is if there's points, and again, I like points. I've competed in pointbased competitions. I've succeeded in point-based competitions. But when you watch it, watch the demeanor. Soon as that thing says one zero, in many cases, the competitor who is winning changes. All of a sudden, it's their match to lose. Now, some competitors will continue to press, but many of them will start to play not to lose. And so, you eliminate that by having a judge's decision because now it's like, uh, I don't know how the judge is looking at this thing, you know, am I winning? Am I not there? So, they have to keep going. They press a little harder. I actually talked to one of the guys that competed at my jiu-jitsu open show, which we do a ref's decision, judges decision kind of thing, and he was saying, he said, "Man, like I felt like that rule set pushed me more to get more out of my game because I didn't know if I was winning." So, you know, even though I felt like I was in the driver's seat, I kept pressing, you know, the action because I wanted to make sure that at the end of it, I did enough to look good in front of them. And so, I think thought that was a great format for jiu-jitsu last year. Thought they, you know, as far as spectator jiu-jitsu, I thought they changed the game on it. So, congrats to Craig on that and the UFC said, "Hey, good idea, right?" And they made their octab bowl, which is a slight variation of the pit, right? Um, but they made their little octab bowl and then they took some good matches. Now, another thing that they did that worked is they were taking people from different shows, like they took a a good amount of the roster from the PGF. My buddy Brandon McGaffen runs the PGF and they had their PGF season last year and it was super exciting, right, with Andy Varel and all those. Oh my god, super exciting. took a bunch of those guys, put them in there with some other really good fighters and said, "Here we go." Right? And so I thought they did a really good job of saying, "This is working. This is working. Let's combine this together and make it our own." So they took the CGI, they took some of the PGF roster plus other people, smashed it together, and then they put the UFC marketing and promotion promotional muscle behind it, and they made a show that I thought was pretty good. Put on one of the most sort of well produced jiu-jitsu shows that we've ever seen, right? They did a really good job of doing it. It was like watching the Ultimate Fighter but the UFC grappling sort of thing. And I think that, you know, when we talk about getting more casual people into jiu-jitsu competitions, the UFC has the brand recognition to possibly facilitate that. Now, I've spoken about this before. I don't think I don't think jiu-jitsu is ever going to be like the casual spectator sport like basketball, MMA, boxing, or any of those other things are. I don't think it's ever going to become that. I think what it will maybe become is maybe you get more of us that grapple that well, not me. I'm a I'm an enthusiast for competitions, but there's a lot of people in grappling that do not watch grappling, right? They do it, they like it, they participate in it, but they do not watch the sport itself because they're bored with it or maybe they've just not gotten into an event they like. So, I think that that is the people to get, not the random spectators, not the UFC fan who does not train, but like the people that are already training, getting more of them involved because I think jiu-jitsu is always going to be spectated by the actual participants, not by random people who do not train in it. You don't think you'll ever get I've never done jiu-jitsu in my life, man. I just want to watch jiu-jitsu all day long. There will be exceptions to it, of course, but generally speaking, I think that'll be the rule. the things that I'm sort of either indifferent towards or kind of like me, you know, whatever about one like I I don't know if they said this somewhere, whatever, but they came in was like basically this is the Ultimate Fighter, but for jiu-jitsu, we're going to revolutionize jiu-jitsu. And I don't think you can do that, right? Like I was around when the Ultimate Fighter came out in 2005, right? When they had that famous Stefan Bonner Forest Griffin fight, I was watching it live and I mean all of us were watching going, "Oh my god, this is crazy. This is a crazy fight." And you know, it was an amazing event, but it's like you can't capture lightning in a bottle twice like that. Not for this kind of stuff. The culture is different. The environment is different. Also, you can't have the same sort of theatrics that you had with the same level of drama with all the craziness because, you know, I was talking to my co-host Eugene on our podcast just the other day about this. I'm like, when you look at jiu-jitsu grapplers, and I love this about our sport. It's one of my favorite things about it and it's one of the reasons why I quit MMA and why I wanted to focus mostly on jiu-jitsu is the people are just cool, right? Like when you look at all the people when they were kind of giving their breakdowns of who they are, like half of them were like, "Yeah, man. I've got my kid or my kids and I got my wife or my girlfriend, whatever, and I really love her and I really love them and everything I do for them and I got to train hard and I just want to be a good example." Those are great people. That's fantastic. Those are the people you want to get behind. Those are the people I want to have a beer with, right? But they don't make for good reality TV shows, right? You know, they're just too cool. They're just too nice, too respectful. I like that about the sport though. But again, it doesn't make for good reality TV shows for your average people. Um, also too with the event, the the fighters that they had on the the like the the actual people like Andy Varela, you know, Andrew Tacket, all these different guys that they had in there, they were great. But like the headline fight, nobody cared, right? You had Mikey, Mikey Musemeshi, very good, right? And he had a very skilled opponent, but there was no drama to it. There was no like, ooh, this is the fight we've all been waiting for. Here it is. It's like, huh? Like this. Nobody's interested in it. There's nothing to it. And there wasn't, you couldn't set up that drama with each other either, right? They were just kind of like, hey, these are the two guys are going to fight because we put it together. So, you didn't have that like interest in it, you know? I was like when when I watched the main card, I was interested in like the uh the headlining fights that they had and I watched some of the other matches um you know to watch the Mikey match, but I just wasn't interested in it. I felt like that was for a lot of people. They just were like me, you know, and I feel like they just shoved it out. Hey, we're doing this and you know, this is the guy that we're going to put out there and this is what's going to happen, right? I think of this is partly because of the exclusive contracts, which I just don't like. I didn't I always thought it was crappy for the fighters because they get locked into these really long contracts and then sometimes they're sitting on the shelf for years and they don't get to fight. they don't get to test themselves and you know as a competitor you've got a limited shelf life of your prime years and if you're not getting used a lot like you don't get to improve you don't get to make money as much you don't get a lot of things there's a there's a lot that comes with competing and a reason why you want to compete on some regularity and so for these grapplers that because of the exclusive contracts I know it sh it sort of got some people to shy away from it and so I wonder what's going to happen with this I don't know the answers of course right cuz maybe maybe they lock everybody up that they want into an exclusive contract contract and then the UFC builds up really big like the UFC is in MMA and then they run this thing and they build it up and it becomes great. But my worry would also be what if they lock everybody or lock some people down in contracts, but then there's a lot of other really good grapplers that are over here and so you've got like a handful of really good grapplers that are locked into these contracts and we never get to see the matches that we really want to see. I don't know what the I don't know the stipulations of their contracts are. Maybe some of you guys have more input on their contracts, but from the sounds of it so far, it's like they're talking about exclusivity, you know, and I could understand why because let's say if you have a champion, you don't want your champion to go to this organization and possibly lose and make your stock fall down, right? You want to protect that brand, if you will. But, you know, again, for me, it's one of those things where thinking about it, it would be it would be a bummer to have a situation where you never get to see who the best is. We saw that MMA back in the day where you know you had these you had Pride and you had the UFC and we never get to we never really got to see the cross happen. We never got to see Fatore when he was in his prime fight the UFC fighters when they were in their prime and it was always kind of like ah we want to see that and in grappling for the most part we've always been able to see that they go into a tournament they go into organization you know whatever they throw them together they put them out there and we get to see who the best is. So, I I would like to see that continue to be a thing. And again, this is just we're talking out loud. It's not like I've thought this stuff out. It's not scripted this. This is just off the top of my head just thinking with you guys. So, anyway, that's my thoughts on it. I thought it was a good show. I enjoyed it. Kind of flipped through when I was watching it. I flipped through it and get to the actual matches. Didn't really spend too much time watching the uh the reality show stuff that they were putting in there, but enjoyed it. Thought it was a good event. Hope they continue to do more of them. Um I'm just curious again to see what they do with the contractual stuff. if they lock it down like they do in the MMA or if they tend to keep it a little bit more open. But what do you guys think? What are your thoughts on it? How did you like it? Is there anything that you disliked? Is there anything you thought was really good? Do you think they changed the game in any way? Maybe I'm missing something. Curious. Let me know what you think and I'll talk to you guys next time. [Music]