Kind: captions Language: en up, guys. So, here's one for uh for any of my parents out there. Um if you're not a parent, maybe you'll enjoy the video, too. So, my 2-year-old or 2 and a half yearear-old son, right? He has gotten to this point in his young life where he's becoming very opinionated and he wants a degree of control over his life, right? Because before it was like we would just go do something, we'd pick him up and just just go. Right now, he decides that he doesn't want to go or he doesn't want to eat this food or he doesn't want to do this thing, whatever it is. And you know, of course, if I want to, I can just grab him and haul him off. And and sometimes you have to do that, right? Because just for uh speed and uh timing of of things, but I find that a lot of times the easiest way to go about it is to give him a couple of choices that ultimately to the to the outcome that I want. So, as an example, when sometimes for whatever reason, it'll be time to take a bath and I'll say, "Hey buddy, it's time to take a bath." And he said, "I don't want to take a bath, da." And so you hear that like, okay, well, hey, you know what? You let me know. You can either walk to the bathroom on your own or daddy can pick you up and take you to the bathroom. Your choice, dude. What do you want to do? And you know, a lot of times he'll go, I go by myself. You know, it's like, oh, oh, you decided you're going to go to the bathroom, right? No problem. Let's go. Um, you know, or there's other times where like, you know, hey, you can either do this thing now or we're going to finish this for two more minutes and then we're going to do the thing. What do you want to do, buddy? your choice. But basically giving him two choices to ultimately lead to the thing that I want, right? Um, and I was thinking about this the other day when I was teaching some uh butterfly guard stuff um to my students where a lot of times what I'll do with sweeps is I will use failed sweeps to set up other attacks. Right? So as an example in butterfly guard I will go for a butterfly sweep and if the person starts to escape which you know sometimes happens with their hand where they get a free hand to post because if obviously if I trap the hand and roll them they can't post. But a lot of times if I can get them rolling to a side they will reach out with their hand to post. When they post that hand their hand is on the mat and that hand is now exposed to be attacked. And a lot of times I set up like my shoulder crunch attacks like that. I will fake the sweep to one side just to get their hand to post and then to come in to get the head and the arm to actually go for the attack. Um the same thing happens a lot of times when I'm going for uh submissions uh of different sorts. I will basically attack one spot where I have an arm and a neck available to me and it's basically like which one do you want to defend? I can either go for a choke or I can go for an arm attack but you can't defend both but you can defend one. Which one do you want to defend and I'll take the other? And so this is just something you want to think about with your jiu-jitsu. You want to place these problems on people, right? I think uh I think what is it? Donna Her calls them dilemmas, right? Um you want to place these on people where when you're rolling, you want to force them to do something that leads you to get the thing that you want. And as an example, a lot of times there's different submissions and different attacks that involve the person having to post their hand on the mat. Again, we talked to our students in the beginning, right, very early on. Do not place your hand on the mat. And so people don't do that. So, in order to put that hand on the mat, you could obviously try to force the hand on the mat, but that leads to a lot of struggle. Just like my toddler, if I try to like just force him to do something like it's it's a pain in the butt, right? But if I can get them to want to do it, that works, right? So, instead of me like pulling the hand to the ground, if I sweep them into a situation where they're either going to plant their face on the mat or they're going to have to post their hand out, boom, they gave me what I want. Or maybe if I'm trying to attack the neck, then I attack the arm to get their hands to come together to defend. And typically arm arm attacks will bring the hands down closer to the body and away from the neck, which then opens up the neck for attack, right? So, you can get them to do what you want. And there's a lot of different ways to do that. And if you guys watch the channel and you watch some of the different uh playlists I put up and some of the sequences, it works off of that kind of model where it's basically if you do this, then I do this. And a lot of times I will sort of set it up to where I'm getting you to give me the thing that I want by placing you in a bad position with basically bad choices for you. U and so it's something to look at in your game, you know, and again, maybe if you guys haven't done that with your kid, maybe that's something to keep in mind. That's a that's a little helpful little hack for me. Um, but again, it's something to keep in mind with your jiu-jitsu game, too. Because again, you're going to be in those points where you can just try to brute force your way through things or you can try to figure out ways to get your opponent, your training partners, whomever you're rolling with to do what you want them to do. And you can do that a lot of times by setting up other attacks to force them into those spots. So, just an idea to chew on that I was thinking about. Hope you guys are doing well. And, uh, if you guys want to get my daily email that I send out, you can check the links down below. I give away a free guide along with it. It goes through 12 different strategies on how to improve your jiu-jitsu faster with more focus. A lot of people don't have focus in their training. It'll give you some ideas on how to do that. And it's written for the 99% of jiu-jitsu who basically have no control over their training. You're going into the gym, but you do have open rolling or openmat time. And so it basically is based on that. And so if you guys want to check that out, check the links or the comments down below. But appreciate you guys for watching. Talk to you next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]