Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we got a question from Jack, who is a purple belt, who has an interesting problem. He says he's done all right in competitions, but he says he doesn't enjoy winning, right? That seems kind of strange to a lot of us, right? Like, why don't you enjoy winning? That's what most people are competing for, right? Why don't you enjoy this? He says that, you know, when he competes and he executes a technique, he feels pretty good about it, but not that much more than in the gym. And he says that what he actually gets the most enjoyment out of is seeing someone else that he's helped coach succeed. Like seeing some like another student do well and he's helped him along the process. He loves that. But as far as actually going out and competing and winning is not that big of a deal to him. And he's kind of wondering like why why am I the weird one? Like what's wrong with me? And so he sent me a message, you know, sort of asking about that sort of to help him figure out what the heck's wrong with him. So uh Jack, thanks for the question, brother. So I have a confession to make with you, bro. I I don't really care that much about it either, right? I definitely get more enjoyment from seeing my students compete. And especially if I see them use a technique that I know I helped them out with, bro, that's the best. You will see me grinning from ear to ear, right? If that happens, if I win and win a competition, you'll see me like hold my metal up. I'll, you know, take a picture and then I throw that sucker into the bag and on I go. I don't really care that much. I like winning a hell of a lot more than I like losing, but at the same time, it's not that big of a deal for me. the the my favorite part about competing and doing well is all about the technique. Like when I go out and do a competition and I use a cool technique that I've been drilling and that I've been practicing and I use it in competition, I love that feeling. But the most you will get from me after winning is a that like a little fist pump. You will never see me get UP like shaking stuff. It's not my thing. you'll never see it because it's not that big of a deal. I want to win for sure, but at the same time, if I don't, I'll be all right. I've been there before. I've lost plenty of matches. So, for me, the way that I look at this whole thing with this is this is a testing ground for me. I like the feeling of being able to go 100% cuz I never go 100% in the gym. 100% means I'm giving I'm just going full tilt. I'm clubbing you as hard as I can. I'm going to try to like squeeze you as hard as I can. I'm going to put the choke in as hard as I can. you know, as long I'm going to be safe about it. But again, I'm giving you all I got. But in the gym, I'm always, you know, you always hold a little bit back to take care of your training partners. But in this sense, I get to go 100%. And honestly, for me, bro, I like competing because a lot of times it forces me to where I'll do things I never do in the gym. It's like, I've talked about this before. It's like there's a side of me that takes over when I compete and they're so much stronger and faster and they do all kinds of cool stuff. And I kind of watch myself watch my matches afterwards a lot of times going, "Damn, I look pretty good in there. Who's that guy?" Right? Looks like me, you know, sounds like me, but it doesn't seem like it's me. It seems like it's someone else. Maybe you guys have ever experienced that before. Your body's just doing what it's been trained to do. It's going off of intuition and training. And so, again, I like that feeling. I like being able to test myself. I like letting my body go and just letting it out. Let's see what what it can do. But as far as beating someone, I don't really care. And also one of the reasons why I don't overly celebrate is because I've been on the losing end of it, it's not fun. So I'm trying not to rub salt in the wound. If I want to go celebrate afterwards, we'll go celebrate when we're having dinner or when I get back to the gym. And so I'm totally with you there. And so I was also looking at your profile and I saw that recently you became a father, right? And again, that's one of those lifechanging moments for a man, isn't it? Like when you have these two little eyes looking up at you and you're like, "Hey, like you're responsible for me." and you look at those two eyes and you realize that you would do anything for that child. That puts a lot of things into perspective. You know, at that point again, like when you become a dad, everything else becomes side quests. You know, that becomes like I need to do this, right? Everything else side quests. Everything else is not as important, but providing for this thing, that is the most important thing that I can do. And so, again, I there's a lot of other things that are going to be really are going to be really important to you, especially as you get older. And that's something that I've come to the same sort of feeling with. So again, I can't sort of give you how to enjoy winning, but I would say that you can enjoy the feeling of testing yourself, of getting out there and competing and doing the techniques you've been been training and that whole thing. That can be a fun part, learning more from it so that you can help coach people to help make them better. That's part of it. And you can still enjoy, you know, coaching people. But again, you don't have to be the person that's screaming and yelling and enjoying beating someone in order to be good at competitions. I've been good at competitions for years and again I haven't really enjoyed I've never really enjoyed screaming and yelling since I was a young young guy from a long time I always sort of just was like hey I'm doing this because I enjoy doing it not because I'm trying to like beat this person or because I enjoy beating other people that kind of thing. Does that make sense? Kind of rambling there but again I can't give you the exact idea but I can just tell you you're in good company and there's nothing wrong with it. People compete for different reasons and that's okay if that's your reason. So anyway, brother, thank you for your question. I'll talk to you guys next time.