Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, today we have a question from Nick, who's a purple belt, who's been training for four years, and he's reached this point where he is training between two separate gyms, and he says he would really value my perspective. So, he says that he has two different gyms. He lists them out. Gym A, the gym um here has a very structured curriculum, a strong competition team. The instruction is excellent. The environment sometimes though feels rigid with a bit more ego, a lot of politics than he likes. And the training partners are always tough. Great guys. It's always a challenge, right? Good training, just doesn't really en enjoy the atmosphere, the environment, and some of the weird politics that go on. Jim B is run by a black belt that's close to his size, so he's a bigger guy, and the black belt's a bigger guy, and he's hoping that working with him will help him directly shape his game because he'll be working with someone who's very similar to him. The classes are less formal, but the coaching still feels very practical for his body type and helpful. and training partners are a bit hit and miss. Uh though there are some D1 wrestlers from time to time from the college nearby. As someone who's uh keeping who wants to keep progressing at Purple Belt and beyond, what do you think is more valuable long term? Staying in a structured curriculum-driven environment even if the culture isn't the best fit or training under a coach who understands my body type in game uh even if the structure is looser. So, brother, thank you for the question, Nick. So, here's something to think about, dude. This is just me thinking about it because I I was at a gym at one point and left the gym, right? And for maybe for similar reasons as you're sort of kind of weighing out, my old gym, we were tough. We didn't have a really strict curriculum, right? But we were very tough. Everybody in the gym was challenging. Everybody was scrappy. Great training. Um I just didn't enjoy the environment at a certain point. It became kind of negative and I just didn't like it. And so I left the gym, right? And at the time when I left the gym, I would probably say that the actual quality of my training, my coaches were like still great, but as far as like day-to-day with all the different people, the quality of the training dropped a little bit because I was now training with less experienced people and there was that whole situation obviously worked out for me. But I left because the culture that was that I was in, I didn't really care for it and I wanted to be in a place that I wanted to be in. And I don't know about you, I bet you probably already have a decision that you'd like to make in the back of your head. You're probably looking for some sort of validation that you're making the right decision. You're like, Chewy, I'm going to ask you. So hopefully if Chewy says it's the right decision, then I'm going to make it, right? I would tell you that if there is a if you have a gut instinct that you should probably go this direction, follow it. You know, just follow it. I'll give you some more information, but that's like the the TLDDR version right here. It is. Just go follow your gut instinct because you're already being driven a certain way. See what happens. Go with it. That said, I would tell you that for me, culture is really important. Jiu-Jitsu is not something that you do for a certain amount of time and then you quit. If you don't enjoy being in that room, if it's not a room that you like are drawn to be in that you're like, I can't wait to be in there and hanging out with everybody to train to enjoy the the the vibe and the atmosphere. Man, it's going to be tough to do that for a long time, right? Jiu-jitsu is something you're probably going to do for a really long time. You assuming you don't get injured too bad, you're going to keep going. And I mean, you could keep going for a really long time until you're an old old man who can barely walk and you're still scurrying around on the on the mats. It's going to be hard to do that if you're in a culture that you don't like. And so for me, you know, I'm not even a big curriculum guy. Like I have curriculums for my my especially for my beginner students. my beginner students have a curriculum that they that they're learning off of and then um then my coaches teach and that like I actually have like an internal sort of curriculum that I use to teach a certain system of jiu-jitsu to my students and covers a lot of core fundamental stuff but then I still leave a lot of wiggle room to where we can play because I want people to be able to experiment. I don't want to be so locked into this like curriculum where I'm creating little automatons. You know, I I have talked about this before. or I I've trained at gyms where they have a really hardcore curriculum and I feel like I'm playing that old kung fu game where you know you're the the guys run at you and they're just I don't know if you if you're old you've played it right but it's an old Nintendo game and the the evil guys the bad guys just there's a line of them and you just duck and you just press the button you just kick them they fall over because they're all doing the same thing and I remember rolling at a gym and I felt like it was that I'm rolling with all these guys and they just feel like they're the exact same person you know at the time they didn't have any sort of open guard. They were all closed guard. Uh so all you had to do was like stand up a little bit and they were shot. And then as far as their passing, they didn't have any answers for things like butterfly and half. It was all like, you know, I'm going to just stack pass and that's all I'm going to do because this is part of this curriculum that they were following. So I'm not a big I'm not hardcore and like you got to do this exact curriculum. You may be different. But anyway, going back to it, to me, culture is really important. If the training is adequate, it's good solid training. If it's got a good culture, you're probably going to stick around there longer. If you're at a gym that has amazing training, amazing training partners, whatever, duh, but you have a culture that you don't really like being a part of, you don't feel connected with, and you don't like the politicking, it's probably not going to be a place that you're going to grow roots in. You're always going to be kind of, yeah, I'm here for this, but I'm looking for a way out. That's at least the that's what I sort of get from your message, and that's what I've seen in the past. So, you can take that for what you will, bro. I would follow your gut instinct. Whatever you want to do, but at least in my perspective, culture and being a part of a group that you want to be a part of is huge. And again, gyms grow. So if you start going in there and other people start going there, gyms all of a sudden grow. Like my gym that I went to, initially it was a drop in the skill, the training skill that I had, minus the coaches, the coaches were great, but other than that, like all the white belts and stuff, it was I didn't have the tough training partners I had. It wasn't maybe a year and a half that all of a sudden people started coming to that gym and then boom, I instantly had plenty of tough training partners and now it's like we have an amazing gym and so um you know gyms grow. So yeah, it may be this way now but it doesn't mean it's always going to be that way. So anyway, just a couple ideas to chew on, Nick. Hopefully that helps you out, brother. I'll talk to you guys next time. [Music]