Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? Today we got a question from Patrick who's heard me talk about in some of my videos sloppy submissions versus controlled submissions, legit submissions versus non-legit. And he's a white belt and he just wants to know kind of what's the difference between those because, you know, as a newer jiu-jitsu practitioner, he wants to make sure that he can be the best training partner that he can be. And so, he's wondering, you know, Chewy, what do you mean by sloppy versus controlled? What do you mean by legit versus non-legit? So, Patrick, thanks for the question, brother. And, uh, let's jump into it. So, let's talk about sloppy versus controlled. Very simple. Let's say that we are in a mount position. So you're on top and mount and you're getting ready to swing to the side for your arm bar. Very classic example of where this goes ary. Situation one, you swing your leg around really quickly. You start to lose the snag on the arm and you fall back really quickly. This in turn forces you to either apply pressure really fast to get the arm to get the submission or to lose the arm completely. Second situation is you really stick the position. You're much tighter and as you fall, you're able to fall in a way where you're really tight on the arm and you can apply the submission with a nice slow like 1 1000 200 sort of ramping up of pressure so that your partner has as much time as needed to tap out. And again, I'm talking about the training room. If it's a sub if it's a submission competition, it's a little different, right? But in those two situations, situation one was sloppy. you sat back, you went crazy fast and you lost control to try to go for the submission. And if you tried to apply it really quickly, that is going to be a sloppy and a dangerous submission. Whereas on the second situation, you stuck the position, you focused on control, which then gave you that wiggle room of being able to apply things slowly better. That's what you want. If we think about legit versus non-legit, here's an idea. And again, this is my bearded philosophy, by the way. All right. So, let's talk about legit versus not legit submissions. When I think of a legitimate submission attempt or legitimate submission, what I'm thinking about, this is my bearded philosophy, by the way. People get disagreeing with me. It's when you do a technique to someone and you're applying the submission. And if they do not tap, they will then be rendered unable to defend themselves adequately or their ability to defend themselves will be greatly diminished. versus a non-legitimate submission sometimes is where you are avoiding some sort of discomfort that really won't affect you even if it's continue to apply. Let me give you some examples. This is a classic one. Let's say that you're rolling with someone and they get the their legs wrapped around your head or something and they're just squeezing their knees as tight as they can across your ears or your neck or something and you're sitting there. Maybe this isn't you, but the person is sitting there and they're thinking to themselves, "Man, this is really uncomfortable." and they try to push out and this person is squeezing as tight as they can and they sort of faced with a situation where well it's not really a submission. I don't feel like I need to tap but at the same time if I don't tap I might have my neck jacked up for like several days. I'll just tap right. It's annoying. I'll talk about when neck cranks are effective in a second. Now let's talk about a legitimate submission attempt. If I put you in a choke, like a good choke, and you don't tap out, what happens? You go night night. You are now unable to defend yourself. If I put you into a arm lock or a kimora or something like that, and you don't tap to it. Theoretically, if I kept applying pressure, I would break your arm, tear your shoulder up. You would have a lot less a lot less capability to defend yourself, right? Besides being in maybe writhing pain because your arm is broken, you're then going to have one less arm to fight. If I put you into some sort of strong leg lock, heel hook, knee bar, even a good ankle lock, something's going to break and you're not going to be able to defend yourself effectively, right? Even a really good neck crank, a well applied neck crank, which is a little rare in jiu-jitsu, your neck is not going it's it's not a situation where you're like, it kind of hurts a little bit. When you get put into a really good neck crank, you realize, ooh, you're about a second away before stuff starts just ripping and you're going to like your neck's going to be jacked up. So with those, that's what I'm getting at with legitimate submission attempts. Not when you're kind of questioning yourself like, ah, this is kind of uncomfortable. Don't really care for this. This guy's still squeezing on my neck. I guess I'll tap. It's like, oh, I need to tap because otherwise something bad is going to happen and it would would hurt me and I would not be able to fight back effectively. That's what I mean by legitimate versus not legitimate. And so like when you're rolling with someone, you know, you want to always apply legitimate submissions as best you can, legitimate and controlled submissions, you know, and again, you see this even at higher levels. You know, a lot of times there's the white belts, they're just squeezing on stuff sometimes when they're new. But even me, I've had I remember there's a black belt match I had one time where the guy had a guillotine choke. I passed to the opposite side, which the choke was no longer there. And I mean the dude's squeezing on my neck and he's strong and he held it for about a minute and a half and I'm like stuck there but I'm not what am I going to do? He's like trying to pull my head out trying to fight the grips. Eventually get out. Went on to beat him and end up winning two more gold medals that day but at the same time the later that week I mean my neck was as stiff as a board. I had to take a couple days off because my neck was so jacked up. Didn't didn't hurt me in the moment but made my muscles very sore. And so again that's kind of what I'm getting at. Had he applied a really good neck crank or a guillotine choke that was effectively put on, I would have been forced to tap because it would have been legit. It would have injured me otherwise or made me go unconscious. So anyway, that is my sort of thought process on it, Patrick. Hopefully that helps you. And again, you want to work towards applying the most controlled submissions you can in the legitimate submissions you can in your training room. In a competition and things like that, stuff gets a little messy sometimes. It's just it's a faster pace, more intense. you're getting after it. But in the training room, for longevity sake, that's what I'm looking for is longevity, you want to focus in that range of those legitimate control submissions because that allows you to get after submissions, allows you to go after it, but at the same time, you can rarely ever injure anybody with them. I would tell you that I can't remember injuring anybody with a submission, even back when I was a white belt, because I always tried to focus on like the slow controlled finish versus just trying to be really fast and get the win, right? I might be really crazy to get the taked down or the guard pass and really fast for all that stuff. But when it comes to the actual finish of the submission, I'm always slow. And again, it's allowed me to keep my training partners healthy. It also allowed me to have a nice line of people who actually want to roll with me because they don't have to worry about being injured. It's a good place to be for the long term of both your skill and the training partner's health and their skill later on. So anyway, that's the idea. Hopefully it helps you, brother. Talk to you next time. [Music]