Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? Today we've got a question from Bob who is wondering about weight cutting for his 16-year-old teenage daughter. So he says that she's been training Jiu-Jitsu for a bit. She's a blue belt now and she's getting more and more into Jiu-Jitsu itself and getting into competitions. She hangs out and trains with a group of young women in their early 20s who are around the same size as her and they're competing and they're all cutting weight. And so this young 16-year-old is looking at them going, "Huh, you know, monkey see, monkey do." "They're cutting weight, I guess I'm going to cut weight." Now Bob, who is a purple belt who also competes and some sometimes does cut weight, says he's anti-cutting weight for younger kids and stuff and so he doesn't like it and he's also worried about his daughter getting into some sort of weird hang-up with food and body image and stuff because you know, for a young woman there's so much garbage out there on social media that already distorts how you think you're supposed to look and everything else. And he's like he just doesn't want his daughter to get screwed up in the process chasing like like these weight cuts or anything like that. Um which you know, again, totally understandable, right? So his question basically is if I have any suggestions or ideas on weight cutting for younger people um or maybe to help sort of steer his daughter away from doing hard water cuts as a as a young teenager and would love to hear your thoughts, Bob. So brother, thank you for the question. So I got a couple ideas for you to chew on, man. Um and hopefully this is useful to you. So check this out. As a general rule, this is just the way that I think about it. I'm a guy who has who has cut plenty of weight over my years. I have cut weight early on in Jiu-Jitsu. I cut like 10 lb for a tournament. Um in my MMA fights generally it was around 15 to 20. I remember my last pro fight I was walking around like, you know, 205 to 210. I would walk like slowly chip away diet-wise to about 199 and then I would water out into 185. And then after that I would, you know, I took IV bags and like hydrated and everything else. I was 204 the next day. You know, so again, I've I've cut water. I know how to do it. That said, I really wouldn't recommend most people in Jiu-Jitsu cut weight. If you have a day before weigh-in, yeah, you could do that. But for most people most competitions, IBJJF competitions or competitions when you're, you know, getting ready to compete within a couple hours, I just don't think it's a smart idea. And to be honest with you, most people in Jiu-Jitsu have no business cutting weight. I say that because most people in Jiu-Jitsu, if you look around, they kind of they have an extra little bit of fluff that they could lose. I'm not saying your daughter is this way. I'm just kind of going off on a quick rant and I'll bring it back to your daughter in a second. But you see people in, you know, in Jiu-Jitsu where, you know, their diet isn't very good. They have some pounds that they could lose. They have excess amount of body fat and then they're like, "I need to do a water cut." Bad idea. What would be a better idea is to diet down and learn how to get those things in check and get to a lower body fat percentage. I'm not saying you got to be shredded to the gills. I'm just saying like lower so you're not carrying around excess body fat because there's no advantage in Jiu-Jitsu in being a at a higher weight class. You're going to be better off to be at a lower weight class for, you know, your size. You want to be bigger for the weight that you're in. This is why cutting weight is such a popular thing to do, right? Because you're you are bigger at the weight class that you were at, right? The issue is is that a lot of people want to do the the water cut when they could just diet down for a couple weeks and they would feel so much better. I speak from experience. I started working with my coach Eli back in 2020 for a a competition and I remember like with a guy that actually knows how to manipulate food, it's a complete it's a it's a game-changing thing. I was literally cutting weight, losing weight. I felt amazing because I was eating the right types of foods. I was eating the right types of foods to support uh support my performance. I went in and competed and felt incredible. I remember there was even like little weird things where in 2022 when I won Worlds, I remember uh the day before the weigh-ins my weight had dropped a little bit. I was a little low, lower than what I wanted to be and I was like, "Hey man, I need to I want to be a little bit higher, about 2 lb higher. What do I need to eat tonight in order to go in just around like 200 at the at the scales?" And so he, you know, gave me some extra things and told me to eat an extra certain amount of carbs through the form of rice and a Pop-Tart. I asked him why. I was like, "Why am I eating all of this?" And he said, "Because X amount of carbs binds with X amount of water and so you should put us around this particular weight." The next day, voila, that was the weight that I woke up. That's incredible to me because you know, he's like a wizard with food. And so with that, what I would tell you to do, bro, what would be a great learning experience would be to find a coach for her to help her out with her nutrition. Now you can use the one that I use, that many of my students have used and actually many of you guys online have used. If I his information's down below. He doesn't pay me anything for it. I just do it because he's done a hell of a job with me, my wife, my students and a lot of you guys. And so if you want to use him, you can do that. But use anybody that you might know that works with women or uh competitors, just someone that that knows what we're doing and they can help craft a diet. Now here's the beautiful part about it. Your daughter then can get to the weight class that she wants to get into, but instead of her killing herself with water cuts that are probably going to be not well done cuz most people again don't know how how to hydrate properly back and this isn't even like new competitor stuff. I've met a few in the last year I've talked to several different like good black belt competitors. Very good guys who like don't know how to rehydrate properly and then they're in their matches getting cramps really bad um and you know, just not feeling good. And so she can learn how to adjust her diet to get to the weight that she wants to be in, whether she wants to go down, whether she wants to go up. And I would tell you that for me, right? After working with Eli for the last 5 years, I've gained weight, I've lost weight. It's so systematic. There's no mystery behind it. It's nothing like the internet junk where, you know, everything's about being like sensationalized and hyper hyperbolic. Like, you know, instead of just telling you something like basically straightforward and simple, it always has to be there's this one food you don't know about and if you want to find out then buy my course and I'll show it to you, right? When really it's like again, the best thing for you to do is find foods you like, foods that your body digests well and seems to to deal with well, right? Cuz there are food allergies and stuff that sometimes you can find. And then you eat those foods consistently and that is your diet and then if you want to get bigger, we Sorry. If we want to get bigger, we add more food. If we want to get smaller, we take the food away and we can manipulate our weight very systematically. No no mystery about it. And so it would be a great education for your daughter to go through that. Then later on as she gets a little bit older, if she wants to do a little bit of a water cut, she can do that. And also she has a good coach that knows how to do that properly, she can actually learn how to do it well where you know exactly how to hydrate yourself properly with the balance of electrolytes that you're going to need, how to spread that out over a course of a couple hours and so forth. And so my encouragement to you with that is to get her a coach that can help her with her diet. Most people have an idea of how to eat relatively healthy, yes, but most people couldn't tell you, "Hey, you want to manipulate your your weight by 2 lb or whatever like that?" They don't know how to do that. But if you get a good coach, they will know how to do that. And for her wanting to be a competitor, that would be a great education to learn at a younger age. So this way she can be wherever she wants to and she can develop a really healthy relationship with food where she can enjoy the food she wants, but she knows if she wants to lose weight, this is all you have to do. Nothing crazy, no no nonsense, just very straightforward basic principles. And so um those are my ideas to you, brother. If I if I had a kid, I I have a son and if my son was coming to me and said, "Dad, I want to cut some weight." This is what I would do. I would get him working with a coach like my coach Eli to get his weight where it needs to be opposed to like sort of half-assing a water cut or just like coming up with some like, you know, cockeyed like diet or whatever. Like, nah. Just have someone write it out for you that knows that stuff. So anyway, rambling, been talking like this for about 7 minutes, right? Um hopefully that's helpful to you, Bob. And good luck to your daughter in their competitions and you said you compete too. So if you compete, good luck to you as well, brother. Talk to you guys next time.