Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, recently I got a message from a purple belt fellow. He'll be Bob for this question just because of the nature of it. Um, but basically he sent me a message and says, "Bro, why are there so many bad people in BJJ?" And, you know, he was as he was asking this because I had posted something about, you know, all the stuff that was going on with the allegations, accusations, some of the charges that have been thrown in the last like, you know, this last year. There's been a lot of that. And he was asking like, "Dude, why are there so many bad people in in our sport, in our martial arts?" And so, I figured this would be a timely thing to talk about. And also maybe I can give you a couple ideas to chew on if you think this way. Right? So to get right into it, at the time of recording this, there's all kinds of stuff going on, right? Like most most notably with Andre Gaval and some of the things that have been said about him and what he did. And then what you're also having is you're having a lot of these people who have had different grievances, issues, and things happen in the past and they finally feel like they have a voice to talk about it. And they're coming up to the surface and they're saying their piece, right? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; And to get into it, I don't feel like there's some abnormal amount of bad people in jiu-jitsu. I think it's honestly just a numbers game. We've The sport's growing. It's getting bigger and bigger. And as it gets bigger, no matter how well you sort of, you know, sort of vet people, no matter how much you try to make sure you keep the bad people out, there's always going to be some bad people that get in. I mean, think of any profession. You've got teachers. Teachers, this happens all the time. you have some teacher that's doing something inappropriate with their students. Men and women, right? Both do this. It's not that teachers are all bad or that we have some abnormal amount of bad teachers. It just there's some bad people out there that do inappropriate stuff. And it's a numbers game. You're going to have some that come through the the woodwork, right? We don't say teachers are bad. We just say, you know, hey, you got some bad teachers. Stuff happens with judges. I remember reading about this one. It was like a a female judge that was using one of the interns and was like pressuring him for uh sexual favors. I mean, any profession where there's some sort of like pecking order, which is pretty much everything because humans sort of reorder themselves into some sort of pecking order, um, some sort of hierarchy at some point. No matter where you go, no matter where you look at, it's happening. Okay? So, you're not going to get around it. And I think, you know, again, what you want to do is you want to have some place where people can air their grievances, get their piece out. And I think there's some guys that are working on some different stuff in the jiu-jitsu community that could help. Um, and I think it's generally it's it's a positive thing that people feel like they can come out and say what they want to say without being shunn or black balled from the sport and the martial art that they're in. Right? But here's the other thing to worth chewing on, right? With us in jiu-jitsu, there's this thing and this is just human nature. There's a signal and noise issue, right? Because we got caveman wiring to keep us, you know, surviving. And we're in a world that's relatively safe. And so you have this issue of signal and noise where, right, if all this good stuff is happening all around you, which is generally the norm for jiu-jitsu. Just put in, you know, jiu-jitsu and go look up some posts people have made on Instagram and most of what you see is positive. People saying, "How much has changed your life? They lost some weight. They got a friend community. Ah, I feel like I'm in this brotherhood, this sisterhood, and it's done so much for my confidence." All this great stuff. It's everywhere. You can't get around it without seeing it. But then we see one or two or three whatever stories about something bad happening and we instantly think, "Oh man, this jiu-jitsu, this culture is trash." I see that a lot, right? People say, "Oh, jiu-jitsu culture is trash." I saw that recently. I don't think it's trash. I think overall, like when you look at it, generally speaking, it's been pretty positive for most people. Is there bad stuff that goes on? Sure. Can you get rid of it ever to like zero? No. Never going to be zero. There's always going to be bad people. just the way it is, right? There's also this issue of a negativity bias, right? Where, think about it. Um, let's say that you you're going to get into uh you're going to go get on a flight and all of a sudden you look on the TV and there is a plane crash. Plane crashes don't happen that often with passengers on them. They happen every now and again, but they're pretty damn rare. And when you think about the thousands and the millions of flights that happen with absolutely no incident, nothing. Nothing happens. You never hear about them. No, nothing. It just becomes noise. But that one story about the plane crash that happens that brings that negativity bias comes out and it stares at you and you're it freaks you out and then all of a sudden people don't want to fly because of a plane crash. Even though the statistically statistically speaking the drive to the plane to the airport is probably more dangerous the actual flight that they're getting on, right? Things stand out. And you look at the way that even like our news and everything else works, right? People don't share the the good stuff that much because nobody cares. They they get attracted to the negativity stuff. This is why like where is he? Got my puppy back there, right? Where is he at? He's back there somewhere. Got my puppy back there. I got a cute little puppy. Well, he's not really puppy. He's He's like a teenager dog now, right? Um and people love puppies and they'll stare at it. Ah, that's cute. They'll move on. But if you got like a a car wreck or something like that, people can't help but just gawk at it, right? It's a negativity thing. And so I think that again, this is just me personally, I could be wrong about this. The statistics could prove me wrong, and you're welcome to do that, but from my experience, when I look at it, most people's experience in jiu-jitsu is pretty positive most of the time. Um, but when these stories happen, they stand out because they're not the norm. They happen, they're not good, and you want things to improve, but at the same time, they're not the norm. [laughter] What's up, buddy? And so you got my piece. Uh, is that is that the Hulk coming down? Oh, boy. The Hulk's coming down to get me, huh? Come here. &gt;&gt; Hey, bud. &gt;&gt; Where's Obie? &gt;&gt; Huh? You're covered, so I don't mind you being on camera right now. Can you say hello? &gt;&gt; Can you say hello? &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; All right. Say, uh, I'll talk to you guys next time. Let's uh Can you do a big clap for me? &gt;&gt; [music]