Kind: captions Language: en What up guys? So today I got a comment from Vasil um is the name. I think I'm saying that right. He says, "Hey Chewy, I recently got bronze at a competition. I got a triangle in every one of my matches and then right after the competition um my right leg uh the one the part of the leg that's above the person's neck is extremely banged up from the tournament overall. and he's wondering if I have any advice on the competition um and the fact that he's so sore after this competition. So, Vile, thank you for the question, brother. And I imagine that you are new to competing, brother. That's probably why you're so surprised about this because any of us that have competed in any like length or any for any length of time, we sort of understand that this is what happens. You go into the competition and you might be able to roll for like an hour plus in the gym, but then you go into a competition and you do like two or three matches and you're banged up from it. It's a big difference. And this is because you are going at such a higher level of intensity when you're out in competition. Um like for instance, my resting heart rate is generally about 50ish to 60ish. That's where it sits most of the day. That's my normal resting heart rate. at a competition, like competition day, my resting heart rate sits like 80 plus. Literally just doing nothing. It's just ramped up. My body is ramped up. I remember sitting there with my heart rate monitor um because what I do is at competitions, I will use my heart rate monitor to make sure that I'm getting into my uh red zone, so to speak, right before my matches. So, I I make sure my body is warmed up for that level of intensity. And I'll look at the heart rate monitor, and it doesn't take much for me to get into that zone. Whereas most of the time in training, I really got to push hard to get into that level of uh that level of of uh output with my my body. Right? So understand that when you compete, your body is pushing at such a hard pace that you cannot replicate in the gym easily. Even if you you are really pushing yourself hard inside of the gym, you know, and like the people usually you you're you're always holding back a little bit because you don't want to hurt someone, right? In a competition, you're going full speed. You don't know this person. You're in a foreign environment. There's all kinds of factors being played into it, bro. So, you are pushing yourself at an intensity that is just so hard to capture without being there. And this is why, like I tell a lot of people that are new to jiu-jitsu, if you want to compete, you got to go do it. Like, I actually had one of my guys recently, Levi, who he went to a competition, didn't do so well, and then he came back and competed recently, and then he had a great competition. And I I think it's in part because he had to he had the experience of filling it out. It's hard to know what you're getting ready for. or it's it's hard to know how to prepare until you felt it, right? And you go out there and you feel that. So that's why you're so sore. You probably don't fight as hard for those triangles like you did in that competition like you do outside. Um I can tell you that most of the time what I typically do is I sort of plan a week off from competition after the competition's over. Even if it wasn't really the most physically straining competition, a lot of times neurologically like my body's just shot. Like I just feel a little fatigued mentally. I feel a little foggy. Even if my body feels okay for the most part. And so that's what's going on, bro. It's nothing crazy. It's something that's pretty normal for everybody. Just plan in your next competition. Once it's over, try to give yourself like, you know, a week or so after the competition to sort of take it easy a little bit. Do some light exercise, have like an active recovery, you know, do some stuff to get the blood flowing, but don't push it too hard because, you know, you just pushed yourself at a very intense level. And I remember one of my buddies, uh, Derek Wilcox, he's a he's a intelligent guy and he was doing this study with people where he would basically measure their grip strength as a means to judge how how their body was doing. And they could test like overtraining or if they were getting sick. And they found all kinds of interesting stuff where they could find that they could almost detect that the person was getting sick before they were getting before they even knew that they were sick because they would see their their grip strength decrease. and he was talking about that even if the person did a an event in the particular sport that he was judging on when they would do the sport even if it was an easy relatively easy event just because of the stressful uh nature of being in a competition a lot of times when they would come back they still weren't recovered even if they felt physically okay and so it's generally a good idea just to take some time off a week off after a competition rest up come back afterwards and then get back to it um and so yeah bro that's what's going on that's why you felt so banged up. You're just going you're at a a high intensity level in competitions. It's very normal. Just have some rest and uh chilling out and programmed afterwards so you can recover and then get back to training afterwards and not get injured in the process. So hopefully that's helpful to you, Vasil. Thank you for watching the video. I'll talk to you next time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]