Kind: captions Language: en What up, guys? So, a while ago, I read the book Zen in the Art of Archery. Interesting book with some some interesting ideas, and I was sharing a couple quotes with my Chew Crew email subscribers. If you want to become one, you can check the links in the comments down below. But here's two quotes to chew on that I think are really important just in general with jiu-jitsu, but especially if you're new with escapes and defense and all this stuff. Very important. But this is stuff that I still struggled with to really embody until I was later on in my jiu-jitsu um training. So, one of the quotes says, "What stands in your way is that you have too much willful will," meaning you're trying to willpower your yourself through everything. You're trying really hard all the time, right? At least that's how I interpreted it. The other one is that you quote, you worry unnecessarily, put the thought of hitting right out of your mind. Now, for me, those are two biggies that just stood out to me. They may not be your problems, by the way. I have my stuff. We all have our stuff. I know what mine is and you know what yours is hopefully. But for me, I dealt with this a lot where for instance, when I would have someone in the bottom of side control, I'm trying to push and shove and just like muscle my way through this damn position, right? And one of the biggest breakthroughs, the biggest light bulb moments for me is when I would sort of accept the position, when someone would get to side control and they'd get there and I would just sort of, all right, we're here. And I would think about relaxing a little bit and try to find a way to get out of that position like I would anything else, you know, because if I'm in say the bottom of full guard and the person's locked, I have their my legs locked around them, I'm thinking about grabbing collars and sleeves and I had have a method to what I'm doing. And I had been given techniques and ideas and concepts and principles and all this stuff from my coaches. But for some reason, every time someone would get on top of me, I would just start to wig out and push and shove and do crazy stuff. And so I remember when I started learning how to accept the position and relax. My escapes got so much better because I'm more efficient. I'm more relaxed. My breathing stays steady. And I'm thinking about it like any other position and going back to my actual training versus going on some weird instinct that doesn't help me right now. It goes in tandem with the ability to not worry unnecessarily because many of us, I'm raising my hand here, when we first get into this stuff very early on, for some reason we do this stupid thing where we come into the gym and we're excited about this thing that we're doing, this new thing that we're having fun with. Ah, this jiu-jitsu thing is going to be so much fun. And then we pervert the whole damn thing by making it so serious, right? Like it's you you take something that should be fun. You're literally rolling around with a bunch of other humans sweating around and just wrestling. Just playing, right? That's what you're doing. It's playing. But for some reason, we want to feel like we have, oh, I got something to show for. Look, I did good at jiu-jitsu today. I submitted someone today. Oh, right. Probably being silly, but I mean, you know, that's that's the reality. You see people where they get bummed and beat up because they had a bad day of training. I'm like, "Bro, you had a good day of training. You're training. You don't live in some war torn country where you're dying of starvation. You're not in a cancer bed in a hospital. You're training jiu-jitsu. It's a good day, right? And you can get better from this with the right perspective." And so, again, for me, a lot of my time when I was in the in the early phases of my jiu-jitsu, I would worry about losing. I would be stiff and panicky because I didn't want to lose because my little fragile ego just couldn't take it or I didn't want to look bad or whatever. And one of the biggest breakthroughs just in my jiu-jitsu in general was being able to not worry unnecessarily. None of this matters, right? Because it's amazing. You know, like when I like do a really cool submission and I go home to my wife, she's like, "Yeah, baby. That's great. I'm I'm really proud of you for your submission. Will you go change the diapers?" you know, she doesn't care really. If I talk to someone who's outside of the gym, they don't care what I'm doing. If I go compete, even then, like, and I'm someone probably for most of you guys, I actually make a living doing this stuff. So, and if I lose a match, guess what? Almost nobody cares, right? That's it. It's not that big of a deal. And when you can start to become mentally and physically relaxed in these positions, your escapes and everything go up tremendously, I would tell you, because now you are relaxed. you're thinking about the techn technique and you're also thinking about it from a standpoint of not worried about if you lose or win and that helps be to get rid of the panic. And then I would also tell you for every other position, you get a lot more from yourself offensively when you're not worried about the whatifs. Well, what if this doesn't work? Well, who? I don't know. We'll deal with it. We're going to deal with it, right? And if you get caught because you go for something, so what? That's part of it, right? It's part of the game. And so, those are two ideas that sort of leapt out me when I was reading that book. I shared it with my uh subscribers on the chew crew, which if you want to become one, you can check it down below. Um they enjoyed it, figured I'd share it with you guys. And I hope you're doing well. Hope your training is going well. Talk to you guys next time.