# Ryan Garcia  [pageid=56327630]

Ryan Garcia (born August 8, 1998) is an American professional boxer. He is the current World Boxing Council (WBC) welterweight champion. He previously held the WBC interim lightweight title in 2021.

Garcia started boxing at the age of seven and dreamed of one day representing the United States in the 2016 Olympics. He became a 15-time national amateur champion and amassed an amateur record of 215 wins and 15 losses. His father Henry boxed professionally for a short time and trained his son to box.

Garcia turned professional at age 17 on June 9, 2016. In his first professional bout, he fought against Edgar Meza in Tijuana, winning the match by TKO. Garcia soon signed with Golden Boy Promotions in November 2016. Oscar De La Hoya announced Garcia would make his debut on December 17, 2016, on the Smith-Hopkins light-heavyweight main event at The Forum. Garcia won the fight by knockout in the second round.
In October 2018, Garcia started training with Eddy Reynoso, who also trained Canelo Álvarez and Óscar Valdez at their gym in San Diego, California. In September 2019, Garcia extended his contract with a new five-year deal with Golden Boy Promotions. Specific details of the multi-year deal were not disclosed.

Golden Boy announced Garcia's next bout would be the co-main event of Canelo Álvarez vs. Sergey Kovalev at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. On September 18, 2019 Romero Duno was announced as Garcia's next opponent. Garcia defeated Duno with a first-round knockout, capturing the WBC Silver lightweight title.

On January 2, 2020, Golden Boy announced Garcia would be facing Francisco Fonseca on February 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim. Garcia landed seven punches in the fight before landing a lead left hook which knocked out Fonseca in the first round.

On October 8, it was announced Garcia would be facing Olympic gold medalist Luke Campbell for the interim WBC lightweight title at Fantasy Springs Resort in Indio, California. The fight was originally scheduled for December 5, 2020, but was pushed back to January 2, 2021, due to Campbell contracting COVID-19. The venue was also changed to the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas. In round 2 of his fight with Campbell, Garcia was knocked down for the first time in his professional career. He survived the knockdown, as he got up shortly after hitting the canvas. Later on in the fight, in round 7, Garcia  hit Luke Campbell with a fight-ending body shot. CompuBox statistics show Garcia outlanded Campbell 94 to 74 (32%) in total punches, and 77 to 51 (44%) in power punches, with Campbell outlanding Garcia in jabs 23 to 17 (15%). The fight was ultimately Campbell's last bout before his retirement.

On April 13, 2021, it was announced by DAZN that Garcia would defend his newly won WBC interim lightweight title against Dominican former WBA (Regular) super-featherweight champion, Javier Fortuna. The bout was set for July 9 in a location to be determined, and the winner would become the mandatory challenger to WBC lightweight champion, Devin Haney. However, on April 24, Garcia announced he had withdrawn from the bout, to "manage his health and well being". Former IBF super-featherweight champion Joseph Diaz agreed to move up to lightweight to fill in for Garcia and fight Fortuna on July 9. Garcia was subsequently stripped of his newly crowned WBC interim lightweight title, with the title being on the line for Diaz and Fortuna instead.
On October 8, 2021, it was announced that Garcia would be challenging Joseph Diaz in Los Angeles on November 27 for his WBC interim lightweight title following Díaz's victory over Fortuna, the same title Garcia had held after beating Luke Campbell and was subsequently stripped of earlier in 2021. On October 15, 2021, Mike Coppinger of ESPN revealed that García suffered a hand injury and the fight with Diaz was to be postponed. However, the bout ultimately never materialized.

On February 4, 2022, it was announced that Garcia would be returning to the ring after a long spell of inactivity against former IBO lightweight champion Emmanuel Tagoe on April 9. Prior to the fight, Garcia left Reynoso and started training with Joe Goossen. He easily dominated Tagoe, winning by unanimous decision with scores of 119–108, 119–108, and 118–109; this was his first bout to go the 12-round distance. He scored a knockdown in the second round and hurt Tagoe badly in the tenth, but was unable to finish his cagey opponent.

On July 16, 2022, Garcia faced Javier Fortuna in a super-lightweight bout at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, California. Garcia dominated the fight, scoring knockdowns in rounds four, five, and six, with the referee stopping the fight after the third knockdown. All the judges had scored the fight identically 50–43 prior to the stoppage, giving Garcia every round. Garcia received praise for his performance, which was described as being an improvement over his performance against Tagoe.

On February 24, 2023, it was announced that Garcia would face WBA (Regular) lightweight champion Gervonta Davis on April 22, in Las Vegas, Nevada, in a non-title catchweight bout held at 136 lbs with a rehydration clause of 10 lbs. The long-awaited bout was a joint PPV event between Showtime and DAZN.
Despite an explosive start from Garcia that saw him applying heavy pressure to Davis, Garcia was knocked down in the second round by a counter left, which led to Davis retaking control. Garcia took a knee in the seventh round following a body shot and was unable to rise on the referee's count of ten, losing by KO. This was Garcia's first loss as a professional.
Following the fight, Garcia was criticized by some boxing figures for failing to continue; in an appearance on Max on Boxing, Timothy Bradley said that Garcia "quit," stating: "Listen to me. If you can get up at 11, why can't you get up at 9? If you can look up, you can get up, Max, and he chose not to." Promoter Eddie Hearn stated "you can't say that he didn't quit. But I don't blame him for doing it, like most people in that position would've done that. But quitting is deciding not to continue and he decided not to continue."
Garcia left his trainer, Goossen, a week after the Davis fight and hired Derrick James as his trainer in May 2023.

Garcia faced Oscar Duarte at the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas. The fight took place on December 2, 2023.  Garcia won the fight by KO in the 8th round after landing a combination late in the round rendering Duarte unable to beat the count of the referee.

Garcia vs. Haney
On February 9, 2024, it was announced that Garcia vs. Devin Haney was signed for April 20 in Las Vegas, Nevada for the WBC super lightweight title. Two days before the fight, Garcia agreed to a wager with Haney that Garcia would pay $500,000 for every pound over the limit should he miss weight. Garcia later weighed in at 143.2lbs, 3.2lbs over the championship limit, and would forfeit up to $600,000 of his purse to Haney. Garcia was not eligible to win the title.
Garcia won the bout via majority decision (114–110, 115–109, 112–112), knocking down Haney in rounds 7, 10 and 11 before coming away with the victory. On May 1, Voluntary Anti-Doping Association notified all involved parties that Garcia had tested positive for Ostarine, a performance-enhancing drug, the day before and the day of his fight with Haney. Garcia responded via social media and denied having taken performance-enhancing drugs, citing his willingness to take the drug test. On June 20, the bout was changed to a no contest; Garcia was fined $1.1 million and suspended for a year due to testing positive for Ostarine, a performance enhancing drug. Garcia had made a settlement with the commission that avoids a hearing.

In January 2025, it was reported that Garcia would face Isaac Cruz in New York City in May. Later that same month, it was announced that Garcia would instead face Rolando Romero. In early March, the fight against Romero was confirmed to be held in Times Square in New York on May 2, 2025. Garcia lost the fight by unanimous decision, being knocked down by Romero with a double left hook in the second round.

On July 4, 2024, Garcia was expelled by the WBC president Mauricio Sulaimán after using racial slurs against black people and disparaging Muslims in comments livestreamed on social media. He was also called out on social networks being rumored that he was abusing illegal substances. Sulaiman said that Garcia declined multiple attempts by the WBC to help with his mental health and substance abuse. Garcia's family released a statement saying, "Ryan has been open about his ongoing struggle with mental health over the years and as a family we are committed to ensuring and encouraging that he receives the necessary help to navigate this very challenging time and address both his immediate and long-term well-being." Garcia's ban was lifted by Sulaimán in November 2025.

WBC welterweight champion Mario Barrios defended his title against Ryan Garcia in a DAZN pay-per-view main event held on February 21, 2026, at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. Branded as "The Ring: High Stakes," the matchup pitted Garcia against his former trainer, Joe Goossen, who is now training Barrios. Garcia defeated Barrios via a 12 round unanimous decision; Garcia scored a knockdown in the 1st round.

In 2019, Garcia starred as Sonny Mendoza in the Brat teen web series On the Ropes. During 2021, Garcia signed a deal with sports drink Gatorade to appear on television commercials advertising the brand, thus becoming the first American boxer ever to appear on a Gatorade campaign.

Garcia comes from a large family. His parents have been actively involved with his career since he was an amateur. His father remains one of his trainers and his mother works as his personal administrative assistant for commercial projects. Garcia attended Adelanto High School before leaving because of amateur boxing commitments. In March 2019, Garcia's daughter was born. In December 2023, his son was born.
He has openly discussed his faith in Christianity. Garcia is a fan of the Los Angeles Rams of the NFL, and the Los Angeles Dodgers of the MLB.
Although American by birth, he often carries both the U.S. and Mexican flags into the ring and frequently wears red, white, and blue colors. His walk out and victory music has frequently been "El Rey" by Vicente Fernández, a reference to Garcia's "King Ryan" nickname. In December 2022, Garcia began training in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under Rener Gracie. He supported Donald Trump for president in 2024, with Trump's campaign publicly touting his endorsement. However, he would go on to criticize Trump's deportation policy during his second term. On January 31, 2026, he renounced his support of the president over the administration's handling of Epstein files.
In July 2024, he posted on X (formerly Twitter): "I don't support the LGBTQ + – whatever the fuck at all, fuck you guys rot in hell." During the same month, shortly after the release of Eminem's twelfth studio album, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce), Garcia called the rapper a satanist and suggested that he was gay. Also in July 2024, Garcia condemned the opening ceremony of the 2024 Summer Olympics for its inclusion of a segment in which drag queens imitated the Last Supper, writing "Fuck the Olympics boycott it for the disrespect of Jesus Christ" and "The lgbq community is a cult". He has stated he is pro life.
In 2024, his ex-wife Andrea Celina accused him of breaking into her home and smashing her belongings. She also posted screenshots of text messages between her and Garcia, revealing the boxer's alleged aggressive and hostile behavior. According to Celina, Garcia's actions were fueled by his ongoing struggles with alcohol. In June 2024, Garcia was arrested for damaging a room and hallway in the Waldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills, California. According to the Beverly Hills Police Department, the hotel stated that Garcia caused an estimated $15,000 in damage. The following month, Garcia was criminally charged with one misdemeanor count of vandalism, for which he faces up to a year in prison.

Major world titles

WBC welterweight champion (147 lbs)
Interim world titles

WBC interim lightweight champion (135 lbs)
Silver world titles

WBC silver lightweight champion (135 lbs)
Regional/International titles

NABF junior super featherweight champion (130 lbs)
NABF super featherweight champion (130 lbs)
NABO super featherweight champion (130 lbs)
NABO lightweight champion (135 lbs)
WBA gold super lightweight champion (140 lbs)

List of male boxers
List of doping cases in sport
List of Mexican boxing world champions
List of world welterweight boxing champions

Boxing record for Ryan Garcia from BoxRec (registration required)
Ryan Garcia - Profile, News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
Ryan García at Goldenboy Promotions
Ryan García at VVNG: García Deal
Ryan García at ESPN: 2017 Prospect
