# Submission wrestling

Submission wrestling, also known as submission fighting and submission grappling or simply grappling, is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission techniques. It is a hybrid discipline that incorporates elements of various martial arts such as various wrestling styles, judo, and Brazilian jiu-jitsu. Submission wrestling is practiced both as a competitive sport and as a training method for self-defence and mixed martial arts (MMA).

In ancient Greece, pankration emerged as a popular combat sport around the 7th century BCE. Pankration combined striking and grappling techniques, including joint locks and chokes, and was even included in the Olympic Games. In Japan, jujutsu became prominent in the 17th century. Jujutsu focused on using an opponent's energy against them and included techniques like joint locks, throws, and pins.
Jigoro Kano later developed Judo in the late 19th century, incorporating many grappling techniques from jujutsu, Judo influenced the development of various grappling styles around the world in particular Brazilian jiu-jitsu. Other styles of submission grappling also emerged, such as freestyle wrestling and sambo in the Soviet Union, which blended elements of Judo and traditional wrestling. All of these grappling arts contributed to the development of submission wrestling.

Some mixed martial arts schools and fighters may use the term submission wrestling to refer to their grappling methods while avoiding association with any one particular martial art. The label is sometimes also used to describe the tactic in mixed martial arts competition of relying primarily upon submission wrestling skills to defeat an opponent.
The term "no-gi" usually refers to a form of competition and training that does not use the gi, the "combat kimono" worn in traditional martial arts. "No-gi Brazilian jiu-jitsu" is often used as a synonym of submission wrestling in some circles, thanks to this art being a primarily ground fighting and submission seeking fighting style.

In submission wrestling, the primary objective is to force an opponent to submit through the application of joint locks, chokes, or other submission holds. Unlike freestyle and Greco-Roman wrestling, which often involve pinning an opponent's shoulders to the ground for victory, submission wrestling emphasises techniques that can lead to a submission such as tapping out or verbally submitting.
Submission wrestling competitions, often referred to as no-gi, grappling tournaments or submission-only events, can vary in rulesets. Some competitions allow competitors to use strikes, while others focus solely on grappling techniques. Points may be awarded for takedowns, dominant positions, and near-submissions. However, the ultimate goal is to secure a submission, which ends the match.

10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu: An American hybrid of no-gi Brazilian jiu-jitsu founded by Eddie Bravo, influences from American folkstyle wrestling and Jean Jacques Machado's (a grappler with several missing digits) style of BJJ. More focus on no-gi half-guard and guard techniques that may be considered unorthodox in BJJ.
Aikido: A Japanese martial art drawing influences primarily from a Japanese Jujutsu style, Daitō-ryū Aiki-jūjutsu. Just as Japanese Jujutsu, this art has heavy emphasis on throws, joint locks, and chokes.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu: A popular Brazilian grappling martial art with an emphasis on ground fighting and submission holds. It involves training with and without a gi. It was developed from a combination of Judo, Japanese Jujutsu, and wrestling techniques. Brazilian jiu-jitsu "no-gi" is the primary martial art from which the modern submission wrestling practice is derived.
Catch wrestling: Also called "catch-as-catch-can", the style of grappling (without the gi) originated in Lancashire, Northern England and later became the dominant wrestling style in America during the 19th century, and has experienced a resurgence during recent years due to MMA popularity. Early professional wrestling was once competitive catch wrestling before the sport slowly transitioned to sportive entertainment during the mid-1920s, with amateur catch wrestling becoming Olympic freestyle and collegiate wrestling.
Danzan-ryū Jujitsu: A Hawaiian/American style of jujutsu founded by a Japanese-American martial artist, Seishiro Okazaki. It combines the elements of Japanese Jujutsu styles (Yōshin-ryū, Namba Shoshin-ryū, Iwaga-ryū, Kosogabe-ryū), Judo, Kapu Kuialua, Shōrin-ryū Karate, Chin Na, Boxing, Arnis, Folk Wrestling, etc. While most of Danzan-ryū's organizations teach in traditional manner, one of its organizations, Jujitsu America, provides an amateur-level sport fighting format for its practitioners and martial artists from other fighting styles.
Hapkido: A Korean martial art influenced by Daitō-ryū Aiki-jūjutsu, Judo, and other Korean martial arts. Hapkido, along with Judo, later influenced other distinct martial arts, Gongkwon Yusul and Yongmudo.
Hokutoryu Ju-Jutsu: A modern style of Finnish Jujutsu and a combat sport founded by Auvo Niiniketo, who has background in English Jujitsu style (WJJF), Karate, Kickboxing, etc.
German Jujutsu: A modern German martial art and a combat sport (under Ju-Jitsu International Federation's rules) founded in 1960s, drawing influence from Judo, Karate, Japanese Jujutsu, and Aikido. Influences of other arts were added further in 2000.
Gongkwon Yusul: A modern martial art originally created with influences from Judo, Hapkido, Jujutsu (Hakkō-ryū), Kyuktoogi (Korean-style kickboxing), and other Korean martial arts. It exists as an amateur-level combat sport.
Gyeokgido: A modern martial art and a combat sport created by a South Korean professional wrestler, Lee Wang Pyo. Lee was a student of Kim Il, who was a student of the famous wrestler, Rikidōzan. Although the main influences in this style came from Professional wrestling/Catch wrestling, the founder also studied Amateur wrestling, Judo, Boxing, and Taekwondo.
Judo: A Japanese martial art focusing on high-impact throws, pins, joint locks, and chokes. It is also an Olympic sport, practiced wearing the judogi, but has been adapted to submission wrestling purposes.
Japanese ju-jutsu or jujutsu: An ancient art of Japanese wrestling/grappling that places a heavy emphasis on joint locks, chokes, and throws. Uses a gi traditionally.
Luta livre esportiva (pt): A Brazilian form of submission wrestling adapted from catch wrestling, trained without a gi.
Malla-yuddha: One of the oldest practiced forms of submission/combat wrestling, originating in pre-partition India, malla-yuddha is divided into four parent techniques, each named after particular Hindu gods and legendary fighters: Hanumanti concentrates on technical and positional superiority, Jambuvanti uses locks and holds to force the opponent into submission, Jarasandhi concentrates on breaking the limbs and joints and applying tracheal chokes while Bhimaseni focuses on sheer strength.
Pehlwani: The premier wrestling style of South Asia. It is descended from Malla-yuddha and the Persian varzesh-e bastani.
Pankration: Originating from ancient Greece, it combines elements that today are found mainly in the punches of boxing (pygmachia) and in the kicking of many martial arts (laktisma) with moves from the also Greece-originating wrestling (pale) and joint locks, thus creating a broad fighting sport similar to today's mixed martial arts.
Sport sambo: A Soviet (Russian) style of grappling that typically uses a jacket, but without gi pants. Sambo uses leglocks, but most styles do not permit chokes.
Shoot wrestling: A Japanese martial art (without the gi) based on catch wrestling, freestyle wrestling, and Greco-Roman wrestling, which later incorporated judo, sambo, karate, and Muay Thai. The major sub-disciplines of shoot wrestling are Shooto and shootfighting, along with Combat Wrestling.
Combat wrestling (ja): A style of shoot wrestling founded by elite wrestler and MMA coach Noriaki Kiguchi (ja).
Shooto: A Japanese martial art consisting of catch wrestling, judo, jujutsu, sambo, and kickboxing developed by professional wrestler Satoru Sayama.
Shootfighting:  A Japanese martial art consisting of Muay Thai and catch wrestling.
Shuai jiao: A Chinese style of wrestling that incorporates throws and chin na (joint locks).
Submission Arts Wrestling (SAW): A Japanese style of catch wrestling founded in 1980's by Shihan Hidetaka Aso, who was a champion of wrestling and Sambo in Japan. Aso also trained in various other arts such as Judo, Sumo, Sambo, Wrestling, Karate, Muay Thai, Catch wrestling, and Shoot wrestling to create his own hybrid martial art practiced without gi.
Yongmudo: A modern Korean martial art and a combat sport created in Yong In University by combining Judo, Taekwondo, Hapkido, Ssirum, Kumdo, Boxing, and Wrestling.

Combat Jiu-Jitsu (CJJ) is a submission grappling style innovated by American BJJ black belt Eddie Bravo in 2013. Following the success of his Eddie Bravo Invitational (EBI) events, Bravo decided to create a martial art aimed for self-defense that could also be used in competition. Inspired from Pancrase matches as well as from the original Gracie Challenge.
CJJ incorporates No-Gi BJJ techniques while adding open palm strikes allowing competitors to strike each other on the ground to open up the defense, CJJ matches are won by submission within the regulation period, or a winner is determined by EBI overtime rules.
First ran as competitive matches during his invitational events, starting with EBI 11 in 2017, the first Combat Jiu-Jitsu World event took place in 2018. Since then, multiple world champions have been crowned and the first team world championship took place at the end of 2022.

Combat Submission Wrestling (CSW) is a modern form of submission wrestling (and MMA system) developed by Erik Paulson, former Shooto light heavyweight champion.
It includes grappling, submissions, and striking.
It is a style that borrows elements and techniques from grappling styles including catch wrestling, Shooto, judo, and Brazilian jiu-jitsu along with striking styles such as boxing, kickboxing, and Muay Thai.

Hayastan Grappling System or Hayastan Freestyle Wrestling, is a submission grappling style developed by multiple grappling black belts Gokor Chivichyan and Gene LeBell that blends elements of judo, sambo, catch wrestling, Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Greco-Roman and freestyle wrestling.
This system includes all forms of submissions, including leg locks, footlocks, kneebars, heel hooks, shoulder locks, wrist locks, neck cranks, body cranks, chokes and others.

American Jiu-Jitsu is a combination of wrestling and Brazilian jiu-jitsu developed in the US. The first person who was associated with this term was MMA fighter Jake Shields, who stated that it was an "Americanized" form of BJJ.
In 2019, Keenan Cornelius, a BJJ black belt from San Diego, founded his personal academy that he named Legion American Jiu-Jitsu (AJJ).
After that, he started to explain the style to the media, which caused a backlash from the Brazilian community, although Cornelius continued promoting his academy.

ADCC Submission Fighting World Championship
International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation
World IBJJF Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi Championship
European IBJJF Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi Championship
Pan IBJJF Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi Championship
Brazilian Nationals Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi Championship
Polaris Pro Grappling
United World Wrestling
NAGA
Grapplers Quest
ONE Championship

Styles of wrestling
