Kind: captions Language: en Tyson, welcome to fight week. We're here on the ground. How are you feeling? Very good, thanks. Very good. I've seen you moving around a lot of your training camp. You went over to Thailand. Is that where the whole thing was based? Where have you been? &gt;&gt; I was over in Thailand 14 weeks, yeah. And I got back last Tuesday and I've been based at Champneys um just to taper off at the end. What kind of challenge do you have in Usyk back in the locker room? What What What have we got here? Any man who gets in there to fight me on the night is a challenge. I don't care if he's 7 stone or 27. They're all coming to beat me up. So, I've got to treat everybody exactly the same Yeah. with the same mentality. So, yeah. He's a dangerous opponent and I won't be uh treating him any different to any opponent that might be around today. For instance, Wilder, there's Joshua, Usyk, anybody. All about the same. Where do you Where do you rank him against former opponents? You mentioned Wilder and &gt;&gt; I don't know because I never fought him, but I could answer that after the fight. Then I'll let you know. &gt;&gt; I'll be back to fight question. Having just guessing, I've no idea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, obviously he's he's former &gt;&gt; he's the rank number five in the world, so &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is a Which is pretty good, yeah. Um Have you studied the Obviously, he fought Kabayel who lost to Kabayel. Do you study that fight in preparation for this one? &gt;&gt; I don't because no two fights are the same um and we're different fighters for sure. Um I didn't study the Dave Allen fight either. I've not studied any of the fights. I know what type of style he is. 6' 7" or 8" Columbus I'm coming forward slowly. Power hands, big hooks. That's about it. That's all I know. That's all I need to know, really. What kind of Tyson Fury goes in on Saturday night? Is it Is it the the powerful Tyson Fury that goes looking for knockouts? Is that where you are now? You'll have to find out. &gt;&gt; heard you in a couple of other interviews talk about Wilder and Chisora the other night and you you were saying that it upset you in a way. It did. How far they've slid. Um Do you Do you think that doesn't happen to you? Are you not there? Is it Talk about the slide cuz it's inevitable, right? &gt;&gt; It's inevitable for sure, but I'm not at that sliding point yet. I'm still up there, not sliding down. So, yeah. I'll let you know when I'm sliding down. I'll be gone in a hurry, I think. When you look at the other heavyweights, do you see that? Do you see that in the likes of say say AJ? I know he was the Jake Paul fight &gt;&gt; I haven't seen anything &gt;&gt; name you're going to be linked to. &gt;&gt; Obviously, he got chinned by Daniel Dubois. But I didn't don't think it was because of uh he slid down or whatever. I just think that that would have happened Yeah. at any time in his career, really. Um I haven't really seen that much of a decline or if any. Yeah. Um I see a little bit of difference since he got beat by Andy Ruiz years ago. &gt;&gt; Years ago, yeah. He went a little bit like gun-shy where he didn't want to get hit and it was like, "What if?" and all that. But other than that, I haven't seen a decline in AJ. He still looks an awesome specimen and he's still doing what he always did. Yeah. Um But I did see a massive decline in MT the other night. Like the Chisora who fought Otto Wallin a year ago was a different Chisora who fought Deontay Wilder. Um Same for Deontay. Deontay looks the part. He looks like a Greek god, but he's completely shot to bits. He can't pull the trigger anymore and he's he may as well fight with one arm tied behind his back because he doesn't use it anymore, either. On On Deontay, um I I saw a clip of you on social a a little while ago joking about Moses Itauma saying it's a young man's game. No, no, no. But then after his fight the other night, Wilder comes out and he says, "Yeah, I'd fight Moses Itauma." How does that go? I think it's just for the wrong reasons. Um Frank would have to give him a good few quid, a few million to fight him. It's for the wrong reasons. To fight his own If you've already had 40, 50 million and spent that, what good's another two or three million to you? Yeah. Pointless. To get embarrassed by a young kid from the world and you're only going to spend anyway. So, you don't you you think Moses takes that fight? &gt;&gt; It's not even a It's not even a fight. Right. &gt;&gt; It's not a fight. One man's shot to pieces and one man isn't. One man's in his prime. On his On his way up, you could say. Yeah. Um Just Just onto your fight then. You've been very sort of friendly. It looked certainly looked very friendly and respectful yesterday face-off on top of the stadium. At what point does that change? It doesn't. It doesn't change. There's no rivalry between me and Usyk. There's no animosity. There's nothing. It's never been a rivalry. Strictly business. So, when you get into the ring on fight night and you two step towards one another, obviously then it's not going to be hugs and sort of pats on the back. &gt;&gt; just strictly business, yeah. &gt;&gt; What does somebody see when when they don't see the respectful Tyson Fury? I guess is the way of putting it. Nothing's going to be any different on Saturday night. It's just going to be the usual business. Um There's no Like I said, there's no need to trash talk somebody who's not very good at English who can't speak back. You know what I mean? It's just a one-sided affair. Um You need a dance partner to do all that with and Usyk is not that person. He's not a vocal person who can speak. He's just just a boxer. So, for me and him, this is just a business transaction. Nothing more. You've got to get past him and then you have Then I've just got to get past him. Yeah. Go on. Enjoy a few Easter eggs. I've bought a treat for them last week. What's your &gt;&gt; What's your favorite Easter egg? Any one that's I like Cadbury's ones the best, actually. The cheap ones I like a pound. &gt;&gt; They used to be a pound. &gt;&gt; Probably about 10 now. I don't remember how much they are, but yeah, the cheapest ones that come apart and Easter egg print on them like a Cadbury's print. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. They used to be a pound. I don't know how much they are anymore. No, I don't. But yeah, but Easter eggs used to be like this big in a box and now they're like this big. Stuff inside them as well. It's not there anymore. No. Um So, I I spoke to Wilder last week just before his fight and he says, "I'm going to win. I'm going to beat Chisora and then I want to go and unify the division." Do you have a similar goal? You want to You want to beat and you want to go and get belts back or I'm not interested in anything like that. Does that Is that not something that Who do you think holds all the belts 12 months from now? I don't know. They're all The people who's got them now, Usyk's 39 year old. He doesn't want to be fighting anybody other than people he's going to get paid heavily for, so that'd be probably me. Yeah. And yeah, the rest of it, it's not worth talking about. &gt;&gt; Fabio Yeah. Fabio's on the My hope is he's doing his thing. He's doing really well. Congratulations to him and he's got to do what the other people have done before him. Go on and fight people and get more popularity and become a big star. Yeah. Not just in Ipswich, but in the UK and globally and beyond. Um &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Just very quickly, I I heard you saying earlier on that you you still a heavyweight student of the game, so to speak. You're You're still sort of There is a lot of It's almost heavyweight season at the moment. You mentioned Dave Allen before. Allen Hergovich is a fight that's coming up. Have you I remember speaking to you a long time ago where you said Filip Hergovich, he could be the guy. He Do you have an opinion on that fight and how that one goes? Listen, I don't really have an opinion on how it goes cuz Dave Allen's my friend and the other the other fellow. I'd like Dave to win, for sure. 100%. Yeah. If I wanted someone to win, hit me Dave Allen cuz I don't really know the Hergovich lad. But having to like predict a fight It's difficult. &gt;&gt; This one is, isn't it? Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's not difficult, but it is what it is. I think some of them are maybe harder than others. We've got Tony Yoka, Lawrence Okolie coming up in Paris. Yeah, that's that's Listen, if Tony Yoka turns up and he's a He believes in himself and yeah, I'm sure he will. It's a big occasion for him. He's got a big fight in um Lawrence and it could be a problem, but Lawrence has looked on good form recently. He's gone from a 200 lb fighter to a 275 lb fighter, so he's looking very well and he's getting a lot of good performances out at the moment, so yeah. He was a heavyweight limit now and you know, before he was at the cruiserweight and it obviously killed him in the weight. Yeah. Uh Just finally, Tyson, we'll end obviously on yourself. There's going to be a load of questions this week. You've probably already had a lot of them. Yeah, I've had plenty already, yeah. Who's next? Who's next? Who's next? For you, if I said to you, you could either have AJ or Usyk and you get that win on your record before it's all said and done. &gt;&gt; about the wins and the record. I I don't I won't settle for that right now because I want to go in there and do it myself. Yeah. Yeah. I want to enjoy it. It I You could give me 10 more wins. What would it mean? It's like giving me 10 more million, isn't it? What's that going to mean to me? Nothing. Fair. &gt;&gt; If you give me another 10 wins on my victory, what's that going to do? And I said, "Go in there and actually do it and enjoy the moment and have a memory, living memory of it." Would you have a preference to which one you would fight? AJ or Usyk? It doesn't matter. Just whoever. Whoever, really, yeah. Tyson, all the very best. It's a pleasure to speak, as always. All the best. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Cheers. Thanks, mate. Next one.