Kind: captions Language: en Right. So, I'm here with Adam Hammed after a decision victory. Adam, just talk us through the performance. What did you make of your opponent? What did you make of the performance? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel like he was definitely a tough opponent, tougher than some of the kids I boxed. I haven't been too well in the in the buildup, but I don't want to blame it on that. But, um, yeah, listen, I didn't I didn't lose a round and I felt comfortable in there and next time out I'll be a lot better. You know what I mean? I always want to do better, but um I'm happy I got the win and uh that's all I can ask for. Obviously, you didn't have the most extensive amateur career. Is this are these early fights in your pro career just about picking up those rounds and picking up that experience? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I had no amateurs. I literally didn't have one amateur fight. My first fight was uh was on the first Usyk Dubois and that was a huge opportunity and I'd like to thank Frank Warren and Queensbury for putting me on this one as well. It's an amazing platform, Wembley National Stadium. Honestly, I'm uh I'm not going to say I'm massively happy with the performance, but I'm very happy to be here. Looking forward for you, what do what does the next year, two years look like for you? &gt;&gt; We're just going to keep racking up the experience and getting more comfortable with the rounds and then inshallah we leave it to the team. You know what I mean? Alhamdulillah for everything. I'm very very grateful. I'm very proud to be here. &gt;&gt; I saw your dad uh Prince giving you a pep talk before the performance. What did he make of the performance? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Pops is happy with it and he knows uh he knows what it was like through through the camp and we've had a few things going on. But listen, like I said, Alhamdulillah with the good. Alhamdulillah for the bad. We're just happy to be here and to take part &gt;&gt; and just obviously a massive main event. How do you see this main event uh going tonight? &gt;&gt; Uh I want Daniel Dubar to win. Bring it back to Frank Warren and bring it back to England. &gt;&gt; Adam, congratulations on a on a good performance. &gt;&gt; I appreciate you, brother. All the best.