Kind: captions Language: en I'm joined with AJ Caraviel, the main man, well, one of the main men in the heavyweight division. &gt;&gt; I hope so. &gt;&gt; So, you've been on a great run as of late. How does it feel right now to be Ait Caval? &gt;&gt; I feel good, you know. I feel good. I feel great, you know. I'm in the good position, but uh I'm not in the in the goat, you know. I will the the the big one. I won the big big title. and Saturday we will see where where goes AIT's way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Last time we saw you against Sheille Jang out in Saudi Arabia that was a a brilliant fight. I thought you came back after getting knocked down came back to win. What was it like in that fight and how do you look back on it? &gt;&gt; I think for the for the for the the boxing fight was a amazing fight. you know I go back it's like a rocky story you know I go down and come back after after uh six rounds and this was amazing you know for I like it I like this fight this is also for me the motivation you know when you go down and you come back this is different this is good for your my and now I feel good you know I feel great &gt;&gt; do you think that that fight just then was the biggest fight of your career so far against you &gt;&gt; know every fight in my career is big you know every every fighters and every fights in my career is very big you know but uh I think um in all fights you have a different um different thing you must be you come grow up you know I think in this fight this was motivation in yourself in in your head you talk with yourself but you know I come back and I finished the fight you know Zen have really really big name you know all he fight in his career so much big names I I think so. This fight was uh the biggest fight of my career from the name. When you talk Zang, Zang knows everyone in boxing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. He's fought obviously he beat Joe Joyce, fought Park Wild as a brilliant &gt;&gt; I no diddy, huh? &gt;&gt; So you're now number three in box or box track of the heavyweights. WBC interim champion. What is the future looking like for you at the moment? Or is it all eyes on Saturday night? &gt;&gt; Where is the future? My future I don't know this I believe in myself. I believe uh uh everything from come from God you know and uh we will see we will see where's the way for me it's the best option you know when I fight for the world title shot you know uh when a Saturday when Daniel win I can fight with Daniel when Usuzi win I can fight we make a big show in Germany why not you know and uh we talked today also with George for the homecoming fight in Germany And I say, "George, why not? I can also fight with Usyk in Germany or one other guy in Germany. For me, it's no problem. I fight everyone. You know, I'm ready. I train hard and I fight everyone. No problem." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Another person who's going to be having eyes on tomorrow night, of course, Joseph Parker. And he's a name that you Well, I've seen quite a lot of people saying that would be a brilliant, brilliant fight between you two. Is he another person on your radar? &gt;&gt; You know, we are we have a same manager, you know. uh he's also worked with Spencer Brown and um you know I'm respect him not you know um this is not in my hand you know the fans will say Paka can fight with the world title shot or cabel you know uh we are only the fighters but the fans will say which fight is interesting is interesting Parker or cabel but I know the people won't say the fight with Parker and cabayel but I don't I know we will see what is what bring the future. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Um how do you see tomorrow's fight going? What do you think? Do you think Dubois is going to win or Usyk going to win? &gt;&gt; You know the f first I think the first four or five rounds is very important in this fight. U Daniel Dwis have amazing pressure very good pressure in the first five rounds but um Usuzi is excellently boxer. He have a very good boxing IQ. I think in this fight is very important the mindset and uh and the condition it's also very important when I give prediction for the fight it's I think Udi can win the fight with the points but we will see on Saturday you know &gt;&gt; yeah and of course if you did get to fight the win if you did get to fight Alexander Usyk I think the one thing that I noticed when I'm watching is your body shots are amazing probably the best &gt;&gt; what do you when I fight with Usyk who's win &gt;&gt; I think that &gt;&gt; not scared by the &gt;&gt; I think this is what I was going to ask. was going to say I think that out of most people in the heavyweight division your body shots the the one question mark I've got for Usyk the krypton &gt;&gt; the kryptonite from &gt;&gt; is the body shots and that's where you that's where you excel that's where you're very very good so do you think is that &gt;&gt; is that something you'd look at if you fought him &gt;&gt; but we will see you know I think this is very interesting fight you know his English is bad my English is bad we only we can fight you know we are why not why not I think the people like the fighters and I think this fight is very very I think A very nice fight. When I fight with Usuzi, the all boxing fans will like