Kind: captions Language: en I'm here with AJ Cabel ahead of your huge headline event in Hoverhouse in Germany against Damen Geneva. So, it's the homecoming. You know, this must have been something since you started boxing, maybe since even you were a young boy that you were thinking about. Now, it's finally a couple days away. How does it feel? &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. I feel very great. You know, I have a very good clamp for the fight. I'm ready. And uh this is crazy, huh? I sold out the tickets in 5 days. So much people have interesting in Germany to the boxing but I think I bring boxing back in Germany. Huh? &gt;&gt; You know uh the presenter up there he mentioned that earlier on in your career the media maybe wasn't giving you the exposure that you you wanted. Now you arrive at the press conference people are flooding to you like you said you sold out the event in in 5 days. How does it feel now that you're getting your appreciation that you you deserve? &gt;&gt; Yeah this is this is what it is. You know I think the last three fights I have a very good performance and the media in Germany all around the world understand hey cababay is the name you know and uh we give him the respect you see he give me very big respect so much media come from come to the press conference I'm happy you know I have also situation I think in the in the press conference was only three four media people &gt;&gt; yeah but I'm happy it is what it is you know we train for this I train really hard but u really thank you for the respect You're obviously going to have, you know, your people, probably a lot of your your family members, your close friends there. Is it different, you know, fighting in front of all all of them? Are you going to be kind of you're going to have a different fire in your belly in on on fight night? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's normal. It's a little bit different, but it's not the same like the Riad. In Riyad, I have also a big support. I think in the Riad maybe from Germany come 100, 200 people to my fight when I was in Viad, but now it's 30,000 people come in the arena. But you know the situation is the same. The ring you are alone with Damian never can help you. You know that's is uh yeah I think in the ring you alone. You must give you you must give the best performance. &gt;&gt; You mentioned Damian there. What what do you know about Damian Kiba? Have you watched much of him fight? Yes, I I see a little bit too three fight from him. My coach make an easy watch all the fight for him, you know, and respect him not, you know. I was also in the same situation for three fights, you know, I was underdog, but you know, I know the situation, you know, then I'm then I be ready for the fight. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How does your preparations differ when you're, you know, like you said, you were the underdog in those last three fights and now you're a massive favorite. Does it get into your head at all the fact that you are the favorite? No, I you know I know the situation but I have not in my in my head you know the situation but I don't know you know the camp was better than before you know I will all every every camp I will make you know the best vision of myself you know I train really hard you know and this camp was also you know I was better than before and all my coach my team say hey this this camp was unbelievable was crazy know I have a 67 sparring partner and um Yeah, I I feel very great. I feel good. You know, I know the situation I'm I'm the big favorite, but you know, for this situation, you must train harder, you know, than before. &gt;&gt; Obviously, uh he's he's he's a very tall man, and you are known for for your body shots. Do you think that is a a potential, you know, obviously when you're tall, the body tends to be more open. Is that something you're you've been thinking in the buildup? &gt;&gt; We will see on Saturday night. watch on the zone. Buy the pay-per-view in Germany or in UK. Watch the fight. &gt;&gt; You will see &gt;&gt; what happens on Saturday night. AJ, I know you're going to tell me you will see again, but what happens? &gt;&gt; Never I say prediction for the fight. Watch the fight and you see the results. &gt;&gt; And I just want to ask you one more thing. Obviously, it's the new year. We're starting off the the new year with a big fight. Everyone has their their New Year's resolutions. &gt;&gt; You know what a New Year's resolution? &gt;&gt; Yeah. What is your what is your New Year's resolution for 2026? &gt;&gt; You know, I have another resolution. I have a every every years I have a one dream, you know, I will be a world champion in the heavyweight division, you know, but uh you know, I became a daughter for 6 months. This is also a big motivation. But I have not um what is &gt;&gt; a resolution &gt;&gt; resolution for the year you know &gt;&gt; focus focus focus for all fights. But uh in the career I have a so much after the fight I will enjoy with my family. But we will see what bring what bring the year 2026. &gt;&gt; And you believe in 2026 you make it happen. You become world champion. &gt;&gt; We we we can't wait to see you Saturday night. And we we hope to see you a world champion as well. &gt;&gt; Thank you, sir.