Kind: captions Language: en [applause] Wait a moment, I need to get some water . Now I am allowed to get sick and who we are as the first question in German also first question German English question in German each of his big episodes. How are you celebrating now? So what are you most looking forward to? I'm looking forward to going home, yes, to seeing my family, seeing my parents , holding my daughter in my arms , seeing my wife, enjoying this time . I've been really isolated for the last, say, 13 or 14 weeks, haven't I? We've been training really, really hard , haven't we? We really pushed ourselves hard in training. We were in the spotlight the whole time, and now we just want to enjoy this time with our family . I think that's what I'm looking forward to most, and yeah, I just want to go home, actually. [laughter] Can you say something about the first round? Yes, I could say a lot about that, couldn't I? So I came into the working session, I basically walked in and was already amazed. Suddenly the audience was already inside the work with me , so there were 3, 4,500 people there, all writing agitprop, and that was a new situation for me, right? So, the last time I boxed in Germany was three years ago, and there were 3,000 spectators, and now suddenly fighting in front of a crowd of almost 12,000 to 13,000 people. Of course I was a little frozen, wasn't I? And then I ran in and the first lap began. In the first round I simply wasn't there, because I was distracted by the spectators and the atmosphere they created, it was indescribable. And the coach said to me, "Hey, you're fighting at a world-class level, you're one of the best in the world. Why are you letting something like that throw you off ?" And then I realized, hey, what am I doing here? And then I started to block it out in the second round and completely in the third, and that's how I finished the fight, because I was simply focused . I knew exactly what I had to do . Move your head, use your body, work your body and mind, and eventually the finish will come on its own, right? Make a question. German better. So yeah, Kenbau is tall. He was definitely very, very tall. He also used his size very, very well, worked with his jaw, moved around . He definitely studied how to box against a smaller guy. But I knew perfectly well that if we stuck to our game plan, he'd only be able to withstand that pressure for a maximum of three, maybe four, five rounds, and the finish would come, right? Regarding the mind and body, I've often heard that before. Enough said. When the finish comes, it comes, and yes, this time to the head and not the body, right? Look , I've said this often enough before. I overcame three monsters in Riyadh and now I'm coming to Germany. I've also beaten an undefeated man here . So, what do you say? I told the fans that too, right? The spectators, the media, you all have to push this. Did I deserve the fight against Usik? Well, I think so, right? I think I deserved the fight and, um, yeah, I'm ready for the challenge, I'm ready for the task, and he's undefeated, I'm undefeated. Why not? Let's go. So, in English, uh, what English? Yes, English. Yes, he wants it in English. Yes. Yes . Fight, biggest monster, division, win for the fight. I don't know, I think the president of the WBC, the WBC, make organization, Germany, also Ukrainian people, Germany with the KN, with, I don't know, you know, will see, you know, I think, also one of the great fighters Of the world you more go finish will fighting finish body Would you say that you simply changed boxing in Germany ? You can tell that boxing is really hyped these days, right? Everyone wants to understand. I don't know if I changed boxing. I just think I revived boxing, right? After the Klitkoher, we really had a long dry spell, right? Yes, I was down there once, it was kind of, uh, so I had a long dry spell, right? And so boxing had a long dry spell, and yes, we worked for a long time for it, we really worked for it with my team, we all fought to revive boxing, and I think I answered the question myself today, only the fans answered it, that people are excited about boxing again, about the boxing fans . We sold out the arena within 5 days. People are excited, people want to see the boxing matches, and uh, yes, I think we can this year, even if the situation changes, even if If another fight with Usik does n't happen and another fight comes about, I think we can go to the stadium with any fight . You say boxing belongs to Germany 100%. We've had so many legends here in this country. Boxing belongs to Germany 100%. We must n't forget this sport. We mustn't trample it underfoot. We finally have to accept in Germany that even a fighter like Ghegel can represent Germany, and if we do that, we can achieve really great things. But what does that do to you? So quickly, in what feels like just a few years, you've become the man in German boxing. So, inside you, you're saying so simply, "I've given years, I've given my life to be the man I am right now in Germany," right? I've even put half my life into this, and it wasn't an easy path. I started when I was 16, I started with combat sports, and I 'm currently 33. I've never had a long break in my career. So, this isn't work that... So, this has developed over three or two years, right? We've always been fully focused. We knew what we wanted. We wanted to become heavyweight world champions. That was the journey from the very beginning, and yes, now we're in the top two in the world, right? We're from Ruda, and how important is the sport to you, especially for Kurdish fans? You saw it today, Kurdish flags everywhere. How important is the support? The support is very, very important to me, right? These are my roots, right? We are of Kurdish origin. The support I receive from Kurdistan is indescribable, is n't it? Thank you so much to Visit Kurdistan for the maximum support I receive from them, and yes, you said yourself, so many Kurds were here. I think there were 13,000 spectators, I think almost 8,000 of them were Kurds, right? So, indescribable. I'm simply happy about this support. I'm happy to be a part of it, and also to be a part of Kurdistan. To represent both peoples, and both tragic at heart, right? What message do you have especially today? You see what happened in Free Roger ? I have a special message, I also said that in the ring, right? Free Roger was. To all the people who have heard about this, I don't know, I've just been following it a bit on social media, in focus, in training and all that, what's happening right now. We mustn't, we mustn't look away, we have to look, we have to draw attention to it, and innocent people are simply being killed, dragged from their homes, and, as I said, Free Roger was to all people, please don't look away, we all have to stick together. It's not about Kurdish descent, it's about ordinary people, we are all human beings, and as I said, we all have to stand together and simply draw attention to the fact that innocent people are being killed. You've already mentioned the advantages of a BMK in Germany, so to speak . Uh, do you have a preferred stadium, if you're bringing this up? My preferred stadium, I don't know. Yeah, I think you'd really like the VfL Bochum stadium, but I think VfL Bochum is, well, I do n't know, if we manage to sell out the Rudolf Weber Arena in 5 days . I think VfL Bochum, we're talking about that being too small, or the pitch replacement is too expensive. [laughter] Sorry. So, I don't know, either in Düsseldorf, I don't know. Then we'll have to see, when the time comes, we can talk again, but I have n't thought about it yet. I'm going to enjoy some time with my family first, and then, uh, I can think about where the next fight should take place. You said last year that for you it would be the greatest thing if Germany also accepted Agel as a part of itself. When you see things today, do you think we've made progress, or do you feel that way? I certainly hope so, right? I hope, I hope that Germany finally accepts that Agel is a part of Germany, right? I was born here, grew up here, I'm in the realm of personal development, every German. I went to school here , completed my apprenticeship here . And that's why, yes, Germany has to accept me, right? Even though I 'm of Kurdish origin. Germany, as I said, Germany is my home. I grew up here , I was born here, and yes, Germans have to accept me. Do you feel that your perception has changed somewhat after the Sen fight and now also in the lead-up to this fight? Has anything changed? Yes, I think what does "changed" even mean? I think we're performing well, and by performing well, and that's also the thing, that's the gratitude from the spectators, I have so much support from the spectators, that I think the media can't look away anymore, right? I think the spectators, my supporters, they comment on everything, I think, even in death. Everywhere the media reports on other sports and not on Akademika, I think a kind of heartfelt campaign starts, but yes, at the end of the day, I'm happy. Yes, it's definitely... that changes. The media is finally getting involved and yes, I 'm happy about it. Have I answered your question with this? Yes . Okay. [laughter] No questions anymore please. You know I say this more time you know what brings the other fight for me you know I fight I say to you I fight four times big name in the box fight with Mahmud I fight Frank Sanchez with Mahmudovight one guy never career what I want disresect laence Please make in the boxing so much politic mandatori fightury fury no interestm support WB title Germany UK location [laughter] [applause] you know what what do you know Spencer Brown Man tyons this man in season he said is the real deal get him on season so why would he want to why would he want to fight his brothers thanks everyone ok Perfect. [applause] Dano, is your cell phone?