Kind: captions Language: en Well, Alex Arthur is a name very familiar in Scottish boxing and there's a new one in town and he looks nothing like Alex Arthur. Alex [laughter] Arthur Jr. How are you? Good man, good. Nice to see you again. Nice to see you and that's fair, isn't it? You don't look like your dad. No, don't look like my dad. No, not at all. Who's better looking? Would you say I'll tell you what though. Well, I said in my very first press conference before my debut it was me, so I'm going to stand by it. &gt;&gt; Stand by it. You can't I mean yeah. &gt;&gt; No, I mean I think you'll keep going like that and I'll keep going like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel like he has late bloom though. It has and he's went on a diet since I slagged him in public [laughter] for the ice cream habit he's got so he's actually lost a bit weight and he looks quite good now so competition's been like rife in the house. The competition in the house in general must be rife. The The Macklin's making his debut as well another Arthur. Do you all live together, right? Yeah, yeah and our middle brother as well but he keeps himself to himself in his room. He's not too bothered about the six-pack competitions or the you know, who's had the most protein for their supper and stuff. So your middle brother he's not into his boxing at all, right? &gt;&gt; No, no, no, he's not. He's He's good with his head. Okay. Okay, you and you're good presumably moving your head and &gt;&gt; I'm good at moving my head and I'm good with my hands and stuff like that but Liston's brainy. And hitting other people's heads. It's funny cuz his name's Liston right like Sonny Liston. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But no interest in boxing at all. No, no. Um what about you then? How's How's it all gone so far? This is fight number four coming up for you on Friday. For me I I don't I don't think you've actually lost a round, have you? No. No, definitely not. Happy to be back in the Hydro as well. Obviously the debut was a special night and I'm just looking to like relive that and until we can bring a show back to Edinburgh which I think now with me and my brother once we build our platforms and our fan bases a little bit more it won't be long until there's boxing back in the capital of Scotland. And you'll get to see the beautiful city Edinburgh as well as Glasgow. I want to say I I keep hearing about the the lovely castle. Oh man, the castle, Arthur's Seat, the High Street, everything about it is just very special. Our boxing gym looks onto Edinburgh Castle. Okay. So like when we're lacing up our gloves or boots and stuff to get into our ring you can actually see Edinburgh Castle so tell myself like before every training session that one day I'll make history and do what nobody's ever done before and fight in that castle. You really love that place, don't you? I love the way you're just like, "Oh yeah, we've got a lovely High Street as well." Like Well, Glasgow's great but it's not a capital city, is it? No, no, it's not. No, it's not. So big night for the Arthur family because Macklin Arthur makes his professional debut. I mean how do you feel about that? Oh, it's good. I mean it kind of feels like I've got two fights now. Yeah. Because every time my brother fights I feel like I'm fighting as well. So I'm going to need to try and keep calm when I'm in the changing room and getting ready for my fight as my wee brother fights but he's very professional and he he knows exactly what he's doing and he knows how to carry himself and he can really fight so I've got no no nerves for him. That that is interesting though the whole idea because I've seen this over the years with fighting brothers on the same show. I remember the the Smith brothers all on together. Moses and Tamer and Carol and Tamer were on together as well. It can change the whole dynamic and the whole thinking. You've got You're not just thinking about yourself and fighting now. &gt;&gt; no, I'm not. We've I mean we boxed in like Scottish championships and stuff together but amateurs are a little bit different. Obviously Macklin is 19. He's out as a man. He'll be fighting other men and he didn't get to do that in amateurs so that's a new experience for me as well cuz usually I just fight another boy but this time I'm going to have to see him fight another man and it kind of just like gets me like a bit reeled up cuz you just want I'm a I'm his big brother, you know, I I want to go in there and do the fighting for him. But he's a man now so he'll do it himself. I love it. That's Listen, that's a great insight. Tell us what's going to happen in your fight then on Friday. It's going to be a spectacular performance. It's my first six rounder but I'm not planning on it going that long. Love it. Best of luck to you, mate. &gt;&gt; Thanks very much. Appreciate it. Cheers.