Kind: captions Language: en Hold him. &gt;&gt; Zack, what a fight. Potential fight of the year contender. What is it like to be a part of it? &gt;&gt; Absolutely fantastic. These are the nights I want to be in, especially in my hometown. The crowd brought it. New venue for Queensbury. And it was loud in there. What a fight it wasn't. I got the best version of Leon Woodstock tonight. He come, he brought in a fight. I brought it. And what a fight we had. We'll get on to the fight itself in a moment, but let's just have a quick comment on your supporters and the noise in there because it was roaring, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; It was. It was roaring in there. Last round then you couldn't even hear the last 10, you know. You're just having it, you know. We were just going for it, me and Leon. And I could feel the energy of the crowd pushing me on and I enjoyed it. I go and do it again. &gt;&gt; What's What's that like for non-fighters? What's it like when you're in there? Bright lights are on you, the noises vibrating the ring and everything around you. It must be special. It's the nights that you train for. It's what you dream of as a kid. You know, when you was going watching Ricky and Terry Flanigan, Anthony Crawler down at the Men and that and then now I'm a, you know, I'm a Manchester fighter. Got titles to my name. The stable mate Jack Raf on soon. It It's memorable nights like this and I'll look back when I'm an old man and think I was doing all right. &gt;&gt; It was certainly a special one and one that you ain't going to forget in a hurry. You said you got the best version of Leon Woodstock tonight. I think everyone in the crowd, everyone sat ringside agreed with that. &gt;&gt; The opening part of the fight, it looked like he was really trying to pull you into a dog fight. And there were times when you did get a bit involved. How do you feel about that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I had to. At times I couldn't just stick to me boxing, you know. I had to dig deep and put him in his place a little bit and that's what I done. I had to keep Leon Woodstock at bay and that's what I did. &gt;&gt; Did he surprise you with tactics or with his punching power or his work rate? Anything? &gt;&gt; No, he didn't. He He's just It was nothing I'd not seen before. I was looking at things in there. I was thinking, "Ah, that's what that was working on the gym. That things was coming together for me in there." But no, he was fit. He was strong. He was ready. And it was a very competitive fight, but I was comfortable. &gt;&gt; When you got to your boxing and there were people ringing side screaming, "Zack, stick to your boxing." So, when you were on your feet on your move and then you were just landing those straight right hands down the middle and you were you being really effective with those, you started to really take control of the fight. Did you feel like, you know, kind of was starting to properly sway your way then? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I knew he he was having bursts at the start of the round. You know, I could stick to me boxing, pick him off, dig a few downstairs. The jab to the body was good. And I was varying it up. I was fighting sometimes, holding me feet a little bit, but I think I showed a bit of everything in there. &gt;&gt; Did you feel like you hurt him? &gt;&gt; I think I did. I think I hit him a couple of times. You know, I put him in his place. That's why he didn't start coming as keen. But fair play to him. He can take a shot. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And nothing but respect for him now, I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Nothing but respect for him. nothing but respect for anyone who will fight. You know, I don't call anyone out. I don't badmouth anyone. I'm just here for the big nights and the big fights and hope for some big paydays. &gt;&gt; Of course. Listen, enjoy the rest. You are sensational tonight. Enjoy the win and we'll catch you next time. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much, &gt;&gt; D. Well done. Two and0. How does it feel? &gt;&gt; Feels great. Keep winning. Keep doing the right things. Keep learning. Keep improving. Keep developing. And um yeah, on to the next. Well, I got to tell you, because I do all the commentary for Queensbury, I see a lot of the away corner fighters. In your first two fights, you've had two difficult, strong, awkward fighters who, may I say, are hard to look good against, but you've looked good against both of them. &gt;&gt; What's your comment on that? &gt;&gt; Well, firstly, thank you and um I agree. um when we do our video analysis of you know the opponents and who they fought. Obviously they fought a lot of prospects especially through Queensbury and um to be honest a lot of the times the the boys struggle to to hit these you know the these pros um hard clean and and often and uh I feel like I'm able to do that. Um the stoppages are not quite coming yet but I'm confident they will come and um yeah I'm excited for you know to keep moving forward. What's it like for you? Because you know, you've you've been on the biggest stage in the world at the Olympics and you've you've fought some of the best in the world on the amateur side of the game who are incredibly tidy fighters and do lots very well in a different style. And then you come over to the pros and then you fight people like Artum Sparta who is probably different to anyone you maybe have ever fought. What's it like adapting, you know, that much? &gt;&gt; Certainly different to uh opponents I've fought in the last sort of six, seven, eight, nine years. Um but yeah, I mean it's just about making those adjustments, doing the right things, listen to the team in the corner and um and yeah. Yeah, just sort of trying to execute the game plan the best as possible. &gt;&gt; And what did you learn about yourself in there tonight? &gt;&gt; I just believe I made for this made for the big stage. Obviously, I had a big debut at Bourman Road and I didn't let that phase me. Um I'm on great slots with Queensbury, you know, great timing. So, I'm confident that, you know, there's there's a lot of people watching on television in the arena and um I just believe I perform well under pressure and as obviously the opponents get tougher and the the levels get stopped up, you you you'll continue to see a better version of of me. But you use the word there, pressure. Now, you might be sick of this. Maybe you'll never get sick of this, but the whole Olympic stuff is always going to come up because it's such an incredible achievement. You got the Olympic tattoo. It's on the back of your shorts. when you're being brought to the ring. We're speaking about you being an Olympian and being a medalist and everything else, but I also think that brings some pressure where people expect you to just be knocking people out left, right, and center. Does that ever go through your mind? And how do you deal with that? &gt;&gt; Um, I wouldn't say the pressure certainly doesn't get to me. Um, and and if there is pressure, it's just a pressure and the expectation I put on myself, but uh, you know, the outside noise doesn't it doesn't really phase me. I'm I'm confident in myself. I believe in myself. And I think the thing about me that that stops the pressure from coming is the fact that I know I put a lot of hard work in the gym, you know, I train very diligently. I I live I live the life. Um and listen, you wouldn't you win the Olympic medal if you didn't. So, it's just about making that transition. But the pressure, no, it's just the expectation I put on myself. And um in regards to the knockouts, there's uh what's the saying? There's there's more than one way to skin a cat. I thought it was cat. So, exactly. There's more than one way to skin a cat. And you know the main thing is we're picking up the wins and I'll continue to do that and you know it will be a very very long time I believe until I until I lose if ever. &gt;&gt; So consistency is absolutely key. And last question for me what does next 12 months look like for you? How how does how do you want that to kind of map out? &gt;&gt; First of all keep winning, stay fit, stay healthy and um you know keep listening to the team around me. I've got a great small tight-knit team around me who I I fully trust and believe and you know I I I'll I'll lean on them to give me that career guidance. Obviously got fantastic promoters in Queensbury and an amazing platform in the zone. So very grateful for that and um I believe I've got a great team to take me all the way to the top. Enjoy the win and we'll see you next time. Thank you very much Brad. Good to see you and also good to see things going so well for you. been following your career for a long time and there's been a bit of a dip but now we're on the way up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're back. We're back. About time. Uh yeah, it was a tough few years. Tough few years, but uh lot kept chipping away. I knew that was good enough to get back to the stage and uh look, now's the time to push on now. Getting big fights, chase big titles, and uh yeah, look, I'm happy and I'm confident about the future. Listen, you've been on those TV shows before. You've been on those big shows before. And then there was that time when you were on the small hall scene, you know, and that must have been hard at point. You had to you had to dig deep. Psychologically, how did you get yourself through that and stay positive? Because every time I've spoken to you, you have been incredibly positive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, it was tough because I felt like I felt like I belong at this stage. You know what I mean? I feel like I'm good enough. But that was why I found it so easy to keep going because I knew deep down that I was good enough to get back to this point and it was just a waiting game. I knew there was going to be an opportunity come up at some point. When the opportunity come up, I had to be ready. And uh yeah, look, the the opportunity was European title fight, 3 days notice, you know what I mean? I was ready. Made the way good to go and that led on to obviously picking up the title and now signing Greensbury. So, uh, yeah, look, having that mentality of knowing I was good enough and just had to stay ready for when that opportunity come. It's it's paid off. &gt;&gt; You took that opportunity at a few days notice. There was loads of stuff which happened before that. You win the European title. Now, let's be honest, you didn't have to go into another big dangerous fight straight away, but you chosen to go into a big fight with Lynden Arthur. Why was that? What was the decision making around that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, I've been I've been on the sidelines fighting journeyman for three years. I'm not here to waste time, you know what I mean? I I want to be in these big fights. I want to fight the big names. And for me, Lyndon was the biggest name and was the biggest fight. Obviously, a bit of a local derby, two Manchester lads. Um, it was a no-brainer for me. It was a fight that got me excited. He made the airs on the back of my neck stand up and, you know, I think they're the types of fights I want to be involved in and uh, yeah, I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; How well do you guys know each other? Like, have you done any rounds over the years? like you know you pals how what is that relationship with you and Lyndon? &gt;&gt; Yeah lot I know Lindon well I've known him for years uh I've watched Lyndon since since he was an amateur um we've we've sparred rounds over the years and yeah lot we get on but uh November 1st I find it very easy to look past that and you know for 12 rounds we we won't be friends and you know he he's in my way at the end of the day I'm on a path and he's in my way and and I've got to beat him. Lastly, what can fans expect from your fight with Lyndon November 1st? &gt;&gt; Yeah, every time. Fire works with me every time. Every time. I'm never in a boring fight. Never in a boring fight, which is frustrating about why I can't get these on these big shows cuz I feel like I'm the type of fire people people want to watch. Um, you know, I'm a boxing fan before. I'm a fighter. I'd want to watch me if I was sat at home on the couch. So, look, I want I want to put bums on seats. I want people to get excited. And you know that's the aim of the game and I'm fighting. Oh, what a excite and that's what we're looking to do November 1st. &gt;&gt; Brilliant. Well, we look forward to it. A massively warm welcome to Queensbury. Great to have you on and we really look forward to watching you. &gt;&gt; Man, thank you very much. Cheers, &gt;&gt; Sam. Good to see you. Ringside, the other side of the ropes tonight. How's it making you feel a few weeks out? &gt;&gt; Well, this is the nicer side, is it? This is all right. Everything looks easier from this side, but it's getting me buzzing. He's still got a little while till my next fight. So, it's nice to be back in the atmosphere and I think we're going to get a cracking main event here as well. &gt;&gt; Do you uh do you get the kind of butterflies in your stomach when you're at the boxing? Especially when you got something coming up. Is there any kind of nerves or a different type of energy? &gt;&gt; I think it's more exciting. I think when you hear the fighters walk in and everyone screams and shouts just makes you feel good. takes you back to times and obviously I've done it but I was saying to my family there earlier it's like when you this side you're like I want to be fighting and when you're fighting you're thinking oh no can't wait long to get it over with you know but it's all good fun &gt;&gt; do you prefer doing commentary with me or fighting &gt;&gt; oh the commentary with you is &gt;&gt; of course you did yeah listen look massive massive night coming up something you've been working towards your whole life the opportunities here going to take it with both hands right &gt;&gt; yeah I mean listen we've been working towards it I mean like insane about it since I turned pro trying to get it. Now it's I'm just going to do everything I can within my power to go get it. I'm not going over there to make the numbers up. I'm going to bring it home. &gt;&gt; And preparations are going well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, ticking over nicely. I've been spot a lot. I'm lucky with a lot of Southboards. We had him return on the build tonight. Was unfortunate we left later this morning. I missed missed two I come up to see I missed. But then obviously Jimmy Dean, Frank Wood, I've got loads of Southports we've been ticking over with and when we get 10 weeks out gets a proper sper rounds. Got a got a little crowd going over with you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what? I think once the tickets come out, I reckon I probably just should get over about 100 people, I think. And when you if you've been over there, it's dead quiet, isn't it? Like I think 100 people there is going to be loud, mate. &gt;&gt; Well, all the best. Hope preparations going well and we'll catch you soon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thanks for having me. Cheers. Thanks a lot, &gt;&gt; Jack. Well done. Another win. A little stat for you. Out of the 68 rounds that have been scheduled in your career, you've boxed 25 of them. Tough opponent tonight though, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he was very tough. It's what I was expecting. A tough fight. Brilliant learning curve, brilliant, brilliant experience gained tonight. I enjoyed every second of it. I'll have to watch it back and and see how I done, but thought um I was up by 42. Um I'll have to watch it back though. But like I said, one shot all it takes and I've I've got that power to turn anyone's light out any any time. Um yeah, &gt;&gt; I know you'll know what I mean when I say this, but when I say he came to win, he really genuinely came to win, didn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Yeah. Um he come and tried to take Watchman away from me and I weren't going to let that happen tonight. I've trained too hard, worked too hard to get to where I am today. And um I'm not not going to let no one take that away from me. And yeah, like I said, I'll have to watch it back and see how we're done. But I thought I was up by fours to two. But yeah, he came to win tonight. &gt;&gt; He got through with a with a few shots. How was his hands? Was he heavy-handed? Was it Did he hurt you at any point? Um wouldn't say hurt me no say he was a tough um tough opponent 11 and0 that's what I was expecting a tough fight didn't hurt me had no no momentum [Music] &gt;&gt; yeah he was he was a good opponent though &gt;&gt; with you it's become natural that people say it's not a case of if you knock them out it's a case of when you knock them But good to get some rounds in nevertheless. But are you starting to feel a bit of pressure from that side or for you? Is it just strictly about the boxing to boxing and if it comes it comes? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't ever go looking for the knockout. If it comes it comes, but when I've got some hurt, you don't have to ask Jack Turner twice. I'm coming I'm coming in there once I've got your head to take your head off. &gt;&gt; Did you Did you feel like you were getting to him? Because he was incredibly tough, wasn't he? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. Well, like I said, I need to sit down and watch the fight back. Um, from me other fights, I start quite fast. This one, I knew he was going to be a tough opponent. Um, I wanted to get a few rounds in and, um, and get the experience in and that's what I got today and I've learned a lot in there today and yeah, um, up and on to better things. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Lastly, I know you had a chat with him in the change rooms afterwards. What was what was said between the pair of you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, just said um thank you for taking the fight. Um I respect you a lot. Um I knew it was going to be a tough fight. Um have a safe journey on home while keeping contact. Um he said to me that um I very hard and yeah he said um go fight and yeah I wish him all the best in the future. &gt;&gt; Brilliant. Well enjoy the win. Well done. &gt;&gt; Thank you.