Kind: captions Language: en Marcus five first round knockouts now. That smile says it all. Yeah. Yeah, listen, if I can get them over there and I see blood then they're they're gone. You enjoyed it, right? Yeah, it was good, man. It was really good. I just thought I love these bigger shows though. What a buzz having all the support there as well. It's unreal. You've made a real statement now kind of proving yourself, especially on the Queensberry platform. Last time we saw you against Stephen Nixon. Really, really tall fighter. That knockout knockdown went pretty viral. That was on after the show, after the main event. You've got a big fan base who stick around to watch you and and and to support you, which is amazing. And then on earlier on in the cards and then you put on a performance like that. Frank Warren's watching. What's the message to him? Yeah, listen, um just get back back to the gym, back to the drawing board and see what we can get from there. Just keep my feet on the ground. Don't get too carried away with these stoppages because they're not always going to come like that. So, just get back, stick to boxing and find my strengths from there and progress as a fighter. Have you always been heavy-handed? Yeah, um it's progression in the gym as well learning how to sit down my shots as well. Um yeah, I've always had a a bit of power. But, we've just been building on that and growing from there. And the work which you've been doing with your your coach and the team you've got a great team around you. Big David Jamieson have been training in your camp. Obviously, Reece Reece Lynch as well. How much has that helped you progress as a fighter? It's it's been amazing working with Peter Lynch um and working around Reece. The buzz in the gym for the likes of this fight. We're both bouncing off each other. It's a great buzz and even just taking that and bouncing out sparring the best boys. Um yeah, it's been amazing just progressing every fight camp and up in the opposition each fight camp as well. Yeah. You you'll like this one. I hope you will. Someone ringside I can't don't know who it was. It might have been Adam Smith. It might have been Barry Jones. Not sure. It was somebody near me when you got the finish tonight said, "He's like a Scottish version of Nick Ball." Have you Have you been compared to Nick Ball before? Yeah, yeah, I get I get compared to Nick Ball after the last show and it's it's unreal. Um but, I just need to live up to that hype. Yeah, not going to get carried away with it. Each fight as it comes. Really solid performance. Well done. And we'll see you next time. Yeah, thank you, mate. &gt;&gt; You all started this professional journey at the Peacock Gym. And here you are on a big TV show, live on the zone, Southern Area champion, British champion. What does it mean to you? Uh it means yeah, it means a lot. Uh I've got more in me. I ain't going to stop here, but yeah, it means a hell of a lot being getting where I'm getting to in the time frame. Uh couple months earlier than what we originally planned, you know, on our little on our dream board. You know what I mean? We've got We've gone We've gone further than that. So, really happy. You built yourself on that small hall scene. Many fights at your core. I've seen you there plenty of times. How has that journey helped you become the fighter that that you have? Not everyone wins a British title. You know, that's that's that's quite a statement. Yeah, well that goes to my my manager and trainer Gordon Charlesworth. And also making the matches, getting me the right I mean, I say the right the hard fights, the hard fights that I need to build me up. You know what I mean? Not to make me feel good, but to make me a better boxer. And yeah, I think that's been a massive part of of getting to where I am now. Do you think people expected you to win tonight coming into the lion's den against, you know, a local kind of favorite who had sold a lot of tickets? Do you think people expected you to win that? Anyone who's seen me spar and train, yeah, they knew I was going to win. Everyone else obviously the Scots, so of course they're going to support their man. And yeah, it depends on whether you've seen whether you've seen me train as hard as I train. Everyone knows I train the hardest. So, anyone who's seen it know knew I was going to win or they're going to have to kill me to take me out. You've properly announced yourself now on the scene, especially with that British title around your waist. What does the next few months look like for you? What does the next year look like for you in terms of progression? I'm sure you've got a plan. I'm sure there's people you want to fight. There's other things you want to win. Yeah, well look, I've got a I just had twins 4 weeks ago, twin boys. So, three boys little boys at the minute. It's just been a very, very hard camp to get through. But, obviously my my wife May, she's obviously letting me get get everything I need to get done and supporting me through it. Um and we'll see if they find something soon. I mean, it won't take long to heal up from that and get going. I spar out every week, so I have no issue there. Um but, if it happen if it comes to getting a fight next year in February, we won't go too much further than that cuz I want to keep building. I don't want to lose momentum. Would you like to win that British title outright? Uh whatever whatever I get offered. Whatever I get offered is more I like I want the greatest challenge. Whatever the greatest challenge is that that Gordon will let me have, that's what I'll do. Lastly, what's your message to all those people who supported you on this journey which has been a a roller coaster and well, has ended up with you with you winning a British title. What's the message to them? You're mental. Coming to Glasgow party back at the house as we all know. Um but, yeah, you guys unbelievable. I can still hear you every time anytime I heard them I heard you getting loud get just as loud as them and there's so many more. Absolutely amazing to come and spend the time with me. Uh to come over is I just unbelievable. Well done. Terrific. Thank you very much. Alex Hello. Solid performance. How did you assess it? It was great. I mean, I thought it was a good performance. Tough opponent. Um the way that I felt like he came to fight allowed me to show a little bit more of what I can do compared to my pro debut. So, it was nice to come out the ring feeling like I showed everybody a little bit more of what I've got in my artillery. So, I'm happy with my performance. On the lead-up to your debut I had a chat with you and you said we spoke about Robbie Chapman who was your your opponent who's known as one of the toughest away corner fighters about. I knew it. Yeah, you can speak to him. Yeah. Terrible haircut. But, you said my dad was great at breaking down his journey when he's away corner fighters and I'm going to do exactly the same. Tonight we witnessed that. Yeah, tonight we witnessed that and I feel like you're never going to finish and touches on it, but as soon as I go into these eight round, 10 rounders, you're definitely going to start see some some brilliant stoppages. Well, I was working ringside with Josh Taylor and Zack Merritt tonight. And one of the things that we picked up on was the amount that you have pro you've progressed and how your levels have gone up in between one fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like what have you been doing? &gt;&gt; That was my That was my 20 That was my 29th fight tonight. I had I had 27 amateur fights. People forget that. Like I started really late. Um I've been just really been learning in the gym. So, that's where my experiences came from. I got onto the Scotland team uh with like 14 fights under my belt. I was competing internationally against guys with hundreds of fights. So, I learned hard, but I learned quick. Um and I feel like with now the Queensberry platform and stuff if I get busy and active, man, I'm going to be a problem for anybody within the next year. Absolutely. Absolutely on you know, on what we saw on display tonight after two fights. Josh mentioned about, you know, you won it was five national titles, wasn't it? One Yeah, four four four national titles and one was novice. And one of the things he spoke about is kind of how that would have helped you grow in those foundations. And that was another thing which was picked up on is how well you did those foundational things. There's a solid base there. Yeah, the basics. Basics your bread and butter. Like Floyd Mayweather says, "Steak and potatoes for life." You had your dad in the corner tonight. Last time it was Adam Booth, you know, amazing coach. Never going to get that relationship like father and son. He was actually in there tonight. What that was What was that like? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Adam was Adam was great. Uh massive massive thanks to Adam um for my debut. My dad couldn't be in the corner on the my debut just due to the not getting his license in time, but he was in there tonight and it was just it it was great cuz my last few fights as an amateur as well were for the Scott on Scotland team and he wasn't in my corner there either. Uh so, to have him back in the corner tonight was special. It was it was really good. Very familiar and I mean, it's the most trustable voice that I know. Uh it's the only voice I've ever listened to really as well. So, it was good to have him back. You've got a a good natural confidence about you and one of the things that your dad said after your debut was, "Of course he has. He's been around confident his whole life." Do you feel like they're going to have to be quite clever with the way that they match you and maybe hold you back a little bit? Um I mean, how would you anticipate kind of the next couple of years going? I I mean, just I'll see who they line up and I'll knock them down. I like I'll fight anybody. Confidence comes from preparation and you can't as Willie Hutchinson said something the other week there. He was like you can't come into the sport and be like ready to say no to a fight. You know what I mean? It's boxing. It's what you do. You fight. So, I mean, if you're not if you're not ready or not willing to fight anyone, you're in the wrong sport. Absolutely. Well said. And the last thing is this is a second big show that we've had in Scotland in a in a matter of month. Thanks to Queensberry, but also thanks to all of you guys because you're great fighters, fantastic prospects, exciting the fans are great. How important is it that Queensberry and Big Time Boxing keeps coming to Scotland? Massive because I mean, you see like all of us perform so well and it's something we just never really got given the platform to do it, but now I feel like we've got like I mean, I could name five or six off the top of my head like that. But, I mean, the the depth in this country's huge for such a small nation. Um but, it's good that we're getting that exposure now and we're able to show it to everybody. Well done. Really, really solid performance and we'll catch you next time. I appreciate it. Cool. Professional debuts. First 100 fighters, how they'd like theirs to go. I reckon 99 of them would say they'd want to stop it in the first round. That's exactly how yours went. Well, to be fair, I wasn't even looking for the stoppage, to be honest. That was not planned at all. I was supposed to go up there and throw a jab. I threw about three jabs. It's exactly where he hurt me, right back into the head. And I threw that and just kept throwing at him. Obviously, I picked up a cut, a little cut in the fight, but I think that's it. What was it like? Big TV show, walking out, bright lights, loads of noise. Well, I was I was sat there indoors being It's It's real now, you know what I mean? When I walked out, that song came out with the Glenn in Scotland. Oh, it was It's something I felt I never felt a buzz like it in my life. I was physically felt like I was on planet nine. A couple of fights ago, you were in the Pueblo Center in Colorado. I was there. I commentated on your fight at the under-19 World Championships. You cruised through to that gold medal. Now you're a pro. How different is it? Listen, it's a lot different. I'm living the lifestyle now, you know what I mean? Training full-time, not not doing nothing else, not going to work or nothing. So, now I'm living life as a boxer. In there, I'm going to say 50 times better than I'm I'm not just I'm not telling everyone to turn pro, but it's a lot better, I'll tell you that now. You got a massive intro from Thomas Treiber. Not all debutants get that sort of intro. You've got Frank Warren, Shelly Finkel backing you. But that also comes with a little bit of pressure, right? Yeah, of course. I wouldn't say it's pressure. I put pressure on myself. I put pressure on that walkout, to be fair. You know what I mean? I put pressure on myself, to be honest. And I thrive off pressure, to be fair. Pressure is perfect for me. How How do you see yourself progressing? Do you want to How many fights do you want to have in the next 12 months? Five, six fights? As many as possible. Physically, line them up, I'll put them down. That's the end of that. You want to keep pushing and just stay active. Just keep fighting, yeah. Well done. Really, really good professional debut. We look forward to seeing you next time. Thank you very much. Reece, solid performance in with a well-known tricky customer. He looked tricky from where we were sat in the commentary position. How tricky was he inside the ropes? Yeah, he was difficult. Um just kind of He was good at He's good at what he does, do you know what I mean? Um he's there He's there to get paid. He's there to get paid next week as well. So, he's trying He's wanting us to stay in there. And I hurt him a few times, but maybe I just got a bit too eager on trying to get in too close rather than just keeping it long and picking my shots. Um I landed some nice shots, and then I maybe just smothered that or or let him smother me a bit too much. But overall, a good performance. Um got the six rounds in. Uh but obviously, I I I wanted I wanted to get him out of there. I know you did. You You could see it. We were speaking about it on commentary. But one of the things I wanted to pick up on was Josh Taylor said about how much he would have learned from an opponent like that and a fight like that. And he called it an acid test. How much did you learn in that fight? Because, you know, you were You wanted to get him out of there. Didn't quite get there. You were close, but there must have been lots of learning on the way. Yeah, definitely. But a lot of stuff, obviously, like I said, just obviously keeping my space. Um Different things to work on inside. Like inside, maybe I I let my head get in a bit too much as well. I took a couple head clashes that I didn't really need to take. Um I could kind of work out like like Dan Scofield and stuff like that, the way they do it, you know what I mean? They don't take stupid head clashes. So, yeah, a lot of stuff to work on in the gym, but um I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll go back. I'll work on it, and I'll be better the next time as well. Well, you had a a dream debut, didn't you? You know, that was an unbelievable liver shot. You've just kind of that had another very, very solid performance. Do you feel like there's any pressure on you now? You're a Commonwealth gold medalist. Um How does How does the pressure feel? Is it Do you feel like there's an expectation for you to get a guy out of there um who's in the away corner fighter? Or you putting that stuff to the back of your mind and kind of just slow and steady on your own journey? Yeah, um not not so much pressure. Maybe more more just pressure from myself. Like um I don't think Commonwealth medals and and world medals and that really really matter. Um in the pros, I don't I don't I don't feel pressure from anyone else. I just I want to be taking guys out, you know what I mean? Like I want to be showing everybody that I can hurt people and stuff like that. So, I did hurt him, but I just couldn't get him out of there. But it was a good performance anyway. Um but I I'd like to start kind of pushing on, fighting guys that are going to come to win as well. Um do you know what I mean? Maybe start pushing for title fights in a couple fights. And And then um fight fighting some some come forward opponents or some people that are coming to win. You say about, you know, those medals don't matter as as much. Uh one of the other conversations that we on the commentary table was about the kind of differences between amateur boxing and pro boxing. I guess my first question is is um How How are you How have you found that kind of adapt adapting from the amateur side of it to the pro side of it? Cuz Josh was saying that on the lead-up to your debut, you guys did some rounds, and he was teaching you a few bits and pieces that you can do and get away with in the pros that you can't get away with in the amateurs. But what's that experience been like for you in the first couple of fights? Yeah, it's been good. Um it's It's just slowly coming together, do you know what I mean? Like Thank you. Yeah, it's just slowly coming together. Like just putting putting it all in place like one by one. Obviously, working on it in the gym. So, still stuff to work on. Like not trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] load up with every shot or where you can you can kind of touch touch touch and then sink the shot, which is something I wasn't really doing tonight. I was trying to land the big shot. So, it's setting up the shots more rather than try to just land the big shot. Um but obviously, that's something that Josh is brilliant at. Um Jo- Josh Josh knew how to touch touch touch and then sink a big shot. So, it's just putting it all together. And we'll on it and keep drilling it in the in the gym, and then it'll come together in there. You're trained by your brother. What was What was his reaction as you come back in the rounds? Was he Was he pleased with the performance, especially at the end? Yeah, he was pleased. He was pleased. It was a good performance. Um I think he kind of thought I was going to get him out as well at some point. Like I was hurting him, and you could see he was hurting. Like at one point, I I had him to the body. And I kind of tried to put it on him a bit, and he got a hold of me. And the way he was holding me like he was He was He was so clever at that, wasn't he? He [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasn't letting go, I'll tell you that much. I couldn't get him off me. I was like, "Fucking hell." He was just squeezing me. So, yeah, it's stuff like that. He knows what he's doing. And I give him credit, man. He's He's a tough, tough guy. I guess you're going to be back in the gym probably at some point in the next week and get ready for another fight. Yeah, definitely. I'm hoping to be out in um I I hope to kind of get out in December or something like that. I want to be out again this year. So, hopefully Queensberry can get me out on another show. Um maybe down south or something this time. Go down England. Well, you said that my last question was going to be or I guess statement was is sat there with Josh Taylor, one of the greatest Scottish fighters ever tonight. And he was talking about how good Scottish boxing is right now. And a big part of it is because there's been big shows being put on in Scotland, which doesn't happen often. We've had two in the space of a few months. How important for you as a as a fighter from this this area of the United Kingdom is it that there are shows being put on in this place? Yeah, very important. Um cuz we We don't really have a lot of shows up here. Um We've had a like a good few this year. Um all all thanks to like Josh and the financial stuff like that. So, it's actually it's good to like be back at home. I mean, as an amateur, I boxed all over the country. I never really boxed at home. The closest I got to home was Birmingham for the games. And even And that wasn't home, but it felt like home cuz everybody could come watch. So, having shows up here, it's it's brilliant. It can't beat that. And having my first two fights as a pro in Scotland is is class. Um obviously, I need to go and do do some some shows down in down south as well. So, hopefully get out there very soon again. Um next year anyway. And And And get Keep it Keep it rolling. Long may it continue. We love Scotland. Reece, you were brilliant. Enjoy the rest of your evening. Brilliant. Thank you very much. Well, the hype train arrived in Glasgow, and it had a party when it arrived. Where's next step? Hopefully I'm Riyadh. I want to be in Riyadh. I want to be in these big shows, world titles. Look, people say about fighters when they're doing well, they look like they're enjoying themselves. You couldn't look like you're having a better time. I'm home. Listen, just happy to be back in that ring, getting them rounds in, and got the knockout against a great fighter. I'm just very I'm content. I'm happy. But it's world champion. Definitely. Yeah. You showed the levels tonight. And then you said at the end, no disrespect to Jeffers, who was, you know, a tough man and and went up a weight category to take this fight on. But you're looking for a contest where, you know, the levels are are more equal. That's it, exactly. Listen, it's going to be very difficult to find someone more equal than me because I believe I'm a superstar. I'm All I'm interested in is these world titles. Benavidez, Buatsi, or whoever else has got them world titles who I'm interested in. But Buatsi, I want Buatsi to win next, and I want him next. If it's not him, fair enough, whoever. Been out of the ring for just over a year. Certainly didn't look like there was any ring rust. How did you feel? Unbelievable. What did you think? Unbelievable. Exactly. [Music] In the post-fight interview, Debu used a a phrase. He said there's unfinished business with Buatsi. Do you feel that you'd beat him in that rematch? Listen, I need that rematch, and I definitely. It's all in God's hands. I leave it all to God. I prayed in there before I went in there. I knew how dangerous it was going to be tonight, and I prayed for my opponent that he comes out all all right tonight. I really did. I promise you before winning the ring. We could see how much that meant to you. You almost kind of collapsed at the end of it in that corner. The way I've been in my life 6 months ago. Unbelievable. Been a tough time. Been very tough. Yes. And that victory is made things better. Not just made things better. It's just I'm happy in myself. Forget about the win. Forget about life. This is 40 minutes. I trained to be 9 years old. 40 minutes of work. And it's That's not what makes me. What makes me is is Look at everyone around me. Everyone's happy cuz I'm doing what's right. And I'm just finally showing what I'm capable of. I know you're you've been pretty vocal on a name in particular in Ben Whittaker and said that he belongs on the Misfit shows. Correct me if I'm wrong, but people are going to want to see you guys together because it's two contrasting characters. You're both entertaining in the ring in different ways. &gt;&gt; Let's Let's do it next. You do it. &gt;&gt; Why not? But him, I'm not interested in him. But what I see are world titles. If he comes along, perfect. He can be a fight before Buatsi or before Buatsi. Forget about Buatsi. Even if Buatsi never happens again, I would love it, but if it don't happen, it's fine. Ben Whittaker can be next. You've had some journey. You really have, you know, great amateurs and a roller coaster in the pros. And like you said, people have stuck by you. There's a There's a team of people to thank there, isn't there? Surely Bingham, Merkel Wolf, me family, me wife, me dad. A lot. John Thompson. Merkel Wolf is the man who I owe my life to, never mind boxing. Listen, you were superb tonight. Well done. Enjoy it and we'll see you next time. Yes. Thank you. Cool. Okay. Um Drew. Really, really good performance, mature performance, and in a venue which means something as well. It's where your dad won the British title and where his last fight was. How was it tonight? Just done a bit of this. As you said, this place has got history for me and my family, but I I just It's weird. This is the first time I feel as if I was going in there fighting and enjoying it. And I just I felt I just felt good in there. And the boy was dead awkward trying win hard, but as as soon as I landed, I just knew that was it. You seem to have progressed a lot since your last fight as well. You know, there was You've gone up another level there. Josh Taylor, who was on commentary with me, was very complimentary of you. How does that make you feel, I guess? Class man. Josh is a legend in this sport. Like see what it is? The I've got a second name, right? And a lot of people just see that, but I'm I'm no punch smoker in my back seat here, but I I'm a good I don't know the amateurs No, the amateurs Listen, there's people that know me in amateurs, but I've been here I've been here a few major tournaments. I've I've only been beat a few times in amateurs. I've beat really good boys in amateurs, so it's not as if I just walked in here a pro ring. I've been doing this since I was 11, so it's At first, people just see the name, but hopefully now Sorry, mate. Hopefully now, mate, um some of this is not happening in my life right here, but I'm happy this one's over. Hopefully now, there's a bit of hype going on and people just look past the second name and see the talent. Absolutely. And Scottish boxing is is booming and we've spoken to many of the the fighters um around that. But how how do you want to progress personally? Kind of what does the next few months look like for you? Do you want to stay busy? Do you want to be active? Is there a particular title you want to get your hands on? What What is What does your kind of progression look like in your eyes? Um Listen, I just leave that up to my team and my coach, Joe Ham. Joe just lines them up and I'll try and knock them down, but um there's a lot of like youth titles going about now and I think I'd love to get my hands on one of them, but as I'm only 19 years old, there's no rush. I'm not sitting here going, oh I need to fight for titles now. I'm I think Joe Joe tells me who to fight, I'll fight them. And that's that's it. Well, look, you're a young man, long, long journey ahead. Looking good. Enjoy it. Enjoy every single moment of it. And we'll look forward to seeing you next time you're out. Thank you, mate. Thank you so much. Aston, what a journey, but let's just start with this. Four fights, four wins by knockout. One of them you were went to someone's backyard and got the stoppage when nobody thought you were going to do it. What year? I don't know, mate. Unbelievable, isn't it? Just shows you when you change your life around and dedicate yourself to boxing, which I done for many years when I was younger, but I was this way away, but you dedicate yourself again, I can show how good I really am. I mean, I know I know what I'm about. I've got another tower to carry. I'm just getting on these big stages and showing it. You said I've showed it in the last three, four fights. You said all week You said when we launched this event, demolition job, demolition job, demolition job. Lots of fighters say lots of things. A lot of the time, it doesn't come to fruition. It doesn't happen. It was a demolition job. &gt;&gt; Yeah, mate. I don't As I said before, I don't say things I can't do. Cuz I just won't say them then. Where does that confidence come from? I just believe in my ability, mate. I've been I've been in this game a long time. I mean, I've been a boxer for like 26 years, you know what I mean? I've been a highly decorated amateur, you know what I mean? Boxing the world series, the boxing union. The list goes on, you know what I mean? And I know my ability. I know my skill skills. So do a lot of people. But it's just getting on these stages and showing it. But I believe I'm made for these stages, you know what I mean? Um I don't get I just smile when I look at that ring, you know what I mean? I believe I'm made for this and I enjoy every single moment cuz again, as I said up there, maybe I wouldn't be here, you know what I mean? But I'm I'm loving life right now, you know what I mean? And I'm on I'm on a good run. I'm getting back to good form, you know what I mean? I might be 34, but I'm a young 34. You've traveled around the world as an amateur and represented your country and done some amazing things. Like you said, you're 34, but I I guess age is just a number. What What does the the next few months look like for you? What sort of fights do you want to be in? I know you'll fight anyone. I know you will, but there must be some particular people that was things that you're aiming for. I want I want a shot at the British title. I want a winner I come with and I doubt um whether that happens, I don't know. But that's what I'll be shouting for because I I believe I've I deserve my shot, you know what I mean? I know there's other fighters in line who want the shot and stuff like that, but again, I'm putting on performances on big platforms. I'm climbing my way up the rankings, the British rankings, and I deserve a shot, you know what I mean? I deserve my my shot at the British title at least. Um or then or on any other recognized title. Um but really, I want to deal with Queensberry, you know what I mean? Cuz I want to I want to box again on these big platforms. And not even just back in Scotland. I'd like to travel again, Ireland, you know what I mean? I'd like to go travel. I'm I'm not scared to go anywhere and I'm not scared to fight anybody, so may the journey continue. You are You're entertainment on tap. Your style is just it is entertaining. And the last four fights have all ended in stoppages. You kind of burst onto the kind of professional scene on you know, especially on that last performance on that last Queensberry show. Have you always boxed like that? Um I have also got a sort of unorthodox style, you know what I mean? Um I can I can I can always I've always been able to punch, you know what I mean? I've always It's more probably my Merkel shots I set up, my low hands, the angles I create, the angles I throw shots at. And I know how to turn well and stuff like that, so but I've always been able to punch. I've always said that from day one. At the beginning of my pro career, it was like five fights and no stoppages and people were going, oh, maybe he can't punch that. And then boom, I just I got a bit of form, you know what I mean? I get back I came back into boxing. I got a bit of form. I got a bit of momentum behind me. And as I said, I said minute views and people come to fight, they'll go to sleep. Last four opponents that came to fight They came to give it a go. And they've all been knocked out, you know what I mean? Demolition job. Lots of people will be aware of your story. You've been to some dark places before, but you are living proof of somebody who dedicates and changes their lives and can end up winning titles, been on big TV shows under the bright lights. There might be people watching this in a similar situation to what you were in. What's What's the message to them? It's never over, man, you know what I mean? Listen, I'm just a normal guy like anybody else. I just happen to be a professional boxer, but I'm just a normal guy like anybody else. I'm no different. I'm no better than anybody, you know what I mean? Anybody can come back fighting. I'm willing to prove it. And I hope I can give some people inspiration to maybe even turn their life around or get clean and sober or whatever it is they're trying to do, if they're trying to change, you know what I mean? And again, I'm always open to people reaching out and talking to me because I'm I'm willing to help, you know what I You are You're inspirational. Well done. Terrific once again. And we'll see you see you again for another demolition job. See you soon, mate. Thank you. I appreciate you.