Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for 10 rounds and will be for the WBA Continental and Commonwealth Silver Cruiser Championships brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red and Uni Bet. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge Dean Haulington along with the World Boxing Association, President Hilberto Mendoza Jr., Championship Supervisor Dennis Gil Martin, timekeeper Nick White. Our three judges assigned will be Jeppe Porteron of Italy, Salvador Salva of Spain, and Bob Williams of England. Our referee in charge will be Marcus McDonald of England. [Music] Introducing to you first fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing Blackwood Gold and weighed in officially at 14 stone 2 lbs. Hailing from right here, London, England. He has a professional record of six wins and just one defeat. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the reigning and defending Commonwealth Silver Cruiserweight Champion, the mighty Oak, Lewis Oakford. [Applause] And his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing black trunks. And we did officially at 14 stone, 3 lb. Hailing from Penge, London, England. He has a professional record of eight wins, just one defeat. Seven of his eight wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending WBA Continental Cruiserweight Champion, Alo the Animal Junior. Right. I spoke your vote in the press room will not expect outlaw professionals at all times. Obey my instructions. Watch your head begin. Any questions? Let's go to work. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Marcus McDonald lays down the orders. Lewis Oakford potentially a weather warning surrounding him here in the Wembley Arena right now. A storm might be brewing perhaps in keeping with the weather outside as Alloys Junior comes out of the other corner. A spectacular run of seven knockout wins in a row. But it was the following victory which perhaps left the biggest smile on his face and created the biggest interest in all Junior so far. The points win over Aronzo Biri, the previously unbeaten. Batt over 10 rounds as though he'd proven to himself that he's more than just a big hitting slugger. I think it's too soon to make any judgment, Richie. 21y old. I know he's quite ferocious, but he's a ferocious baby for me just at the moment. &gt;&gt; This last contest I thought was was a great learning one for him, Paul. Yes, he's a big punchy. He's got the ability to knock an opponent out with with either hand. And look at that for a shot. Oh, here we go, Paul, as we've just spoken. &gt;&gt; But yes, right hand over the top there, but he's also got a really good left up for the last contest when he went 10 rounds. You know, that will give him even more confidence that he can go the distance over the 10. And yes, he's developing into quite an explosive um young man indeed at the age of 21. A massive future. But can Lewis Hopeford derail him here? &gt;&gt; Can this Oak stand up to the storm? &gt;&gt; Especially on a day like today, Paul. &gt;&gt; Just have a look at the photographs of my garden. Richard, &gt;&gt; good win last time. Deon Miller over 10 for Lewis Oldford. And uh I understand that Alloys Jr. has been sparring Miller in recent times. That's good match planning, isn't it? And he said, "I've learned plenty about what I'm facing here tonight." Oakford is 33 years of age, so I can't even call him a slow burner in his career today. But &gt;&gt; he he's a more than capable at his level. I'm not sure he's ever been hit as hard as this. &gt;&gt; Well, the key for him, Paul, is the movement. He's got to keep moving. And he can't just keep going moving round to his left cuz he'll walk onto that right hand over the top. So, he's got to vary his movement. He's got to step off to the right occasionally, his right. There you go. That's the only way he's got to move cuz away from that that right hand of Alloys Junior. But it's movement that's key now for Oakford just so he can settle into the contest. He's taking too many risks. That wasn't too bad from him, but he's taking too many risks when he lets his hands go and he holds his feet. Got to keep moving. Got to get off them ropes. &gt;&gt; Some brave words at the press conference on Thursday. You may be the animal, but I'm going to turn you into a little kitten here tonight, said Oakford. He's shown good willingness. He's not overruled by the occasion. I'll give him credit for that. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Does emerge with some credit from the opener. &gt;&gt; Do what you want. You ain't going to lock up every single time. There's more big right hands and left hands and jabs there. [Music] &gt;&gt; Take your time as you are. Okay. Like Le said, sharp face. Same as a jab. Even if the jab doesn't land, it'll force the reset. Yeah. More jabs, more clear. It'll make those right hands eas. [Music] &gt;&gt; Welcome back everybody. The debrief. Sean Nos as uh just handed over the baton if you like to Sam who'll be coming into the ring and our chief support here tonight later at Wembley. That cracking match at lightweight against Ryan Walsh. And now we have Alloys Jr. center stage. A little flee in his ear actually in the corner there Richie after the end of that first round from Ben Davidson. He ran something like this. Take your time and let's see you jump. Yeah, wise words from his coach there to set up the attack, set up these big punches behind that lead hand. I thought there was some good glimpses from Lewisford in that previous round. He's not scared to occasionally counterattack so he stays on the outside. Then he then he just steps forward and beats Allah Jr. to the punch and tries to catch him out. So, it's fairly decent, but like I said, early on here, the movement will be definitely key, and that's why we may see Alice Jr. try and get up close and work his body to slow those feet down. Let's wait and see. But a couple of good glimpses from Oford, but he lost the first round. He's lost the most important fight to date in his career before this one for the Southern Area Cruiserweight title, but he's an absolute novice at the age of 33. Albe it Richie clearly a man with ability. It's just that his career has been uh unfathomable in the sense of how do you how do you follow the the twists and turns and the stoppages to progress etc. the time out &gt;&gt; couple of little faults. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, a couple of little faults in his style, Paul. Occasionally when he's throwing that right hand, he just brings his right leg forward and comes square. Like I said, it happens to a lot of fighters. um mainly when they're too far out and they actually bring their their their rear leg through after they're throwing the back hand and occasionally he's done that and he's got away with it. But Alloys Junior, you know, he's skillful and he will caught on to that. That's a big right hand from him. Now he's got to move over. That was a good shot. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Think he felt the weight of that. &gt;&gt; But Junior did give him a moment to compose himself again. See them are the shots that will take their toll. That left hand to the body then from Alloys Jr. any moving boxer taking punches like that. And again that's going to slow those feet down. And once the feet slow and the movement is reduced that's when all Junior then will will literally pick him off with those bigger shots. So he's got to protect that body as Oford doesn't need to be sloppy. Try and keep the the boxing at distance mid to long range and keep the movement going. That will make things awkward for our union. [Applause] I'm looking a lot of Oakford's early work in this fight with a sense of if only if only he'd actually committed fully earlier in his life from 33 because a decent set of tools to work with. &gt;&gt; I think you're right, Paul. I think you've definitely got decent tools to work with. Now he's coming [Applause] [Music] up [Music] too much to the body to bring up far remaining. &gt;&gt; Welcome back to Wembley everybody. The magnificent seven. We're getting into the uh part of the action tonight here on TNT Sports. Alloys Junior at cruiserweight. perfect over the last what year, year and a half after that fairly unorthodox introduction to professional boxing. Brought in at one day's notice as the so-called loser in inverted commas against Michael Shujinski and he was down in his very first pro round. That didn't bode particularly well. He did indeed go on to lose the fight, but everybody was startled by what they'd seen of virtually no background and in certainly professional terms and what within a week or two he was under contract to Queensboro promotions. Then the seven in a row all inside. This is a very quick night's work before the win over Alonzo Biri. &gt;&gt; That puts him on the map internationally at least a little bit. The WBA Continental title. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's a good shot. That was a hurtful punch. Paul, that right hand downstairs. Yes, the really set the ball rolling there. That was a big punch from Alloys Jr. with that right hand. Big swinging left and got out the way of it as best he could, but not well enough. Alawish Jun showing all his inexperience again there. He's wasted 4 seconds at least in the count. Marc conducts the count and it might make all the difference. It does. Oakford back on his feet because Junior got completely distracted. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I'll tell you what, Per could be just he could be one punch away from victory here. &gt;&gt; Just got to take his time. But there he is. &gt;&gt; Shot that is caught it off Marcus McDonald. Well done referee. He is at least stopped on his feet do definitely there now Lewis Oak but the power was way too much. The oak didn't fall but his roots were nearly pulled out of the ground there. What a good performance that was from Junior. The way he did it. He set his attacks up behind that jab of his and actually started that round was doing quite well using his double jab maintaining that gap but he just lapsed in concentration and just came just above us Paul onto the ropes. Alloys Junior caught him with a terrific right hand to the body and we've said it time and again a good moving boxer. You target that body you slow those feet down and he really felt it. He then sat on the ropes and then Alloys Junior just moved in with those bigger shots. A good left hook went in there and it was a good finish. We said he was one punch maybe away from victory and he just delivered it. He timed it right. Lovely right hand over the top and again for only his 10th contest. That's an impressive performance from Alloys Jr. &gt;&gt; There's so much to like about him. His personality. He seems such a gentle person outside the ring. Absolutely ferocious mentality which is required as a professional boxer of course. But there's the almost endearing novicey work in there, isn't there, as well, Rich? &gt;&gt; I mean, some excellent work. Here's this left hook. That was the But he'd already landed a good right hand to the body before that. But this was more or less the finishing punches that get get This is where he got the count and then there's the right hand. There's the left hook there. So, that's what got him the count. And then he finished his opponent off before that. But Paul, you know what I liked about him in this performance? He didn't rush. He didn't go tear after on that front foot too fast. He wasn't um reckless with his feet in terms of the speed. He just slowed down, picked his shots. That's the one that finished it off. And the referee comes in after that shot there. There he is, the referee. And I just thought it was a good all round performance from Alloys Jr. because he took his time. And yes, from someone who's only had nine contests, that was another really good display from him. [Music] The crowd rather liked it. Here's Thomas Driver to confirm the outcome. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 39 seconds of round number three. Our referee in charge. Marcus McDonald stops the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout. still WBA Continental Champion and the new Commonwealth Silver Cruiserweight Champion, Alo the Animal Jr. [Music] [Applause]