Kind: captions Language: en On February 7th, this man here can change his life. He is moving one step closer to world title glory. Andrew Kane has a final eliminator for the WBC world bantamweight title. Andrew, good to see you, my friend. &gt;&gt; On you, mate. &gt;&gt; It's coming, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Day in just a few few little Saturday nights away now. &gt;&gt; It feels like this uh the whole thing's getting closer. The last time we saw you was against Charlie Edwards. As much as that wasn't the greatest fight to watch, you came away with the win, which put you a step closer to your to your dream. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Yeah, it was frustrating that night. It was uh you know, I was at this st there to try and hold back the frustration, which was probably a bigger challenge for me than going in there than having a a hard fight with someone to be honest with you because that that's normal to me. I want to fight. I want to I want to box. I want to, you know, be in these fights. So for me to hold back me frustration in that fight was probably I was more proud of that than I would have been just going out and demolishing someone really because for me that was that was harder than just having a having a a tail up &gt;&gt; really that that's I guess you had new factors in there for the first time in one of your fights. People are booing. They're not booing you. They're just booing. Nothing's really happening. Right. &gt;&gt; Charlie was that &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think the DJ sort of trolled him as well. Play played a song about running away and stuff like that. But um yeah that so that you found that actually quite difficult and you were proud of the performance because you didn't lose your head. &gt;&gt; Well yeah I was I was proud that I I was able to hold back the frustration cuz it was it was it was there. You know I want to go in I want to knock people out and I want to I want to hurt them badly. You know this is my life they're trying to take away from me. So I want to go in and take take it away from them in a in a devastating fashion. So for me to have to chase someone around like that all night and and not just go just just say effort and just go for him which was was difficult for me. So I was not proud of but when I look back I was I was happy that I was able to do that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How would there a lot of people that would have thought that I couldn't do that to be honest. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Him included I think. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cuz I guess he was trying to frustrate you ultimately. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think so mate. Yeah. I think I think he also I don't like to think that that was was his tactic for the full fight. I'd like to think that um I'd like to think I mean that he that he was going he was possibly trying going to do that for seven or eight rounds and then he was hoping that I was going to tire and then he was going to push on but when I was standing there in the seventh and the eighth and I'm looking at him and he knows I've got plenty left and this isn't going to work. I think that's when he decided to carry on running. I don't like to think he would have that was his tactics for the full fight because he wants to see that. You know what I mean? It's it's embarrassing if if that was the case but I don't think it was. cuz I think he was hoping I'd tire or I'd get frustrated. &gt;&gt; How would a younger Andrew Kane have dealt with that situation then? Do &gt;&gt; you know what? Um I probably would have I probably would have showed a bit more frustration, but ultimately I would have I would have stayed calm because this is serious what I'm doing and I'm not going to I'm not going to lose me ragging and lose me head and and throw this away because I can't. You know, this means everything to me. So for me to go into a fight and do that, I don't think it would have mattered whether I was 18 or whether I was 28. I don't think it would have mattered. Definitely. &gt;&gt; I want to talk to you a little bit about the younger Andrew Kane cuz you're at this point now. You're 29 years old. You're on the cusp of big things. Couple of wins. You've changed your life, but it feels like it's not been easy getting to this point, right? Talk to me a little bit about your your journey to where to the to here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's you know, I've been doing this this is not new to me. been doing this since I was 10 years old and and I've always had something something something in me that was that that was uh built for this, you know, and me training up Paul. He's seen it from a very young age and he's guided me ever since and he's he's turned me into what I am today. So, yeah, just I've been at it for a long time, but I had I've had obviously you have ups and downs. You have things that go on in your life. I've been through I've been through quite a bit and uh I'm here now. I heard you say that all your mates that you grew up with, they're all in jail. Is Is that Is that hyperbole? Have you exaggerated that or is this a a real thing? &gt;&gt; Every single one of me mates that I grew up with who was on our estate, they all went to jail. when I was saying that they were they were all in jail by one of me mates and uh now a few of them have got out and stuff but big crazy licenses and that and there's other ones who've got like 23 years and all on the same conspiracy and like I was with them every day to be honest I was I was I was lucky not to just get pinned for nothing just for being with them and uh yeah so when I said that I went exaggerating know that was at that time every single one of me mates were in jail. Yeah. So, how did you not end up down that road? Cuz that that sounds so easy. If all of your mates are just they're in bother. Everything around you is just trouble, trouble, trouble everywhere you look. How have you managed to &gt;&gt; No, I was I was involved in it. I was involved in it, you know. I was I was on the streets. I was doing the same things that &gt;&gt; everyone does when they're on the streets, you know. I was uh but I was I was also quite clever. I weren't, you know, I weren't reckless or stupid that, you know, I don't really like getting into this part of me life because at them time that time I was lost. I weren't really I weren't boxing weren't on me mind, you know, nothing was on me mind. I just wanted to I sort of I always had the dream of being a world champion from a young age and then I got to about 15, 16, 17 and dream sort of changed. I sort of weren't that bothered about boxing. It was still there, but I just wanted to have like Ferraris and women and money. And you wanted that was my dream. Yeah, that that me dream sort of changed. And &gt;&gt; I'm just glad now that I'm back on the right track and that I've forgot about all that stuff and I'm and I'm focused and I'm I'm ready to take over the world. &gt;&gt; But that shaped you though, right? Because you've had that taste of the potential quick wins and maybe they're not as quick as what they could have been and then you've gone back to the long game and here you are now, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. You know, it was it everything everything that happen happens in your life shapes you, doesn't it? You know, it makes you the person that you are today. And the time that I took away from boxing, even though I probably could have been further along in me career now, even though I'm I'm I'm right there now, but I've made that happen and I've I've probably done that by knocking people out and and getting up there faster. But I'm glad that I've done that and I'm glad that that happened because I gained loads of life experiences and I had I've got loads of great memories from them times as well. It's not all like doom and gloom and that I've got some proper great memories, you know, like and I met some good people as well. And uh yeah, I don't don't regret it. Definitely don't regret it. I uh I look back and and think, you know, it was all meant to be cuz in in that in that time like I moved I was I was all over the place. I was all over the UK to be honest. I was there and everywhere. And uh at one point I moved down south and was doing like construction work with me mate who owned a business for about he said to me like look stop doing what you're doing get down here and you can come and live with me and that and uh done that for a couple of months in the cold weather and that kicked in and I just thought I can't do this is not me this I need to be fighting it but uh in that time period I happened to go to the beach and uh bumped into me girlfriend she was on a break from work and I ended up speaking to her and her mates and there and just ended up like getting to know them and now she lives here in Liverpool with me. I've got two kids with her and &gt;&gt; like she was on a half an hour break there from work. &gt;&gt; I could have easily not went to beach that day. So I believe that it's all happened for a reason and it looks like it has up to now. So we'll see what me once I got that world title around me wa I'll be able to say &gt;&gt; it was all for a reason. &gt;&gt; That's amazing that she was just on a break at that time and you were on a walk that time and &gt;&gt; saves you mate now two kids later. saved me life probably saved me life that moment and also me mate who &gt;&gt; who took me out of what I was doing for that p for that short period &gt;&gt; even though what I was doing I didn't like it the scaffolding and I didn't really like it but and I ended up sort of drifting away from it anyway before I came back but that saved me to be honest with you cuz I probably where I was in in the UK all my mates that I was with there they all got sucked down on a big operation about 2 3 weeks after I left to go and do to go and live with him. So I was lucky there as well to be honest with you Dev. So it feels like I this is what I was all I've always been meant to be doing. You know I could have easily have gone with all me mates and being in the jail to be honest. So I believe there's a reason why I haven't. &gt;&gt; I'm glad that you are here. Um big moment then for you. Alejandro Gonzalez is the man standing in the way of your dream. Uh what are your thoughts on this fight? &gt;&gt; Just the same as any other fight, Dev. You know, I haven't seen much of the the the guy, but uh I probably have a little watch of him, but it's the same as anyone. You know, you're not coming into my city and taking my love the other way and taking my life away. I don't care who you are. You know, you'll have to kill me first. And that's me mindset. No matter whether it's him, no matter whether it's the way for it, doesn't matter who they are, they're not coming to take my life away. I'll die first. &gt;&gt; It's really that deep for you, isn't That's how deep it is, mate. Yeah. You know, it's either a a better life and success or poverty and struggle. And I took what these fights are for me, you know. So, I'll die. I'll die for it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is survival for you, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Definitely, mate. Yeah. Well, obviously I'm going to survive, aren't I? Like, got a roof over me. I've got food, but I'm going to have struggles and I'm going to be have to worry about where this is coming from, where that's coming from, and &gt;&gt; you know, I've got another path there where I could go down and go and make money doing that. Could end up ruining me life. So, it's either this or not, mate. And that's that's how deep it is. Yeah. I'm coming I'm coming to all of them because they're going to have to kill me to to stop me. Will you beat this fellow you will be in line for a shot at Tkuma Inua who is the younger brother of Na Inoui who's been heavily linked to Nick B. Are you thinking what I'm thinking Andrew? &gt;&gt; A new way anyway ball came. It's looking that way ain't it Dave? &gt;&gt; I think about this every day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, what I was what I was talking about before about you know it seems like it's all meant to be and it's written in the stars. &gt;&gt; That could be too couldn't it? So, remains to be seen, you know, get this filler dealt with first and then onto the next and hopefully that'll be a great night wherever it is in the world. So, I'm all for that. Me, I'm all for it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You've been out of the ring since that Charlie Edwards fight. Have you kept yourself sort of focused and motivated cuz you've been okay. You've just been kind of waiting and ticking over, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've been training every day just waiting. Just uh bit frustrating really. I want to I want to be fighting regular, but I understand that there's a there's a lot of politics in boxing and you've got a lot a lot of fighters who are all trying to get on a small amount of shows. So, I understand that it's hard for the promoters and that to constantly keep you out and active, especially the stage where I'm at now because there's only a select few fighters that I can fight and there's only a select few roads that I can go down to get to where I want to be. So, it's going to take time and I've had to just just uh just stay focused and just sort of block all the noise out and switch off from that and just focus on me boxing, me jabbing, me moving, hitting and not being hitting. Just focus on that really. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Proud of Nick, &gt;&gt; of course. Always. &gt;&gt; He's he's spearheading all of this, the big time boxing coming back to the the M&amp;S Bank Arena, Liverpool. This is a good time to be Nick Bull's mate, right? And obviously you're coming through, you're probably looking at his world title saying, "I want my own one as well," right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, without a doubt. Yeah. You know, I've already thank Nick already thanked Nick publicly for it on the on one of the press conferences what we've done and I understand that this this wouldn't be happening this show. If it Nick never went and won that world title, there wouldn't be no show in Liverpool, you know. So definitely thankful for him and definitely grateful and and also super proud of what he's doing. You know, there's not many, never mind Liverpool, there's not many in in the UK, even the world who's defending that belt the way he's defending it. you know, smashing through these fellas, and I believe he'll continue to do so. He'll be he'll be unified, undisputed. I think he's he's got everything that it takes to to become all of them things. &gt;&gt; Hopefully, you come up right behind him. So, um, prediction Feb 7th &gt;&gt; for Nick's fight &gt;&gt; for your fight, &gt;&gt; for my fight, a devastating knockout as always, but I'll be, you know, be calm and I'll be collected. I won't be giving no shots away. These Mexicans, most of them big swingers with the hooks. So, I haven't seen the fella, but can imagine that he likes to swing a few in. So, keep me defenses on point. I pick a few nice counters and get them out of there. &gt;&gt; Best of luck. &gt;&gt; Yes, Dev. Choose my