Kind: captions Language: en Well, Andrew in the uh Everton Red Triangle gym. I guess your your second home. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Been here for 20 years now, Dev. So feels left me home when I walk in here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So you walked in here, my understanding the story is you walked in here at 10 years old, right? And this this place that we're in changed your life. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Did like more the people in here as well though. Building's just a building I suppose in it. The people in here definitely contributed in a big massive change in me life here. &gt;&gt; What is it so special about this place? Then you you mentioned the people there. I guess you're alluding to Paul. Paul's been a kind of a mainstay in your life. What is it that's so special? &gt;&gt; Um don't know. just obviously the boxing the boxing especially here and that brings us all together but just the way the people are you know the proper people big hearts and you're willing to uh put the work in you'll get you'll get get it back from them so yeah just that mainly yeah the work ethic in here &gt;&gt; do you remember that feeling when you first walked in &gt;&gt; it's a long time ago now but I remember like the smells and coming back on the I think I came on a party and then going Paul said go and get your gum shield and come back on the Monday and I remember going to get me gum shield and thinking like this is a belt of this you know what I mean I was only young but couldn't wait to get back on the Monday with me gum shield and that and see what was what was in store for me so it's just always been special since the day that I come in here like &gt;&gt; what made you come in here in the first place &gt;&gt; um I don't know I'd always wanted to box you know I'd always wanted to box and I don't even know why cuz no one boxed in me family and it was like It was it was a good few years that I was saying it that I wanted to go to the boxing gym like and &gt;&gt; so what between the ages of what 6 to 10 you were saying you wanted to do boxing &gt;&gt; I don't know whether I'd seen a film or whether I'd seen someone who were new or I don't know why but I did I wanted to go boxing like mad &gt;&gt; never looked back? &gt;&gt; No I never looked back there. No. &gt;&gt; Um it feels like there's been plenty of highs in your career really and and a couple of lows here and there as well. The the Beluta loss was a strange one. A lot of people don't think it was a loss, but is is it fair to say that's been the only kind of low in your career so far? &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, I'd say so. Like, I don't even really look at it as a low, though, &gt;&gt; to be honest. When I look back at that fight, it's not like I don't really feel like a like a big loss. Like, feel like I was more I learned a lot from that night. And, you know, people who were around me and people who know me know the circumstances going into that fight. So, yeah, I don't really look at it as a loss. just just all learning in it and just uh put me here where I am now all them all them mates haven't he so yeah just looking forward and not uh not looking back on on any on anything like that &gt;&gt; but what we could look back on what would you say the the highest point has been so far in your career &gt;&gt; um don't know the British title was good &gt;&gt; I like winning the British title yeah it's always something that I wanted to win I couldn't say it was like ne dream or anything but it was it was something I always wanted along the way like on the as a step along the way to me. So that was a good night. Probably that Charlie Edwards one would have been would have been the the biggest night if he didn't just stink the gaff out the way he did. But it was still I still enjoyed that night as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that's that's a strange one because you picked up the win over the biggest scalp so far in your career, former world champion who's he's not over the hill or past it. He's still very much got ambitions, but there was just something missing from the win, right? It didn't you didn't win it the way you wanted to. &gt;&gt; Just wouldn't engage with you at all. And you know, he's weren't even trying to weren't even trying to win the fight. It didn't feel like it felt like he was just trying to survive from the from the opening bell. So, it's hard to deal with someone like that to to catch someone flush and, you know, be entertaining in a fight like that. So, uh, yeah, it was a bit annoying more than more than, uh, happy for the more than I was happy for the for the occasion. It was more like, come out, let let's fight. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; But you were proud of yourself for maintaining your kind of discipline through the fight, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was. I was. I think I mentioned that last time we spoke that uh &gt;&gt; you know it's normal to us to go in and and give everything and put everything on the line and and you know have a tear up if we need to. But that kind of stuff that's not normal. You don't see that all the time. So to be able to stay disciplined and not uh not get too frustrated is was a big thing for me like that. So talk to me a little bit more about this gym then and and the discipline that it's instilled in you as as a young man who's 10 years old, a teenager, and now a 29 year old man with with a family. It it must have really helped shape you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I wouldn't I can't really talk about it because it's like you don't really feel it happening. It's something that &gt;&gt; it's something that just happens along the way. Yeah. You don't like, oh, that's g me discipline. That's g discipline. It's just like you're picking it up as you're going and you're not you're not really realizing that you're that are you know what I mean? So it's hard for me to put into words. Def's um something that Paul does as well like Paul's been a big sort of figure in your life as well. But I I always like the way he puts on the old footage on the screen and you're there like a university lecture. I said to him earlier it's like a like a school teacher. He was like no no this is like a university lecture. But but that's kind of what it is and all of you guys kind of kind of learn and he's like the the lecturer out there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, in this gym, we're lucky to have someone like Paul who's who's taught us, you know, how to fight and how to box properly from a young age and has never like he's never tried to show us any anything like that he wants us to learn. he sort of finds out who you are and then teaches you what he thinks you'll take on board and let you sort of go your own way with it as well. So Paul Paul's very clever in that way and uh yeah he sort of let you be be yourself while showing you certain things rather than telling you certain things. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; It's like a family feel to the place as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You feeling that? I mean I just sensed it as I coming in like the way people are interacting. The fighters are interacting with Paul as well. Paul's asking about, you know, how how's your your family member and checking in and stuff like that. It's got that, hasn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a close-knit gym in it. We're all like obviously we're here every day like like every other gym, but I can't really speak for any other gyms. She's only ever been here since I was a kid. So, but it's definitely like a family to me in here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How nice is it to see Nick flourishing, sort of leading the way right now as world champion? It won't be long before you're there as well, but the fact that he's been able to do it shows that anyone here can. Right. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Yeah. Well, Nick's Nick's like part of the family and he saw when that night when he won that world title, that was a special night and every night since then is is getting a little bit more special and a little bit more special. So, yeah, it's brilliant to have Nick with us. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You actually got a bit emotional that night, right, in the celebrations? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I did. I've never ever been like that. Not even like I don't even think I've been like that from my own fight, any any of me own wins, you know what I mean? So yeah, to see him do that was just ended up with a lump in me throat and that was mad to be honest. Never been like that before. Def &gt;&gt; and I'm sure he'll have the same when when it all happens for you. &gt;&gt; So we'll see, won't we? Who knows? But something that I definitely didn't expect and I wouldn't have said would happen to me. And uh yeah, I think it was just the whole occasion as well. Paul as well. I've been here since a young lad and uh Paul's one of the best trainers in the world if not the best for me. He's the best anyway. And uh to see him also achieve a dream at the same time as Nick was just it was just overwhelming for me. Yeah. It just uh just overwhelmed me. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So you you want to bring your own belt back here as well. You've done it with British titles as well, but I guess it would be great to bring another world title to this gym. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Yeah. I don't know. It's something that you chase. It feels like I've been chasing it all me life and now it's just around the corner. So, it's it's like just trying to forget about it and just focus on the fight, focus on the boxing, focus on my me jab, me movement, you know, and me me ring IQ and just forget about all the noise and all the all the stuff that comes with it and just focus on the boxing and everything else will come with it. &gt;&gt; The pressure is increasing though, as you say, it's something that you've been dreaming about for for your whole life. You've been chasing your whole life. You're potentially two fights away. A slip up sends you, you know, quite far back now. Are you feeling that pressure or are you able to actually just be like, &gt;&gt; "No, of course the pressure is there, but &gt;&gt; the pressure is needed. If you're a good fighter and you're someone who doesn't who's not going to crumble under the pressure, then the pressure is is good. It's perfect. You know, this is what we need. It's going to bring the best out of me. This is what I've needed since, you know, some fights I've found hard to like to get to get that pressure from going into it and not bothered and just like just think I'm going to knock you out type of thing." Whereas now I know like everyone's on the line. It's getting closer and the pressure is building and and I'm I'm happy to have it here. &gt;&gt; Just back on this gym notice Adam Millennian is training here now as well. Like you you mentioned how Paul's probably one of the best trainers in the world. It feels like the recognition is starting to come now. That's an elite blue chip Queensbury heavyweight prospect that's come here. Like that must be a good feeling to see the you know the talent level increasing around you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. You know, like people in boxing have always knew anyway how good of a trainer Paul is. Yeah. People in boxing know. And you only have to come here and go to a few other gyms and then come here. And everyone who's ever come here since I've been 10, regardless to how good they are before they come here, they get better and they and they rise to another level as soon as they come here. Doesn't matter what gym they've come from or how good they already are, they always get better when they come here and train with Paul. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, Alejandro here Gonzalez coming up. uh in in a matter of days now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What are your thoughts heading into this now? &gt;&gt; It's the same as every other fight. Dev come in and uh use me boxing, use me jab. Yeah. Movement and don't get it and take the fell out. &gt;&gt; I think he's going to have a little bit about him in fight week just from I've seen a couple of little clips, videos, pictures. He looks like he's got something about him. So I I anticipate that it will get quite hostile before the fight. Don't know how hostile it'll get because you can't speak English, can he? So, &gt;&gt; yeah. I could translate that. Yeah, but I might No, no, but I might just change what he's saying. &gt;&gt; We'll see then. We'll see. But yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm not going to be able to understand what the f is saying. So, I'm not really going to be too asked about what he's saying, am I? You know what I mean? And I wouldn't be anyway. So, yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm looking forward to it. Um, are you looking forward to big big night in Liverpool and have &gt;&gt; Of course, De. Yeah. Looking forward to the weigh in first. Get that done and then onto the fight. Yeah, top