Kind: captions Language: en Andrew, congratulations. Great win. And you in front of your hometown. What a win. Got up off the canvas, got the job done. How'd you feel? &gt;&gt; Feel good. Feel good. A bit disappointed that, you know, [music] giving silly shots away like that. And also, you know, going mad. I'm going to get a nutritionist from me next fight because obviously you've been you've been like dieting for so long and then when the weighing comes, it's like it almost feels like you're free. And I just went mad and had too much food and never again. Not taking away from the fellow. already landed a few good body shots, you know, probably would have hurt even if I didn't eat loads of food, but um yeah, I feel like don't [clears throat] don't be given I feel a bit a bit gutted really that you know I had to win in that way even though it's probably going to boost me profile and it's probably a bonus that it has happened. Just need to stay a bit more switched on, not get carried away with the crowd. &gt;&gt; Well, to put a different spin on it, is it not a positive in the sense that you've shown that you can go there and come back? Well, for you and for everyone else, it is. But I know I can do that. Otherwise, I probably wouldn't be able to do that in the first place, you know. So, it's a positive now that it's happened, like I said before. But, you know, I don't want to be fight to be coming to the to the to the wire like that, you know, that was close there. I had food coming floating that and uh I think next time getting proper nutritionist, keep me elbows in when the shots are coming. And yeah, big game gained a lot of experience from that and I'm uh now it's happened. I'm um so so glad that it has happened. You know, &gt;&gt; I'm just going to show you your knockout and just talk us through what you're seeing. &gt;&gt; He's already out there, is he? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just seeing him smelt blood like a shark and just jumped on him. Yeah. Finished them. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What was the feeling like when when you saw the ref waving off? &gt;&gt; It was a good feeling. You know, all the crowd screaming, you know, you never forget these these feet these moments, but it's happening so fast and, you know, especially with this the shot that I took before and I have to dig deep inside myself. So, I'm not really not really thinking that clear. I'm just thinking I'm going to get you. You know what I mean? This is not this is not it for me. &gt;&gt; Let's talk of a new way next. Tkuma, talk to us a little bit about what you want to do next. &gt;&gt; I want to fight whoever they bring, whoever they put in front of me. I want that world title. Takuma Newway's got that world title. Let's go to Kuma. I'm sure he'll be very keen to fight me after that, you know. So, it's done me it's done me a good it's done me a justice in so many ways. That happening there tonight. And next time, keep me elbows tucked in, lad. &gt;&gt; Of course. See all fighters get ready. Lim Smith giving you a quick thank you just finally mate. If Anu is watching this straight into the camera, what would you say to him? &gt;&gt; Let's go. Don't know no Japanese, but let's go. &gt;&gt; Well done, Andrew. Congratulations.