Kind: captions Language: en And the new two-time Antoca Kachi world champion. It's over the shoulder. Job done. Congratulations. How do you feel? It's absolutely insane. I mean I'm well aware it was a below par performance, but that stage didn't jail well with me and I had a a bad hand throughout camp. We hadn't got any sparring. We worked [clears throat] hard together to get through it, you know, me and the team. You know, Barry had been doing a lot of pad work with me and Michael they've been up in the gym early kind of just getting an extra bit of work in and we had to make up for the sparring and pads and whatever else. Michael Hogans up on the paddles, you know, everyone's putting in their their fair share and we got it done. You seem to be talking to Jaz a lot certainly at the end of rounds. What were you saying to him? I just he was a world champion. I had nothing to lose. You know, I was aware that they were close rounds, but I knew I was in control. Do you know what I mean? He was missing with the shots. I just said, "Come on, the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what's Sorry, I should use language. Just come on. Let me see what you've got. Do something. Do something." And he didn't do anything. Did you you certainly looked bigger. Did you feel bigger and better when you were in there in the ring with him tonight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I did. I felt a lot bigger. I feel like his head was really was flying everywhere and I couldn't every time I hit him a straight right hand a left hook. I rocked him. I nearly had him out of there in round five. I should have had him out of there in round five. That's where the sparring comes down to sparring and stuff and sharpness just wasn't there and I just I don't know. I just couldn't do it. So, to put you on the spot a little bit. If you're if you're saying that was below par tonight, if you're going in with the unification fights that you're asking for now, the Navarretes and and Foster, do you have to perform better than you did tonight to beat those guys? 100%. I'm well aware of that too as well. I mean I will perform better because our styles will jail better. I think he's a southpaw. He's small, you know, every time I threw a punch he would just drop down and his head was hit he was hitting me with his head continuously. He was Did you get a cut? Yeah, the cut and then in the back of my head all over me every everywhere in my head. Like none of them were punches. None of them. I mean it was it is it is what it is. I put respect on Jaz. He's a lovely fellow. He's a great family and it was just it was just my night. Let's have a little bit of show and tell for a moment. Can you show us this belt? Show us the new trophy. It looks something on the shoulder there. Just just just show it up to the camera. Let's have a look. How nice is that? How's it look What's it like having a world title in your hands? It's amazing. It's amazing. I have to say though it wasn't it wasn't the same as when I won my my first world title, but it was it was still it was still magic and I'm just super proud to take it back home up to Belfast and show it off. What are you going to do with it at home? I'm just going to put it in the I'm my mantelpiece a wee cupboard somewhere and let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine, you know? You know? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, listen mate. Congratulations. It's been great It's been great working with you this week. You've got a lovely piece of hardware now to celebrate. New things going on. Well done, mate. Congratulations. &gt;&gt; much. I appreciate you so