Kind: captions Language: en There is a dark horse in the middleweight division. He's from Scotland. He's undefeated and he seems to be knocking everyone out. This is that man. This is Aston Brown. How are you, sir? &gt;&gt; Good mate. How are you? Okay? &gt;&gt; Very good. Very good. And I And I'll say that like you're knocking everyone out. You're looking really, really good. Sam Gillies is not the kind of guy that just gets knocked out though, right? Tough fight. The step up, I think, for you on Friday. Is that how you're seeing it? What's What's your view of this fight? &gt;&gt; Definitely. Definitely a step up in in levels of opponent. I mean, obviously, Sam boxed at a higher level than I have as a professional. Um but I approach every fight the same, mate. You know what I mean? Nothing changes for me. I go in there to demolition job, still, on everybody. But, behind calculated boxing and brains, you know what I mean? Um and I believe I can do that on Friday night again. But, again, as you said, Sam Gillies doesn't get knocked out. He's no pushover. He's tough. He can take a shot. So, it's going to be interesting, mate. And I one I'm very excited for. I'm very up for. And as you said, I've been shouting for a a big fight. Yeah. Yeah, 100%. I'm so happy that this fight's happening for for both of you, actually, cuz feel feels like he needed something to gee him up after that loss. Step up in weight, away from home, into the lion's den against you. And you get a great scalp there in Sam Gillies or the opportunity of it. It's a good fight. People keep saying it could be a fight of the year. I felt a few few saying that, I mean. Um who knows? May It might be. Could be that 10-round war that everybody's saying it could be. Um or it could go quick, who knows? But, we'll all need to wait and see on Friday night, mate. Cheap support &gt;&gt; Yep. at the Hydro. How on earth did we get here, Aston? What on earth is going on? &gt;&gt; Well, mate, honestly, if you said that to me 5 year ago, I would have been like, "Nah, no chance. It's done. So, what's I mean, I've I've I've made a mess of this." How have you done it? Hard work. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That That And that's your partner who has a name. &gt;&gt; Yes. Um my fiance, Shannon. Sorry. Um No. Hard work, dedication, mate. Doing the right things in life. A beautiful fiance by my side, supporting and helping me. Family supporting and helping me. The Trust program, my fellows. Um and I changed my life around, mate. And then just doing the right things in life, mate. You know what I mean? And And dedicating myself back into the sport of boxing. And then giving it my all. Living right. Cuz I'm 35 now, but again, as I keep saying, I feel 25 cuz I'm living right. You know what I mean? I'm living right. I don't drink. I don't do anything. I don't I don't Don't do nothing, mate. You know what I mean? I just live right every single day. And I'm reaping the rewards of that. And then, as you said, 5 year ago, would I have thought I would be here? No. But, I'm so grateful for it. You know what I mean? I'm grateful for the opportunities and I I put in the hard work, but I'm just loving it. I'm just loving life, mate. It's amazing, isn't it? We're We're We're grateful to have you. Uh it's I love watching you fight as well. Just Just on that, cuz I don't know how many people know your story, but if you can just give me an idea of what a day in the life of Aston Brown is now and what a day in the life was 5, 6, 7 years ago. &gt;&gt; Mhm. A day in the life is walk my dogs, go and see my horses, spend time with my partner, go to the gym and train, and eat right during the day, mate. And then, go to meetings. You know what I mean? That is a day in the life of Aston Brown. Simple. But, amazing. You know what I mean? Um a life beyond my wildest dreams, I would say. Because an Aston a day in the life 5 or 6 year ago was pain and misery. You know what I mean? Every single day, mate. You know what I mean? Rather be addiction. You know what I mean? Couldn't see a way out. Just couldn't see a future. You know what I mean? At times, just didn't want to live anymore. Um because of my addiction. But, again, we're here today, mate. And we're smiling. You know what I mean? And I mean, I'm years and years clean and sober. And I love life. You know what I mean? Again, a very simple life, but an amazing life. A life beyond my wildest dreams, I would say. And I'm And I'm grateful every single day for it. I love it cuz the stuff you're talking about now, like walking the dog and spending time with your Like people take that for granted. &gt;&gt; Yep. You never will. &gt;&gt; Never ever in my life, mate. That is wake up every single morning with a smile. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Because I at one stage in my life, wow. You know what I mean? That's what I begged for. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Just get me out of this horrible dark place. But, I used to take that for granted. Didn't already. I don't take anything for granted today, mate. You know what I mean? Um I'm here for a reason. You know what I mean? And I I put in the hard work. I've got myself in a a good place in life. And then, again, mate, I'm so grateful for it. Where would you say you are in your career right now, then? Just starting. I don't believe that, mate. I I I'm only I said this the other day and I was talking about it because I don't like to get egotistical around that. I don't because I'm not a bit worried about it, but who else is after nine fights is fighting for a WBA International title? You know what I mean? That speaks That's going to say something. The promoters and the people obviously think I'm good enough to be stepping up and fighting Sam Gillies, who's what? 20 21 fights in as a professional. It's my 10th fight fighting for a WBA International title. That puts you in the world rankings in 10 fights in. Some people aren't even by six and eight rounders by then. You know what I mean? Um so, I'm obviously doing something right. You know what I mean, mate? Um but I further believe this is just a start. This is just a start to great things. You You're 35. Just So, do you feel in a rush or like do you feel like Okay, you You I think you said you feel 25, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel 25, mate. I feel younger. So, no rush then, right? I wouldn't say any rush, you know what I mean, mate? But, I I I'm I That is one of my things that I want it now. You know what I mean? I want it. But, that's that's I think most boxers are like that. Um but, I'm probably slightly in a rush, mate, because I'm not stupid. I know there is a time limit on this game. You know what I mean? Um I don't want to go on forever, either. I mean, I've got a beautiful fiance and beautiful family that you want to spend cuz this this game takes up 90% of your day. You know what I mean? Um so, I want to live life as well, mate. But, I've got a good few years in me. And I believe I can go on here and do massive things. You know what I mean? Um and Friday night, that was We'll start with it. Now, I said to Sam Gillies that uh you know, you've got a big right hand. We've seen you knock people over. And he said, "Have you ever seen me get knocked over?" And I was like, No. No, we No, we haven't. So, he He He He believes that he is the first live fight &gt;&gt; Yeah. for you. And he could take you into deep waters. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I I got I heard him say that a few times. Um I like Sam. You know what I mean? We We had to be I can't shake my cuddle with him. And I like Sam. That means he's a good fighter. He's a He's a nice guy. Um but I keep hearing the deep water thing. And I don't really understand that. You know what I mean? It's like I'll take you into deep waters. So, does anybody know I can't go in deep Somebody's saying something that I can't go in deep waters and and fight. Just because you've done it a few times doesn't always mean it's a good thing cuz you've done it over and over again. You know what I mean? Um so, it's interesting. But, I He just need He's never been stopped. He's never been put down. You know what I mean? But, maybe I'm the the first guy to do it on Friday night. We'll have to wait and see, mate. Have you got eyes on uh the British title beyond this or you sort of navigating towards worlds? Cuz like George Liddard, I think you called him out after the last fight. &gt;&gt; I'd love to. I'd love a crack at that. Um the British the British title. You know what I mean? But, again, if winning this belt on Friday night puts you on to bigger opportunities or bigger belts or You know what I mean? Um then I'm I'm all for going that way. You know what I mean? Cuz um again, it takes you into the the top 10, I think, of world rankings somewhere around about there. And then, you never know what can happen then, mate. You know what I mean? Like doors can open. The division's wide open. Wide open. Someone like you could just come along, keep winning, keep knocking everyone out. And before you know it, you've got And that's what people want to see, don't they? Like they want to see people getting knocked out. You know what I mean? So, and uh something I love doing. You know what I mean? I'm I'm I love it, mate. You know what I mean? I love hurting people. You know what I mean? I know I'm a nice guy and I'm grateful for my life now today. But, when it's in this sport, I love I love to hurt people. One final one is um I saw a tweet yesterday. It really got me thinking, yeah, this this person is right, whoever tweeted it. It said he reminds me of Carl Froch. Have you had that in your career at all? Yeah, mate. I've heard that a few times, actually. Um I People A few people have said to me, "You've got a very similar style with Carl Froch." Obviously, heavy-handed and stuff like that. The cold bath, relaxed. I've got big long arms as well. You know what I mean? So, I have been I've been compared to Carl a few times. So, which isn't a bad thing, mate. You know what Not bad Not a bad one, is it? Uh so, what's happening on Friday, then, Batman? Aston Brown takes that WBA A belt home. You know what I mean? By any means necessary, but we're always going to We're going to talk for nothing. Trust me. Demolition job. Best of luck. Good to see you, my friend. &gt;&gt; Appreciate you, mate. Thank you, man. Thank you.