Kind: captions Language: en Aston. Yeah, man. The campaign is up and running. &gt;&gt; Yes. Just had the press conference. How how was it up there? Fantastic. Enjoyed myself. Again, as I said up there, um loving life. I mean, absolutely loving life. I love being back on big stages, big shows. You know what I mean? Being a part of it. And um I remember I was when we just came back in the games small boxing in small hall shows, really small hall shows. You know what I mean? And um to be boxing again on the Hydro. You know what I mean? I boxed on the last Hydro show, then the Braehead. Now again back to the Hydro, co-main event. And so life is good. Life is good. You're fighting Sam Gilley. &gt;&gt; Yep. Nine KOs from 18 wins, only two losses, never been stopped. He's a pretty good opponent. &gt;&gt; Yes. My best opponent um today, definitely. You know what I mean? Um he's coming up here, obviously. 154 to 160. First fight at 160. Um but again, Sam is a a very got a very fan-friendly style. And I think a lot of people are talking about this fight cuz it could be an all-out war. Could be fight of the night. Could be fight of the year. Could be Yeah, all that sort of stuff people are saying. Um but I just believe that's up to me. You know what I mean? I believe I'm better in every department. I believe I punch harder. I'll be physically bigger and stronger. Um and I believe ultimately my boxing is on a different level. Um but again, I need to show that on the 17th of April, which I fully believe I'll do. But again, full respect to Sam. You know what I mean? I like Sam. Um good durable fighter. Comes comes to win. Comes to have it and as he said, he he doesn't back down. He comes and gives it everything. Um but I'll expose that on the 17th of April. You when you when you have a fight like this one where you're saying, I know it could be fight of the year. I I know that this, you know, it could be up there. That's all great in the build-up to it. Speaking about it now is great. But when it comes to fight night and you are just about to walk down the ramp, knowing that it's going to be or it could be that kind of fight, what go what goes through your mind? How do you how do you how do you zone in for that? &gt;&gt; Mhm. I just think you need to believe in yourself and you need to believe all that hard work you've done in your focus is a 10-round so it could go 10 rounds a complete war. Any fight can go like that. Um you just need to believe that you're ready. And be in your prepared and you prepared yourself all these last eight to 10 weeks. You know what I mean? To be in that if that arises. You know what I mean? That comes comes out and it's a full-out war. You've you've prepared yourself right for that. And then I'm always prepared. You know what I mean? But again, if an opportunity presents itself, I take the opportunity and I've shown that in my last three or four fights. When an opportunity presents itself, I can put people to sleep. I'm not there to get paid for overtime. You know what I mean? Sam said it in the in the press conference. He likes to earn his money and go out all-out war. Now all that's all good. I work an all day. All fighters, I believe, proper fighters can do that. You know what I mean? But if the opportunity presents itself to put somebody to sleep, that's what you're doing. You know what I mean? And um I seem to be getting getting quite good at that. So again, I'll be ready for a a 10-round war if that's what it is or a 10-round boxing masterclass or a knockout. He lost to Ishmael Davis last time out. Did you watch that fight? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; anything from that fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've seen a couple of Sam's fights cuz again, I said as I said, I was a fan. But I did watch the the Ishmael fight. Um that was a very back and forth fight as well. It was probably he had a go, he had a go. You know what I mean? And I think in my honest opinion, Sam obviously he he didn't agree with the decision. I think he just Ishmael just nicked it. You know what I mean? And maybe we won a two rounds. Probably just been a bit cuter at times. Um but again, that was a complete 12 rounds back and forth. You know what I mean? There was no need to take a step back. Um but that can be the downfall when you go up a weight. And maybe you're running against somebody who can punch. And I I believe I I I can punch. You know what I mean? Um you don't want to just be walking in the shorts or just walking forward throwing punches and thinking that's funny I mean, when you have a fight. But um but he's a good fighter. He's durable. You know what I mean? He's fit. He's strong. Um and I show him a lot of respect because again, I said as I said, I know his background story from his struggles himself. Not all respect that outside the boxing. Um but when it comes to fight night, it's um it's my time. He's number three in the UK. You're number eight. Is this a step towards a British title shot? I think so. I think so. Um again, I was that's the fight before this fight even get made. I was shooting to fight Josh Leather for the British title. But obviously, they went in a different direction, which is absolutely fine. Um and then this Sam Gilley get presented to me. Obviously coming up to 160. And I said yes straight away because again, he's got a fan-friendly style and it's a great a great opponent for myself. You know what I mean? Just keep stepping up. Um this is for the WB international title, which I believe gives you some sort of world ranking. You know what I mean? So Mhm. I believe if I win this, then you never know what's just around the corner. Could be the British title. Could be something bigger. Who knows? You know what I mean? But um fully focused on the 17th of April. There's there's really good momentum behind you. Yeah. At the moment. What does a and I don't want to do disrespect to or discredit to this fight. But what does a big fight look to you? Is this a big fight? How big can it go? &gt;&gt; All right. Oh, that's a good question. I like these questions. Um no, this is a big fight. These nights in the Hydro are massive. You're the co-main event. You know what I mean? You know in the fan zone, there's going to be thousands of people in there. Just the same as Braehead was and the same as the the first Hydro show. You know what I mean? Um these are these are these are big fights and big nights. But again, as you said, um a big fight is I get up again for a big title for me for like a British title or or even something even bigger. You know what I mean? Um I want to experience that and feel that. I know what these titles are and know what they mean. I want to experience that and feel that. And I believe I've got the ability to do that. So this is another another fight and another step towards that. You know what I mean? But again, I never overlook anybody. You know what I mean? I'm too I'm too old and I'm too wise for that. Um I've been in this game too long for that. Um so my full focus is on Sam Gilley on 17th of April. If if like I will do in a few minutes, I had Sam Gilley sitting there and and not Aston Brown. And I said to him, how do you beat Aston Brown? What do you think he'd say? What do you think he'd say Say how he beats me? Yeah. I don't know how he beats me. I don't know. I don't I can't see a way he beats me. You know what I mean? I can see why I would beat him. And that's just being being Aston Brown, being the best version of Aston Brown beats the best version of Sam Gilley hands down. I fully believe that. Um can't be Aston Brown. It's a great fight. Could be fight of the year. Aston, all the best of luck. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks, man. Thank you.