Kind: captions Language: en Well, look out because there is a cannon about. Ezra Taylor is here. How are you? &gt;&gt; I'm good, man. I'm good. I can't complain. Little bit tired, but we're here. &gt;&gt; That sounds like you're lowkey complaining straight away. &gt;&gt; It's a little bit. It's a disclaimer that you know, you can't you can't take it that way. That's all. &gt;&gt; You know, we we just had that chat. You've got a quite a crazy 48 hours coming up. You You've been in Dubai. You flew from Dubai last night. You got Talk Sport tomorrow. You got to do a face off today, press conference back to Dubai. And I said to you, go and tell young Ezra Taylor that. &gt;&gt; And he'll turn around and say, "Shut your mouth." That would never be happening. But look, I'm living my dream. And that's why I'm not complaining. Being tired is just part of the job. You know what I'm saying? Being being tired is part of being a champion. These guys do it. You know what I'm saying? Mayweather done it. You know, Lennox Lewis done it. So why can't Ezra Taylor do it? So yeah, I'm embracing it, man. It's It's great. &gt;&gt; It is that you are living your dream, aren't you? And I I remember very specifically it was a Magnificent Seven show and there was a press conference and you were on the show but not up on the stage, not up on the tables. You were sat like in the front row and I feel like that like you didn't kick off or anything but it motivated you and now you're on the top table now. I think you're sat next to Frank today on the table or near him anyway. What a turnaround. And how much did that motivate you? Little moment. It's crazy now you mentioned it to now I think back obviously life's happening at such a quick pace but yeah you're right I was actually went to the press conference and I thought I assumed I was going to be on the table I wasn't a co-main event or nothing like that but I just thought I was going to be because why not right there's so many other people on the table but Ezra Taylor couldn't be on the table so I had to sit in the crowd with the cameraman and again that's not a problem again now I look at it like it's a it's a process it really is because now look I'm co-main event at a Magnificent 7 I think I fought on this specific card about three or four times now &gt;&gt; and um like you said I was sitting next to Frank before I was turning around to Frank saying thank you &gt;&gt; opportunity now I can probably say nice one mate you know what I'm saying I was going to be sitting right next to him so yeah man it's funny how things change how life's changed and how consistency really gets you to where you where you want to be &gt;&gt; but you knew it would happen &gt;&gt; I knew it already but you know what it is the the crazy thing about it is that now other people around me are starting to see it people that I don't know can see it also so you You know you when you have a dream you're the first person to believe in it then maybe the next person which will be my coach maybe your mom maybe this person maybe this person and now what got Tom Dick and Harry believe in this guy is the next best thing it's amazing and that's that's why we kind of you know just embracing the journey and now look man we get to punch up Willie Hutchinson that's amazing &gt;&gt; well he said something fairly similar about yourself as well so that is the big fight January 24th you and Willie Hutchinson now it's actually a name that you've been calling out for I think about 18 months or so now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it feels like he has been quite far ahead of you. &gt;&gt; Is that fair to say? But you've still been sort of targeting him even though he's he's been ahead. &gt;&gt; 100%. And even even now as I speak, yeah, on paper he's still ahead of me. &gt;&gt; Uh this is a great fight for me, a big fight for me. &gt;&gt; Um and it's funny because the other day when we was here watching the live heavyweight call, he was saying that, you know, seven years ago he was where I was. So if that's the case, why are you here now? Why are you fighting me? Does that make any sense? Because seven years from now, I'm going to be world champion multiple times. So, you're kind of a failed prospect in a sense. I'm doing what I'm doing and I like now you have to see me. I've got it all to gain and all to win and I'm I'm going to go in there and sort him out, man. Like these other guys, Bati and Craig Richards, clearly couldn't do what they should have done to this guy and I'm the one to do that. First time lucky. &gt;&gt; What is it about him that's made you target him? Is there anything that he does specifically where you think I know I'm going to beat this guy or is it because he's a bit of a name? He's further on in your career and he's been targeted in that way. What is is it because of him and something he does? &gt;&gt; It's all the above really. And you know what? He came into my my radar when he got the WBC silver belt. That's a very nice belt. Ben Wick is fighting for that soon. Again, he's in my targets. I got Woody right now. Um so that's he kind of had he kind of just been in my mind from that day and then when I seen him win that belt I looked at the belt said that's a very nice belt and then um and then after that he just made certain remarks and that he keeps calling me a chump. I don't like that death I don't like and called a chump and now you kind of do my heading and now I'm so excited to punch you in your face you know. So yeah it wasn't really anything too too personal but it kind of is a little bit now. Um I don't like him. You see Louis Edmonson, he's a bit he's a clown. Yeah, admittedly, but he's cool. I don't really have nothing to do with him, but you see Willie Urinson. Something about that guy grinds my gears a little bit. So, yeah, I just can't wait to sort him out. &gt;&gt; I think he's going to be one that it I don't think it's going to be easy for you to verbally dominate him cuz he's a bit of a character as well. I'm looking forward to the the back and forth, the exchanges. Just that clip of ringside on TV, there was some good chat there. I liked it. both sides kind of thing. Are you looking forward to the buildup or is it not even entering your mind? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100% man. I'm excited for it because um again you need a dancing partner in um in boxing. Louis Everson was a decent dancing partner to pull that talking about a back injury. So now we got Willie Hutchinson and I know he can talk talk. He may not make sense when he's talking but he definitely talks and that's a main thing you know. So and yeah um I can do the same. So I'm looking forward to it. you know, this is my first serious press conference that I get to go and have a back and forth with someone, you know, so &gt;&gt; so yeah, let's let's see what he's got. &gt;&gt; What what happened when you were ringing side? What's your kind of version of events that a couple of weeks ago in Manchester where he was brought into an interview with you and then it ended up a bit of a push and a shove and cameras falling on the floor and all sorts. What What's your version of what happened? &gt;&gt; My version was he was having an interview. They were asking me, could this fight happen? I'm saying yeah. He's saying no because you know he needs more fights. I'm saying well we can get it on right now. Not right now specifically because you know I'm a professional. That's what I'll be shing at and that's what I stand on. But I don't know why he got a bit excited and I think his minerals started to come come to the front and he wanted to push me and we can't do that over here. Like I don't mind the back and forth in the verbal stuff but physically yeah you could get hurt willy. So yeah he pushed me I pushed him. He kind of kicked off a little bit. Um but what do you think? What do you what do you expect is going to happen when you got two fighters next to each other talking about fighting one another? Automatically our minds going to go somewhere else and that's exactly what happened. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm I'm interested on what you think would have happened if uh TV security and whoever wasn't able to separate you. How would that have played out there? Would fizzled out or &gt;&gt; we wouldn't we wouldn't have been here today. Willie Hutcherson would be recovering right now. I'm telling you now. I would have I would have hurt him. That would have hurt him for sure because again there's um fighting in the ring and doing all the all that other stuff but like I said I have my boy Mer in there trying to trying to hold his back and Mike is very small in comparison to us guys and &gt;&gt; yeah it would have gone somewhere else but I'm glad it didn't you know you know I'm glad it didn't I didn't want I don't want it to be like that. Like I said we had an issue. We have an issue and I was setting it in the ring. Like I hope the the the youngsters of today get to see that that's how you're meant to conduct business as men. If you don't like one another, you go in the ring and you deal with it. I'm going to deal with him in the best way possible. So, it's going to inspire with people that I want to if I want to beat you up, I want to beat him beat you up like how Ezra beat up Woody. Just &gt;&gt; that's nice. That's a nice message. Look, I asked him the same thing. What would happen if there was no security there? Do you want to know what he said? &gt;&gt; Go on. &gt;&gt; Said he'd knock your teeth out. &gt;&gt; See, this is the stuff I'm talking about. This is the stuff that gets you hurt. Yeah, [laughter] that's the stuff that gets you hurt. If he's knocking my teeth off, all right, cool. He may knock a one or two teeth out, but I'm knocking his head off clean. It's done after that. So, we can do a little trade, but I'm going to come out on top of that. &gt;&gt; Ezra, I've heard you say um that you've got, you know, you were asked about how hard it's going to be to make it to the top of the sport, and you said it's not going to be as hard as life. I've got I've got a hard life. &gt;&gt; How is your life hard? &gt;&gt; It's just been hard, man. You know, like see boxing, it's it's a serious thing. And everyone has their own stories, their own trials and tribulations or whatever else. And it's only them who can relate to it. But my life has been so hard because I've had to sacrifice so much to be in this position. And I'm talking about sacrifices and not getting the result that warrants the sacrifice I've made. You know what I'm saying? To the point that this kind of feels like I'm a bit of a I could potentially be an overnight success. That things are happening overnight. You know, little things like, for example, Dev, they they picked me up today from a hotel and drove drove me here. You know, little things like that is what makes me think, wow, it's amazing because before I couldn't even get petrol money to get covered. 30 pound petrol money. I could I couldn't get covered. So, again, it's sacrifices that that I have to do behind the scenes over and over again, constantly. Even now, I'm still going to have to do more sacrifices going forward. But, is it getting easier? No. But it warrants the the the sacrifice now. So my life is hard because I have to make so many sacrifices to go out to LA, you know, it's not it's not cheap out there, you know. I have to do what I need to do, but I've got a great team that supports it. But it's all coming from my dream, man. So it makes it worth it. And if would I do it again? I would cuz now I'm here co-main event at Magnificent 7. Whereas before I was on Magnificent 7, but I was sitting in the cameraman crowds. It's a whole different ball game. It means two. It means a lot to me. You know what I'm saying? And I'm not I don't know Willie like that, but I just don't think you're ready to go through what I've been through and you you wouldn't do what I'll do, you know? I don't I think that's for any boxer and that's why I'm rising the way I'm rising. &gt;&gt; You don't think he trains like you? &gt;&gt; No, I've been around everyone. I I haven't come across a boxer who trains like me and I don't think I will either because again, I'm willing to put my life on the line for this. Like, I really will. It's plan a see world champion or or put me in a coffin, mate. &gt;&gt; That's heavy stuff. &gt;&gt; That's it, man. I ain't got time to be thinking about anything else other than what I set out to do. Why would you set out for something and then turn halfway back? Especially when I'm that now seeing the fruits of the labor. You know what I'm saying? So people like Woody Hutchinson or any opponent, it doesn't matter who it is. These are just opponents to me, man. It's like it's part of the job. Same way someone does a 9 to5 and clock in and does a thing and goes home. Same thing. I'm going to go there, sacrifice, put everything into every training camp I have, go out there and have a easy fight. All my fights have been relatively, no disrespect to my opponents, easy because I train so hard. Train hard, fight easy. That's exactly what it is, man. I've got the formula. And it's the same thing on the 24th of Jan. &gt;&gt; And 24th of Jan is a key kind of thing to bring up there because that means training through Christmas. That means more sacrifice. So, what does your what will your Christmas look like this year? &gt;&gt; Probably going to look like a six mile run and maybe some technical padwork. I'll be honest. No apple crumbles, no no sch slur, none of that stuff, you know, no jaw chicken, which I love. So, &gt;&gt; but you say it with a smile on your face there. But, but there is an element of you are like maybe going to have time away from your family and that that's going to be difficult, right? That doesn't normally happen around this time, does it? &gt;&gt; Not really. But, you know what? I've done it so so I'm so accustomed to sacrifice. Whatever sacrifice I'm going to have to do and embark on, I'll do it with a smile on my face because I know this is what champions do. Champions do this stuff. You know what I'm saying? The average man can't do this stuff. I'm not the average man. I'm the world champion. That's how I see myself. So, I'm do I'mma do that if you know if I have to go stay in the mountains for 5 months because I've got a a huge fight coming up. I will do that if I need to. You know what I'm saying? I'm willing to go that extra mile. So, yeah. It's just this these little sacrifices here and there for long-term gain. You know what I'm saying? So that's what it is. &gt;&gt; When did this happen mentally, Ezra? Because I've heard you talk about how once upon a time you were just a scared little boy &gt;&gt; and some things completely switched up in you. Can you pinpoint when when that was where you just said, "I'm a man now. Forget that little boy that I was. That scared little boy. &gt;&gt; I'm Ezra Taylor. I'm the man." &gt;&gt; Boxing. I think that's what's kind of made me mature into the person I am today. And the mentality I have now is through boxing. Nothing else other than that. Boxing and obviously God as well. My faith has made me believe in myself wholeheartedly cuz I just give it all to God. But in terms of me turning from a boy to a man, it's like you believe in something, you don't you have an unwavered type of belief. You know what I'm saying? I don't lean on my friend to to reinforce, you know, are you a good boxer or whatever else. I believe that before I was even a good boxer, I'm going to be a great boxer and I'm on the journey to do so. So, it's all just about your mentality. That's all. It's like your your mentality can be everything. It could be the downfall or your or your uprising. You know what I'm saying? And for me, each training camp, I'm mature because I have to go to such a dark place. It's made me realize what I have to do and how I have to be uh to even just achieve a fraction of what I'm what I'm about. You know what I'm saying? at Dev I want to be the best in the whole world. That's a feat that a lot a lot of people can't say or even you know uh fathom in a sense and that has made me have to take my mind somewhere else that other people can't comprehend. So I was a lot of internalizing that yeah you are the world champ you are you are the man and you are going to do what you need to do. So &gt;&gt; yeah and again it's boxing what's made me do that. me sitting at the at the table today looking at everyone else and you know speaking to Willie or whatever having Frank next to me that's what's made me realize that you know what yeah this is what you you are destined for this this is not no chance there's not no luck and you're destined for this so each day reinforces what I what I'm about and what I believe in &gt;&gt; you sort of conquered yourself &gt;&gt; yeah 100% and again conquering myself that I didn't even know I needed conquering you know what I'm saying like I've came to the realization that I'm probably a bit too disciplined I can't be in certain places and enjoy because I'm so disciplined. I'm so thinking of the next thing. I may go out and shake a little leg, but I'm like, "Oh boy, I need to go do a six, seven mile run tomorrow morning." You know what I'm saying? Like, if I go to bed at 3:00 a.m., I've got to go to bed the next day at 9:00 p.m. Like, this is how my mind turns over. And if I speak to someone, they say, "You don't need to do that. You can just chill. You can just do that." Whatever else. And that could also make me settle a little bit. That's why I'm such a I've got that what you know them horses with them things under &gt;&gt; the tunnel vision looking at one thing and that is that's it. Like I said, no plan no plan B at all. &gt;&gt; Well, listen. Let's take your tunnel vision to that camera there because that camera is Willie Hutchinson. He had a message for you. I wonder if you have a message for him. &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchinson, you're getting it. The 24th of January, I'm going to punch you so hard in your chin. You're going to question if you want to do this anymore going forward. And your body as well, mate. Protect that as well. Pleasure as always, Ezra Taylor.