Kind: captions Language: en You and Louis Edmonson have done various faceoffs. You've been in each other's face too much. Too many times you've faced off and talked and the fight hasn't happened. &gt;&gt; You ain't sure it's going to happen. I was meant to fight you tomorrow. Why is it happening in May? Cuz you're fighting someone else. You're fighting someone else in May. Why? Why not made attempt to fight attempt? We never got off. Let's do it. &gt;&gt; It is happening October 25th. Big stage. He's very hungry. He wants it. What are you thinking heading into this? &gt;&gt; I mean, I can't wait for this one, Dev. to be fair. Um, it's a fight I've wanted for a long, long time. &gt;&gt; I'm feeling great, man. It's been a long time coming. I've been trying to get this guy for so long. &gt;&gt; Obviously, it's had other plans. I've had some other good fights along the way. Um, obviously, another big fight was at Wembley, another big stage against Daniel Lapin. Um, so yeah, on Taylor now. &gt;&gt; I had to get myself in a position to be a mandatory for him to take the fight and we're here now. So, yeah, I'm looking forward to man. I can't wait. It's such a long time for me to get ready for him. Oh man, I could fight this guy tomorrow. Never mind a whole what, six weeks, five weeks. It's crazy. &gt;&gt; It did get quite heated in that face off. &gt;&gt; Feels like there's a lot of animosity between the two of you. &gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, it's been building for a long time and um yeah, we generally really don't like each other and um it's guaranteed fireworks no matter what. &gt;&gt; What don't you like about him? &gt;&gt; I cannot stand that aura of his death, you know? It's um it's that he's up his own ass. He's thinks his don't stink. He's just an absolute sausage. &gt;&gt; Cuz I I remember the press conference of course when you and Troy were fighting just beforehand. It was in fight week. Louie was doing coms and you both sort of looked at each other and said, "Yeah, we'd both mess you up." What like what a moment that was. &gt;&gt; How important is it that neither of you get distracted by the very obvious presence of the champion here who's going to be watching all week? &gt;&gt; Do you know what's funny? Me and Troy, we both don't even rate this guy. Like, we both don't rate Louis Everson. It's crazy. Not in the slightest. Listen, not in the slightest. You see this? You see this? This is a harder fight than you, bro. So, you know, when I get through him, you're finished. &gt;&gt; Let's not talk. Let's not talk like that, &gt;&gt; bro. Listen, listen. You're finished. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Crazy. Big old trophy. But we're just telling the truth. We're just speaking our truth. Like, he's there and he's giving it some But it's like pipe down because, you know, we're I class Troy as a as a real fighter. You know what I'm saying? like regardless of his skill, whatever, he's got skill, but he's got more heart than skill. Um, so there's levels to this. You know what I'm saying? Like Louie, you're here. You know what I'm saying? I'm not saying I'm up here, but I'm definitely here. You know what I'm saying? Above you. &gt;&gt; Do you think he's underestimated you? &gt;&gt; I think so. Yeah. And um they all do death until they get in there and then uh they're all confused. It happens all the time. &gt;&gt; You've been saying I could fight him tomorrow. &gt;&gt; You know, it's easy work that that kind of thing, but it's not right. I mean, he's got a win over Dan Aziz. He's he's been in there with lapping. This is the biggest step up of your career. &gt;&gt; On paper, it is 100%. I don't know. Um, you could question Troy Jones was a, you know, formidable opponent. He's got a bit more grit than Louisie. Dan Aziz, did he really win that fight? Questionable. Daniel Lapping, he's upset that he thinks he got robbed. Questionable. I don't go to for nail with my opponents. They get dominated. The difference between me and him. So now on the 25th, you get to see it. &gt;&gt; Do you rate him as a fighter? &gt;&gt; Listen, he wouldn't be here if he wasn't decent enough. Let's have it right. I'm not going to sit here and say I think he's but um I don't think he's nowhere near the level he believes he is. Um I don't think he's nowhere near the level of other opponents that I fought. Um I don't think he's mixed it at with the opponents of the level that I fought either. And um I think on October the 25th he's gonna be in for a big shock. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like it's your breakout moment in the sport? &gt;&gt; Um I'd say so. I'd say so just because of the occasion as well. You know what I'm saying? Joseph Parker fighting Fabia Wally. Crazy fight. Um at the O2. Crazy. I can't remember the last fight at the O2 and I'm on it as as chief of support as in co-main event. Me Ezra Taylor. It's crazy. I don't really think about the opponent. I just think about myself. You know what I'm saying? And I've been ready for nights like this. So now I get to hone in on it, you know what I'm saying? Get to enjoy it. So I'm looking forward to to just putting on a crazy show. I'm going to steal the show. Sorry, Joseph. Sorry, Fabio. This is my show. &gt;&gt; So stylistically, what sort of fight is this? &gt;&gt; This fight with Ezra? Well, he believes he's a big puncher and um I believe he's got slow feet, so I'm going to use my feet to my advantage and uh make him miss and make him pay. You said he believes he's a big puncher. Do you not believe he's a big puncher? &gt;&gt; I don't believe so. No, &gt;&gt; I really don't because uh the people that he's been knocking out as cab drivers, Uber drivers. So, it's um it's one of them. The first live opponent that he fought in Troy Jones, I believe a big punch of somebody that's knocking people out of good level, you know. So yeah, I think there's probably going to be a bit of juice there like there is in anybody in the light heavyweight division. And it doesn't matter who you are, whether they can punch or whether they can't punch or that sort of weight. You still got to be still got to be careful. You know, you can't just keep eating shots no matter who you are. &gt;&gt; You've said something in the past. You said, "I'm maybe not born for this, but I'm built for this." Can you talk me through that? &gt;&gt; Built for it. I weren't born for it. I was a insecure little boy. You know what I'm saying? with no confidence and no matter no amount of minerals or grit that I have right now. You know what I'm saying? But I've built myself up over and over over the trials and tribulations that my team knows. Only I know about all of them and I've built myself to this stage now that I'm ready for. You know what I'm saying? Some people get shy when they see the light of the big stage. Like I embrace it. I'm excited for this. I can't wait to show thousands in attendance that that I'm the man in the light heavyweight division. I'm the man in boxing full stop. But it's just the opportunity is here now for me to step into it and show and prove. You know what I'm saying? I've been talking the talk since the start of me being at Queensbury, you know what I'm saying? And they finally gave me the opportunity to showcase it against Louis Edmonson. It's sad for him, but it's amazing for me. So 25th October, I'm just going to rip him apart. &gt;&gt; You didn't seem too impressed with his win over Troy Jones. You were there that night. You you sort of got in each other's face afterwards. You said you're going to need to be better than that, mate, against me. What? Why? What? What didn't impress you that night? &gt;&gt; He just got hit way too much. He got hit way too much for my liking. And um obviously he sparred Troy a lot. So they knew each other inside out. So um I don't think there was as much pressure there cuz they knew each other so well. Um I thought yeah I thought it was a very very close fight and yeah, he's going to have to be a lot better than that to um to beat me 100%. I remember hearing you say that at one point on your phone the screen saver or the background image was the was it the WBC International so you made it happen you saw it you believed it and you achieved it right &gt;&gt; so is it a similar kind of thing here with the British and Commonwealth titles are they are they your phone background will they be &gt;&gt; they don't need to be my background anymore because what I realized is that whatever I want I'm going to go get you know what I'm saying I'm going to find a way no matter what it takes I'm going to find a way to get I have God on my side I put faith first and and everything else just kind of just falls in place. Um, I put the WBC International as my screen saver and I got it. I don't need to put no more belts as my screen saver cuz I just know in my head what I want now is going to be a thing. I've been wanting them British titles from whenever Louis got it. I was like, "Oh, I want that. If he can get it, I can definitely get it." And you know what? I want to fight him for it. And now look, it's happening. As much as we've tried, we've done the face off. We've I've been to his fight, came to my fight, been going back and forth forever. Now it's here. You know what I'm saying? I'm kind of I know it's a part of my job. I'm kind of done with the talking now. Like I just want to lock in and just hone in on what what's waiting for me and that's the titles. That's that's for me to become British champion. A real British champion. I don't think Louis Emerson even even is one at that. Um but it's my time to be there. &gt;&gt; Can you believe that you are where you are at this point? You're a British and Commonwealth champion. You're on a great show at the O2. You've just been on at Wembley Stadium as well. There was one point where it looked like you probably won't box again. &gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, it's crazy, Dev really. And um I saw Al Smith the other day and he was saying like I haven't seen him since I won the British title and stuff and he was saying it's crazy. He said I never cuz I was in his gym when I had all the infections and stuff. I had septmia and I was saying like I never thought you was going to fight again. And to be fair um my whole city didn't think I'd fight again. Do you know like they always run them around the pubs, everyone's talking he's never going to fight again cuz I had like however many years of operations and stuff and we just kept grinding. We kept chip chipping away. Me and my coach Jacob we were just chipping away chipping away have an operation bit more time out the gym set to see me more time out the gym chipping away in between. So it's it's we we've always had this dream and always chasing it, you know, no matter what never thought about giving up. But a lot of people didn't think I'd be here today. Um, and yeah, it's it's crazy really, but we keep pushing and we're nowhere near where we want to be. We're just getting started. We're only 12 fights in. And um, yeah, obviously my sponsors, my team, 365 Boxing Moxing Management, Jake McWill, have always believed in me. We've always kept chipping through. I mean, I remember being away with camp with Billy Joe and I had like patches in trying to patch up the scar. It's my first camp away with Billy Joe. I thought I' got to go no matter how bad it is. I was over there was pissing out of blood and the patches were coming out. I was infected. It It was a nightmare, but we're here today and um yeah, we're just going to keep pushing, but we believe we got a lot more to give yet. &gt;&gt; What do you mean he's not a real British champion? &gt;&gt; He's what? He secured a belt. If um correct me if I'm wrong, in 2024 against he hasn't defended it once. Just ask him the question why you haven't defended the British belt because you know like the the British pool of boxers are kind of serious, right? You want to go this way and this way, but now you have to see me. And to me, that's the hardest fight to take in the UK right now cuz I'm fresh and I'm hungry. Um, there's a lot of people that's starting to plateau. You know what I'm saying? And he could have other people could have been lining up to fight him or whatever, but it's me. I made myself mandatory to get to this position. Now, I want to be the British champion. I want to be the Commonwealth champion. I'm going to be. So, with him, I just don't feel like he's a he has enough qualification to be a British champion. You know what I'm saying? Because like I said, you're going to forell and having back and forth with these people that shouldn't be having back and forth with you. If you say you're a British champion, you went back and forth with Daniel Lapin, but like weakling, that's crazy. He couldn't be in the ring with me and that's that wouldn't be a thing. So again, it's my time to show why these guys don't belong in the ring. Like there serious levels, Dev, and I'm going show it. &gt;&gt; Where do you see this kind of Louis Edmonson story going? You've got to get Ezra Taylor out of the way thriving light heavyweight division in this country. I don't know if you saw the graphic that Queensbury put out of all the light heavyweights they've got. It looks like it's all there for you. &gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, there's all the light heavies at Queensbury, aren't they? There's so many good fighters there. A week after they got that show in Manchester, Linda fighting Bradley Ray, you got it's all going on. Willy's fighting Mark Jeff soon and there's loads of good fights there, but really with uh all eyes on Ezra Taylor now, all locked in on that. Don't want to start looking past that. will get that job done and then we want Daniel Lapin rematch. Um Daniel Lapin said in the presser that he wants that fight again cuz I think their team was a little bit unsure on the decision too. Um I'm pretty they're fighting men. I think they want to try and they want to fight that fight again as I heard him saying in a press conference with Troy Jones and we want that fight again but um first step we just um yeah we want Ezra Taylor obviously that's happening now come through that in fantastic fashion and then um go from there probably have a little rest because this will be my fourth title fight now in 11 months so three 12s and a 10 in 11 months so have a little bit of time off after this one &gt;&gt; and then hopefully look at the Daniel Lappen fight afterwards. &gt;&gt; Let me just uh let me just ring that first bell. It's October 25th. Let me take you there. Ding ding. In your mind, what's going to happen? &gt;&gt; It's just going to be annihilation. It's going to be a performance from a posed professional, someone who's composed and very experienced and very seasoned. People are going to be not going to believe how seasoned experienced um I look in comparison to the experience I have. Um I'm going out there to to make a statement, man. It's always been a statement. You know what I'm saying? But the last fight, Troy Jones, I went out there to make a dominant performance cuz I know Troy was tough anyway. So, I was like, "All right, if I don't stop him, it's cool. I'm going to dominate." That's exactly what I did. There's no there's no time for none of that anymore. I'm going out there to hurt people. I'm going out to hurt Louis. I'm going out there to demolish him in every way, in a skillful way at that. So, I go in there, I have no emotion, man. I don't I ain't going in there swinging or whatever else. I'm just going to go in there and do what my corner told me to do and execute in the best way possible. And it's going to be beautiful. So, this fight then, Ezra Taylor, it feels like this one means an awful lot. It feels like neither of you can afford a loss because you've both really talked up your chances. How determined are you to get the job done? &gt;&gt; 100%. It's um it's going to bring that fire out. I mean, I feel like I haven't had this fire in a fight since the ABA finals when I was 17. You know, this um is that real that real grit, that real needle there and um it's going to bring the best out of me 100%. &gt;&gt; Best of luck. Thank you. Appreciate that, man. &gt;&gt; I wish you the best of luck, mate. &gt;&gt; Cheers, D. Thanks a lot.