Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen in attendance, boxing fans joining us across the UK on Sky Sports and sports fans joining us around the world. Welcome to Hampton Park in Glasgow, Scotland for the main event of the evening, a 10 round heavyweight special attraction. And it's all brought to you by Frank Warren Sports Network in association with America presents and Showtime Championship Boxing as sponsored by Fight Time 2001 and Promote Classic. This bout coming away is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control. The chairman and steward in charge is Lord Brooks of Chora. Physicians at ringside. Our chief medical officer is Dr. Gordon Duff. Timekeepers at the bell. Also keeping count of the knockdowns, we have James Russell and Ricky Gilmore. Introducing to our referee in charge of this bout. Also scoring the action, John Coyle. All right, fans. Here we go. The time has come for our main event of the evening, a heavyweight special attraction scheduled for 10 rounds of boxing. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from Glasgow, Scotland, it's showtime. [Applause] Introducing to you first ladies and gentlemen on my left fighting out of the blue corner wearing blue trunks and fighting out of and representing Houston, Texas in the United States. He weighed in at 17 stone 3 and 14 lb or 241 and 14 US lb. His record stands at 39 wins, three losses with 32 big wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, he is currently ranked the number 17 heavyweight contender by the WBC. Here is the former USBA heavyweight champion introducing [Applause] Lavarie and his opponent, ladies and gentlemen, across the ring the world over. from my right, fighting out of the blue corner, entering the ring, wearing his traditional black trunks, fighting out of and representing Catkill New York in the United States. His weight 15 stone, 12 lb, 222 US lb. His record stands at 47 wins, three losses, one no contest with 41 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the youngest man ever to win the heavyweight title, currently ranked the WBO number one contender, presenting the twotime heavyweight champion of the world. Ladies and gentlemen, he's back. Introducing the one and only Iron Mike Tyson. [Applause] Once again, a referee in charge, John Coyle. Obey the rules at all times, display good sportsmanship, and obey my instructions. Shake hands. Good luck to you both. John Coyle, he's been a referee for 30 years. Tyson this time fighting outdoors and coming in top. That's not usual for him, is it? Usually just comes in with the black boots and a little towel and the black shorts. Yes, it is. He'll be cool here. So he'll want to ramble off. The one thing you don't want to do is get a get a bit of a chill or cool down. You're nice and warm just you want to keep that warm. First time he stay outdoors since way in Las Vegas in 1991. Tyson 21 victories. Is this going to be another one? You wonder every punch that Tyson threw. Looks like a kick is on the floor. He looks badly shaken up within the first 10 or 15 [Applause] seconds. He's going to get through this opening round. He's going to be stopped. He's going to be stopped. It's all over. He's trying to stop it and Tyson quite certainly don't think he has to study. The fight is over. It is stopped just in the quickest win previously. is 30 seconds against Maris Graasia. [Applause] Well, it was over before it had started. His very first punch basically ended the contest. do the job is [Music] never [Music] really he wanted to get [Music] that right away,000 radio but people wanted more for their money simply What was that? 25 37 33 seconds we reckon. We'll have to wait for the official time. It might officially be the quickest of Tyson's career. We'll wait and see what they say officially. Well, officially I'm told here at ringside it will be announced as 38 seconds. It will be announced as 38 seconds. The time keeper has told us. This is what happened. Wasn't much of it. It was pretty explosive. Yes, it's a good left hook. He gets full leverage into that. Really gets all his power. Shot on the the top of the head really just on the the side and it was a a really good punch from T. Really got everything into that and he just bubble the legs went straight away down. He went really heavily. He did get up from that. But then Tyson, who's always been one of the great finishers, was on him in an instant, wasn't going to let him off. And John Coyle had a terrible job trying to actually make himself understood that the fight was off. Tyson just wanted to keep on going for it, didn't he? Well, I I think he must have really knew what what Jono was trying to do cuz Jon Co got in the way. Here it is. Here it is, Ben. This is a finish. Well, he's he's got him going there. He's hurt. He's running in trying to get there. The punch is on. There's a good uppercut went in there. He just kept the left hook there. And at that point, the legs were really gone. That one finished the job. Another big left hand. Really badly hurt. That's where the referee wanted to step in. Tyson wasn't coming anywhere. I want more of it. He says, "This is the guy who said at the press conference, I enjoy hurting people." Yep. And he really tries. He now comes around the other side. Watch this. He goes around the other side to get a shot in and nearly fells John Coyle. I think he got John Coyle with a left hook there as well. He's got a good chin. John Co. And really, he just didn't want he did not want he wanted to inflict more punishment. He wanted to hurt Lucies more. And here John Cole is actually speaking to Tyson saying, "Look, I've stopped the fight. It is over." And some of the Scottish fans are pretty upset, but I have to tell you, it's only the second time in 43 fights that Samarice has been stopped. Nobody's done it this quickly [Music] before. And it's the 22nd first round win of Tyson's career. Look at this. John was taking his own life in his hands for a moment there. He won't forget tonight in a hurry either. anymore. It didn't last very long when he was trying to be excited. He was trying to get a shot there. The realization I think that the fight's over. Was that it? What is it through? Well, Drew, he's still he's still got the punch. He's got the power. He's got the speed. But, you know, other than that, there was maybe not up to what we thought from Larice. Desperately disappointed with his effort. He was so determined to put in a big show here that he never had a chance. Tyson was on him like a harsh shark within the opening seconds. And once that first left hook landed to the temple, it was all over effectively. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 38 seconds in round number one. A referee in charge, John Coyle, stops the contest and the winner, Iron Mike Tyson. [Applause] Okay, thank you Steve. There's only one God Muhammad peace be upon him is this prophet. I dedicate this fight to my brother Dar B who died. I'll be there to see you. I love you with all my heart. All praise be to my children. I love you. Oh God. Amen. What is this? Your shortest fight ever in any time? amateur professional ever. Asalam alaikum. Um I don't know, man. Yeah. Yeah. Lennux Lewis. Lennox, I'm coming for you. Is it frustrating to train like you did and then have this fight for this fight? I only trained probably two weeks or three weeks for this fight. I had to bury my best friend and I dedicated this fight. I wasn't going to fight. I dedicated this fight to him. I was going to rip his heart out. I'm the best ever. I'm the most brutal and vicious. Most ruthless champion there's ever been. There's no one can stop me. Lynx is a conqueror. No, I'm Alexander. He's no Alexander. I'm the best ever. There's never been anybody's ruthless. I'm Sunny List and I'm Jack Dincy. There's no one like I'm from their claw. There's no one that can match me. My style is impetuous. My defense is impregnable and I'm just ferocious. I want your heart. I want to eat his children. Praise be to Allah. Are you saying now Mike? [Applause] All right, Steve. you guys could decipher that and uh I think he's made his feelings pretty clear, but it's not easy to take him at his word there. Here's Tyson with Ian. Mike, I think the crowd wanted to see more of you, but that was pretty explosive stuff. Yeah. Thank you. All praise be to Allah. Much love to my brother Daryl B. That was your friend who died last weekend. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Thank you for recognizing him. the whole great Brennon Scott and Michael Catz for talking about him in the paper. I like to give my best to Mr. Mr. Mr. Craig, Mr. Craig, I have much respect for you. I'm never going to denounce you. I don't care what they say. I watched you today on I love you, my friend. Thank you for all your support. Do you feel now as if you're right back to something like your best? No, I'm nothing. I was God was with me on this side. Maybe my brother Daryl, I caught him with a left hook. I wasn't in any shape, but I'll be better next time. What do you say to those people of Scotland who turned out here tonight and they obviously wanted to see more of Mike Tyson. Now, you can't do much about that though, can you? Your job is to get the job done. They know my pedigree. If they're my fan, they know what I do. What about Lennox Lewis now? Is that the next fight? Do you think if it can be made? Well, listen. Right. I'm going to keep it real. I'm not ready for him right now. When the time comes, I I invisitate him. He's no match for me when I'm right. There's no one that can ever match me when I'm right. Why aren't you ready for him now than Mike? I need more training. I haven't had time. I've been off. I had I had 12 fights in 10 years. Of course, he wants me now. I'm rusty. I want I want him when when I'm right. I can go in him and rip out his heart and feed it to him. When When might that be, do you think? How many more fights? Quite soon. Okay. Thanks a lot. He's pretty steamed up. Pretty steamed up, Mike Tyson, as he makes his way back to the dressing room. Back to you, Paul. That may be because he's still got quite a lot of energy unused after that. It's certainly one of the quickest wins of Tyson's career. the 22nd first round stoppage. As to what it proves that we didn't know already, that's a different topic and we'll get some thoughts from Julius Francis, Jim Watt, and Barry McGwigan on that. Saves blown away and Tyson left to enjoy his moment of triumph. If triumph that was. I think we can say there's been a mixed reception at Hampton to that, but the Tyson fans believe he is the man, so they'll certainly lord him for this display. Whatever we can say, it's one of the easiest nights in Tyson's career. And from what he has been telling us since, he intends to prove that there is still a lot more to come. Right, we'll get further reactions from Hampton when we come back. It's just about been as easy for Tyson as it could have been here.