Kind: captions Language: en LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THIS BOUT IS scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the EBU European Light Heavyweight Championship brought to you by Frank for Queensberry along with their great sponsors 32 red Riot Season Global Next Trade and that prize guy. It is stationed by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge Suzanne Pots along with the European Boxing Union supervisor Charles Giles timekeeper Phil Morris. Our three judges assigned will be Lee Every of England, Victor Luckland of Scotland, and Mark L of England. Our referee in charge will be Kieran McCann of England. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Introducing to you first the challenger fighting out of the red corner. He comes and ring wearing red with black and weighed in officially at 174.13 lbs. Hailing from right here, Manchester, England. He has a professional record of 24 wins, three defeats with 16 of his 24 wins coming by way of knockouts. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, PLEASE WELCOME THE CHALLENGER and former IBO light heavyweight world champion [cheering] Lincoln and his opponent across the ring. He is the defending champion fighting out of the blue corner. We're wearing the light blue with white and they are officially at 173.18 lb. [cheering] Hailing from right here, Manchester, England, he has a professional record of 21 wins, just one defeat. 10 of his 21 wins come by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, HERE IS THE REIGNING AND defending EBU European light heavyweight CHAMPION the speed. [cheering and applause] Now listen up. Folks both in the dressing room, you know, respect, okay? Keep the fight clean. Obey my commands. Most importantly, just protect yourself at all times. All right, take that. &gt;&gt; Two down, two to go. It's been a good night so far. First defense of the prestigious [cheering] EVU 12 stone 7 European crown. Once owned by the excellent Pinton Woods and before him, one of my fighting heroes, John Conti. What a man he was from Liverpool. Reigning champion Bradley Stingray after that quarter of a fight against the experienced Shack and Pitters on GBN's June show. Now an all Manchester derby. Rays a City fan in the light blue. Lyndon Arbory United man and a tough proud fighter who Barry will surely test the level of Ray tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he will. I mean, he got so much natural agility in the L, you know, lovely smooth jab. [cheering] He punches in a fantastic rhythm, but he can coach fights at times and like like Ray, he can't push the pace, but he might find himself in trouble if he doesn't use his experience and take the fight down. Yeah, that that lead hand from Lafa is such an effective weapon. It really is. He's got good variation with the shot. Not many signs. Oh, look. And it sets up that shot there, Adam. The right one hand that follows straight down the pipe. Very good combination that the rhythm on the shot. I mean, it's not that fast. It's just really good rhythm and timing. &gt;&gt; Sweet one, two, wasn't it from Lynon Arthur and another right hand and Ray just looking in these birds with a ride of his own. And no feeling out process here with these two spy, many rounds in the past. It's the &gt;&gt; European title on the line and both of them want to go home with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Brad Ray as well. He's very very classy and such a joy to watch when he puts the shots together. But will he be allowed to do that this evening against someone like Lindon who moves really really well? That orthodox jab, the lovely jab of Lynon Array switches styles at times, tries to attack the body early. I thought he was really good against Shakan Pinners. He's a hard night's work for anyone in a a barn burner in the summer and he edged that one by his mobility and punch picking from angles too &gt;&gt; and forcing the pace as well. I think that's important that he has to dictate that pace. Even that world hustle by Tyler Denny down at middleweight which was no Tyler Denny team would be fantastic European champion himself but I think he's learned from that you know if one thing that happens to me I don't get all work anymore which are fitter than anyone else &gt;&gt; yeah seven straight wins since and five inside the distance &gt;&gt; and he jumped through super middleweight right up to light heavy too allowed his body to breathe relocated to blackpool now Brady has put the hard work in this is a good start from Lind A that jab so precise fabulous it's been a really really good start from Linda not taking any silly risk he's given it nice and simple the jab the one two smart boxing telling me before the end third fight he wish he'd trained like this all his career he looks absolutely on strong here tonight [music] Arthur Best shots out the way to the serious. That's the best shot he's ever on you. Right. Negatives. You're creeping into range like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bra. Don't be in. Come into range and come back out when you shoot. Don't stay in there to be it. Come in range. No movement. Step out of range. Take an angle. Right. Good next time, Lou. &gt;&gt; Yeah, sound advice in there. The corner of Bradley Ray there. Just saying when you when you're in range, don't just stand there, you know, get busy letting the shots go. You can't just stand there and get peppered like that. Saying it's the best shot you're going to get hit with. So, can he respond here? Bradley Ray. An excellent start from King Lynon Arthur in this challenge for the European title. Former IBO holder and Commonwealth champion as well. He got one win over Anthony in the trilogy and that was largely from his beautiful jab, his boxing skills. He's always had them. Been around a long, long time. turnover in September 2016. A couple of years later, Brad Ray who's finding his feet at light heavy and winning this European title mate. It's It's not going to be easy now. This is what Andy wants in the corner. In and out of range from Ray. &gt;&gt; After the jab, he steps with it. So, it's a bit more weight than what you would you would think. And he comes from the waist. He's using this as a flicking jab, but he he takes a little step with that front foot. So gives it a bit more weight, but it comes back low. And that's where if he can just parry that jab and just block it, then he got an entry. He's got to really quicken his feet up to get there. And I'll tell you what he does, and we haven't seen it yet. He leads well with that right handed. He'll throw it on its own. We see that against Pitts in his last fight. Really, really good. This is better work. Starting to up the tempo, Ra, but he's using his feet, isn't he? In and out of range. He's listened to &gt;&gt; the advice from the corner. Brad Ray switching like he did against Peters. The southpaw style now as well. Just trying to befunnel Arthur and not let go around the back set in a rhythm. And this is good work from Grand R. &gt;&gt; Just heard Arthur there who's backed up in his own corner. BROWN RAZER decent puncher coming back with an uppercut. Terrific action. Second round of this one. &gt;&gt; Lovely response there from Arthur cuz that right hand was on the back of the glove. He didn't see it and just stiff the legs of Arthur but I think he's recovered here. &gt;&gt; Big punches Barry going in early here. &gt;&gt; He's just got to stay low though Bradley. You got to stay nice and underneath those long shots and bring the punches over the top. &gt;&gt; The eyes bad though. Yeah, left eye of Ray. The jab straight into it. That's nasty around the side for the man from Stratford. [sighs] They're going to have to work on that. It's a beautiful in the second round. IT WAS A HEAVY FALL. THE COUNT OF EIGHT. 20 SECONDS LEFT. BRIAN RAY WHOSE [cheering] LEFT EYE IS closing here. [screaming] He's going to throw something back. He needs the power. just a very good fantastic shot by hand and left it do not load up when you start getting him going. &gt;&gt; Beautiful shot. &gt;&gt; There's that right and he misses, does it? But what it does do, it puts him in a position to throw that left perfectly. &gt;&gt; He's done well to survive. There wasn't long, was there? 20 seconds. But thunderous left. &gt;&gt; I got to say though, he walked back to his corner. Arthur sound. He was okay. He recovered. He really had three. &gt;&gt; Bell came at the right time. Into the third round we go. They've worked on the eye in the corner. 108 in a big session. The second [laughter] from Brandy Ray. And here comes Lindon Arthur. Well, let's move on. Right hand back from Arthur. What's becoming a real war at light heavyweight here in Manchester. What a start to this contest. Hard miss. And that's only going to damage that left eye even worse. Just going for broke here. I thought this had 12 rounds all over it. It might be done in three. &gt;&gt; Race forced Arthur to let his hands go. I think he's so good when he let his hands go, isn't he? Linda and quite often he's happy just to to pick his shots and move away. Slip and fly. &gt;&gt; There's some swelling just on the upper left cheek of Lynden Arthur as well to add to what's going on. You can't take your eyes off this one. Ryan Arthur, &gt;&gt; he coming off the back of that barrier, I think he really understands, don't you think the the significance of this fight and what winning the European title would do to his career at this later stages and you're seeing that plenty of ambition, isn't there? Well, even though it's a big title, but where he's been boxing tiles or big tr from the conversation good from Ray just misses with that left hook again and Arthur's got to be careful there's his hands go authority of course &gt;&gt; 26 knockouts between Not many recently &gt;&gt; just waiting a little bit now after that knockdown in the previous round. He's not as proactive with that jab. He's got to be a bit quicker sharper as he was. I think he's just listen to you out a couple. But back comes Wayne with these combinations of the head off. He gets one on the inside. That was a cheeky shot of opening that way up and back. He just looks like he This is bullish. It really is aggressive. Let the shots go. Triple right hook from Ray. And &gt;&gt; you can tell they know each other that they start together cuz again after doing some good work just goof. He knows he's going to take a rest. So he's going to keep the hands low and just keep starting with that right hand there. Ring. The younger man by seven years, Brad Ray back to Southpaw. What an opening three rounds we've had here. European title on the line. And it's something Brad Ray is determined to keep hold of and for the memory of Ricky Hat and he's fighting with everything tonight. But Arthur standing strong. You got the spoon out there. I haven't seen that for a long time. I really haven't. &gt;&gt; Again, just not the hardest target to find. Let's be honest. They're both looking to be more offensive. Certainly after more than usual. Let his hands go. It's quality work. again knowing that so well he's still taking a rest and fire when you go with you have to be defending okay high guard coming in but don't just clear this way high &gt;&gt; when you're coming in slip and circle &gt;&gt; train by Andy then Ricky Hatton but now he's gone to Andy ail he's had a long relationship ship with him, &gt;&gt; but he committed full time, got himself digs in Blackpool, reinvented himself, Brad Ray, Cole, what a start to this. What a what a fight so far. I think Lynman had a great first round. His job, by the way, when he uses it correctly, is maybe one of the best jobs in British boxing. But Ray's just starting to get a little bit closer and landing shots a little bit too often, too early for me. We're only, you know, we're in the round four in this fight and I just think that that Lynon's been nailed a little bit too often too early. But it's a great fight so far. I have Ray obviously with the 108 round for a bit in front now. But Lynon, we just need to see him get back on that jab stuff that he done there. The one two was lovely. Walk in the one again. Yeah, I would be trading left hooks with Bre and Ray. Keep it nice and straight. get behind the jabber and you need to follow that right hand through. He's landed numerous times. It's Bra. He leans back that lead hand with another trouble for the second time in the fight. down in the second round and he's fighting back on those ropes. So he recovers right now because the legs all over the place and look at the fire back again under pressure. Let's have a square body shot from Ray. What a terrific fight there with that right hand. He's finding the opport that right uppercut through the guard. He's got to stop leaning back. He's getting caught with that straight right, but it was a good shot. Hurt Arthur once more. Pissed the round and his trainer Pat Barrett won a European title out in Italy a long time ago. What a fighter he was. Can Arthur become a European champion for the stable? He's got a lot of work to do. Brown has him where he wants him at the moment. against powers of recovery, Barry. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's been fantastic. I said when he got caught in the in the other round, he just walked back to his corner fresh as a daisy almost and and that's a real plus. But he is easier to hit than we've seen in the past here. Vindela and Brady Ray is easy to hit because he's again said he's kneeling back. He's nearly back in range, isn't he? He's got no distance there. So, he's allowing [laughter] Arthur to fully extend with that right hand over the top. I think he catches here in the center of the ring. He's got to be busy. That's better. Good work from Arthur. Last few seconds of what's been a compelling fourth round, but Brad Ray has won that one and he's got a big lead. Next Saturday, 25K. the cash prize. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the zone. An eightman superweight tournament. The heist GBM presents. Should be a fabulous night there. Really good arena and hull. Terrific atmosphere and something different. Barry Jones, which is great. We remember prize fighter. Why not? &gt;&gt; Look at me and say something different. Like I be like, we're not human. That's just cuz you've seen it or you know the the time you've been around boxing around a long time. &gt;&gt; I remember I used partner for Mariano back in the day. &gt;&gt; Did you enjoy prize fighter? &gt;&gt; I did. It was absolutely fantastic. Of course. Yeah. Really good to watch and really in a division idea that's been carried on. It's fantastic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Should be good next week in the super middleweight division. Eight fighters going for the big cash prize. But it's the big European title on the line here at 12 stone 7. Remember the red of the Manchester United fan led Arthur King Arthur. He's trying to wind back the clock, roll back the years and give a really good performance in. He looked good in the first round behind that jab. But Brad Ray has had him in trouble a couple of times. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has. And like we said already, he's maybe just hitting him a little too clean too early in this fight for me. But a bit tempted here to start around. Bradley Ray is. And I just think that Lyndon Arm that jab, I mean, I don't want to over exaggerate and I hope I'm not here, but I think when he has it fire and properly, it's one of the best jobs in British boxing like I already said, but he just needs to get back on it. And when Bradley Ray does get close, either time up or just create a little bit more distance, he's just allowing him to to fill that that that gap. I think it's so good because like I said earlier, he rips it from the waist which makes it hard to read, but he steps to get some weight. &gt;&gt; Very, very fast as well. But it does come back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. And that's where Bradley's having the success. &gt;&gt; Yes. the right hand over the top. Jump to the body there. &gt;&gt; But Ray with a punches landed 69- 55 and that knockdown in the second round &gt;&gt; knows he can hurt him. Ray Arthur's got back with clean shots, but Ray has shown a good chin up to now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the pace has just slowed down slightly in this fifth round. And this is where Linda needs to get back on that fantastic jab. Needs to be busy. &gt;&gt; And when you got a guy who jumps on the waist, you got to be careful for the left hook, but your right hand should be in front of your chin rather than the side of your head in front of your chin. So you almost block it as if coming up. You can actually block it and stop it. &gt;&gt; And when he throws that jab and the right hand that follows, you did it in the first round. It's a beautiful combination. Oh, &gt;&gt; I mean, it's textbook. It really is. throws it with such speed and accuracy. Love to see Brad Brady Ray just take his head off to the left and throw the right hand, try and time that jab and start being more of a bully now. Really, I think he he does want to walk in the shots. He knows that Arthur trying to set him up. But you see when he can attack there, he squared his feet up. But Arthur retreating because he's been hurt now. He's aware of what's coming at a little bit more wary when we attacks. So use that to your advantage. Be the bully now. jabs to head out and body in this round from Lindon Arthur. &gt;&gt; Better from him, a little calmer and cooler, which is what he would have wanted after a torid second and fourth. Radio next week. away from the credit familiar face for us, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Brilliant fighter back in the day. Fantastic coach now. &gt;&gt; And Zela as well, of course. One of the family members is Lyndman Arthur in the all red trying to eek out victory number 25. Might have hit that fifth round but he'll be behind and he'll know it but he's getting back behind the jab which is important. Carl gave him the previous round. It's um he's won it on your car. 108 was it the second round? &gt;&gt; Yeah. was 108 actually that through someone made a mistake there but [laughter] you didn't even give the 108 passing passing I pass but it wasn't me but yeah 10 there so actually one round further on in front than that but Lynon had a good round the last time I just think that far had mentioned it and Darn as well he needs to be coming forward a little bit more Bradley Ray and starting to fully you see when he I mean he he's a smaller man here we can see with own eyes but he he seems to be the stronger fighter and just standing off when it's tending it suits Lyndon Arthur and he just hit you with that job all right I like some of the stuff he was doing as well when he when Bradley Ray get close he's just relaxed in there was a middleweight remember unbeaten in his first 14 stop that but he's found this form like heavyweight and that left hook which did the damage in the second round but Arthur again comes back. He's trained long and hard for this Luminara and he knows this might be the last opportunity at a big title and he wants to take it at 34. Very effective to throw that extra puppets. Back comes off a beautiful one. &gt;&gt; Just when you think Ray's getting on top of him after finding Sophie. &gt;&gt; This is way Ray Ray wants him bullying him back up on the game try by Arthur who's not going anywhere here. Look, if you're Brad Ray, you've got to get busy here. You need to get working. Really let the shots go. Sort of slumbering his own work here. He's doing the right thing in the half to sort of nullify and grabbing hold of Ray to stop that work from using his experience in a right hand as well. Can Lindon Arthur turn this around? from here and roll to the right. You got to keep turning to the right and down. A little step to the right. [laughter] It takes away the right uppercut there from every time. Does she There you go. Don't come back to the left. Keep turning it, turning it and turning it. But he's finding holes as well in the event. I can't tell you how important that fifth round was for Linda. Just completely broke up any rhythm that Bradley Ray had. [music] We've still got more ahead, &gt;&gt; so stick with us. What a fight for the European title. Then it's the vacant WBA International top of the mill on the left of your screen. Joshua Operati with Virgil Hunter as Emma and Errol Johnson [music] working Zack Parker. Really good fight as this one is. We're being treated, aren't we? Yes, it's a really good scrap. You know, it means a lot to us. A lovely uppercut there from Lindon Ar trying to close the gap. He's got to keep acting with his hands when he's across all the chance to throw that up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just waiting far too long, wasn't he? In the fifth and the sixth round there. Bradley Ray needs to get busy. Closer now, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It is closer. And somehow we've got to the second half of this EVU like heavyweight title clash. looked like it'll all be over within three rounds. Remember Lindon Arthur on the floor in the second hurt again in the fourth but um just got his boxing back together when he gets that jab flowing the uppercuts the right hands he's got real ability Arthur fight number 28 for the man from Stretford's Brady Ray in his 23rd outing the fresher man but not the natural light heavyweight &gt;&gt; I don't think that's a factor though the actual strength part of it. I think that he's looked the stronger of the two when he'd been pushing forward, but you got to take away that jab of Arthur. That's his that's his key and so and then the right. &gt;&gt; He's just waiting far too long here. Bradley, right? &gt;&gt; And that just landed. Sorry, Darn. That's not like a one two. It's almost a one and a one. So, it's slow afterwards. I think we w it back in like a one two combination, but it's pretty clever. I think in London &gt;&gt; I think he's a really intelligent fighter Lyndon Arthur but Brad Ray knows he can hurt him as that right hand again it just bounces off the chin of Ray and is the difference the resilience here we wonder whether after all the years Lindon has still got that and Brad Ray has the power and experience I think's cited he's he's managing this fight well he's managed to turn it round, doesn't he? Lastly, he wants fighters to come on, but he [laughter] wants to set you up for that. Tap in with that jab and again with that right hand, the uppercut on the long right hand as we take a step back. So, Ray's got Ray's got a shot. He's got to move that head more. He you got to get lower. You almost got to get your chest over your front knee and let the puncher be brave enough. The punches slip over you. When you step on the inside, you come forward and you're pushing the attack and then land is the hook is sometimes you got to you got to get comfortable being uncomfortable and it's just your natural instinct to lean back whereas the more effective thing will be on your front foot slip slide get under the shots. Colleen Brad is learning and he only just won the European title against Shakis. It's a whole different level and Lindon Arthur has been campaigning world title challenger remember against Dmitri Bible at this stage for a long time. I don't think he's opened up over here really just you know sometimes you I got to close the gap I got to be aggressive sometimes you just walk him forward but he's not too easy to hit you got to get Louis rolls on again more often there's the uppercut again from Arthur but Ray doesn't seem to be bothered by that power of Lyndon Arthur he just is walking through shots here Ray the chain he knows he's got the ammunition and just the legs A little bit shaky from Lindon Arthur. [music] &gt;&gt; Well, this will be a good one. I know Darren Park is excited. back to Monty Carlo. December the 65. You just want to go see the fight still that I tell you what he's done really well, hasn't he? Linda, the last few rounds from center to his time for fight. He's kept it long and he's got to be a lot busy with the head movement, a static target. He's getting caught far too much and he's waiting far too long. &gt;&gt; I did think that Arthur was hurt at the end of the seventh. There was a slightly weary look as he went back to his corner. We'll see. Into the eighth we go. A terrific battle for the European 12 stone 75 lb belt. It's been um a prestigious title over the years. One that Tim has yet to [laughter] take. Can he do it? Second half of this fight with it looked after two or three rounds almost mission impossible. &gt;&gt; I be I'm finding this a little frustrating from Bradley. Not too sure what he's waiting for. He's got to get busy when he lets the shots go and he lands that left hook. See, I think cuz he knows he knows it can hurt him. He's [laughter] waiting for that one big shot. I think ironically when he got the big shot is when he let his hands go. He wasn't looking for it. He just it was a natural threat and one shot after the other. &gt;&gt; Yard has been stopped once by Anthony Yard four years ago, but that was in the fourth round. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; It was late in the second when he was flawed in this one which probably helped him but also the conditioning and back he comes. Good work from Arthur. He just wobbled there Brenmy Ray but again worked through the shots. This is good work from Ray. Good variation like to still see thought about defense after you've let the shots go. Lindon Ar get back on that jab. Sharp up and down. Look for that one two. You cannot miss with that right hand. He literally cannot miss. But he's allowing Arthur too much time, isn't he? To set it up jab set. Maybe that right hand's coming forward. You got to make him work at a higher pace. &gt;&gt; Good work from Arthur getting his punches going. really nice stuff here from Arthur in the eighth round comes way. &gt;&gt; I mean they are giving the fans real entertainment. I mean if you've got a ticket here in the co-op live tonight you you have got value for money. Yeah, I tell you what, it was a nice left to the body when there [laughter] surprised Bradley Ray and a lovely uppercut again there from Arthur. &gt;&gt; Good work of the course. &gt;&gt; Rego keeps taking that step down that you were trying a few rounds ago and he can double up with the left foot. Carly, you take that step step, you're in a safe zone if you like. Let the shots go. Look at this ride at the back end of this round. He's throwing everything into it after matching him. Oh, funny shot as well. What a good fight. Callum Simpson here. Callum Smith and also Ezra Taylor who's been down. &gt;&gt; Well, last week it was Ezra Taylor lighting up the world. Ezra, how do you reflect on your win at the O2? Wait for what he does. &gt;&gt; Good, man. It's another day in the office. &gt;&gt; Looking at these guys, I want to stick my teeth in the &gt;&gt; What are you making of this fight so far? &gt;&gt; It's a good fight. [music] It's a unexpectedly good fight. Feel like Lyndon should have been using his experience better here when it's a fighter. I want either one of these, man. I want that European title. &gt;&gt; What about the main event coming up? Waxi Parker. How you seeing that one? &gt;&gt; That's a that's a decent fight, but I feel like again, he's been at high level. I feel like you've got a bit more resilience than great to see. &gt;&gt; Thanks to Ezra Taylor. Career best performance last week at the O2. He's right in the mix, isn't he? Unexpectedly good fight. Well, it has turned into much more of a war than we thought. And it's been crackling action for this European belt. Brad Ray with the knockdown in the second. Lindel had came back in in middle rounds. Carl Fraction and he's seeing things now as we go into the ninth. I I think I have Arthur around in front. I don't have the scoreard here in the front and he's just been catching me through like I said. Uh but yeah, I I do have him I do have him in front. He just the fans don't do as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the fans have him in front. But &gt;&gt; I think that I think that Bradley Reyes maybe can do a little bit more when when he's getting caught with that one two. He's kind of standing in middle range with his head not moving very very static and and Linda just throws a big long one two and it nails him. He needs to be really close and working or way out of distance but just sometimes getting caught in the middle distance. Again, if there was anyone that might be stopped in throwing their shots, you'd think it would be Lindon Ar. He's the one who's been hurt. So if you're Bradley Brown, you know you can hurt your opponent. Get get busy. Let your shots go. &gt;&gt; And Lyndon Arthur has thrown real quality punches at times. It's some of these latter rounds. He has it. Do you know what he's done, Adam? He's not over complicated anything. He's kept it nice and simple, nice and sharp, accurate. [laughter] And it's worked for him. &gt;&gt; Experience that. There's two punches in there. A left and right and a double cut pretty much is what he's doing. Barely a left hook but that and and it's always walking onto the shot when you lean back towards the right hand. &gt;&gt; Is he winning it for you now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he is. I think I think K would be right with that. I think he's he's come back here and usually he's a master at nicking rounds and but he's done more than that. &gt;&gt; And Dandy eagerness to want to put in pressure. I just think he hasn't really again that this dimension about what you do after the punch. He's just been a little bit too easy to hit just really bend your legs and roll into the shots dramatically here by the way hasn't done as much [sighs] in the last two or three rounds and that jab is working again for comfortable at the pace and is more experienced in these latter rounds at light heavyweight. Grand Ray now has to push his foot on the pedal and really unload combinations like he was early. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And take the space away from Arthur. Step in, step to the right, let the left hook go. Just get busy. Little too predictable here. And somewhat again to use the word experience than he's reading this comfortably. Although we are saying all this and we're correct, I think, but also the way Arthur jabs and steps in and leans back a little bit. You know, he's setting you up. So you know you got to come forward but you're also thinking I got to find out combinations of that right hand and there's a real confidence about Linda Arthur now who's turned this fight on its head keep it simple taking Now that's how &gt;&gt; good from Barrett. Keep it simple. The jabs beautiful. Don't get lazy. That that simple instructions, but he carries it out so well. Linda, look at that straight shot. Finishes with the hook and gets back on the jab. That right hand cannot miss. Brady again, I keep saying it. He's got to be busy. He's got to move that head to the right. They were affected by step. &gt;&gt; You got to step it up, says Andy Ail. &gt;&gt; And they're absolutely right in that corner. Sort of gone to sleep a bit. They don't take anything away from Lindon Arthur's work in the last few rounds. He's got his boxing together. We've always known about that jab, but he's really gutted it out at times tonight because he's been under the kosh and back he comes with some real precision. Ray waking up here though at the start of the 10th. I tell you what, the last thing you want to hear with three rounds to go over 12 round is you have to step it up. I mean, it's it's a hard task as it is, isn't it? &gt;&gt; But they're right. You know, I think he I think he's trying to force the pace. He really is. He's just again coming in straight lines making it too easy for Arthur to land. &gt;&gt; Look at this. Five in a row on Carl's card for Lyndon Arthur has got him in an unofficial twopoint lead. Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I think he's done incredible since since the knockdown. We had a a bad ride after he's had a good ride here at the start of this. if he can maintain this. He he he has it a little bit closer in my car. But I think &gt;&gt; I think that that may have been the worst thing that could have happened that knock down early because he's looking for the big shot all the time and he's trying to land the perfect big one [laughter] rather than just put the hands together once he's close. And I just feel at times that Lyndon's he's old man here, isn't he? The experience is really killing. I think when you say spot on it's a change of mindset. I think you know if I hit you I can hurt you. So I just managed to get that perfect shot rather than just be dizzy. I &gt;&gt; think he's got to roll the dice a bit here Brad Ray after that great start and getting just popped time and again. This is better when he gets closer. Got to be careful of that uppercut. But almost now if he is behind on the cards he's got to try and get those combinations rattling into Arthur and out the older man. I mean really really got to grab hold of the pace of this fight. Let the shots go again. He just gets a bit bit too close from Arthur and Ray Hard for the first time in the fight. Body shot as well into the last MINUTE OF THE 10 AND LINDARD ARTHUR is putting in a really good performance now. Blow from the nose. &gt;&gt; I mean if you want him for the fight, you got to want to for the elbow. I think he was hurt there right after he caught that shoulder. Richie in the center of the stair which is clever. Lindoff has got one or two late stoppages on the card and he might just find something here. Free looking uncomfortable. 20 seconds left in the 10th. What a turn around from London Arthur. Yeah, this is really showing something else here. He's the boss. He's the aggressor. Blood from the no body shot. And now it's Ray who's a weary warrior in there. Open your eyes. Open your eyes. Reveal these two rounds. I've been serious. Your life now, and I'm being [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] serious, depends on these two rounds. I swear to God. Do you want to go back to Winter Garden? Listen to me now. I swear to God, if you don't win these two rounds, you're back on the Winter Gardens. I swear, Brad, I need to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] smoke a bit in the corner, isn't it? You'll be back to the Winter Gardens. The Winter Gardens. &gt;&gt; Listen, you know what? Boxing takes you off for all of us here, Santia. Boxing has taken it from where we grew up to where we are now. You don't want to go back. You do not want to go back. That might not be the case if you lose this fight, but you need that sometimes. Listen, the alternative is you go in this broad unforgiving. You go to greatness or nothing like that. &gt;&gt; Andy Abro reading the words to Brad Ray. He's got two rounds to do something about this after a brilliant start. And he's now way behind. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I have him a couple of rounds behind. Yeah, I think three actually a high score card, but he was I mean he was having a really good round there for probably the first almost 2 minutes of it and then he get hurt with a shot from uh from Lyndon Arthur and then he seemed to take over the rest and that was enough to give Lynon Arthur the round for me. But &gt;&gt; yeah, I just I just think he's he's at the wrong range. He's staying kind of in that middle range here. &gt;&gt; Just need to do a little bit more. Now his hands go from distance and I think that's the that's the difference. Absolutely. I think I think you're right, but he just needs to let the arms go more rather than looking for the one big shot. &gt;&gt; Barry, do you think it's also a case of Brown won the European title? It's a big jump up and Lindon offer has campaigned at world level before. &gt;&gt; Well, I think you know the Cambi has never been class and you've noticed that they take a better shot. They don't show their weaknesses. But I think I think what Cal said, he hit him. He hurt him with a good shot when he dropped him and he just thought it's just a matter of time rather than let the hands go like he is a little bit now and has in pockets. He's trying to set up the big shot. To be honest, I don't think he's reacting or responding to the corner's advice there. He's not nearly busy enough to to mention that, you know, when he won the European title, I thought we would see a better performance, a real confidence performance there. Look at the power landed there. But also Lindon can control the pace quite effectively. It takes two, does he? The jabs though 152 from Linda. They're 252 very good jabs. And also I've never seen Arthur throw so many straight right hands in a fight and landing so effectively yesterday. And I'm not sure that's a lot to do with his timing and a lot to do with Bradley Ray's reluctance to move his head. It's also down to his will as Roland and Arthur. The last couple of years, he's really taken the sport seriously. He's knuckled down, conditioning, everything has been much better. So, he's learned as well and he's utilizing his skills when he's got the the stamina to do it. And and I think in large patches of this, he's made it very comfortable for himself. Little subtle faint. You see it there to the naked eye. You can't really see him, but just stepping with the foot and little twitchy movement stops Brad Ray from letting anything go. Barry, he he does a step in half a step off, doesn't he? So, he's like, I'm in and then and then tempt you to come forward then. &gt;&gt; Brad's box is another problem for the South and hasn't really let his hands go like the corner wanted. Maybe he's tired and it's just catching up with him. But Lynon Arthur, well could be on the verge of a career dividing moment. Last round. This isn't it. Sharp smart boxing. We didn't get the response in the corner of us here. We were hoping we'd see from Ray. He needs to throw the kitchen sink off in this final round. Broard in the second line in the fourth, but the man from the estate has come back at him. And Lyndon Arthur now stands on the verge of ripping away this European belt from Brown Ray that was earned only in the summer in Hull. The three judges at ringside will be the ones that matter. But I know Carl's got Lyn and Arthur a fair bit in front. I mean, we thought Troy Jones won the last fight, so what do we know? But I think Arthur has well he's turned this around and he's boxed impeccably at times. &gt;&gt; See, I I think it just shows how drawing your feet out. Now, he's not dancing, but I mean the way he just he steps in and out with his feet. You feel that. You see it even though you're not you're trying to your shots. It just slows you down. It makes you more attended. Let your hands go. I think that's just reduced the work weight of of of and he's given himself has he just enough space to be able to move. He's not backed up as he too far. &gt;&gt; Look at the small steps. You can take one of them and get his feet too wide apart. You can quickly def. And that's that's in offense and defense. &gt;&gt; Darren, you called for the kitchen sink. It's not coming. It's not. It's you know, I said it earlier. It's frustrating. I don't want to take nothing away from him, but like I say, he's nullifying the work of Bradley Ray by faint and the little subtle movements that Barry says. But the the fight of this magnitude defending your title, you've got to let everything go. No regrets, you know, the opportunity. You always talk about it two semiinals if you like in the light heavyweight division. Do your part, get your win, move on. He's ner for me. He's won this fight. He's just switched back to orthodox. I have no idea why he was so far for the whole of the last round and for the majority of this round and it wasn't working. He he didn't look like he knew how to box so far. I'm being honest. I have no idea why he done it. &gt;&gt; I think he's pretty tired, Brad. And I think he's run out of ideas. He'll learn from this. He's only 27. He'll come again for 50 seconds short finishing touches situation where he has the right 30 seconds to go. I think he's had a really good goal here. He has. I think there's lots of work off him. I mean before tonight the new European champion Ray started so well and put a great effort in. But in terms of class and the way he used that experience to turn a fight which was going against him around, that was terrific. It really was. The way he regrouped after the first few rounds and got back behind his jab, he was effective in the work that he was doing. [music] The footwork on point defensively far more sound certainly in the second half of the fight as opposed to Brady Ray but never really hurt but caught with far too many shots Barry. Yeah. I just thought he not panicking. I see two the fans think won the fight tonight and we agree with that. I think you know mainly after that box really well come back from obviously a lockdown and being hurt and then just didn't panic when he was under pressure when he got dropped in just regained his composure stuck to his game plan but for me the footwork one in the fight with a little adjustment to the feet just make him really think an extra thought before he let his hands go slows him down enough but Arthur to take control of the tempo and the pace of the box &gt;&gt; and and you know what it is right it's funny the first two things he would have learned as a boxer as a kid would have been footwork and jab. And all those years later in this contest, they're the two things that have won this fight. And there's the respect between the former sparring partners, the Manchester rivals who've given us a really good 12th round. The first three rounds were unbelievable, weren't they? Now, this guy's pretty unbelievable. Virgil Ortiz Jr. putting his WBC interim super welterweight belt on the line against the hammer Ericson Lumen live from Texas and a heist from Britain and then Ortiz Junior Lumen from the States. What a Saturday. Next week, November the 8th. And what a Saturday night this is proving in Manchester. Brad takes the applause. He sold a lot of tickets. He started so well. Oh well, now the judges have it for us. Lyndon Arthur is European King Thomas Driver with the announcement. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Lee Every scores it 114 to 114, even a draw. Judge Victor Laughlin scores it 115 to and Judge Mark Lyson scores it 115 to 112. both for a winner by majority decision and new ABU European light heavyweight champion Linton King Arur.