Kind: captions Language: en There is a new force in the light heavyweight division. He comes from Manchester. He is the European champion. He hasn't had it all his own way. There's been ups and downs, but he has shown when there's a will, there is a ray. Mr. Brad Ray, how are you? &gt;&gt; I'm all good, thank you. &gt;&gt; Good. Do you like that little one? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Been practicing that one. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Every day. Every day for the last two weeks. just sort of in the mirror. Uh but this that's right. I mean where you are now European champion but the road has been like that it's been crazy. How did you get here? Yeah, look, it's been it's been a very bumpy bumpy windy road, but uh I've always believed that I'm I was good enough to the stage and you know and not just believe, I knew I was good enough and for me it was having them set backs, having these pull outs, know I had the loss and I just had to keep going because I knew I knew I'd get to this point at some point and for me it was just waiting for the opportunity to come up and and and when it did I had to grab it with both hands And uh so lot it was tough at times but on the other hand I found it found it quite easy to keep going because I believe that I was going to get to the end destination at some point. &gt;&gt; So that's been the key then just selfbelief. You you've never doubted yourself at all? &gt;&gt; No never not my ability. Not my ability and I've doubted the sport sometimes like am I going to get am I going to get a chance because &gt;&gt; I'm not on Twitter calling everyone out. I'm not, you know, slagging everyone off and I'm not wearing sunglasses at press conferences, right? You know what I mean? I I don't do that. I just fight. I fight good. &gt;&gt; And I've always believed that, you know, my fighting will do the talking. I'll get there eventually. But there was a point where I was like, &gt;&gt; do I have to sell out? Do I have to, you know, start trying to sell these fights and be someone I'm not? &gt;&gt; It would hurt your heart, wouldn't it? &gt;&gt; It would. I would. I feel like I'm selling out. And, you know, I'm getting to a stage now I've done it. done it my way. You know what I mean? I've done it the way I want to do it. And you know, I think probably probably means a little bit more doing it that way. &gt;&gt; I love that. And when I when I said there at the start, European champion. How does that sound? &gt;&gt; Sounds great. Sounds great. And like I say, at first it was like, wow, just European champion. And I think probably because of the few years I had, &gt;&gt; it seemed so far away, but then &gt;&gt; it's like I was I was always going to get this at some point. You know what I mean? It was always going to come. I really I really did believe in that. And uh so yeah, I don't feel out of place. I don't feel like I I'm blacking it. I don't feel like I don't be like, "Yeah, you know what I mean? I feel like this is this is a title that I've always jumped to pick picking up." And um we've gone a different route. Maybe I've jumped jumped in at uh you know, skipping kind of central area, English, British, you know, that was that would be the ideal route, but like I mean, I would have shown that I'm good enough. So yeah, you're here now as European champion and that was a great win over Shakaman Pitter. That was like a 50/50 fight. It went right to the wire. But before that, you were a middleweight. I can't believe you're a middleweight looking at the size of you and and that's where you picked up your loss against Tyler Denny. Do you even recognize that fell who fought Tyler Denny? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a different kid. It's a different kid. Like we we joke that I'm not, you know, 21 and one. I'm 7 and0 since I've come to Andy, since I come to Blackpool cuz I'm like I'm like a new fighter and um &gt;&gt; I won't won't change it. &gt;&gt; Listen, you're flying right now. You are signed with Queensbury as well. You're you're Frank Warren's latest light heavyweight adder to the stable. I'm sure you've seen that graphic that went up of all the light heavyweights that Queensbury have got. Looks like a tasty kind of mixover at Queensbury. &gt;&gt; It really does. Yeah. And that was that was one of the main reasons why Sah been appealed to me so much because I want to be in them fights. You know what I mean? I want to fight all these guys. And uh and I've just never really never really had the backing the security. You know, I've been I've been calling out been saying I will fight anyone. You know, I've had to I had to fight on smaller shows to to keep busy and, you know, not go not go rusty and stay ready for when the opportunity come. But now I've got the the backing of such a big promoter, you know, it's just it's just down to me. Keep winning. Just got to keep winning. &gt;&gt; Could you see that coming though? The the whole like where you are right now is you were about to fight at the the co-op live against Lindon for a great Manchester fight. But not so long ago, I remember being at a press conference table for a Riad season show where you were up there and you were gonna fight Constantine Manga and he pulled out and you didn't get like a replacement. You just weren't on the card and your whole world kind of collapsed and then you got a late call to fight for the European title and then that fell pulled out on the day of the fight. This was just bad luck after bad luck. So you got some good luck now. Could you see it coming though? Like I said before, like it was dead easy. It was dead easy. I knew it was coming and I knew, you know, that fight fell through Saudi fight, which at the time, you know, that's the pinnacle of the sport. Bibl better be BF2. One biggest cards ever. You know, I was sat up on that press conference looking. &gt;&gt; Were you sizing them up? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Were you sizing up to better be? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Come on. Smaller than &gt;&gt; I like that. But yeah, you were on that. You were on that save. But I guess you are now building to get back to that stage right up there with the big boys. &gt;&gt; Well, that's it. That's what I know a win against Lyndon Arthur can do. &gt;&gt; He's been there and done it. He's boxed on these shows. If I beat him, that pushes me up the ladder then. And know people are really going to start start talking about me, which look the fight appealed to me for many reasons. But I think beating Lyndon and beating the other other opponents, I think Lyndon's going to do the most for pushing me on. So that was why I was up for it. &gt;&gt; He seems to have a bit of a bee in his bonnet after that press conference. His comments at the press conference and also some of the interviews I watched afterwards. He wasn't happy with your comment about you being the hungrier fighter. Um, and you know, we'll find out on the night kind of thing. But also, he's not really happy that he's the underdog. You're surprised by that? Were you surprised by that? &gt;&gt; I was surprised by that. Yeah. And I thought that was as well. So look, I've had Saudi fall through. All my mates booked flights, hotels, tickets for the fight. All days off work to come down to London last minute. They had Gway booked. My mates have lost out a lot of money. I thought they might be able to put a little bet on. I thought the odds would be decent and we'd all make a little a few quid. I can repay my mates. Fortunately not. You know what I mean? They uh they do have me as the as the favorite and I was surprised by that because of what Lyndon's been and done. Um &gt;&gt; just out of shot there is a a dog that is sort of attacking our me. &gt;&gt; This is what goes on in our gym. &gt;&gt; This is just for the cameras. I'm terrified of dogs by the way. Do not like them at all and uh I'm really trying my best to play it &gt;&gt; cool right now. What What type of dog is that? with uh I don't know why apart &gt;&gt; from the very excited one. &gt;&gt; So Lyndon Arthur, you're the favorite Manchester Derby. Um big fight big fight for him as you say because if he loses there's there's kind of a long way back from losing to to Brad Ray after losing to Anthony Yard. It's uh I think he's going to bring everything to this fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Like say I think I'm going to get the best version of him &gt;&gt; and that's what that's what I want. You know what I I don't want I don't want me to beat him beers to say, "Oh, you know, he didn't look he didn't look unformed." I want the best version of him cuz that's when my win is going to going to mean a lot more. And uh yeah, a lot he's the best version of him turns up. The best version of me turns up and I think that that'll come out as a winner. &gt;&gt; He's been the distance with Dmitri Bivville who is the who was the undisputed champion, probably the number one light heavyweight out there. If you knock him out and Bible didn't, you know, and you're just went the big &gt;&gt; I'm better than Bible than I I'm basically a unified champion. &gt;&gt; That's what he said. So there you go. &gt;&gt; It's as simple as how it works. And here's how it works. &gt;&gt; That's how it works. That's that's the boxing maths. Um &gt;&gt; so before you're with Andy now, this this great period that you're going through at this at the moment. Um winning streak of what, seven fights, eight fights now. So it's tremendous. before that you were with Ricky Hatton and uh you know we've just both sadly love Ricky Hatton and just get your thoughts on it. Tell me a little bit about that period working with him because to you I guess he was more than just a part of your training team. He would have been an inspiration. He's a fellow blue here as well. Big loss. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. like I started my career at Hattons, you know, training with with playing and Ricky, like I was I was with him every day, you know what I mean? And you know, I'm I'm very lucky that I got a few different sides of Ricky. I got got the side of him sat in Yetiard as a kid watching him fight Lasano in the crowd. You know, I got the side of him where he was in the corner. He was part of my coaching team. you know, he had him in the changing rings before fights and then he had the side of him where he was a mate. You know what I mean? He was we we were good mates and we used to we used to speak a lot and when I moved to Andy used to come down the platform and watch me fight and uh I'm very lucky that I kind of got different angles with him. But uh yeah, look me got to find it because what what he's done for the sport, especially in Manchester, but just in general, like would I be fighting it wasn't for Ricky? Like I don't know. Would half the kids in these amateur gyms in Manchester be boxing if it wasn't for Ricky? Who knows? You know, he done so much and inspired so much um that it just really propelled the sport. really did. &gt;&gt; What did you learn from your time with Ricky? &gt;&gt; That's all right. When uh when I think back of me, you know, I've got I've got so many good memories with him, but all of him just laughing all the time, no matter what. And um you know he he did have that side to him where he could just flick the switch and he'd come at you with this bit of knowledge or bit of experience that he'd gathered from so many years being at the top of the game and then boom it's back to just cracking jokes and making you laugh and uh you know that's what when I think back and when I remember Rick I remember I remember laughing I remember smiling I remember all his jokes that he used to crack remember pose he used to right? You know, that's why I have got so so many good memories. But, uh, yeah, I mean, just just got there's got to be no more to be honest. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's horrible. Um, and he would have been an inspiration on you as a child as well. I actually got sent a picture the other day. I'm I'm going to pull it up now. Um, I think it's you in some some Ricky Hands up shorts, I believe. Isabel, look at that. &gt;&gt; Isabela, &gt;&gt; that is amazing. &gt;&gt; That's where it all started. &gt;&gt; So, for the camera, the benefit of the camera, that is a young Brad Ray in Ricky Hatton shorts with Brad on it. So, he's he's what you've always sort of &gt;&gt; he was he was my hero when I was a kid. Who I looked up to. And I remember I remember going to see I think I'm 10 or 11 years old there going to see Melissa at Suzie Wong and first pair of shaws custom shaws. So what did you like what I'm like Ricky's what I'm like Ricky's and he had a fight coming up in Vegas somewhere so they were being made were on the side just put my name on it and uh but that's that's the type of inspiration he was to me so many other people &gt;&gt; 100%. Well, rest in peace, Ricky Hatton, of course. Um, tragic loss to the boxing world. Lyndon Arthur is a red. You are a blue. You can't lose to a red, right? I mean, uh, what how has that uh added to the kind of motivation around this fight? Has it added? And tell me about that red versus blue element. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's definitely added 100%. Can't get beat by United. No way. I'd never at the end of it. All my mates are United fans and I got beat off a red. Yeah. not near the end of it. But um &gt;&gt; you've been tormenting him a little bit on social media. From what from what I saw, there was a tormenting kind of message. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little bit. A little bit &gt;&gt; when you beat United. &gt;&gt; That's a bit of fun and games, didn't it? Yeah. &gt;&gt; I could have not I couldn't not. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you had to. &gt;&gt; But uh yeah, look, it's um it just adds a another little little bit of excitement to it. And I think it's it might bring a few eyes to the fight that wouldn't have normally been on the fight. you know, a few casual fans, a few football fans, and uh that's what it's all about at the end of the day, you know, getting more more people watching the fight. And um at the end of the day when we're in there, it means nothing. It means nothing. You know, I know probably about 80% of my tickets United fans. They'll all be cheering you on. But uh &gt;&gt; you think, &gt;&gt; yeah, you think I hope so. I hope so. &gt;&gt; So, let's talk about this light heavyweight division a little bit. Obviously, we've touched on the graphic and what Queensbury have, but I want to touch on something you said pre the Lynden Arthur fight being made, which was you actually fancied a scrap with Louis Edmonson. Um, so Louis Edmonson is now fighting Ezra Taylor. Are you kind of keeping an eye on that fight as well, seeing what's going on there? &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah, 100%. And it's not it's not Louis, it's the British title. &gt;&gt; That's it. That's the &gt;&gt; You'd still want that now that you're a European champion? &gt;&gt; 100%. That's the one I've always wanted since a kid. You know, I want to I want to be retired in 30 odd years and get the British title out from under my bed every now and again when people come around. You know what I mean? Like it's a title for me. And I think the European title, massive, prestigious title, you know, if I can get European on the line, &gt;&gt; British on the line, Commonwealth on the line, &gt;&gt; that's a massive fight. That is a massive, massive fight. And you know, I was I say I was calling for these fights. I would love to fight with the British title, but I had nothing to offer. I'm European champion now. People want what I got now. So, you know, come and try and get it cuz I want what you've got. &gt;&gt; Who Who do you see winning that fight? &gt;&gt; It's a tough one cuz I think &gt;&gt; Edmonton's when he's in front is a completely different fighter. He's trippy. He's awkward. He can he can fox. He can fight. he can spoil a little bit and I think if he doesn't let Taylor get into his boo and I could just see setting the president early on and keeping up for the fight. Um I think I'm I think I'm swaying towards Edmonton point decision. Yeah, but it's a great fight and Ezra Taylor can if he can drag Edmonson into a bit of a scrap I think um you know I think it could go the other way but it's an exciting one of the team. So tell me this Brad Ray beats Lindon and because &gt;&gt; better and better I want it more. I'm hungrier more like that again. &gt;&gt; He went had to had to drop it in. But uh I just feel like I've I've got the style to beat him. Feel like he's a great player but I feel like I've got the style to beat him. And um yeah, I think it's it's going to be a good good clash of styles, is he? But I just I'm confident I'm going to get to him eventually. Do &gt;&gt; so. November 1st, Carp live on the zone. The show's called Lights Out. Is it Lights Out for Lyndon? &gt;&gt; Yeah, unfortunately. Sorry, Lyndon. Uh-huh.