Kind: captions Language: en Brad, we're here. Right, I'm going to jump in. You've been pro since 2015. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What keeps you going and it keeps you motivated all that time? &gt;&gt; Uh just ambition. Um I've had to move the goal post. I said I always wanted the British title, achieved it and I'd love to get it back and I feel like this is another step. Uh so that's a a big motivator for me. &gt;&gt; And that's what keeps you motivated, the British title. That's that's what you've got in the back of your mind. In the back of mind, I love to make history and build a legacy for myself, make history for Cornwall. So, all the motivate motivational stuff still similar. Um, just new tasks, new challenge, move the goal post and go again. &gt;&gt; And obviously you've you've had that title before. Would that where does that rank in your career highlights? It's got to be up there, right? &gt;&gt; Right at the top. Right at the top. Best night of my life. Um, I shared a cab ride with Nathan on the way here, so we was reminiscing about it. But uh I want more of that. I'm 32 years old. A good few years in me and I want more nights just like that. &gt;&gt; Like you said, you're 32 now and like we just said, you've been pro since 2015. You your approach to the game. How has it changed in all of those years? &gt;&gt; I suppose it gets better. The the more you do something, the more refined and um effective and efficient you can get. Um I feel like the experience I've gained in these bigger fights, on these bigger shows, doing stuff like this is a bit more familiar. Uh, and it all just feels a bit more natural. Um, so when it comes to fight night on in this big venue, I'll be more prepared and familiar and perform better. &gt;&gt; And like you said, you're not a strange to these big shows right now anymore. You've actually been on the magnificent chevron shows before, right? &gt;&gt; Twice. &gt;&gt; Twice. So you're you're one of the um the main stays of this of this platform. How exciting is it to be on these kind of shows where everyone's so looking forward to it. Everyone's looking forward to these 50-50 fights. &gt;&gt; It's massive. Uh part of me is as a fan. I love shows like this. I love good domestic 50/50 fights. I hope the changing room has a TV that I can watch these fights in uh whilst I'm warming up. And I think the the public love shows like this. They love good 50/50 domestic fights and the whole card is stacked where if you put an accumulator on, you're probably going to get it wrong. So interesting and I'm happy to be part of it. &gt;&gt; Looking at your opponent, he's obviously unbeaten. He's going to be coming in with a lot of confidence, but what do you think you've got that he's never seen before? &gt;&gt; Um, I suppose he hasn't been tested by someone like me. Hasn't boxed anyone like me. Um, I suppose edge him on experience. Um, I know it's a tough fight. Uh, I respect Shaquille. He's a he's a a great operator, but I just feel like Yeah, I've got him on experience and um, he hasn't boxed anyone like me before. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I know no fighters want to look past their opponent, but do you have any kind of goals in the back of your mind for after this fight? If you become victorious, what are you looking at after this fight? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, like you said, I don't look past any opponent. Definitely not. It's not the way to do it. Um, but I do understand that the winner is going to have a world ranking. Um, and a shot at the British isn't out of the question at all after a win like this. Um, so I understand the winner can have a world title shot or a British title shot. Both are great. So, loads to gain from one fight and that's what I like fights to be like. &gt;&gt; And also looking forward when you start when you turn pro where would you have seen yourself in 10 years time? &gt;&gt; Really good question. Um I can't say that it definitely would have been somewhere like this. I started on small hall um at York Hall Beth Green uh and was small hall for seven eight years afterwards. Um, I knew if I kept winning, something would happen. I didn't know exactly what, but I knew, yeah, I would end up where I wanted if I was disciplined enough, and I was, and here I am, and happy to be part of these big shows. And it's, uh, something I dreamed of as a little kid. And I intend to stay and stay on these shows and not go back to the small hall. So, you'll be sick of the sight of me hopefully. &gt;&gt; There's a few other middleweights on the card. Are you going to be keeping an eye on them? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Middleweights absolutely stacked division. Loads of good fights out there. Uh my old mate, I was saying Nathan's on the cards. Got a good fight. Um and all good fights at middleweight, so you have to keep an eye on it. Uh and yeah, one for the future, maybe a trilogy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm sure the fans would enjoy that. &gt;&gt; So, one last question just for the young kids out there that are looking to make their first few steps into their pro journey. What advice would you give them? &gt;&gt; Um get a good coach and listen to your coach. Discipline. Uh, it's going to be absolute grass, but it'll be worth it. And if you can help it, don't lose. &gt;&gt; Perfect. That's great advice. Thank you, Brad. I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much.