Kind: captions Language: en The twoweight world champion called the heartbreaker is coming to the UK and aiming to break the hearts of UK fight fans and Nick B. His name is Brandon Figureroa and he is the challenger on February 7th. How are you, sir? &gt;&gt; Doing good. Doing good. &gt;&gt; So, you've just had your press conference with Nick B. He was just talking about the the face off. Quite a long face off, but um what's noticeable is the height difference as ever with Nick B. What did you make of him? What did you make of being around him today? I mean, yeah, you know, I'm definitely a short fighter. Um, but you know, it's not strange for me. You know, I fought Lewis Netti, Oscar Escandon, and plenty of other short fighters. So, yeah, you know, I have my fair share of uh short fighters. &gt;&gt; That Lewis Ner win was a big win for you, wasn't it? That and that was I I watched that knockout actually the other day and you were sort of swarming and then suddenly he was on the floor and you had to watch back what on earth happened in there and you'd sunk in a little sneaky body shot. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Yeah. You know, that was part of the game plan, a wild fighter, and I just waited until he opened up and I got him with the perfect shot. &gt;&gt; Do you think you can find that perfect shot against Nick B to actually get him out of there, or is this going to be a kind of a longer fight, a war of attrition? &gt;&gt; Just depends, you know? Uh, sometimes if I see an opening, I'll take it. And like I said, uh, he's going to fight. He's going to fight me. So, that's going to leave more openings for me to catch him in between shots and, um, make him a little bit more vulnerable. just away from this Nick B fight. I've been uh kind of looking into your story a little bit. I followed your career from afar and it sounded like your first fight was actually to just get the attention of your dad because all the attention was on your brother Omar, right? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Yes. You know, my brother was a star and uh my dad didn't believe in me. He said, "No, don't try boxing. You're not going to be the one. Your brother's going to be the one." I said, "Okay, watch me." So, here we are now. &gt;&gt; How did you do it? At what point did you realize, okay, he's he's looking at me now. He's not just looking at at at big bro. He started looking at me. &gt;&gt; It wasn't until I want to say around my seventh or eighth fight that I proved myself that, you know, I had that pedigree, that champ, world champion pedigree. So, ever since then, he stopped doubting me. &gt;&gt; Boxing is very much your family business. I said it at the press. So, your your brother, of course, Omar, former world champion, and your dad was a bit of a street fighter, right? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Yeah. And not only that, but my sister also was at at the initiation of my career with my nutritionist and my strength and conditioning coach. And then my mom also tagged along and my mom's a great cook. She has a business back home. And she was also tagging along with my sister making me my meals. So yeah, you know, the fuel has to be perfect for me to go into fight shape and be prepared for a fight. So yeah, that was my team back then. &gt;&gt; One thing's for sure though, the Figuroas can fight, right? &gt;&gt; Of course. Yes. We never back down from a fight. your um your 2025. How do you reflect on that? &gt;&gt; 2025, you know, it was a tough year for me. Um you know, I lost against uh Steven Fulton and uh you know, I bounced back against Joey Gonzalez, you know, tough, greedy fighter. And you know, 2016's promising against Nick Ball. Great fight, great uh fighter. Um and this is the type of fights that I've been searching for, the type of fights I want, and the type of fights I want to give the fans. What is the team looking like for for this fight in terms of I understand the Gonzalez fight last time out that was the first time without your father you'd moved to Manny Robas. Is that still the same setup now? What are we looking at? &gt;&gt; Yes, of course. After this tomorrow I fly back straight to LA and you know start getting work. So um yeah, Manny Rob is going to be in my corner of this fight and we're just very excited uh you know to bring my solid boxing here in the UK and you know hopefully uh blow the fans away. How how was that sort of transition? Because obviously your dad is your dad and he's trained you his entire life and you've decided after a loss to not be trained by him anymore. That sounds like a difficult conversation. Was it? &gt;&gt; Of course. You know, uh but my my dad's very understanding. He knows that I want to take it up another level. You know, I really really want this and you know, there's sacrifices to be made and if I had to sacrifice my family to do so, then hey, this is what I want to do. This is what I love to do. And uh yeah, you know, without sacrifices, you won't get anywhere. So, I made that hard decision and talked to my family and you know, Manuel Robles has a really really good team and I'm just very happy there. &gt;&gt; You've left home essentially now that you you've set up camp. Are you feeling a change in yourself as a man? Like you spread your wings kind of thing? &gt;&gt; Oh yes, of course. You know, I feel like I'm going into uh myself and you know this I feel like this is just the beginning of Brandon, you know, a new version of Brandon, but I'm very hungry as well. very ambitious, very driven, and I can't wait for Bri 7 so everyone can see that. You know, it's going to be my second fight with Manuel Robles, and I can't wait to go back to the drawing board and and tweak things and just get better and better. &gt;&gt; You throw a lot of punches. &gt;&gt; That that feels like a problem. If I if I'm fighting you, I'm not thankfully, but if I was a featherweight fighting you, that volume, the combined with your toughness, you'd never been stopped. I don't think I've ever seen you hurt or anything. You're a problem, right? And your your volume is a real issue. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. you know, uh, boxing is, you know, get hit and not get hit. But, you know, sometimes my style of boxing is just hit, hit, hit. You know, just throw punches. And, you know, last fight I threw 1,000 punches. That's what me and my team uh, worked on. And hopefully despite maybe I'll throw 2,000. &gt;&gt; Well, they call you the heartbreaker. Do Do you feel you can break Nick Bull's heart? &gt;&gt; Hopefully, God willing. you know, um I just want to come and have fun, enjoy myself, and um you know, hopefully take the belt back. &gt;&gt; There is this ongoing background noise. You even heard it at the presser today. My fault, sorry, but Inua and there's been a lot of talk about Nick Binua. What a great fight that would be. Andrew Kane against the the younger brother. You've called out Inua yourself before as well. What are you making with this kind of noise of Binua in the background when he's got a fight with you? I mean, it's respectable. You know, he knew he's the best. Like I said, if you're a fighter, you're a man, you know, you want to prove yourself. You want to fight against the best. So, Enui is that guy. He's a pal for palm for a reason. And, you know, he's he's a monster. So, everyone wants to take a a challenge at him. And, you know, first off, you know, me and Nick Ball have to, you know, fight it out and see who's the best man and then whatever happens after, you know, &gt;&gt; you fancy a bit of a new way as well. &gt;&gt; Of course. you know, I've been I've been looking for that fight for a while, but everything within due time, you know, um if Nick Balls a fight that I have to get through to get to him or whoever uni unifications, then um you know, this is my job. This is what I I love to do and I want to do it. &gt;&gt; It feels like we're at a point in your career cuz I I read the social media comments and the the kind of feeling around Brandon Figera right now is you were fantastic. you had some great times, some great wins, but obviously there's the Fulton loss and then there's the Gonzalez fight last time out and people are saying perhaps you're past your best. What what what would you have to say to to critics like that and this kind of word out there? &gt;&gt; I mean, it's funny, you know, uh but what they don't realize, you know, I made a lot of changes this year uh with my team, my family, you know, dramatic changes. So, obviously, you know, I'm just getting acclimated. You know, it takes me a while for me to get my rhythm. Um, but like I said, this is gonna be my second fight with Manuel Robles. And um, yeah, you know, I think we made a great team the first time, and I feel like this time we're gonna do an even better job. You know, it's kind of like u, you know, kind of like a restoration of Brandon. You know, kind of like a a newcomer to Brandon. So, you know, I made made a lot of changes mentally, physically. So, you know, obviously it's going to take a toll on a boxer. And um you know uh I feel like this fight I'm more acclimated, more adaptable uh you know to my coaches, to my training, and I feel like I'm going just, you know, kick it up a notch. &gt;&gt; What would it mean to you to become a threetime world champion? &gt;&gt; Would mean everything. You know, bringing a belt back home to my city, uh my people, and um not only that, but yeah, crown myself as a three-time world champion, and you know, that's for my legacy. That's what I wanted to be. And uh hopefully I can continue uh becoming, you know, multi multiple world champion. &gt;&gt; And why do you beat Nick Bull February 7th? &gt;&gt; Cuz I just wanted more. I wanted more. Um I feel like my heart doesn't show enough in fights. Um and if it does, then there's more to show, you know? I just want this so bad. This is this is all I ever dreamed of doing, and I do this full-time, and I love this sport with every bit of my heart, every bit of myself. So, I'm willing to sacrifice anything for it. So, um I'm all in. &gt;&gt; Best of luck, sir. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you.