Kind: captions Language: en He is a two-weight world champion. He is a musician. He is a best-selling author. He is a businessman. He was on the Forbes 30 under 30. He was given a doctorate by the University of East London. You can call him the source. We're going to call him Lawrence. I'm hoping to get the other other names right. I Yeah. Lawrence Ikachchiku. Nice. Aoba. Nice. Nice. Come on. How are you, mate? All good. All right. Um, that's a lot. You've done a lot, haven't you? I'm trying. I'm trying. It's still still early, but that's it's always nice to hear. Well, I've been uh I've been listening. I bought your audio book. Oh, nice. So, I've I've had you in my ears probably too much. Got you now live in the flesh. Um I've just watched all your your sparring and everything. And uh yeah, Champs Camp Manchester. This is a serious serious gym. Yeah. Yeah. Serious gym. Serious energy. Um serious coach, serious work. So yeah, that's how we like it. It feels like it's sharpening you up. It feels like you can't you can't have an off date here. Yeah. No, I agree. There's too much uh too many eyes, too much pressure. Um and a lot of expectation, you know what I mean, from Joe and then that obviously on myself. So um yeah, solid. Listen, we we can talk about that the the buildup to your Kevin Lena fight. I want to talk a little bit about the young Lawrence and and how you've got to to this point today because it's quite the story like listening to your audio book there's you can be inspired by it, you can be motivated by it. There's quite dark moments in it as well. Um talk to me a little bit about young Lauren Sakoli. I don't know. Depends depends what what version. Well, let let me show you a version. Let me show you a version. I'm I want to pull up this picture. Um if you could look at it and then show that camera there. Tell me about this kid. So this is mate. Just tell me about him. Um he's on his he's on a journey. That kid on a journey. So was you know um dealt with bullying, dealt with um obviously coming from Hatne during the '9s and early 2000s, it was it was definitely rough. So just having to navigate through that. Um, and you know, when I look at sometimes I feel like a different person because it's like, you know, in terms of my mindset and like how I approach stuff, it was very different. Um, um, yeah, I think I had a bit of a more like I would say like a victim um, mentality until I kind of broke out of that and then um, yeah, it turned into a winners mentality and now we're here. The uh, the bullying, how did how did that all come about? When when did it start? What was I started from primary school but you know think back to it you know um obviously one of my names is Ikachuku it's one of the um you know it's a name that I used at home so when I went to school that's the name that um you know I used and then for kids especially it's a bit that's a bit of a strange name bit of a weird name so it started with that and then obviously being chubby that also um you know brought some attention so it would always be the older older kids from like early secondary school to the older ones in the school playground and stuff like that that started it. But it would, you know, spill out into on the way home afterwards and there was lots of sort of like there was like a sort of energy in the area at the time that was very sinister. So that all sort of translated into into those early days. I was hearing things about how you would pretend you were sick so that you could get out of class early so you didn't get any aggravation on the way home. This this is heavy stuff. Yeah. No, it was serious. When I think about it now, it was it was as it's not the average um sort of experience, but for me that's it's just kind of what it was. Some people were the bully, some people were the bullied, some people accepted it, some people didn't. Um early days, I kind of uh accepted and I think I internalized a lot of stuff because I was big for my age. I was always told, "Oh, no, don't hit people." Or, "Don't do this." Or if I'm running through a corridor, I'll be the one that gets stopped as opposed to all the other kids because I'm the big one. No, you're going to knock someone over. So, I kind of made myself really small and kind of like a target. And I think that until I kind of broke out of that mindset and started um changing the way I looked at stuff, it made me sort of an easy target even though I was actually quite big or strong. So, yeah. So, it's because of how you looked at yourself, self-esteem. Yeah. how I looked at myself and how, you know, I was sort of told to look at the world. When you're young, you're impressionable. So, it's like, don't run, don't this, don't be like, just you're big. Just stop. Be like, make yourself smaller for everyone else. And I think that that kind of made even smaller guys be able to um bully me or older guys or whatever else. So, it was like that was that was, you know, but that's, you know, early days. And then when I started to kind of uh look at the world a bit more differently and sort of stand up for myself, stuff started changing. Did you see a way out at at the time? Um not initially, you know. Not initially. I just thought this this is my life every day. Yeah. This way. Like it was literally like every day um something else. Do you know what I mean? And um it wasn't until, you know, as I said, I started to kind of take different steps that worked for I wouldn't advise everyone to kind of do the sort of stuff that I was doing, but you know, it um yeah, like I said, it was it was it it was it was quite intense. And your your relationship with your kind of self-image um hearing stuff about how you you'd kind of pull at your stomach. I've given everything away in it. Yeah. These are Yeah. But yeah, all that kind of stuff. Do you know what I mean? Just knowing that you're you're big or whatever and just like there'll be kids doing that every day. Yeah. Mad. Yeah. Thinking about Yeah. It's just like Yeah. sad. It is. It is. It is is it is sad. Do you know what I mean? I'd be looking at thinking, "Oh, is there a way for me to pull off the fight or cut it out or whatever?" Like, "Don't ever do that." But it's like, you know, these are the kind of things that I remember thinking and internalizing and whatever else. And it was it was even that's part of how I got into actual boxing cuz one of the days, you know, um someone was, you know, calling me flat and calling me this, calling me that. And then, you know, I ended up having a sort of altercation with them. And that's where a boxer, amateur boxer at the time, saw me and said, "Oh, you should come down to the boxing gym." So, it's like it's all kind of interconnected and stuff. But, yeah. So, initially, were you essentially getting beaten up at school? I wouldn't say beaten up. So, it was kind of like I would have to take it more so than anything else. It would be like, you know, there'll be groups of guys or whatever else and they would say take take 10 punches, take whatever punches or like some of the Say that again. So, as in stand there and then we're going to we're going to rush you basically. So you don't throw no, it's not like a fight. It's like there's six of us seven turn whatever or just going to hit you or whatever else and you're just going to kind of take it if that makes sense. So that's kind of more what it was. So it wasn't like it wasn't like I was having a fight and losing. It was more so like groups or whatever else. And then um you had no fight in you. Yeah, I wasn't even allowed to fight. So I might have it in me, but I'm not showing it. And then then then it would be like in the area which now it's not funny but it's quite it's quite uh interesting because it kind of it's kind of linked to boxing in a way where it's like it would be like like groups of guys will come old or whatever else and they'll get like guys from other areas near mine and be like you two have to fight otherwise we're going to rush we're going to rush you guys. So it'll be like me and this random guy I don't know from anywhere has to have a fight to avoid getting beaten up by a bunch of different guys. So it's better to just do one-on-one than it is to get rush. So little things like that. Um which that's mad you know. I never really think about that stuff anymore but it's like th those are kind of setting up for like boxing where it's like okay at the end of school or at the end of this you and this guy are going to meet on at this time and have a fight. And so the bullies were your first matchmakers. Yeah we had. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Like um but yeah, like I'm part of it. Yeah. You and and now you're in the position where you can write books about it and you can just talk about it quite openly as well. Um so what would you say you saw this young Lawrence Aolei, right? You go into his bedroom and he's he's been bullied all day. He's really sad. What what would you say to him there if you could walk? Oh, it's difficult because obviously not just everything's going to work out. Uh it's going to be okay. and just as I said sort of stand up for yourself um because when you do you know stuff starts looking very different. Do you wish you had stood up for yourself sooner or you had all No. Yeah. Because like I said, the way that my life's turned out like maybe if id stood up for myself a little bit earlier, I wouldn't have been a boxer or like you know cuz everything was down to the day you know like like I'm dead serious if this if a particular incident didn't happen uh I wouldn't be a boxer today because it was a particular a teacher had um their day off. I don't know what happened in that teacher's life. I had a supply teacher which caused the kids to sort of act out and then one of them sort of threw something at me. It hit my eye. Usually I would take it this day. I didn't take it. I had a fight with that person. And then that's when a boxer said, "Mate, you need to come down to the boxing gym." Like I never I never even knew what boxing really was. I knew who Mike Tyson was and Muhammad Ali, but I never watched a boxing match or gone to But then because of that fight that that guy saw, he just kept badgering me. So then I went to the gym one day and I fell in love with it instantly. But it's like if I didn't if that teacher was in the class, he might not have thrown that book. I might not have ever um had that fight and then maybe never would have walked into a boxing gym ever. So it's like everything sort of for a reason. Everything for a reason. Go God's plan kind of thing. So your your faith is very much part of your life, right? I've heard you talk about for your last couple of fights the uh like you you always pray beforehand, but the last couple the prayers have been like intense. What's that about? Why? Well, I think you know, first and foremost, you know, I as you as I say from my life story, there's nothing exceptional in my opinion about me. Yes, I'm good at maybe having a fight with Ross, but it wasn't that I was some sensational athlete or I was like just really like good at anything in particular, but you know, as I said, I believe God gave me other attributes like determination, um, composure, even when even when I'm having a bad day or not looking great and to kind of be able to dust off and go again the next day. So all those things I kind of think I'm not really special. So it has to be someone else that's sort of helping me along that journey. You do have from what I I kind of get from you, you do have qualities which are quite special in terms of I think your resilience seems to you have this kind of cold and do you think that's come from everything you've gone through in your life where nothing can hurt you right now? Yeah, I I do think so. I do think so. I think it's like that kind of mindset is what helps me get into all of these situations and kind of just roll with it. You know what I mean? And not let it not let the occasions or the moments or the pressures or whatever else kind of weigh me down. I just kind of roll with it. And and you have to take uh you have to take criticism every day on your social media. Like I've started getting some cuz I've started hyping you up. I'm hyping you up big time. He's going to be a world heavyweight champion. Yeah. Dev, you don't know nothing about boxing. All of this. But um what how do you deal with that? Uh in reality I kind of focus on reality. So it's like um before the Olympics and also it's like experience has taught me as well before I qualified for the Olympics. I had never been to the GB team like the year before literally like less than like 10 months before and I had no real direction of getting to Olympics. I'd still post 2016 Olympics, I'm going. Like I still I still look at the post sometimes. It's like that I had no reason to believe I was going to get there, but I said it and then I made it happen. Like I pushed and whatever. And um you know people at that time said is this guy how can he like he ain't even won ABAs. Is he mad? Yeah, exactly. Like you ask all the GB boys when I got on the team, they all tell me they thought I was crazy when I when I first got up there cuz I would be like, "I'm going to Olympics." And they'll be like, "This guy's only had 16 fights at the time, 14 fights, never been in an international fight and he's going to go to Olympics, you know, maybe 2020." Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm talking like Yeah. We're talking 7 months time I'm going whatever. But then it's when we go and do it. I turn pro. I'm going to be a world champion before the next Olympics. All right. There's some real guys up here. blah blah blah. Then I get there and it's like I have to like with good performances, bad performances, knockouts, not I just focus on the reality. The reality is, you know, I've become British champion when people said I wouldn't. Commonwealth, European world again. And now I'm here. I'm just like, okay, like I'm going to be free. people other like people and I also think people don't really know about boxing but if you ask other boxers about me they'll they'll let you know like okay yeah Lawrence has got there's something about Lawrence and as I said like all I can do is go out there and show it and then eventually people other people will catch up with what I'm with what I'm saying so you can't really take in any of this uh online criticism or any of the Cuz as I said cuz I look at the reality of it the reality of it is you know like been in there with a lot of the the top guys And I know how it goes. And like I said, when the time comes when me and a lot of these guys start crossing paths, people will have to will see for themselves. And then it'll go from he can't, okay, fair enough. That well, he's solid, didn't he? But it is what it is. Or he got lucky or they'll never they'll never fully and it'll be what it is. And then one day I will hang out the gloves and then I'll get to, you know, look at what I've actually accomplished and be like, actually I was free world champion. I like like whatever else I go on and do it will show for itself. So like I don't really do it for for masses to say he's amazing because I've seen the masses tell all the top fighters they're amazing and then if they if they come up short one time, they're the worst. I've looked at before I turned pro, there was people like David Haye, Tony Belly, like I mean all of these guys who were like he's the he's the and then as soon as they come up short he was never that good anyway. I've seen in this generation the Anthony Joshua the Tyson T when they're on top everyone is there and if you internalize it you start kind of looking for it and yeah I'm the best right cuz they say I'm and if you lose they say you're the worst you also internalize that. So I kind of just focus on, you know, just one one gym session at a time. So you can't take the praise all the all the Yeah. 100% not because I've seen both ends of it. Like obviously I'm like a big puncher and like I've shown real explosiveness at times and I've heard he's amazing. If I start believing that then I'm not going to maybe do what I need to do for the next one or if people tell me I'm terrible and I internalize it, I might not show up for the next. So it is what it is. Yeah. So what are you doing all this for? Because as I said at the very start, you know, twoeight world champion, you've done all those things, businessman. You're a doctor, do doctor source over here. I'd imagine you've made a few quid. You live out in Dubai as well. I'm sure you got a business out in Dubai. So, what is keeping you going? Cuz it feels like you could probably retire and be in a better position than most people right now if they were to retire. I think it's it's twofold. It's that when you're good at something, I think you should do it. That's number one. And I think I've got it. This kind of feels like a second career for me. Like, you know, I've done all that stuff at cruiser away and I've done the m weight making and I've done X Y Z, but I feel like now it's like, okay, heavyweight is like a whole new chapter. So, it's like an opportunity for me to like show myself more than anything else like the levels that I can actually get to because it's like I kind of felt it was very easy at cruiserweight to kind of just roll through. Though it took hard work and me being good, I won everything. I've managed to go to Olympics with little experience. I won a world title with little experience, you know what I mean? I've done quite a lot of stuff kind of just rolling in. But I do think with heavyweights, there's going to be different challenges and like a different kind of sense of satisfaction with the wins. So with Kevin Lena, for example, he's a solid competitor, solid guy, and it's like beating him, I'm going to feel a certain type of way with the victory. So there's there's there's more pride for me to to go and to go and get. What about for your uh for your family as well? At the start of your book, you said this is for mom. I know you've done a rap for your mom as well. I've seen the clip of you taking your world cruiserweight title to your mom as well, and that was I was almost choking up. I thought that that's really really nice. But there's a lot in in you and your mom's relationship in particular, I've noticed. Yeah. Well, I mean, that's obviously a major part. You know, there's stuff that I'm doing for them and want to continue to do for them as well. So that's always a massive help. But if I'm honest, like boxing for me is is is for me, if that makes sense. Yes, the byproduct of it's amazing like what I can do for my family and friends and stuff like that, but really like if I'm honest, I do it for me and I do it cuz I enjoy it. Like I en I just enjoy it. I really I don't can't tell you anything more. It's like I enjoy the training. I enjoy the hard days. I enjoy the the good days. enjoy all of it to be fair and it gives me like something to do so why not. But you must accept that the position that you're in today is because of your mom's hard work back in the day. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Like there's no two ways about it. everything. As I said, with my life, I feel like a lot of things like I don't want to say fall into place like I haven't earned it, but it's like my mom deciding to come from Nigeria to England and then putting me in that exact house and that exact like everything that she did obviously kind of spilt on into into my life and even just like the like the sacrifices that I've seen her make for me and my brother and me and my other siblings. It's like it's the least I can do is go and work hard in my own job to kind of be able to sort of repay her. Um. Yeah. So that that when you took the belt to her that was more than just about boxing. That was a kind of like that was Yeah. Like your son's like like done something like you know what I mean? Cuz it's like of course your your parents can't live through you but it's the sense of pride like that I felt and the pride from my mom. Obviously, she was proud of me before anything I did, but to be able to say, "Oh, like your son's a world champion or your son like we're good here." Or like be able to whatever I do, take them on holiday, whatever it is, it's it's it is a great feeling. So, yeah, you did the same taking the belt, I think, to your sister's school. Is that right? Same sort of rewarding. Yeah, agreed. Like, that one was even more intense cuz obviously my little sister's much younger than me. She's like 17 years younger or whatever. And it's like seeing her sort of pride and hers like look my brothers like it is what it is is it is it was then and is still now like the main motivation main motivation main yeah one of the main ones like for me it's like as I said of course I do it for myself but it is nice to have those extras that come with you know what I mean winning and like accomplishing stuff. So, how much have your uh have your parents shaped who you are today in terms of what I I always think that sometimes you take a little bit of what your mom is, a little bit of what your dad is, and it kind of puts you together and maybe it's your dad's stubbornness or your mom's work ethic. I I I don't know. But could could you pinpoint? Uh, yes and no. I think um it's a mixture. I think it's the circumstances that you're in. So, I think your environment shapes you a lot more if that if that makes sense. So yes, like I've got some attributes of both my parents, but I wouldn't say I take this from my mom and this from my dad or whatever else is more. So they're sort of say your dad is like I don't know or like your mom is any attribute your mom's funny, you might because your mom's so like either become funny or she didn't get that then. No, I didn't. Right. So it's like say your say your mom's funny, you might um know how to take a joke better. Yeah. So it's not like I might become a bit more like this or say one of your parents is like um loud you might know how to listen like do you know what I mean? So it's like they they won't be I' I've taken from them and that way but they might be this way when it makes me that way or whatever. So I think it's kind of like a like a sort of balance. It's mad that this all started from you being essentially an obese child. Clinically obese, right? The doctor said you are clinically obese. You couldn't run around the block. No, definitely not. Got yourself boxing and changed your life. Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. That's crazy. Do you recognize yourself when you look at the old pictures? Um Yes, I know. But do you know it is it's like a lot of my life feels like um different lives. It's I don't know if that's a that's a thing. I know. I know what you mean. And and yeah, again listening to your book, it felt like various different chapters. We haven't even talked about McDonald's. You working at McDonald's, saw AJ and all that. Just load so many different that. So yes, I've stayed constant and I've had like constants there like my family and close friends and but it's like yo okay that was a chapter this is a chapter I mean I've been as even like I said I kind of separate cruise weight from now like it's it's different stages different like just yeah it's all different you you have suffered a loss uh Chris Bum Smith beat you your last fight at cruiserweight what was that like because I've heard you talk about you in the buildup many years ago though. You did say you feared losing. You didn't want to lose your own. Yeah, of course. Uh, how did I feel? It was a weird one because I felt like I was still better than better than him. So, I was kind of like, folks, I got a rematch go. Want to get get it back on the rematch. It's more so when that opportunity didn't come. That's when it kind of hit me like, "Oh, wow. They're just going to take that win and run off to the into the sunset." That's more where it was like, "Oh, damn." But then um in reality I kind of like just said to myself like there's so much more for me to do. So actually I was at a bit of a crossroads if that makes sense. So I remember with that fight I was there in Dubai businesses life is like fighting where it's like okay boxing opport what what do I do I even want to box anymore? Like do I need to anything like that? And I remember that was kind of the energy I was I was getting especially because of my former promoters and just a lot lot of lot of stuff going on behind the scenes I didn't really enjoy and I was just like boxing can't keep doing this like I can't keep giving boxing and then boxing's like boxing politics. But I remember what kind of drugged me out if I'm honest is I went to Spa Parker for the um when he was back to box Wilder and I remember after that spar cuz I was literally just chilling on the couch for months like cuz the rematch wasn't happening and I was just like oh f all this and then they said oh spar fighting wild like in a week or two come down and help. I was in Dubai they were in Saudi. I remember going there doing a few rounds just saying to myself oh yeah like this is Parker about to fight next week. like I'm good at this is it why am I like messing around like just at home I can actually like bro compete with all of these guys as well so um from there I kind of just started getting myself back on it you know um Joe was actually the one in the um in the corner for me in Saudi cuz obviously he was working with the Mike Tyson gym and I was just like yo let's actually do something and then not long after that I was in Poland you know and then we kind of gone from Yeah, that Rosanski win. I don't think enough people are talking about it because I'm not sure you were a big favorite heading into that fight into the lion's den against the fellow who just knocked out Babich in a couple of rounds and you just dealt with him. Yeah. Well, it's like a I do I I started to really understand the weight stuff uh after the Chris fight. I was like like I looked at some of my like you know stats and my best times and my best this and that and it's like when I when it got to like after I'd won the world title or defended it it's like the weight making process was just too much. I'm like 109 kilos dropping down to 90 kilos and it's like although I'm yeah I'm fit cuz I'm running running every day to get the weight off by the time I put the weight back it's not really not really the same. So when I was going to Poland, I remember like the weight making process wasn't as bad. It was only like 7 kilos or whatever. So I was like, "Okay, I feel on the days leading up to I was like, I feel way better than I usually do on fight week." And then it allows me to focus more on the actual job. So obviously I got the first round stoppage. And then even in my last fight, it's the biggest guy quote unquote I've been in the ring with, you know, whatever he was 200 and something pounds, 18-1. And I just remember thinking to myself like I feel strong like I feel explosive and I feel like as soon as I catch one of these guys they're gone. And then he allowed me to lock in and then get get the stoppage. And same way I feel now. It's like on the day all I'm locked in on is actual performance and actual like sequences and stuff as opposed to like what salad am I going to eat the day before or what? It's more so what kind of shots am I going to throw? What positions do I expect to be in? what positions don't I want to be in and then I can kind of focus on the shots I believe that are going to get the KO. What's Joe Gallagher brought to you? um intensity I think um I think um focus and like um application because like I can see I know how to throw a jab and how to throw a right hand and how to move back and how to move left and how to do all of the basic boxing stuff but it's like okay do this and do it well and do it every time and just we need you to be like this every time so say for example I'm doing 60% of the time he's not going to be okay if I'm doing if I'm doing a 90% he's not he's not okay. He wants it to be 100% 100% of the time. So I'm always striving for something and it gives me stuff to kind of work on every every session and yeah solid. It feels like no no fighter is ever going to come here to this gym and be bigger than the gym. It's you're always going to be kind of put in your place like cracks are whipped and 100% like Yeah. I mean, I come in today and then I got reminded, yo, like nobody block the jab, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do like do whatever. And um it's good and I think that's how boxing should be a start. Should you be a bigger than the gym or bigger than training? We all have to do our road work. We have to hit the bags. We all have to spar. We have to sleep on the right time. And I think boxing's a game of like what have you done for me lately? Like the boxing universe, whatever you want to call it. It's like I could say all day long I was two weight world champion. and I've done this, I boxing, but then come July the 19th, I have to do it again. So, it's like nothing matters except for, you know, what you do next. Well, Joe's going through his own fight at the moment as well. How how inspiring is that for you when he's there giving it all that energy getting in the ring showing you got to do this. So, I saw so much energy from him today. I'm like, what was he doing on Saturday? He can't have been in a good way. How inspiring is that for you? It's extremely inspiring. And it's like it shows like boxing's bigger than just like two guys having a punch. It gives people like um warrior spirit. Uh and it just shows his character in general. You know what I mean? Like I said from before, him especially like I had big fights and big high pressure moments kind of shielding us from what he was going through in order to kind of make sure that we're just focused on the fights until he had to kind of let us know, show these characters. Like I felt when I I didn't have any clue because he didn't come in sad. He didn't come in like some people might I'm going through this and kind of project on you at Ross. he just, you know, um held it down for everyone in the gym. And um as I said, like I said to him, I'm going to win a a heavyweight world title with him. And I stand by that. Yeah. He's I don't think he's had a heavyweight before, let alone he's got one now. And as I said, I I believe by the end of this year or early next year, like for anyone that says I won't, they're going to see, you know what I mean? Go check the history books cuz you tend to do it. Yeah. Yeah. They're going to see something for sure. All right. Where do you fit into this heavyweight mix then? because there's like the division is is lively to certainly say that you've got that belt at the moment. You're in a great position, but where do you see yourself right now? Uh I see myself one or two fights away from a heavyweight world title. I think Kevin Lena being a bridgeweight world champion with the WBC is a a like a solid um step and it's like okay cool. He's going to come with intent. He's going to come with um training purpose. he's going to have his whole reasons to want to win. So when I get that win, it's going to, you know, boost me in the in the right direction. And I think after that, um, I'm number one. And then there's Cabay who's in world champion. Um, we don't know what's going to happen July with Dan Deborah and Uzi. But I do think it'll be me and Cabay um, straight after. God willing, I'm successful on this one. And then that's either a world title or I'll get the world title, the one after that. Do you want to see Dillian White at some point? Oh, not anymore. Um, I need to see that fight, Lawrence. You know, like it really depends on how the fight with him and Moses goes. Um, like for me, it's literally just a boxing thing. Like it's just, you know, obviously if you check like me and him haven't seen eye to eye for a number of years and I felt like the best way to handle that is in the boxing ring. He's on a different route which I can't necessarily blame him. Do you know what I mean? If Saudi comes knocking and says box, you know, headline here, yeah, go ahead and answer that call. But I just think there won't be much to gain after this fight with Moses. I I believe so. Um, we'll see. But it'll be I just I just don't think we're going to cross paths because I expect to win my next few fights and I expect them to lose these next ones. So, I don't know where we cross like paths, but you never know. I mean, the way you sort of phrase that suggests that you expect Moses to really do a number on him. Uh, I do. Um, I do. I do. I just think stylistically Moses is very sharp. Um, he's like he's explosive, especially early. And I think that um um Dylan isn't necessarily his whole career he's he's he's sort of made a career on being tough and rugged and blocking and coming back with left hooks and you know being a sort of dog. And I just think that the a dog is not the right kind of style to go in against someone who's sharper than you, punches hard and is good with angles because I I just I just don't think Dylan's got the boxing IQ to kind of avoid some of the shots that are going to come his way. I could be wrong. It's heavyweight boxing. Anything can happen. But I just I just I just can't see it personally. Why doesn't he like you? Um don't know. I mean, I don't like him. He don't like me. I just think it's just it's like sometimes you don't see eye to eye with people or groups of people. I think that that whole side since the Chamberlain days and AJ versus Dylan and it's always been them versus us. And you know, I've kind of been from cruiserweight days like I remember saying I beat Dylan and whatever. You putting the video out. Yeah, putting the video like it's it is what it is. Like and also for me as well like especially those times AJ was my manager is um you know he'd helped me a lot through that stage of my boxing career and it's just like if you got a problem with someone that I'm cool with, I've got a problem with that's just how it is. Especially obviously as I said where I grew up that's kind of the energy that we come with. So from then it's not like okay you and Asia might not have a problem anymore. Well I already put my land in the sand. Yeah. You put your land in the sand with the Chamberlains, the Reapples, the Dillons and whoever else. Like it is what isn't it? You might have to see Moses one day though. Yes. I might have to. Do you know what I mean? I remember when I was wearing him when he was younger thinking to myself, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. He's 15, 16, I'm 27. Doing the maths like if I retire at 36 he'll be 22. like there's no way he's going to like you know what I mean and then all of a sudden this this guy comes through and just starts turning through and then you know what it's more so the Dylan fight kind of like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like cuz when he beats Dylan in my opinion it's like he's now at the door with anyone else you know what I mean? He's number one with the WBO. Uh I'm number one with the WBC. It's like I expect to still be around for another few years. So it's like like I expect him to get to the top. So, you just never know. Kevin Lena, then how's this fight going to go? Um, it's going to go well. I think I think it's going to go well. I think it's going to be a good fight. I think I expect to be just too dominant and just a bit um I I I when I visualize the fight anyway, you know, we don't know what's going to happen until we get on the day, I just think I'm going to be a bit too sharp, a bit too clever with my movement pattern and punch a bit too hard. Um, and I think that, you know, the sort of experiences that I've had are going to are going to shine through. Five weeks notice, Southpool strong. He brings a lot to the table. He does, but like Southpool is not really something that bothers me if I'm honest. Like Southp I'm quite comfortable with. Southpool's had a lot of experience in the amateurs with it. And even as a pro, I won my world title against a Southpool via KO. I've stopped every southpaw that I've boxed um in as a like it just kind is what it is. But I think um it's a very good counter counter argument that by the way I've knocked at every ser because the thing is he's solid. He's a solid guy. He's a world champion currently. It's not going to be I'm just going to walk in there and hit him. He's going to fall down. He's he's going to be training his ass off right now and he's going to come primed and prepared. I just think I'm a couple levels above him in terms of like decision making, in terms of like um I'm going to grit it out. If I have to gr it out, I'm going to uh I'm just going to work. And the fact is like I want to win like be like beyond bad. Do you know what I mean? So it's like I just think yeah, a lot of stuff's in my favor. We're going to we're going to we're going to go and see. I just think especially I know it's a short camp but I'm already in great shape and there's only more to come in terms of like fine tuning and I think I'm in a great place right now and I'll be even better in a few weeks. Just a final one on that. I've heard you talk about when you are fighting someone, you will almost engross yourself in everything about them. You watch their interviews and stuff like that. Have you been doing that with Kevin Lena? Yeah, I watch I watch everything that Kevin kind of says and does and like some take is he's being serious, some take he's not being serious. But it's like there's there's a point where I do cut that off. But it's like you have to like I like watching to kind of see patterns over like this is what this person does when someone throws this punch at them cuz you usually kind of react the same way to to the same stimulant. So, it's like I kind of like So, for example, I I kind I I can I believe I can see how the fight's going to go based on the decisions I'm going to make first. So, I'm going to make certain decisions knowing that he's going to react certain ways and then I'm going to be able to, you know, make him pay for those those certain decisions. But, um yeah, I've been watching watching interviews though. The only Oh, interviews. Oh, it's like Yes. Because sometimes people give stuff away like and sometimes they like you have to be careful cuz some I sometimes lie in interviews to throw people off. Do you know what I mean? Bit of bait here and there. Yeah. Like I'm going to do this or I'm not going to do that but I really am going to do it. And it's more so like I don't know. I just enjoy it. You know what I mean? I just enjoy it because like I've watched interviews with pretty much everyone that I've bots and then I like to see the interviews afterwards or like whatever and see the difference and like be interesting. Pleasure speaking to you today. Thank you so much. What was that? is I'm What was that? What was that handshake? What is that? Is that handshake? Take it. Let's shake. Handshake. Let's fist bump it. By the way, Daniel Dwire, have you ever fist bumped him? Um, no. Funny enough. Doesn't know how to fist bump. Just almost breaks my hand every time. Fair enough. Is he going to be Is he going to be Is it I I I think so. I think so. Yeah, I think so. I think I think he is. I think um I just think he is. I don't know. But I I thought that about absolutely everyone that's boxing it. But I just think if there's a time, it's now surely. Um, so yeah, I think I think he'll get it done. Pleasure speaking to you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah.