Kind: captions Language: en Anto, I would say fight week is here. Fight week for us started last night when you guys came face to face. You and Jazza came face to face outside the three arena. Uh so welcome again. The weather is certainly here in in Dublin. It's given us something to think about. But you two faced off last night for the first time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How was it? How did it go? &gt;&gt; It was just a face off, you know. It was it was good to see him here in Dublin. I was panicking for a beard and he was in Dubai and you know I was just glad to see him. &gt;&gt; Given the stage of career that you guys are at, you've both done this a lot of times now. This is not your first dance so to speak. Can you learn anything from the other one? And I guess also do you do you have to hide? Do you know how to hide things when when you go face to face with an opponent? &gt;&gt; No, there's nothing there's nothing to hide. It's we're we're both uh we're both raw. We're ready to go. Jazza Jazz has had a hard camp similar to myself. You know, 10 weeks of hard graft sacrifice, you know, he's been emotionally tiring, physically, mentally. It's this is all part of the job and it's what builds me up into what I am now, sitting in front of you. So again, it's this is just another day at the office and I'm a rock. &gt;&gt; What do you think the how do you see the fight playing out with Jazz? What kind of And I know I know asked you this last night and you kind of said, "Well, let's see what he does." But &gt;&gt; ultimately, you want to have it your way. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, in your mind, how does this fight go? &gt;&gt; Me winning this fight, me getting my hand raised by any means necessary. Um, Jazza is going to be a tricky, you know, he's a he's good. He's fit. He's strong. So, I'm also fit strong. I'm a we bit taller than him. I've got a bit more range on him. So, you know, there's lots of shots that I see landing and uh there's lots of things that I have to do to protect myself. So, it's going to be a very grueling fight, I feel. You know, don't get me wrong, it could end early. I could go 12 rounds, you know, who knows? But by any means necessary, as long as I'm coming out of here with the the belt, that's all that matters. &gt;&gt; There's been a lot of excitement in in a lot of your fights recently. You know, they always they always bring the action. They always bring that that fans want to tune into and they and they want to see. &gt;&gt; Which of which of your recent fights do you look back on most kind of proud and which kind of which ones do you look back on and think that was a good night? &gt;&gt; Well, we'll have to say the Cordina fight. I mean, that was my big opportunity for me that was to change my life and the children's life, you know, trying to give us a wee bit of financial stability, which we'll have now. So, that was just amazing. I can't even explain. Even talking about it now, that feeling I got when I won that world title was was one of the best feelings I've ever felt in my life. So, I couldn't I couldn't say any other fight than that. &gt;&gt; I remember watching the start of that fight in one of the dressing rooms and thinking, &gt;&gt; I've got to get out and see this. &gt;&gt; It was it was that kind of fight. How did it feel when you were in there and those shots were landing and at some point I guess you knew I know you would have always believed leading up to the fight but there becomes a point when belief becomes knowledge right when you know this is going my way here now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, from the very first bail like I genuinely I knew he was a great champion. He was slick and I knew what he was about. But I'm from West Belfast. I'm from Andy Town. I'm I've got something in me that's hard to explain. You know what I mean? I I if if it came down to me having to get carried out in the stretcher or you know I'll give my life to change my children's life. So &gt;&gt; for me whenever I landed that first punch I heard him I heard a couple of I landed a few body shots I could hear him wincing. &gt;&gt; You hear the w Yeah. I knew then you know he he's not a world beater. He's not invincible. He's just another man like me. So &gt;&gt; yeah, I mean that's just kind of how it all panned out and how it worked out for me, you know. &gt;&gt; Have you watched it back since? &gt;&gt; Watched it back a thousand times at least. So, you know, it's uh it was a great moment in my life, a great moment in my family's life. You know, my my my father, he's from Italy. He's he's Italian and uh I've cemented his name in in Irish history. I'm the I'm the only Irish super featherweight champion there's ever been in this country. And uh yeah, man, that that that alone gives me tingles, you know, makes me makes me super proud to be where I'm from and and you know, doing this all for my family. &gt;&gt; Do do you allow yourself to watch it now and is it motivation or is it a distraction if you watch the highlights of that fight in particular now a couple of days out from what has to be the biggest fight of your career now because the next one is always biggest, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is it a distraction or is it motivation? &gt;&gt; I don't watch it now. I wouldn't watch it now because it's a different style. I'm fighting a different person, but you know, I I [snorts] always I will always go back to it and and I will always watch the highlights and stuff, but I don't see any need for to be watching that fight this week. You know, it's uh &gt;&gt; it's a different different catfish all together. &gt;&gt; Do do you aim to go out and try and get another highlight reel against Jazza Dickens? Do do you do you want to go in there and have the next video? Okay. the Cordina one's great, but now we've got the Jazza one. Is Is that the kind of Is there any mindset in your head going forward? &gt;&gt; Well, that's that's a dream. That's a dream. You know, I would love to knock Jazz out in Dublin. I'd love to knock him out and uh and uh add that to the highlight reel, but again, it's not really like there's no pressure on me like to go and do that. It's kind of just it is what it is kind of thing. I mean, I'm very real when it comes to boxing because one punch can change your life. One punch can change the whole trajectory of the fight. So I just need to get this done. I need to get in here and perform the best of my ability and and make the people around me, everyone that's put in know, Rory Delton, Michael Hawkins, Michael Hawkins senior, like go down the hard 10 weeks that these have put in, I want to go in and make them all proud and and you know, not for not for the to waste their time in a way, if you get me. &gt;&gt; Do you allow yourself to think about the next step, the next fight? &gt;&gt; No. No, &gt;&gt; no, don't don't even don't even enter my head. It's all about this and it's all about beating Jazza Dickens and and uh you know I know Jazza, he's only come into this type of atmosphere and this type you know he's a champ world champion. I know he's going to want to give it his all. So I'm just uh I'm in the same type of mental attitude. I'm going to go in here and give it my all and uh hopefully I can come out of here as a WBA world champion. Just just quickly finally when we spoke last night you did you were conscious to correct yourself because you said we're both world champions. Well well I'm a former world champion whereas a lot of people once they win that world champion status they're referred to as world champions for the rest of their life. That's that's the the title they earn. Do you not think of yourself like that now because you have to go and earn it? &gt;&gt; Well I'm not a world champion. I'm not a world champion. It's um I was a world champion. I'll always be a world champion as in terms of history, but as it stands right now, I have nothing at all to lose. Zero. I'm not haven't got the IBO belt. I let the boys in the undercard fight for that. Jonno and uh Murf, so they're going to fight for my belt. I'm getting in here with a with no belts, nothing. No pressure, nothing, you know, no noose hanging around my neck. It is what it is kind of thing. I went here and giving me all and I'm trying my very best. &gt;&gt; We can't wait to see a great fight on Saturday. &gt;&gt; And so we'll see you then.