Kind: captions Language: en 15 fights, no defeats. On March 14th, Cole Murphy here has the opportunity to change his life and really break out. How are you, sir? &gt;&gt; Very good. It's great to be here today. Obviously, I'm getting ready for January 31st for my 12 round Commonwealth title fight, but I'm showing my full intentions being here to get the win there and then move on to fight for the IBO title in an Irish world title fight. &gt;&gt; This is really interesting. It's not very often I'm in a situation where I'm speaking to a fighter about a show in March, but before that they've got the biggest fight of their career in January. So tell me what the mindset is knowing that before you even get to that, you've got to overcome this in January. &gt;&gt; Well, it's s such a great opportunity to fight for the Commonwealth title. The last Commonwealth champ from around my parts at Fabwe was about 70 years ago. So, it's it's a huge opportunity to fight for that belt. And all being well, we're going in. We're going to put in a performance that my team know I'm capable of. And then we've got a really tough challenge with Jon Carl in March for the IBO world title, which is a huge opportunity. And it's a huge step up, but me and my team and myself especially really think that I'm going to rise to the occasion. &gt;&gt; And you're really betting on yourself here though by by the fact that you are taking that fight beforehand. you're banking on yourself to go there, pick up that Commonwealth, pick up all the praise and the love that comes with it and preparation and then go in to beat John O Carol. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The way I see it, uh John O Carroll, like he has boxed a lot longer than me. He was on the prize fighter when I believe I I was starting out boxing. You'll have seen his career. He's been in with world level fighters, but we're both from the same Irish boxing tree. Do you know what I mean? Theorn doesn't fall far from the tea. I've grew up here here in Belfast. We're known for being good boxers. You know, both probably entered all the same amateur compet competitions as well. So, I'm really betting on myself here that the better the fighter, a warrior like Donno will bring out the best of me. &gt;&gt; It's interesting because yeah, as you mentioned there, when you were first lacing up gloves, he was winning prize fighter. There's a bit of an age difference there. It's youth versus experience. Is that going to be a factor for you, your youth, your freshness to win this fight? Well, I I think he, you know, he is still fresh and very game. I don't think he's uh declined to too to too to too too much of age. I believe, you know, the main event here, Antto and Jazz like that they're a year older. So, I just think right now this is the perfect time for me. Some people would sit back and think, "Oh, in a year I'll be better prepared." But you never know what life's going to throw at you. And I've literally I literally ran Belfast Marathon in May, went 3 months later to fight my first 12 rounder and looked amazing, looked strong to doing that. And then now I've got a 12rounder here in January at the end of the month and then hopefully another one and then signed up again for a marathon in May. Like where do you hear about this? I'm in prime physical condition for all these challenges set out for me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you proper keep yourself busy then, don't you? That in between fights you just sort of run marathons. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, my mom likes likes to say I, you know, ran before I walk and that's it. I do. I I my coach couldn't even get me out of the gym after my last 12 rounder. Like that's that's my home for me. That's where I'm comfortable. And some boys, you know, they'll do your 12 rounder and you you won't see them for months. I'm came ready. I was expecting another 12 rounder probably by October, but there was a we bit of a delay with the Comwalth title and now that you know that opportunity has come up, we can't pass it. Tell me about this nickname then because on boxre wreck it says you are posh boy. Where did this come from? &gt;&gt; So growing up growing up before my parents got divorced I I lived in an area which you know would be called like p privileged to be growing up in very safe and stuff. But uh I I then moved out of that area uh when I was like second year before just before I started boxing and I was living in like social housing uh with with my mom and we then you know and wanted something to kind of raise myself like a sport. I wasn't doing anything. So I went to a boxing club in West Belfast and I'm from South Belfast. So there is a wee bit of an accent difference. So going there, you know, like I I stood out with with my voice and you know, I remember bringing a few of my mates up as well one day and like the coach was like, "What is this One Direction walking in?" Do you know what I mean? So it was a big big difference, you know, but the kids there like they called me posh boy kind of taking the mick out of me. Now none of them box or anything. So going in to my pro career, you know, I've made this my own thing. Do you know what I mean? I I now own that nickname and I'm I'm proud to wear it. &gt;&gt; I've seen you box and you don't box like someone from a privileged background. You don't box like a posh boy. You box like you are hungry. Co. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I wear my heart in my sleeve. you know, recently, you know, especially boxing's been about a personal evolution for me going in and, you know, all these camps, they're hard, you know, but I get so much support from my like mom, my girlfriend, and and my dad and so and so. And I just I just want to repay them all back with that by being like a good son and a good person and then growing as a person. So each fight really to me is a world title fight, especially these last like eight or so. So, you know, even though it is for IBO H superweight title and I've got the Comwalth fight here, you know, it's the personal growth to me is the big challenge and you that that pressure there like it it's always been there. Do you know what I mean? And I really think the bigger the challenge is now, the more I'll rise to the occasion. &gt;&gt; Well, this is a big challenge. He calls himself King Kong. Uh you've just faced off with him for the first time. Little face off outside the arena. And uh what does it mean? The fact that he did a little boot and you didn't flinch at all. Can we read anything into that, Cole? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, I'm here cuz we all believe in myself. You know that I'll rise the occasion and that that I'll win the next two fights for the title. But to be honest, I was surprised I didn't jump myself, too, cuz usually like, you know, I hear a knock on the door and I'm like, "Oh god, someone out to get me." You know what I mean? So, well, it goes to show I'm deep in camp here for my next fight. I've came all the way down to Dublin for press duties as a professional, you know, like if if I had the choice, I probably wouldn't go. But as a fighter, you you're a professional, and you have to do this if you sign up. But, uh, it goes to show my full intentions are to get the Commonwealth title and again come back down to Dublin to fight and win. &gt;&gt; You're not here to mess around, are you? &gt;&gt; No. And, you know, no one's going to be able to take this away from me in 10 years time. when I've done the sport, you know, I'm going to be turning around and I'm going to be saying like I I went for it. You know what I mean? That that's what I want to do in life. &gt;&gt; That seems to motivate you. The fact that Yeah. You don't want to be years from now looking back saying I could have, I should have, I would have, you want to say I did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just want to be the best Colin Murphy that I can possibly do. And this boxing has really brought out the best in me in the last few years. And, you know, people close around me can really see that. Is it strange to be fighting someone that you you've probably been a fan of over the years because he's been older? Because he's been one of the the real names in Irish boxing. Is it strange to be fighting someone like that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I never really thought I would be here. Do you know what I mean? But I'm still a fan. Do you know what I mean? He is he's a good fighter and a warrior, you know? He he wears his heart in his sleeve, but you know, when it's, you know, two dogs put put in a cage to fight, you know what I mean? It's who wants it more. &gt;&gt; And you want it more. &gt;&gt; I believe I do. Yeah. I've been been through a lot to get here and I'm not going to stop. &gt;&gt; What's the prediction then? &gt;&gt; Uh I think to be fair it's going to be fight of the night. You know what I mean? Cuz there is that big will. But I think I I I'll surprise people and I'll put in a very good boxing performance cuz uh on the last Queensbury show I didn't show my full boxing ability. &gt;&gt; You still got the win that night. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Best of luck. Thank you very much Rasmi.