Kind: captions Language: en Frank, Daniel, Don, Daniel, you dare to be great today. You challenge yourself against arguably one of the greatest heavyweights of all time. It wasn't your night, but it was an incredible performance. How would you sum up that performance on yourself? &gt;&gt; Um, I I have to commend him on the performance. Um, I gave you everything I had. Um, it was just wasn't probably a few things I could have sharpened off on, but I'm taking no credit from the man. I'll be back. No doubt you will be back. We we've seen it before. The jab was key last time round. You didn't throw or land enough jabs. Did you think maybe you would have landed more jabs and more to the body like your team were telling you to do? &gt;&gt; Um I was just fighting, man. I was in a fight and I was just trying to pick out round by round. But it is what it is. I'll be back. &gt;&gt; Don, I want to quickly bring you in. Don, you've masterminded the last 18 months coming. Don, I know you don't really like to be on camera and say things, but it was a brave performance, but ultimately he's in there against an all-time great Don. &gt;&gt; Most definitely. That that was never in doubt. Um, we tried to get going. He's a young champion, Daniel Dubois. 27 years old. Remarkable what he's achieved to date. He'll be back from this stronger. That's a great champion. Generational great be that there's not if you're going to lose, lose to someone like that. Do you understand? He'll be back from this. Yeah. Thank the audience. Yeah, I want to thank everyone for coming out. I gave my best. Um, we go back to the drawing board and come again. &gt;&gt; Frank, let's quickly bring you in, Frank. You've had Daniel from the very, very beginning. It was a brave performance from him, Frank. Maybe not what you expected. It certainly wasn't, but again, commend the guy in front of him, Alexander Usyk. Alexander Usyk is a modernday legend. He's an unbelievable fighter. In any generation, he'd be a great fighter, and I take my hat off to him tonight. You know, Daniel was ready for it. He was up and trained hard. No complaints, no excuses. The better man won on the night. He is a fabulous, fabulous champion. Finally, Frank, you seem to have all the other heavyweights that he mentioned there. He mentioned Joseph Park, he mentioned Cabiel, Fury, Chisora. What heavyweight would you like to see him in with next? WBO, I'm sure, or they already have ordered that he being the WBO champion has to make his defense, mandatory defense against Joe Parker. So, it's Joe Parker's time. &gt;&gt; Frank, congratulations on another incredible event. Wembley Stadium packed out again. You must be happy. &gt;&gt; And I'd like to thank everybody for tonight to coming along. You made it a fabulous night. It was a fabulous fight. And God bless you all and a safe journey