Kind: captions Language: en Well, we've had a bit of a theme this evening. Two fights, both haven't gone the distance. Will these heavyweights continue that theme here in Germany? Cheyoun Khal Ami fighting out of the red corner in those white shorts with the black trim from Austria. And Daniel Deets standing at 6 ft 8 and 1/2 from Germany in those black shorts. Both fighters in the orthodox stance, and they are coming out swinging instantly. We all love a knockout, don't we? You can't not not like the heavyweights, I don't think. Well, one &gt;&gt; Cuz anything's possible. 100% Oh, good shots. One's 9 and 0 and undefeated fighter coming to win clearly. And the other one's 15 and 1, but obviously coming to win as well. And they're both getting straight down to it here. Good job to the body, setting things up. Deets just trying to establish that jab as he goes head and body, body and head there. Khal Ami's no walkover though, is he? Oh, good shot. 9 and 0, isn't he? Swings that left hook Khal Ami and misses. Needs to just make sure he doesn't get caught after that one. Oh, nicely done there. Takes the shot well, does Khal Ami. Keeps coming forward. Good jab upstairs and then sinks that right hand into the body, does Germany's Daniel Deets. Oh, needs to turn them hands over. The knuckle. Back on the jab. Good scrap this boy, isn't it? Oh, nice left hook there from Khal Ami. That one landed. The two previous didn't. Another straight right hand gets through from Oh, he's Is he looking for Deets He's having a go there, and the legs of Khal Ami look a little bit unsteady. He's He's got him. Needs to grab him here and buy time. What we'd hate is for this to turn into an ugly fight. It's good when they're arms length, and letting their hands go. A minute to go here, you know, in the opening round. And uh What a great first round. Both of them coming out swinging, landing big shots. And uh Can't see this going the full the full distance. It's a good little fight, isn't it? Good body work here from both fighters. Khal Ami just constantly walking forward, trying to sneak through with a short right hand there. As Deets rolls under that left hook. He wants to work up close this year, Khal Ami. Khal Ami just nips the chin of Daniel Deets. It doesn't affect him though. I uh Can't see this going the eight rounds if this continues. It's uh it's a good opening uh first round. Good timing now on the response from Deets. He just tries to take the center of the ring and throws that one two very nicely. And doesn't neglect the body either, does Deets, which is good from a heavyweight because they so often go head hunting. And coming back with some solid work of his own. Good opening round there. Well, what what would you say if you were in either corner? Uh good opening round, you know. Um I think with Khal Ami, he needs to stop smothering his work a little bit, you know. He's doing good stuff, and he's smothering his work. He's getting a bit close, especially for two big lumps of lads. You know, they need to keep it keep He needs to try and keep it nice long. When he was timing shots, uh they they were landing Christian. The left hook was working nice. And um Yeah, and for the other lad, um just needs to keep him on the jab, setting everything up, you know. Um Just just Just I don't know. Allowing Khal Ami to come up close and make it horrible. Needs to keep on the jab. Is this Is this about timing, Layden? I'd like to see Deets yeah, maybe put the weight on the back foot and just walk him onto something when he's just walking forward with his hands up. I think that could be a fight ending shot. Uh But maybe even Deets putting his hands together a little bit more and just not just maybe walking away. Let's see what round two has got to offer. As we said, this one is scheduled for six three-minute rounds. Whether we'll get to the sixth and final round will be another thing. &gt;&gt; for six rounds. It's a hard opening round to score, you know. Oh. Oh, good shots. Both exchanging heavy blows in the opening part of round two. Good body shot. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Maybe jab a bit more setting up there, you know. He's timing something, you know. I can see it coming. Good shots. Right there, we're not smothering himself, keeping it nice and long. Boxing well here in the second round, Khal Ami. Khal Ami looking a little bit more patient actually with his work. Doesn't look to be rushing it as much as he was. Leaving a few gaps all around there under the elbows. Maybe carry that left arm a little bit higher. And Daniel Deets just trying to get his timing right. That was a nice right uppercut which snapped the head back of Deets. Khal Ami having a proper go now. Just Just trying to rough him up as well. Get back to his boxing, Khal Ami. Don't stop smothering himself. I think he just likes to be up close, doesn't he? And just wants to have a scrap. There's much more to boxing than that though. I mean, it looks it looks like Deets is getting a bit knackered of Khal Ami just walking forward constantly. And it doesn't look like he's got quite enough at the moment to kind of keep him at bay, does it? But how long can Khal Ami keep this going for? I'd like to see Khal Ami when he's up close, touching touching with a few shots, and then we get wing a big one in. He's just looking when he gets up close to that one big shot. And uh he's uh he's covering himself nice. He's um Deets. Good shots. As you say, Khal Ami doesn't know how to lose, does he? So Good way to roll over. Good uppercut. Yeah, nice angle change there from Khal Ami. Oh, really good overhand left there from Khal Ami, but Deets took it well. Took it well, shakes it off. But he's definitely down on the cards in this round, in my opinion. He's got to do some work here. He started the the fight well with that jab, popping it body and head, wasn't head hunting. Good job. I'd like to see him double up with that jab and then then fold that big right hand in. I'd like to see him touch Deets's body a bit more. Just head hunting in the body here. He's Yeah, that's it. Khal Ami looks like he's just trying to find that one shot. &gt;&gt; possessed. Just wants to win so bad, doesn't he? Oh. Good shots back from Deets though. Good second round. &gt;&gt; good second round there for Cheyoun Khal Ami. And with two rounds gone, it does look like Daniel Deets is running out of options a little bit here, doesn't he? &gt;&gt; out of steam. Khal Ami's coming on strong there. And Looks like he's breathing heavy a bit in that corner. Khal Ami looks a bit fresh so wonder if we can see a little knockout. Well, what do you do when you've got a fighter like Khal Ami who's just literally walking you down? Do you know what it is? I think like I said from the from from the the end of the first round there, he just needs to work his jab a little bit more and keep keep Khal Ami guessing. He's just allowing Khal Ami to come forward and fight his own game. He needs to get a few faints going and get that jab working and then work off that and and go from there. But it looks like for me in in that in that corner there, he's looking a bit tired, you know. Um If it keeps going the way it is, I can see Khal Ami coming out as the winner, you know. Generally a good operator is Daniel Deets. Only one defeat on his record, and that was a split decision in an IBF title fight. So never been stopped. I think there's one thing that we've learned from this heavyweight game, boys, is one shot can change a fight. And uh he just needs to keep back to keep keep his boxing going, Khal Ami. And I can see him getting the victory here. digging away at that body. But good to see Deets coming back with something there. If he's going to be on the ropes, he needs to work. That's much better from Daniel Deets. Oh, a swing and a miss there, blimey. Nearly took out the cameraman. Oh, good right hand. He's getting to him here. Feet slowing. Wants to grab an hold. I mean, Khal Ami is He's doing some solid work, and he's getting through with some shots. But it doesn't look like Deets is going anywhere though, does he? &gt;&gt; know. Like I says, when he gets up there close, he's just looking for that See that one big shot. He's not He's not touching away. He's not He's good body shot from from Deets. Good shot. Oh, good right shot. Nice right hand there. He's very unorthodox, this Khal Ami, isn't he, boys? He's throwing from all angles. And uh &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; But they're sometimes the trickiest types of fighters to fight, aren't they? Because they don't throw shots how you used to them coming at you. This year, Khal Ami just wants to fight. doesn't he? So, he's there in his face and winning them in. I tell you what, I think he'll do this for six rounds as well if Daniel Deats allows him to do it. He will just keep walking forward. He's got an engine. Let's watch the reds there. Body shot. Looks a bit tired here, this Deats. Just took a a big deep breath. Just needs to let his hands go a bit more. Just like he's taking taking a little bit too much. Well, Deats made Salami miss there, but then didn't capitalize on it. And you guys know better than than I do that if you're going to make someone miss, you've got to got to make something of that opportunity, haven't you? And there's a few times where a big left hook's gone straight past his head, and then he's kind of just stood there and done nothing. Yeah, when you make someone miss, make them pay. They made the mistake, capitalize on it. I'd like to see Salami work the body and then come on back up over the top, you know? He's just head hunting all the time and Oh, good shot. Good level change. Good uppercuts. Well, Salami solid right hand there. Really good. This uh Deats is saving it for the last 10, uh looks like. Saving it for the last 10 in the second round and the same that round, so I didn't really It was hard to score the first round and I don't know about you, but it was hard to score, but I think Salami's won the last two rounds. I'd agree with that. Uh And he's just doing more work, isn't he? He's just doing a lot more work and that is purely what how he's winning the fight. He's not technically brilliant, is he? But that is his work rate. And he's smothering him, which is making it hard. His work rate and his determination to keep that winning record going, you know? And a good win on this show can can lift him to good things and yeah, he's just outworking him. No disrespect to the guy. He's not the most technically best in the world, is he? But he's working He's working hard and he's he's getting the job done here, I personally think. Sometimes that's it's as simple as that, Layton, isn't it? Work harder. Yeah, just you work work harder than them and outwork them, then if that's what suits you, then that's how you want to win, win that way. I suppose, but I win at any cost, isn't it? Well, here we go then, round four of six. This one in the heavyweight division. He's just walking through him, isn't he? Like whatever Deats throws, he's just walking through him. Good there from Deats. Nice to see him throw that jab and change the angle. I think Deats has been fooling us that he's not tired. Well, he hasn't got long to Yeah, to prove us &gt;&gt; to prove it, has he? Six rounds soon flies by, especially when you done a lot of work going backwards and finding yourself on the ropes and doing a lot of defensive work. Where he is now, yeah. &gt;&gt; Takes its toll. Feel a good look round as well. Loads of the arena's filling up nicely, isn't it? It's um Oh. Oh. Oh. Deats just had a wobble back there. He's knackered, isn't he? Oh. None of this work from Deats is effective enough to keep Salami away. But But Salami isn't throwing as much as he was. Good double jab. He's not throwing as much as he was, Salami. Good uppercut. Oh. Salami is like a man possessed, isn't he? Just even before the referee's allowed him to continue, he's going to turn and just walk in towards him. And he's making this a really, really hard night at the office. For Deats, yeah. For Deats. For sure, but he's not throwing as much as he was. And there's not as much in his punches that looks like as there was. They're both tiring, ain't they? Um They've been working hard and uh holding. Do both men need to maybe do less, but do a bit more if that makes sense, so A bit less moving and a bit more punching, yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. Robin, they're just kind of walking forward over and over again, throwing the same kind of rhythm and style of punches at the same power because it's not really working for either of them, is it? I mean, well, it is working for Salami cuz he's winning this fight in our opinion. I think Deats has maybe edged this round. Yeah, he's got some cleaner shots. He's just got no effect though, has he, on Salami? He's He's landing some good shots. Tired here. It's not eye-catching, is it? Good work. Good work. Good work there from Deats there. &gt;&gt; Martin Bakole. That's a nice on the back foot there from Deats. There was a good right uppercut which got through there, just above our commentary position at ringside. And this is much better. Some more effective work here. So, we're going to the last few seconds of this round. And that was a much better finish, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was, yeah. It was a good round that, you know? It was hard to score, to be honest with you. It was hard to score. It was It was much more like the first round. Um It was good It was a good round of boxing that. I think Deats just edged that round. Yeah, you felt felt like he did the better work on that back foot and the ropes, etc. &gt;&gt; two all going into the last last two. Be interesting to see how this one has been scored. I mean, sometimes heavyweight fights can be, you know, amazing. They can be electric. It doesn't even matter if it's a kind of one and oh versus a two and oh fighter or whatever it is, or if it's, you know, an undisputed heavyweight champion of the world. Other times, they can become really untidy, especially when you've got big, tall, heavy guys and they're leaning on each other and grabbing each other. &gt;&gt; big heavy men, so it's going to take it out of them, isn't it? &gt;&gt; And there's been a little bit of that, but but it hasn't been dull, has it? No, it's been It's been a good watch. And um up to now, we've we've had we've had three good good performances. Well, Daniel Deats is back out establishing that jab. We haven't seen him really trying to work that jab since round one. And that was what was working really well for him in the opening round, and then it kind of disappeared in round two, but two rounds to prove his worth and make a bit of a point here. I think he probably needs to win both of these rounds to get the nod in my humblest of opinions. Yeah, listen, these last two rounds uh in my opinion is the winner. Whoever takes these last two rounds wins the fight. Just the edge. Salami doing well to keep Deats on the ropes there. Just every time he moves an inch to the left or to the right, he kind of follows him and traps him in there again. Cuts that ring off well. But Deats probably isn't doing enough to try and escape. I'd like to see Deats go. Oh, good shot. I'd like to see Deats let his hands go a bit more now and show that he he wants to win. Here we go. He's doing some not bad work on the back foot though. This Salami is just smothering himself. See that? I think um Deats has took Salami's best work now, you know? And if he wants to win this fight, he's got to win this last minute and a half and push on for the last round and uh hopefully get the nod, but he's boxing well here. He's not really doing much, Salami. He's just walking forward with his hands up. Good body shot. If Salami is just kind of doing the same thing repeat, same thing repeat. But So, they're just Oh. I mean, Deats looks more effective, doesn't he, than &gt;&gt; That's much better from Deats. He needs to try and walk him onto something, doesn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah, like a big uppercut or something. Because the opportunity is there, because all Salami's doing is walking forward. He's just got to get the timing right. Easier said than done, I know. Yeah, definitely easier said than done, but if he found that shot, it could be a fight-ending shot. Coming up to the last 30 seconds now and here we go. Getting angry. He's just smothering smothering himself again and Oh. Good body shot. It's become one of those fights where if you showed people two rounds and told them it was exactly the same round and it wasn't, they'd believe you, because that's exactly what it's been like. Tell you what, they are They're both two tired men in there now, ain't they? They're both swinging away though. Oh, good shot. He's left it to the last 10. He might just nick this with the last 10. Yeah, I'll tell you what, fair play to Shane Salami who's really, really had a go there. And he has not taken his foot off the gas at all. No, he hasn't. He's They're both trying, you know? Uh It's been a good fight and uh I think Salami just won that round, to be honest with you. Um I don't know, but from what I'm seeing, felt like Salami just nicked that round and I think if he wins this round, he's a I think he's a clear winner. Agree with that, Layton? I think we could have a draw here. Oh. Did he just say I didn't even call it and I get it, eh? Should have put 50 pounds on it. I didn't think about draws, but actually you're you might be onto something there. No one likes a draw really, do they? The fighters don't like it, the crowd don't like it. No, you don't like a draw, but you do like to see a winner, but come with the sad truth tonight, boys. Got the both tired look. Oh. We're going to have it off here, aren't they? Right, well. Will we see either or both fighters empty the tank in this sixth and final round? Both going for it. Salami doing what he does best, walking forward. Can Daniel Deats find something from somewhere and catch him with a decent enough shot which is effective? He hasn't found it in the five previous rounds. But that means nothing. It's been a big uh a great prelims fight. Definitely. Great fight for the prelims. Good body shot. Looks like he's tiring here, Salami, don't he? Oh, they're having it off here, lads. Both men exchanging heavy blows there. And Deats doing some good work there with the back foot. Not easy to do that. Really letting his hands go. 2 minutes to go. &gt;&gt; This last round. This is much better from Deats. Where was this the last couple of rounds? And Salami comes through with a big haymaker of a right hand over the top. Digging away at that body. I'll tell you what, boys, what a fight. He's running at him now. Good body shot that was. Big left hook now. He's tired. Deats is absolutely exhausted, isn't he? He's not. If he's not, he's a good actor, but he looks shattered, understandably. Yeah, when that man when A great learning fight. Oh, stunned him there. Still struggling to just get that timing right is Deats, but I think he's doing well on the back foot. I think Deats has had this last round and we could have a draw here, lads. Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh, I think so. Right hand there from Salami. Who is just attached to Deats and has been from the moment of the opening bell. I think the last 50 year could be massive. Oh. And Deats just screaming out aggression as he throws his punches in bunches there and he's going backwards because Salami's forcing him. Great shot from Salami. &gt;&gt; punching. Well, they ain't let their hands go. Goodness knows how many punches both of these men have thrown, but must be into the hundreds and hundreds of them. Especially uh big Salami. Oh, last 10 gone, boys. Get to it. Last &gt;&gt; it out. Go on. 3 seconds, which is been a bit of a slugfest, but a decent one as well. Salami just hasn't taken his foot off the pedal at all. &gt;&gt; Good fight. A solid performance from both of them. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; And fair play to him. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Absolutely shattered, but that was thinks he's edged it and entertaining. Do you know what? It's a hard one to call. It is a tough one. It is, yeah. It was a good fight. I don't know. Good fight. I think for me uh You think Salami &gt;&gt; Salami. I do. Oh. Good fight though. Very good fight. Good watch. &gt;&gt; see a draw here. I'm sticking to me word. They're both going to know that they were in a fight when they wake up in the morning, that's for sure. They're good for this German crowd who have come out early this evening. Doesn't always happen that in arenas. Sometimes you go to arenas around Europe and it's relatively empty until kind of the co-main or main event, but as you know, I'd say it's probably 50% full already or or getting getting towards that figure, which is which is good to see because it means these fighters are important. &gt;&gt; lower down on the undercards are getting to perform not only in front of a crowd, yeah, but on the telly as well. I think it could be a little bit more than 50% full in here, you know. There's not really a lot of seats empty, is there? It's starting to fill up nicely. We look forward to that main event buzz, which we always get in this sport. Yeah. And that music and everyone gets out of their seats. But the crowd up on their feet here, the majority of them. Yeah. So they should, yeah. Great fight. Well, big Salami thinks he's got it. Has Salami got it or has it gone to the man from Germany, Daniel Deats? And the referee has got the fighters together. Let's go over to Mark Buckman and find out. Well, you called it. Yeah. The future was written in the stars, mate. In the future, you know me. But you know what? Maybe that's a that's a fair result that, a draw. No, we don't like the draws. &gt;&gt; don't think any of them deserve to go home a loser or Yeah.