Kind: captions Language: en On May 16th, one of Britain's favorite heavyweights, Dave Allen, gets his dream homecoming right here at the Eco Power Stadium, the home of Doncaster Rovers. I'm with the main man himself. Uh Dave, firstly, look, can you believe this? This is actually happening. This is real. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like I said earlier, I think uh I do I kind of do believe it. I think um you either I mean I do say you're born lucky or good-looking. And I've always said to him, I were born both. So, um, &gt;&gt; you might say that. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. No, but born lucky really. And, um, good things happen to good people, I think. And I've always tried to do my best and be nice to people and me and in life weren't always this way. But, um, last couple of years, things have turned around. Had a bit of luck and and now we're here. This is this is the, uh, this is the biggest fight of my life. You know, I always said nothing would surpass headlining in the O2, but uh this this definitely will. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, the ring is going to be right there in the middle, provided we sell all the tickets, otherwise it might just be in the corner over there, mate. But I I've heard you sell very well around here. The the reaction's been fantastic, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I sold 98 tickets in the first 72 hours. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which is which is a nice feeling. That's just through one Instagram account as well. You know what I mean? Like we just done it we do it through Instagram. We sold 980 already. Um, and you even go back two years, I was selling I sold think I sold 28 tickets for uh if you go about five fights sold 28 tickets for it. I had to put money into box. So, it's a bit of a mad turn around, but I'm very grateful for it and I know I'm not here on me merit for me boxing. So, I'm very grateful for the people that enable this to happen. &gt;&gt; So, why are you here? &gt;&gt; The people really. The people. Yeah, the people. I'm not dafted. I know. Um, if I sold 100 tickets, I wouldn't be sat here. I'd be uh in Germany probably boxing some good guy over there in the corner. I'm not dafted. I know the crack. But um, what we are here and while we have Philip Pergovich in Doncaster and I have this opportunity, why don't I give it the best uh, shot I can. &gt;&gt; And just hearing those words there, Philip Herovich in Doncaster, they are not words that are meant to go together. How have you done this? And what him? No, I'm very proud. Very, very proud. Probably the biggest sporting event Doncaster has ever had, I think. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, pride. Definitely pride. That's the That's the overriding emotion, really. I'm very proud of it. You know, my parents are happy, my dad's happy for once. All my family are happy. My friends are happy. Um, and we can't believe he's here. I actually I never asked for Philip Perovich. I thought I thought the days of fighting the top heavyweights had gone for me. I was happy just to keep doing what I was doing and maybe pick up at the British title if I was if I was good enough and got the opportunity. And then I got a message Philip Pergle Jang. It wasn't a text I expect to open my phone to when he text me, you know, kind of like pit one and Philip Perovich is rated five in the world by the ring magazine. Uh I like the biggest challenge. So we we're doing it big anyway here. So we might as well bring the best guy we can over and that's what we've done. So, I've got a lot of respect for him as a fighter. I think he's fantastic. I know I'm a big underdog, but I just feel like here I'm going to be a very hard man to beat. &gt;&gt; You know, something Cole Frampton said to me once when he fought at Windsor Park, he got his dream fight. He fought Luke Jackson that night and he he come through, but he said, "You could have stuck King Kong, Godzilla, stick anyone in the world in with me, I would have beaten them that night." Is that kind of your feeling about this and what this is going to give you? I feel like this uh this opportunity has given me the uh desire to really put it in. That's been my problem really all my career from being a young kid. Um as a young pro, I had a lot of problems. Um and they stayed with me really probably till my late 20s. I then retired, came back and even as I got older, even even as I had my kids, I still never really found the discipline that was needed. Um, and even even up to the Madov fight, I still really wasn't 100% at it because life, just who I am. But, uh, this one, yeah, I think hopefully people can tell by looking at my face, I'm a lot slimmer, more focused. Uh, this will be the best version of me. Um, and and and that's what it's going to bring. That's it's going to bring the best version of me. People have said for years, the best version of me can give anyone a fight. And hopefully the opportunity of boxing here will bring, you know, a great camp out and I can finally show what everyone's been talking about for years. &gt;&gt; Have you got in the way of yourself before? &gt;&gt; Of course. Yeah, I've been been mad me time. Yeah, I've had loads of time out. I've gambling problems and gambling problems and other stuff led into other problems and um the first 10 years of my career were just a blur. Really looking back a blur. I can't even remember half of it. I was &gt;&gt; I bet they went like that as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it went fast and got loads of stuff wrong. I'd be up fight uh fight a week. It' be a party for me and me money would be spent before I box half the time. So So yeah, but now I've got me kids. I've got I've got a nice house, got a nice partner, life's good, and there's no excuse anymore. &gt;&gt; Has that been a turning point then? The the kids cuz I said to you before like when did you have your first child and you like your eyes lit up? proudly said the date when it happened and kind of what it meant. It feels like that was a key moment in the life of Dave Allen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. August 4th, 2022. Best Yeah. Best day ever. I've always wanted kids. I'm uh I uh me doing good things always is reliant on trying to help others and having the kids really. There's no bigger um there's nothing bigger you can do to help other people than actually bring another life into the world. And I've got two now and they're dependent on me being successful and yeah I I'll stop at nothing to provide them with a nice life. &gt;&gt; Is that Philip Hovich over there? &gt;&gt; I believe so. I've never met him before. Yeah, he's quite a big guy. &gt;&gt; Quite a big fell is he? It's um it's Dave versus Goliath now. Um in the original David versus Goliath, you know, David won. You know, congratulations to David. I mean tell tell us why Dave's going to beat Goliath this time round. I think people have be very, you know, people in boxing have always spoke very highly of me, my ability. I believe I've got a lot of ability. I was always a very good athlete and and I think I've always been a very very good boxer as well. Like you said, my living and other stuff has let me down. But when I put it all right, May 16th, it's not about May 16th. It's about what I do, you know, for the last few weeks and the next few weeks towards that date. If I'm 100% on it, I can give anyone a fight. Philipp included. John, it sounds like it sounds like you've got to beat yourself first. &gt;&gt; That's the first win. Once you've beaten yourself, then it's it's up in the air. You can do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The last few years since I've had the kids, I beat a lot of demons. I had beat a lot of cut a lot of stuff out I was doing wrong. Um, and for the next six weeks, all the only ones that are left are eating bad food, drinking fizzy pop, cuz that's I like fizzy pop. &gt;&gt; So, how you going to stop yourself then? The bad food, the fizzy pop. What's going to happen? &gt;&gt; That big fell over there. Bad. He's stopping me. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't want to bring Donnie here cuz there'll be a lot of Donnie here. &gt;&gt; I've got a lot of pride really. I've lost fight and and that's okay. I lost the better man. But I've never lost a fight in Doncaster school. Never lost a fight at school. I've never lost a fight in Doncaster or whatever. And I don't want the people of Doncaster coming in here. The young kids that are from the amateur gyms I boxed as a kid coming here and watching me get beat. I wanted to come here and watch Dave Allen who is who I'm really am one of them because I brought up a council house in Donnie broke we're not very much and not much opportunity but I went away I picked up boxing and just grafted and slowly plotted on and now we're here and I want to show them that they can do it cuz I'm very much everyone that will be here on the night. So I'm so yeah I'm going to put it all in anyway. I can never promise victory cuz that's not my character, but I can promise I'll turn up at my best and I'll give my best. &gt;&gt; So, are we going to stick pictures of Philip Pervich on the fridge like next to the drinks and all of that? Just have his face everywhere to prohibit you from snacking? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've been thinking about him a lot. He uh he's a terrifying um opponent really. He's fifth best in the world. I'd never beat anyone outside the top probably 25 30 maybe. Luke Brown had a held a version of the world title. I got him a little bit later on, but um I've never won at this level. I've boxed at this level and been beat a few times. So, I know I know I need to bring out a better version of me or it' be the same result, you know, if you do the same thing over and over again and expect a different result. You you're you're a lunatic, aren't you? So, so yeah, Philip Pergovic, um I'll worry about him May 16th. I've got to worry about me first. I've got to get the better of me. And when I when I do that, I've got every chance of beating him. Some people are worried about you taking this fight. There there seems to be, you know, you know, some might just say, "Oh, we shouldn't be fighting. It's a m mismatch, whatever." But there's another strand to it of concern for you. What do you make of that? &gt;&gt; I get the mismatch. Of course, if if I wasn't me, I would look and go, "That's a bit of an odd fight." But, uh, in terms of dangerous, I bought Louis Ortiz. &gt;&gt; I watch Louis Ortiz. I was 24. &gt;&gt; Uh, did you say you smelled of dust by the way or something? &gt;&gt; Weather's originals as well. He was a nice guy though. But um &gt;&gt; I was 24. I'd only had 19 fights, amateur and pro. I could have still entered the developments if I was an amateur with that experience. &gt;&gt; Two weeks notice. Uh gambling mad at the time. Um and he might have split my tongue open, but but I got through it. I bought Dylan White. I boxed Tony Ore on two weeks notice who beat Hovic. I sparred 500 rounds. Anthony Joshua as a 21-year-old at 22 stone. morbidly obese three times a week. I sp Tyson Fury for years. I can handle Philip Perovich. I'm not worried about Philip Perovich. I've not a concern in the world. Um yeah, I've got no concern. People say stuff like that and I say they have no idea where I've been, what I've done. No idea. So, um I don't worry about him. I worry about the result. I don't worry about anything else. &gt;&gt; The ring walk here, I mean, it's going to be incredible. Right. I I watch your ring walk in your not your last fight in the McMud fight and &gt;&gt; from what I remember it looked like it got to you a little bit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is that times 10, right? That was Sheffield. This is Doncaster. How how are you going to prepare for that? Cuz how do you make sure your legs don't go on the way or you you're balling your eyes out, you're doing my way and all of all of that? It was a shock to the system in Sheffield because I've had good receptions, you know, throughout my career. Um, I bought straight at the copper box. I bought some in Saudi. Saudi was wasn't the most full, but it was a big fight and I've been in loads of big fights. Headlin, I've headlined copper box, headlined Paris, I've headlined everywhere really. People often say Dave Allen, but I've headlined everywhere like headlined shows. I've I've been all over the world boxing and the Sheffield one was different because I've main evented before and I've been popular before but that was a new experience. &gt;&gt; Overwhelming. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I walked out and people were screaming and like it was um I wasn't it wasn't fear. It was it was emotional because I only ever wanted to box really cuz I wanted I wanted my dad to me and my dad never really got on too well. He's a hard man, Rich. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very. And I And I'm not an man to be honest. I can fight and that, but that don't make you hard. And I just want him to like me. I wanted everyone to like me. I was a popular kid at school, I guess, but I wanted people to like me and respect me. And, you know, growing up were a bit hard and that. And I had not a chip on my shoulder, but I always a bit like just want people to like me really and be nice to me. And I walked out um in Sheffield and um could have cried really. I thought these people were here for me. There were 8 and a half thousand of them. They were cheering for me and people have been nice to me before and had good reception, but it was something I'd never ever seen before. And it took me a long time to all weigh in the fight for me just to go never really got over it. It took me a while to get over it and it was a lovely feeling, but um but yeah, I'm used to it now. I've had &gt;&gt; You can't be used to this. Like this would be double that. &gt;&gt; No, no, I get it. But I get it. But um &gt;&gt; this is this is um I know what this means. This one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Winning this one is like um winning this one. My kids are sorted forever. My life sorted forever. There's no worries. I've always worried about life after boxing. This will take that away. Um so yeah, this is the one. This is the one. And I'm kind of expecting a big big crowd reaction again. And and yeah, we're going to be on it this time. I'm going to I'm preparing for that. I didn't prepare for that last time. Didn't expect that. I knew it was I knew we' done a few tickets and that, but the atmosphere I've never ever seen it. And and I seen World Heavyweight title fights. I've seen Nathan in water the ring the other day. That were crazy. But I've never I've never seen the Sheffield atmosphere. I've never seen nothing like it. They were screaming. They weren't cheers. They were screaming. And uh I can still see the faces of the people in the front row as I walked out. &gt;&gt; That's amazing. Not many people will get to experience what what you did that night and what you're going to get to experience on May 16th. It's a special special place to be. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was like like a mini panic attack. I wanted to cry and I thought I' got to go and fight this Matt Love now. I just weren't &gt;&gt; You weren't crying, mate. &gt;&gt; I nearly were after about three rounds and um yeah, it was some I'll never ever it was an amazing feeling. I know I lost the fight, but it was a night I'll never ever forget. In these big moments, how much does your your nana get through your go through your head? I know she was I used to watch your social media. I've never seen someone like big and hard heavyweight boxer post their nan so much. It was so like relatable. &gt;&gt; How much is she in your thoughts around events like this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Milan um that was January 28th, 2022. I'll never forget that either. Um but um Milan didn't like boxing, you know, didn't like boxing. didn't want me to box. He used to tell him I'm too pretty to box. I said, "Go do something else." Um, you're smart boy, David. You know, you you're clever. You're pretty. You can go and do something else. But, um, &gt;&gt; she loved you, didn't she? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We um Yeah, we were best friends, mama. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; She um she um Yeah, I think um when she passed away, it was like uh it was it was the worst thing that ever happened to me. But over time gave me real strength as well. I think my daughter Betty about had a six, seven month later. &gt;&gt; Oh, your daughter's called Betty as well. &gt;&gt; She's called Betty or something. I'm Betty. Yeah. And um yeah, just she gave me a lot of strength actually living without. I never thought I You never think you're going to have to, do you? And um &gt;&gt; yeah, she wouldn't have come anyway. She wouldn't she wouldn't have been here to watch it and she wouldn't have watched it. should have sat by the phone, waited for my mom to ring her and say he's won or he's lost, he's all right. And yeah, so &gt;&gt; proud either way though, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Every time every time I box, we we'd buy some, you know, my my garage is full of everything. So when I box we buy I buy a chair we buy a new telly we buy this we buy buy matching jumpers and I bought them all in I wore them I wore all the clothes for about a month but we had matching clothes and that and I I never cried since actually been what the closest I've been to tears since since the funeral but um but uh but yeah she uh mad yeah &gt;&gt; listen you've got first strength to draw on. You've got the strength of 15,000 here in Doncaster and you're a man of the people. There'll be a lot of people supporting you to get the win on May 16th. What is your message to your fans Dave ahead of this one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I hope they have an amazing night. You know, my um my sole aim I said before my last fight was just entertaining people, give them a great night. I said I'm probably not going to be world heavyweight champion, but we can all we can all enjoy this together, you know. um give you good fights, give you entertainment. In fire week, I like to make people laugh and make people happy and hopefully send a good message to the youth. Um and that been no different this time. You know, I've got bringing a great fight here to Donnie and hopefully fight people laugh and we'll have a good time and me and Philip will be respectful and send a good message to the youth. And that's what I'm all about. I'm a different man to um to years ago. Very different person now. So going to put across a good message while still being quite childish as well at the same time. It's a hard thing to blend in really. &gt;&gt; It's why we love you, mate. Listen, best of luck. Thank you very much. Appreciate &gt;&gt; chatting. Thank you.