Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for our co-main event. It is scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the vacant British Heavyweight Championship brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry in association with Boxer along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy and Uni Bet. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge Charles Giles. Timekeeper Chris O' Conor. Our three judges assigned will be Howard Foster, John Laam, and Darren Sargentson. Our referee in charge, third man at the ring will be Ron Kernney. Introducing to you first fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing golden green and weighed in officially at 254.9 lb. Coming to us from Tottenham, London, England. He brings a professional record of eight wins. Just one defeat. Five of his eight wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the current IBO International Heavyweight Champion, Jamie TKV. And his opponent across the ring in this championship contest fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing green and red and weighed in officially at 239.13 lbs. Hailing from Ladbrook Grove, London, England. He brings a professional record of 13 wins, just one defeat, 12 of his 13 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the hard-hitting former WBO European Champion and current English heavyweight champion Big Tow. [Music] What's this? Give it [Applause] Okay, gentlemen. You've had your instructions in the changing room. You know what I expect. Keep it clean. No punching on the back of the head. No punching in the kidneys. Okay. No hitting and holding. Keep it tidy. Touch gloves. Come out boxing on the bell. They just about touch gloves. Menacing looks. Friendly fire turned to flipping tables and now the verbal exchanges are done and the truth will be in the ring. David Adel and Jamie TKV, they've sparred so much in the past. Now they lock horns where it really matters and as Darren was saying, the British heavyweight title on the line, famous venerable old belt, the Lonsdale gold. and they want to get hold of the two of them. TKB will be looking for a fast start behind that jab, but he's got to be careful of analyze power early. Yeah. And they come really, really whack. 12 KOs on his record, but temperament is going to be so important here. They're going to have to listen to their teams. They're going to have to control the way they're feeling. Bad blood obviously going into this contest. So, get the faint going. knife from TKB. Get the jab popping out then the right hand will follow. Both can fight. Both can box. Lots of pedigree between the two of them. Ruon Kiny the referee already involved. We saw John Leam just letting the super lightweights get on with it earlier. But these two heavyweights, they know each other so well, Barry. How much of a factor is that? It will be because some of your your your good habits or your bad habits have been exposed before. So you've been work you can train for that and work off that. But TKV he he dips and throws a jab from a from a from a crouch which works for him and it gets him sliding the distance quite effectively because Ad. So if TK don't get that first jab correct then he's a sitting duck. He's just a target for for Ad to explode onto. So he has to be aggressive but he has to get it right. crafty with that right hand as well. TK, we've yet to see it yet, but he really slings it in wide. Usually gets round the guard of his opponents, but Adlay there's a bit more accuracy in his shots. He's a bit more well scored, I'd say. Sharper. There's a jab from TKV who's got the weight advantage in there, but Adelaide more experienced and tries to get the uppercut going. Adam Moon in that blue corner of David giving him some instructions and a round of applause. Got Barry Smith and Ben Davidson in the red corner. It's quality all around the ring. What will we get inside it? You see just waiting to make to make the mistake. Yeah, I say he slipped inside. I bet it grazed the target that left uppercut. But I like the way he's thinking Adelaide. He's looking to come over that jab. Whether it be on the outside or inside jab of his own there just trying to force Timmy to to explode and TK just got to stay low. going to slide into the distance from there's a smaller target off there. No rabbit punches back of the head. Keep it nice and clean. Not been a great deal in this opening round. Just trying to get set a pair of them. Um, Joe behind me. Huh? Joe, [Applause] his legs are awful. Legs are terrible. So this time don't get anything like that. Keep taking expose that step and then take it. All right. I want to step back with that leg. [Music] move in David Adelaide's corner. A wise and excellent trainer of course guided David Haye to world heavyweight glory and Adelai with a really positive and smart trainer in his corner. But the red corner and the team of Ben Davidson and Barry Smith are well redot as well. It's uh fantastic to see and uh wonder what the tactics are. They just know each other these two and they're negating uh well rhythm really at the beginning. Yeah, that's exactly what we see in that opening round. And I think that that's where the lead hand the jab so important everything will follow. I've said it time and time again. But I also believe in in this current age of the heavyweight division tempo and work rate is important. You can't be lazy. You can't be sloppy. And I think a bit more urgency. Look, it's still early, but like to see someone grab hold of the pace of this contest. You've just seen the the the brief influence there from Anthony. Just a little twitch of the shoulders. You know, he like, you know, he trades his fight that little low left hand to encourage you to come forward and then little twitch and explode into a combination or a heavy shot. That's why that's obviously he go he go so impressively using that the faster twitchy movements that Ruth instills to his fighters. I was just about to say that Barry coming off that really good win that blow out of Solomon Dakers who is undefeated at the time and TKV a different sort of win last time out against Michael Webster. Had a few troubles but came through in nine rounds. Hasn't always shown TKV but he's been difficult to budge, difficult to shift. He's a very solid heavyweight. He's trying to get that jab going now. And again, he's dipping his neck. He's dipping his neck. He throws it. And that's important there cuz that sort of just makes it harder there for for Adam to really commit to that right hand. He has to chop down with it which you lose a little bit of accuracy when he punchs down. He's got to keep doing what you just done there as well. Look the variation with the lead hand. He's shooting it from the hip but he's dropping it to the body. Get a little reaction with the hands dropping. Then you can look at that right hand over the top. That chopping right hand from TKB won't get his jab going here. David Allay at the moment. And it's been messy too first couple of rounds. Get to really throw that right hand of his Adelaide with any real meaning as he Yeah, that's first right hand really from Adelaide. Tries to whip in an uppercut. It just missed TKV but that looked a hurtful punch. Yeah, it tried to explode with the left hook as well. And even though those those little twitchy movements are really impressive, you can get real real torque into your shots and acceleration of pace. For the big guy to do that constantly, he's going to tire the tank. I think he stopped him from throwing the right hand TK because how quick he is on the feet. I think he he realizes that if he throws the right hand and he misses, he's vulnerable. A nice moment from TKV again. Out of range with that jab, but not with the left hand there. And the right as well. And a power shot at the end of the second round [Applause] [Music] in the face. More face. They're going in the quick. They start bringing the right hand in. Relax. Yeah. You got you got to maintain it. Jamie. Yeah. The only time he can build momentum of his jump is when you lose the initial champions up and down every now and then off that body. Yeah. If you drop in his face here, he doesn't know where to go. You must be participating yet trying out the wonderful new co-op arena here in Manchester. What a fight city. But it's a battle of the Londoners. From Lad Brook Grove, West London, it's David Adela. And from Tottenham, it's Jamie TKV. You enjoyed the spicy buildup to this one? Do you know what? I didn't expect it. Whe where whether they knew each other, I thought it'd be respectful. Always felt that, you know, they give it everything in yet to really see this fight catch fire. But yeah, it took me by surprise really. And I would say it wasn't made up. I could see the TKB. They looked wound up with Adel when he threw that table. Just wasting a shot there. Adlay a little bit blind with it. He had the idea of what he wanted to do, but he didn't really look at the targets. It was a big swing and a miss, wasn't it? Yeah. I just I just think that little just little tip of the legs there of TKVA is really working right now. Jab, lovely, lovely sharp jab. The variation is keeping Adelaide thinking, guessing. Well, he's just going to let his hands go a little bit. That's all. Double up that jab if he can. He's doing the half. Those lovely slips on the inside and the outside. That's where you let your hand go. He's just standing too tall. He feels that he's only a second off. He can't do that. Just a bit of frustration from Adel trying to clean it up. But TKB good with the jab. Maybe better on his feet. Alan Boo was telling David his feet are terrible, DKB, but he's boxing okay here. I don't think his feet are bad at all actually. You know, he glides in and out quite well. You were saying it earlier, Barry, off Mike, off camera about that jab. The way he brings it up. Yeah, just he gets low and it makes it harder to hit him clean and then he throws it upwards and it's makes it hard to defend against those jabs that come through the wall. Little faint there from TKB as well. Just trying to force Adie back a little bit. And off the ropes. Jury's dangerous off the ropes as well with that right hand. He's just waiting a little bit too long for my leg playing posome here in the neutral corner. David Ad not doing anything. DKB working harder. He dips the shoulders out to throw the left hook, but then he just comes too tall when he when he lets it go. And that's why he's either going over the top or just slowing down a little bit. You got to stay low in your throat and then extend at the very end of the shot. It doesn't look I like what he does when he slips inside and throws the left to the body. But I think as this jab keeps popping out from TKB, take the little head movement to the left as if you're going to throw the left to the body, but sling the right hand over the jab. Surprise TKB. Another lovely jab though from the North Londoner. Yep. Won this round well here. TKV laser just not throwing enough here. Yeah, I was going to say that he's winning by not doing loads himself TKV. Just a little bit smart with his work. Looking jab there again. The foot and the hand working together in unison. Just stepping in with the jab. Yeah, smart game plan so far for Jamie TKV. [Music] Battle of the heavyweights co-main event and then this one Philillip Herovic tall terrific power really good heavyweight who came through and then was upset by Daniel Dvois he was favorite to win that fight but he just sort of folded and Dwis came on strong didn't he brilliant win for Dubois he's in his corner Darren Yeah, Mr. Sanchez knows his boxing inside out. Guided Golovkin, didn't he, all the way. And this is a mustwin. Must win for Philip. Must win for Joe Joyce. An awful lot on the line. Yeah, Abel Sanchez, part of the Golovkin team for many years and many other world champions under his belt. Was with Ronny Shields. Herovic had a little move. Will that pay off against Joe Joyce a little bit later? First British heavyweight title action and a belt on the line here. A vacant one. The 28-year-old in the green with a long pink socks. David Elay in with Jamie TKB who's 31, 3 years older, not as much professional experience, but he's um he's winning this so far. Yeah. And I keep doing what you're doing if I'm honest. is frustrating Adelaide. We see, you know, in the last round where he's hit him when the referee said break, just keep moving. It's down to Adelaide now to to nullify this footwork. Bring your feet in, go again, a step, but he knows he has the power. Adel, that's that. So, in this weight division, more than any other, you can afford to wait for the right time to let your hands go, but little bit careful. That's all. Way too long to to quote you, Barry. the the arrogance of a puncture. Like I know I I had it as well. You did in the first round against Aselino Freight. But not for long, Barry. Not for long. Into the fourth here. TKB. He's got five knockouts in his eight wins. Just one defeat. That was on cuts. So really both of them deserve this opportunity. And so many top heavyweights watching on. You look over there with Frank and George Warren flanked by Daniel Devoir, Moses, Dillian White, Fabio Wardley. Great stable. Great times. Yeah. And what that presents is opportunity and a win so important. Just missing with the right hand. Both of them there. Oh, the left hook and tries the right hand over the top as well. And TKB with a nod to say, "Okay, come on then." Better from still getting too tall with it, but got a little bit smaller there with the T. Stay a little bit lower, more accuracy in that left hook. He got to get his jab into play here. He does like to be reacting. Even when he's walking forward, but it's not working for him right now. Yeah, the short punches from coming in with that edge. Can't quite execute them. Just looks at Adam Booth there in the blue corner. Yeah. Where is that jab, Darren? Well, look, you mentioned Adam move there. If you was to ask e corner, well, ask me who's whose corner would be happier. I would say TKB for sure. You know, he he's stopping Adlay from working with this footwork, the jab. It's a little lazy. just roll the dice and look that is still early but so much power in that right hand Adam but yet to really let it go just got a jab going for the first real time there David one back from TKV not much in these rounds but I'll tell you who's around and it's our man Charlie Parsons out and about Charlie and Ryan is drinking a beer Ryan is on his phone how are we ge I've been told to come and have a conversation with you which means you're very important excellent what makes you say that? Uh, I just get the vibe. The way you drink your beer, you look like an important man. We're in here for the boxing tonight. Looking forward to a good night of action. 100%. 100%. Um, I I don't know who I want to win to be honest. I think I think Joe Joyce, but prefer an underdog. So, we'll see. What's going on in the day and a life for you? You're enjoying boxing. What's this week entailed for you, my friend? Uh, this week, I mean, I've just been I've been filming with a guy named Steven T. That's the man I work for. just been making some sick sketches. Sick sketches. All right, my friend. Have a good night at the boxing and enjoy many a beer this evening. Good man. Thank you very much. Brian Lockach. Good to hear from him. And Charlie Parsons. Great to hear from him as ever. Infectious to be around Charlie. As are you, Darren and Barry. Ah, stop it. I'll give you that 20 later ad. I We need a little bit more action, don't we, in this to be fair. Yeah, it does. It hasn't been the great but if you get this with heavyweight sometimes know the sometimes they're not as accurate and you know because they there is a fear of taking a big shot and going to sleep then you don't want to take too many risks but it's TKV is winning the fight with winning the rounds I feel so it's on Adelaide to to really make the play here and he has it in the locker he certainly does have that power if he can detonate and he tried there with a left hook he's promised a knockout and he's promised a spectacular one and he's going for it now. Just starting to put more venom into his punches, planting those feet, gripping into the canvas. And TKB's got to be a little bit careful here. He's showing the arc on that left hook there. That's why he was hanging on target. But still, don't slow down though. Keep pushing the pressure on. You come up with a bit more intent. Yeah, the pressure was better at the start of this fifth round. Keep it going. Put the right hand on the end of that that left hook. See how few punches Adela has landed in this and TKB much the busier but the power shots with Adal. We know that TKB boxing well just got to keep sensible and uh keeping the distance really doesn't he? Well, I tell you what, through four rounds you would have expected Adelaide to have throw more than nine power shots. There's another one there. That's better with the right hand. took it well though TKV and then used the ropes there just to lean back and hit the sting out the shot. what he's doing well and TK he's just throwing that jab and he's he's not doing any work after he's getting close to the target allowing Adalie to work big go for air there from David Adel through a couple of those combinations and good work with the jab again from TKV steps back there as well from TKV maybe just one too many there just take a step to his left or right don't want to be going back in straight lines but Certainly is frustrating that stop from working there. He was here really early tonight. TKV chilled out backstage. He's that sort of a character. Lovely guy to be around Adelai as well with that big smile. There's something that Frank Warren can do with these guys. Who's going to prevail and become the British champion? It's a huge opportunity on this big show. A lot of confidence oozing from TKV at the minute. Nice ribbon with the jab. Little skip in his step. I tell you what, he's he's banging TKV there, but the forearm of Ad is constantly in the face there of TKB all the time. Again, there's the referee, but get that head out. Keep the head out. That jab's been a real weapon tonight, TKB. It's an unusual jab for a heavyweight, but it's been effective. [Music] Ron Kuny with a lot of work to do. The referee sticks his tongue out. TKV into the blue corner. [Music] Come here. Come [Music] on to me on his body. I know. [Music] You're fine. You can handle this pressure. If you can hear out, you're fine. [Music] Yeah, Adam not happy there. Maybe use the shoulder from TKB. He don't understand. He don't know what's going on. He's fighting on everything. He doesn't know what's going on. Wow. Seems a lot calmer in that corner. Yeah, he does. And I'm not sure if it was Adlay indicating that there's some grease or something on on the body of TK being I'm not too sure what it was that he was a patch from D. He's there's the power. Can he get out from that? TK looks at his corner. Can he fight on? He doesn't really know where he is here. TKB he's getting a little bit of extra time but David Adel could be on the verge of the brutal knockup he promised. It's all now left hand down for the second team and he's again looking at this corner. The eyes are in orbit. The legs are not there. The fight's going to be stopped here I think. Can he go on? No. David Anthony becomes the British heavyweight champion. And after being out boxed, the boys caught it. The power he has can be detonated and arise. He's a British champion. And what a shot to start it all off. And the punch trying to throw it up and if you get it wrong and the the height wrong the timing wrong when he threw it and a connected flush. It was a great shot. He really was. He's complaining in the corner there. Barry Smith saying the referee said break. Ben Davidson shaking his head looking at us here. Well, Barry Smith sang the call break from Ken. He's shaking his head. The referee's not having it. There's a hoopla going on in the corner. The red corner very disappointed. Interesting to see that back. This is the finish. And the finish of the referee steps in here. That was the second knockout. Yeah. Let's see here. The referee Oh, he's touched his hand. I tell you what, though. They got a They got a proper shot there. They've got a point. He's touch he's touched the fighter's hand. He touched the fighter's hand and the left hook came in. Well, controversy here. Ben Davidson right behind us. And there was the shot that did the damage. But was wrong from Kenny's arm in there telling them to break. No, but whatever he says, he grabs the glove and pushes it away. You can't do that. You can't. That that that gives Ly Ad. You can't just push the glove away from the from the opponent. I mean, what happened? He says after it's good work, but up to that point, you can't even if I think TKD was holding on. That's fair enough. And he might have said stop and break. Right right behind us right behind us at ringside. Ben Davidson and the whole team are watching the replays and they cannot believe what they've seen. David Adela got the job done when TKB was hurt. But should he have been allowed to get away with that [Applause] and a rematch to look forward to May 17th, it's Johnny Fisher and Dave Allen. They do it all over again. The controversy in Riyad and Saturday the 17th live on the zone. A fabulous rematch. That's the controversy and the questions still when they echo out at ringside. He's the British heavyweight champion David Adelaide and it will be official but Barry Smith going mad and there will be an inquest here. Yeah, controversial ending there. Not a fan of referees pulled a hand away but yeah, there going to be a lot of talking points here. [Applause] [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 55 seconds of round number six. Our referee in charge, Ron Kernney, waves off the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout. And now the British heavyweight champion, Big Denal.