Kind: captions Language: en David, it's good to see you. How are you? Yeah, &gt;&gt; doing good, man. Nice to see you. Um I've been in um Riad for about a week. It's lovely place, lovely country. I'm having a great time. &gt;&gt; Few days till fight night now. You're known as the monster. He's known as the lion. Is that how it's going to be in the ring? &gt;&gt; It's going to be the the monster taking out the lion if that's what it wants to be. Um I'm very excited for this. You know, I know he comes in really I know he comes in ready. He's really prepared for this, but that excites me, man. Like I said, I want to give the fans a great fight. That's exactly what's going to happen. What does being a monster mean to you? Just &gt;&gt; beating the out of everybody, basically. Okay. Is it okay if I say that? Yeah. Just beating the out of everybody. Making sure I'm dominant and um you know, just tackling every fight, every fighter that comes against me, you know, just making sure that, you know, I'm I'm I'm the best in my division. &gt;&gt; Anthony keeps saying it's going to be a shootout. Do you agree with that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I definitely agree with that. I feel like for me, I'm the more intelligent fighter. I feel like I'm on a different level than Anthony Yard. Um I've showed that I have I'm on a higher pedigree, but I know Anthony Yard is going to come in here. He's going to try to he's going to try to throw some big shots. He's going to try to rattle me up. But at the end of the day, I'm the more intelligent fighter. And if he wants a shootout, we could do a shootout. You know, at the end of the day, uh this is what I'm here for. You know, that that does not scare me or intimidate me in any type of way. This is the type of fight I want. I want a great fight. I want a hard fight and uh I want to show the fans that I am the best in this weight division. &gt;&gt; That's what I was going to say. A shootout means it could be anyone's at any time in the fight. You feel you have more skill than anything? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think it's going to be I mean he he could say it's going to be a shootout, but you know, I'm I'm more intelligent fighter, you know. I mean, I'm going to go in there obviously. I'm not going to be dumb. You know, I'm going to follow my game plan and you know, I'm going to be intelligent with the with the shot selections I make. So, it's definitely going to be a game of chess, but it's going to be a high volume game of chess. This is Anthonyy's third world title shot. First two unsuccessful. Do you think that makes him more dangerous or is there a reason he's been unsuccessful at this level? &gt;&gt; I think it's a little bit of both. Uh it's a good mix of both. It's it makes him more dangerous because this might be the last time he gets an attempt at a at a title shot, but nonetheless, he's lost both the world title shots he's had and he's got knocked out in both of them. You know what I mean? So, um I know he's going to be I know he's came in really prepared, but you know, I give him the respect he deserves. You know, I've treated this fight like it's the hardest fight of my career. Um I've traded about four months and a half for this fight. You know, I know what comes with this. You know, so I'm ready for whatever Anthony Yard brings my way, but you know, I'm going to I'm going I'm going to make sure, you know, I'm as vicious, you know, I'm as relentless as I always am in every fight. Were you impressed at all by his performance against Bertb or is the matter of a fact he lost at the end of the day? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was I was impressed for while it lasted. I was impressed that he was able to hurt better BF and I was a I was impressed as he was able to hurt uh Kovalev as well. So, you know, I I you know, took in consideration the good stuff he does. You know what I mean? I prepared for his big shots. I prepared for his counter shots. I know everything he does. I know his game plan in and out. You know, I've been watching him a lot. So, I'm ready for whatever he brings to the table. But, um, from him, he did get stopped both of those fights. So, I know there's a weakness in there. &gt;&gt; Fair enough. Want to talk a bit about you? Of course, you made your debut at 16. What keeps that fire burning in you on these fight weeks to keep going and try and reach the top? &gt;&gt; Just what keeps that fire going is me reaching the goal that I said I was going to reach. you know, when I I told myself when I was a little kid that I wanted to be the greatest of my era, greatest of my generation, and you know, there's still a lot of work to be done to complete that, you know, um but the stepping stones have already been set. You know, I have I was the youngest champion in super middleweight history at 20 years old. I don't think anybody would ever beat that, you know. I'm I'm threetime world champion at super middleweight. You know, I've won two three more inch from belts. I have a belt at 175. So, you know, there's that's what keeps the fire going in me. And um also just the the love I have for this sport. You know, this is the I've been boxing my whole life. I've been boxing since I was 3 years old, 25 years. And I have a passion so great for this sport that I don't want to do anything else. You know what I mean? I rather just dedicate myself for the next 15 years or however long I'm in the game and just continue to do what I love to do in the sport of boxing. &gt;&gt; Nice. What would you say is the best thing about being David Benvdas? &gt;&gt; Um, the best thing about being David Ben Avdas is, you know, just the love and respect uh I get from everybody outside the ring. Um, you know, it's just amazing that I had came to Dubai and everybody knew who I was. I came here to Riad, everybody knows who I was. So, I'm I'm a half a world away, you know, from the United States. Everywhere I go now, everybody knows who I am. And they have a lot of respect for me. They say that they love the way I carry myself in and outside the boxing ring. So that that's, you know, something I like about being myself and also me just being the monster that I am in the ring. You know what I mean? It's it's like a flip of a switch. I could flip it. I'm the nice guy and then I can turn into the monster whenever I want. So that that's a pretty cool thing I like about being myself. &gt;&gt; What about the hardest thing about being yourself? &gt;&gt; The hardest thing is just u it's not really the it's just who who I am. You know, this life of boxing is hard and it's not meant for everybody. I wouldn't say there's a hardest thing about being myself, but this is the thing I love about being myself as well is how hard I could push and how hard I could dedicate myself to the sport of boxing. You know, I train there's I'm I'm second to none when it comes to hard work. You know, I've been training four months and a half. I push myself to the limit every single day. So, that is, you know, that's also another thing I'm proud of. I mean, also I I don't want to say there's anything hard about being myself. You know, I just I just love working hard every single day. &gt;&gt; This fight on Saturday for yourself, do you feel like it's a chance to remind people what you're about or to prove people what you're about? Especially British fans. Are you out to prove something on Saturday? &gt;&gt; Yeah, both. I'm I'm also I'm here to prove that I'm the best in the world. And I'm here to remind everybody that I'm not going nowhere. And also, it's it's a it's another opportunity me opportunity for me to gain new fans. British fans that have never seen me box, fans from Saudi Arabia that have never seen me box, you know what I mean? So, I'm just grateful to be here with Riad season and, you know, tapping into another market of fans have never seen who I am because I guarantee you that first time they see me fight, they'll be hooked for the rest of their lives. &gt;&gt; What do you think this fight means for your legacy? &gt;&gt; This is the this fight, you know, it's the start of my leg, in my opinion, it's the start of my legacy where all the big fights happen. You know, now that we're fighting with Riad season, this is basically the bridge to all the big fights. You know, on the other side of this is Archer Better be of Dimmitri Beivo, hopefully maybe even a Canelo in the future. So, this but it all starts with today with with November 22nd. You know, I've trained extremely hard for this. You know, I'm going to put a great performance on and then after this, this is going to be the start um to my dominance in in the light heavyweight division. &gt;&gt; What do you want fans to feel when they watch you on Saturday night? I just want them to be excited. You know what I mean? And I don't want them to be excited. They're going to be excited when they see me fight. You know, like I said, I want to be I am one of those throwback fighters that once I start fighting that people are glued to the TV and they don't want to miss any second of it. And I just want to bring that excitement back to boxing and, you know, give the fans the fights they want to see. &gt;&gt; Nice. Lastly, you just send a message to Anthony down the lens. &gt;&gt; He knows what's coming for him. You know, I told him it's going to be a war. Um, it's unfortunate he's going to have to go in there and sacrifice himself because, you know, I'm going to go in there and I'm gonna I'm gonna take his soul. That's exactly what I'm going to do.