Kind: captions Language: en First off, how are you? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm doing great. &gt;&gt; You're on the board of becoming a freeweight world champion. What will that mean to you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it means a lot to be, you know, three-way world champion, especially in the the welterweight division. Um, it's just a dream come true of mine. I've always wanted to be, you know, welterweight, you know, champion, being young and watching so many greats, you know, being be champion at 147, you know, Pacquiao, Floyd, and Shane and, you know, Leonard and so many just great fighters. Um, I've always just wanted to to be welterweight champion. So, you know, this is this is the division where I've actually, you know, felt my best, feel more my natural self. So, um, I look to show that on November 22nd. when you look back on your journey so far, what is it that's made you who you are today? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean all of all of you know my experiences have made me the fighter that I am today, the person that I am today, you know, through the through the good and the bad um that I faced um in the sport of boxing is it is it all has shaped me for these moments and uh it's all experience and I'm thankful for it. You know, I trust Allah, I trust in his plan. He's the best of planners and um you know I'm here for a reason and I've been through all everything that I've been through for a reason and it it made me better. &gt;&gt; What is it that keeps that hunger within you? Is it trying to reach a certain legacy expectation from people? What is it? &gt;&gt; Um you know when I set out to to be a boxer you know I wanted to be you know one of the greats. I didn't want to just be a mediocre boxer or, you know, just world champion or just, you know, get in the sport of boxing to make a little bit of money. I wanted to be mentioned with the greats when it's all said and done. So, you know, I have that that that hunger, that that will to be great. And that's why, you know, just keep striving for more and more and more. &gt;&gt; The man standing in your way of that dream of freeweight world champion is Brian Norman. I feel like you respected him up until that face off with his own. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I mean I don't I don't not respect him. I don't like not respect him. Um it's just business for me. Um he's just somebody that's that's in my way that's a champion at 147 for the pound for for the time being and that's it. That's all. You know, I'm not you know drawing too much into it. Um I don't know him on a personal level and um you know he just he's just an opponent for me. &gt;&gt; Do you think he is a legitimate world champion? &gt;&gt; A what? &gt;&gt; Legitimate world champion. Of course, he's a legitimate world champion. I think that he is the best at 147 for the time being. Um, I think he's the the most dangerous, the the the most skilled, and uh I think he's the man of the division for now. So, you know, once I'm victorious, I take over the weight class. &gt;&gt; You said someone like Jake Paul could be a world champion. Do you actually believe that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I do think that Jake could be world champion. &gt;&gt; Starting with Anthony Joshua. Yeah, I mean it's very, you know, he's the the the route that he's going, you know, starting with, well, not starting with Anthony Joshua, but with Anthony Joshua. I think that that's a very tough fight, but um it's a great fight for boxing. You know, Jake is making boxing, you know, better. And um you know, he's taking on a real test with AJ. AJ is battle tested from, you know, the pros to the amateurs, you know, to winning, you know, the gold medal. So, um I'm just happy to to see that that fight is happening and uh I'll be I'll be looking forward to it for sure. &gt;&gt; Nice. I just want to get your take on a couple of Queensbury fighters. It's like Moses Atalma, Ham Sharz, Nick Bull. What do you know about them? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um Moses is fire. I like him a lot. Um Hamza is my boy. Um I like Hamza as well. Um I don't know much about Nick Ball but Hamza and um Moses then the Queensberry got &gt;&gt; Do you think Moses can become non-disputed champion? &gt;&gt; Um yeah I mean if I think that uh Usyk is just the man of the division right now. Um but I think that he's on his way out and I think that Moses is is on his way up. So, um, I like his chances of, you know, being the man of the the heavyweight division, um, once Usyk leaves. &gt;&gt; Nice. Just back to you. Couple final things. Um, how will Saturday night go for you? &gt;&gt; Saturday night will will be a great night for me and my team. Um, I think we'll have a lot of fun, uh, you know, that night and, uh, showcase a lot of skills. Uh, you know, showcase, um, a lot of everything. You know, I think I put on a great performance and uh the world will be surprised with how I beat Brian Norman. &gt;&gt; No co &gt;&gt; I'm not focused on a knockout. Um my focus is being victorious. If a knockout comes, then the knockout comes. Um most importantly, I want to win and uh become champion again. &gt;&gt; Lastly, just a message to Brian Norman down the camera. &gt;&gt; Brian Norman, it's almost time. The time is near. um Saturday night Saturday night or Sunday here. Um was put on a great fight for the fans and um made the best man win.