Kind: captions Language: en Magic &gt;&gt; voice is gone. Sorry, my voice. &gt;&gt; I bet your voice is gone. But Magic, listen, you've been with him from the start. How special is this man? And how special is the story coming from where you guys have come from to to now? &gt;&gt; It's it's it's a dream come true. Do you know what I'm saying? It's a dream come true. Moments like this is what we dream of. Do you know what I mean? And to see him do it, to see him achieve it, like I said this was going to happen, you know? He's got so much belief in himself. He's got unwavering heart. He took the shots and kept moving forward and he delivered his punishment. &gt;&gt; How does he do it in backto back fights? You know, he is he was probably behind in the cars, but what you know, how do you muster up that, you know, mentality to to pull out of the back and and I think I said it in a press conference, that's one of his gifts. Mentally, [applause and cheering] he can't be beaten. He doesn't switch off and he constantly believes in himself, you know, and I think, yeah, it's just a beautiful moment. I'm just so happy to be a small part of the journey and to watch a young man achieve his dreams when nobody said that he can do it. Everyone written him off. You know, it's only the team that really believed in him and and he done it. Another thing he said in the press conference is if Fabio lands on any heavyweight in the world's chin, he will knock them out. He's knocked out the second best in the world. Can he knock out the first best in the world, Alexander Usyk? &gt;&gt; Yeah, why not? Why not? Like I I keep saying, these guys are not demiggods. You know, it's a heavyweight. Usyk is in a different league. Yes. But again, when you're dealing with somebody who's who's mentally as strong as Fabio, you can never write him off. &gt;&gt; Let's bring in Let's bring in Dillio right here. And this is, you know, obviously Fabio's done his thing, but you two have had a massive part to play in his career. What made you believe in him early on? You know what? He came as far. Just the way he moved, how awkward he was. I know he had this he was like elastic band. His band power and the way he moved and I just I just had a vibe from him. He had him j I just had a vibe and I told him I said, "Bro, you're something special." I'm just glad that he's proven it to himself and showed it to the world now. But I already knew this from you a long time ago as I signed him. &gt;&gt; I was just saying to Magic, you know, he's done it to the second best heavyweight in the world, arguably. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Can he do that to the first best heavyweight in the world, Alexander Usi? &gt;&gt; Why not? Why not? You know, why not? You know, he's a danger man all the way through and he carry power and and he shows when he get guys hurt, he can finish. So why why why can't he? &gt;&gt; And magic for you. Is that the fight that you're going to be looking to make next? &gt;&gt; Of course, that is the that is the the only fight out there that makes sense for him now. He took on this challenge. He overcame this challenge. Now, it's time for us. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you very much, guys. Uh and congratulations. Massive congratulations. You You guys have done a a special job yourselves. So, congratulations. Congratulations.