Kind: captions Language: en Okay. Well, I'm here with the trainer of the IBF World Heavyweight Champion, Don Charles. And Don, does that does that sound real now? It started to register after I've I've had time to digest it and it still sounds alien, but it's a it's a good sound. Say it again. The trainer of the IBF World Heavyweight Champion, Don Charles. Come on. Um, how's it going? I mean we are we are now about a month away from Daniel Dubois your charge challenging to become undisputed make history at Wembley Stadium against Alexander Rousi. I guess the first thing I want to ask is you've been to Wembley before with Daniel. He knocked out Anthony Joshua as a huge performance. The feeling one month out, how does it compare to what it was for the AJ fight? The feeling is uh it's almost like you've you've done it's almost like you've done a dry run. That's how it feels because uh Dano as the fighter, he's uh been there, done it. As a team, we've been there, we've done it. So, it's uh basically copy and paste with a few alterations here and there to accommodate Mr. Usyk. Well, there will surely have to be a lot of alterations cuz this he's not any ordinary copy and paste. This guy is being seen as one of the greatest heavyweights of all time right now. He's his resume is uh it's untouched right now. Everything he's doing and he's a man that you know. Yeah. I mean, listen, he's extraordinary. He's a magician. Is the the guy and Yeah. He's an incredible uh person, incredible boxer, um bag of tricks. And yeah, we're going to have to go some, like I said earlier on in previous interviews, I'm going to have to design, devise a a game plan, mother of all game plans to be able to overcome uh what this guy does. Um he's unbeaten as a cruiserweight undisputed unbeaten currently. He's the he is since uh Sir Lenox Lewis. He's uh uh the undisputed champion for the last 27 years, 26 27 years. And so yeah, this guy is uh yeah, he's uh he's special. He's extraordinary. But is he human? Yes, he is. He can be hurt, which is something that you know, right? Most definitely. I'm not going to regurgitate cuz I have to now put that to one side. We as in fact, it's a rule of the team. when it's it's the unspoken since the last press conference in Wembley against Mr. USK. Uh we had a team meeting. Um Daniel's father in particular um that the rules are that we mustn't that's in the past. Yeah. It's about today and tomorrow and on the 19th. So we have to purely focus on that. I felt like that might be the case as well. I could even sense towards the end of that first kind of round of promotion where a lot of the emphasis was on what happened at first. Even Daniel was starting to get a little bit sick of it and he's the one saying I'm a man of the future etc etc. So th this man of the future how's he looking to you? This man of the future is the future of boxing heavyweight boxing and um yeah what can I say? I can't elaborate enough. I'm very happy. We are very happy. Touch, we happen to be sitting on a log of wood. Touch wood. Everything's going according to plan. Um, look, we're experienced now. The first encounter with Usyk in Poland was almost 2 years ago. We're like 5 weeks away from it being 24 months since I started working with uh Daniel Dubois, you know. So, a lot has changed. A lot has changed. So, very, very excited. Very, very excited for that first fight with Usyk two years ago. As you say, you'd only just got with him. He can't have been ready, Don. He can't have been. Well, I can sit here now and say we were mad thinking that we were ready. I'm always very ambitious. Daniel was very ambitious. So, it was an opportunity. We didn't have to take it, but we did. It happens to be our first fight train a fighter coach relationship. We had to develop it quick, instantaneously. In 14 weeks, we had to gel. I had to try and and put the ethos of of the boxing that I teach to this new fighter working relationship. It was very very difficult, but we did enough for him to produce what he produced back then in Poland. Yeah. Um I can say it now because we've digested it. We've gotten over it. Daniel's become world champion since then. that I'm glad it happened. At the time, I was devast devastated. We were devastated cuz we believed we we we did enough to to have gotten the win. We didn't. But when I look back at it, I'm actually glad that happened because this time round, we know what we're dealing with. You know, it's the it's the known rather than the unknown. Daniel has been in there physically felt him. He has felt Daniel also. Okay. So going back now obviously uh like I said that was a 14week camp then uh face suic now it's a uh 24 months it's a lot of time we spent together and look at the results since then that Daniel has uh gotten. So, you know, everything is aligned. In my opinion, it was all I'm a god-fearing man. I always say God knows best. The the God took it away from us in Poland because he showed it to us. This is what's possible and took it away. As humans, we were devastated. But looking back now, it's almost like, yeah, like I said earlier on, I'm gliding away because this is a bigger bigger God took it away, repackaged it. much bigger package to say now you are ready. We thought as humans we were ready then. Now I believe we're ready. Now I believe Daniel's going to receive the gift that was supposed to be for him two years ago. That's my take on it. No nothing tells the story like time passing and this this is turning into quite the story. So if you look at Daniel in that first fight away from home, he only just got with you as a coach. He was uh you know heading into into really the lion's den. No one was really picking him to win. It was limited experience at a huge jump up in levels. Yeah. But the story now is, I mean, look at the last three wins. Incredible. He's been with you so much longer. He's at home. He's in familiar surroundings of Wembley Stadium. It's all lining up. Absolutely. This big kind of almost spiritual moment. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look, you couldn't write this. You couldn't write it, but it it's real. It's happening. It's unfolding. Yeah. Um again let me go back take it away from what present to past very very very past. Um I was 14 years old when I me 14 years old when I came to England. Yeah. From from a a previous civilian war that happened in my country. Came to England to study pursue education. Now 50 years later, in fact it is 50 years since I've been in the UK to tell me that I'll be training somebody to go to Wembley, the famous iconic Wembley Stadium to a record capacity audience with a fighter who's going to fight a fighter who is the biggest thing in in recent uh uh boxing world which is in the name of Anthony Joshua. and become victorious over the biggest thing in boxing. Little me, little African boy who came here at the age of 14. Again, like I said, you couldn't write it. And bearing in mind, boxing is not what I came to the UK to do. It's just a hobby of mine that became a profession. It got out of hand. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, when I don't very often regress, you lie down, you think, you evaluate, you weigh things up, you examine your part, think, "Oh my god." most cases I I I'm not too big and too mature to admit it. I cry a lot. I'm very I cry on my own when I think about my history. Happy tears. Happy tears. Yeah. Okay. Wow. God, really? Cuz I didn't know that this is what I was meant to be doing or I'm going to end up doing. Yeah. And where my name is mentioned, you know, uh like we're sitting here. It's a privilege for me to to be sitting here knowing that thousands and thousands of people will hear my voice because I I'm on a mission. I'm not going to say as we sit here today what that mission is, but on the 19th of uh July 2025, it will be mission accomplished in the sense that now I can see it. I can see it as a human. You don't see it as you're going through all the times you get knocked down in life. you know, all the trials, adversities, you know, you think why? Why God? I'm a good person. My hardworking man. Why these setbacks, it's all for a reason. But I can see it. I can see it now. And it's all pointing to the 19th of July in Wembley. I know. I feel it. Yeah. For I'm talking about for myself. And Daniel Dwis himself, the fighter who actually gets in the ring and fights. We were obviously meant to meet in the way we we started working together. Uh it wasn't a it wasn't a plan. If you go and ask his father, that was not the plan. But that was God's plan to bring us together. And he he's a god-fearing man. Yes, he is. We're all spiritual people. The whole thing uh like I said, there was no plan. Uh let's say for instance, uh um 7 days prior to having the first meeting with Daniel Duban, his father, he was not on my radar. He was not in my mind that I'm going to be training Daniel. It's just a sudden thing that happened. It just shows you, you know, God is great. Listen, we are at the farm and uh it's incredible. Thanks for having us here, by the way. And Wembley is there literally touching distance. Now, I I've heard that ahead of the Anthony Joshua fight, Daniel would stand around over there and have a look and is this this true? He he definitely does this. It's a fact. He still does. So because the whole point when we first I've been coming here for 8 years to this farm my former charge Derek Chazora um used to be condition strength and conditioning coach used to bring him here which is the the other unit um within this uh setup. That's how I came to know about this place. only dawned on me eight years later we were looking because we usually go abroad to do camp. We've been to Spain up in the mountains and this this environment the way it looks is so he could pick this up and put it in Spain and it wouldn't look the same, you know. So that's what gave me the idea. We we were going to go back to Spain and we thought you know what if I can get convince the farmer um whom you met earlier on Gary Gary fellow Gary Gary Lewis and uh if I can convince him to let us do camp here then this is camp. Camp is like a tent. Wherever you pitch that tent is your camp and that's just a lovely bonus. And to be here in Wembley, like I said, when the first day I brought Daniel here, I stood in by the car park after he his father parked the car. I asked both of them, "What can you see on the far in the distance?" They kept looking. Eventually, it appeared the arch. It appeared. I said, "That's that's your destiny beckoning." Wow. Yeah. And my goodness, that is exactly what's uh transpiring. That's what's unfolding. Let's look back to that uh launch press conference with Alexander Rousi and uh you really went after him. Why don't you print one of those prints as the actual shot that had you trembling? You you had a few things to say to him and I've I've uh presented a few of Usyk's press conferences. I did the ones with Tyson Fury, however many times they came together. I did the launch one with uh with Daniel all all those years ago. And I've I've never seen him kind of almost on the back foot and acting in a way like that. He brought it to an abrupt kind of end as well. Just got up and I've never seen him like that. Are you trying to get in his head? Are you in his head? No. No. I'm trying to establish the truth cuz the truth will always set you free. I merely was, like I said, demonstrating what with all experience. It wasn't just me. Uh so um obviously we hit a few nerve and he was uh acting very uncharacteristic of him. He was joking around. He likes to play this this clown, this pipe piper, magician. He's he's a dancer. He's everything. He's very colorful this man. He has a lot of colors to him. And um he knows deep down that we've susted him. We susted him because I said this man's like a chameleon changes colors to fit in within infiltrate his environment. He knows that we sust him. All that acting games and that he uses as a smoke screen to cover what's actually really going on. I'm not going to elaborate anymore. We've got him. And I said to him, he's there. is well documented. I said, "We're going to forensically dissect you and catch you." What did you make of Russ Amber's comments? Um, he's obviously part of U6. He wasn't there that that day, but he's been asked about it and he had a few things to say about your approach at the press conference. Said you shouldn't really be speaking to the fighter. There's nothing he aborts more than the trainer to the the fighter kind of thing. What did you make? Yeah. Well, he's Everybody has their opinion. I have my opinion. He has his opinion. I'm sorry, Mr. Ambad. uh disappointed you uh with my uh I'm merely speaking the truth. Like I said, the truth will always set you free. I will advise you to speak accept the truth and speak the truth. That will always also set you free. Um I like him to come and actually sit in front of me and explain to me what his problem is. Am I the only coach in the world of boxing that has spoken to the opposition? Yeah. No, I'm not. It's a regular occurrence. So I don't know what he's again like I said he's got his opinion. Okay. Um but let him come. Let's go as gentleman sit down for a coffee and discuss it. I will be able to not convince him. I don't have to convince him about anything. Who is he? He's nothing in my life. He really isn't. So therefore he can hold on to his opinion and he's entitled to it. It would be interesting to see you together. I'm sure someone one of the or something will grab you and there'll be something like that will happen in the right week. But um no, I look forward to that. It was just interesting to see the two different I want to I would like to hear what his problem is. Is it the first time he says he detests uh a a coach speaking to a fighter? I have every right to represent my fighter. I train my fighter. It's also in my interest to represent my fighter in every capacity. And that's what I do. That's what we do. I'm not I'm not the first. I'm not going to be the last. any any changes to camp for for this one compared to the the Joshua fight or or indeed any any of the last three fights? Are you having to do anything different for Alexander Usyk considering the magnitude? You have to do a lot different for to accommodate uh someone like specialized Alexander Usyk. Um number one is a southpaw different stance. So the personnels are different uh the sparring partners that have to be uh good southpaws and believe me it's it's one of the most difficult to try and get someone who can come close to replicating what USC does. It doesn't actually exist. So you have to get as near to possible as you can to to get someone to to replicate this genius. Um so that's one of the main key things you have to change. But in terms of the infrastructure, we already have that copy and paste. That's why I say copy and paste. But uh there's a few things we've uh uh uh had to add in to be able to to to enhance and aid Donald. Uh when you're at this level, we have to recognize this is the top level. It doesn't get any higher than this. Yeah. In every even if you take it away from from boxing, you got football, tennis players, uh motor racing drivers, Formula 1. uh at this level there are uh additional things that they have to put in within their approach training. Um we've added I'm not going to elaborate on that but we've had to recognize that we need to to include a bit more uh widen our team bringing different personnels with different skills to be able to it's gains isn't it? No matter how little percentage incremental gains, little gains and that's what we've uh done. You ask me have we done in different different Yes, we have. Yeah. Not majorly, but there have been new additions that we've uh incorporated in in our approach. How are you finding Daniel the uh Daniel the man, which is kind kind of the general feeling heading into this fight is that the first time Usyk boxed him, it was Daniel Dwis the boy. Yeah. Now he'll be taking on Daniel the man. So you and how are you finding you agree with that? But how? Oh, most definitely. Yeah. I mean, Jesus, even take a boxing away from it as a person, as a human being, as a man, he's grown. He's grown. He's two years older. Yeah. Yeah. Like you said, it was Donald Dubai, the boy. Now, this is Donald Dubai, the young man. Yeah. He's still in his prime. I mean, 27 years old, you know, and what he's already achieved is remarkable. And uh yeah, you're going to see people the public will see. I we see on a day-to-day basis uh what he does, the improvements he does as a as a person. He's matured a lot. He's more outspoken. He's still not going to stand on the rooftops shouting. No, that will never be him. But he's more engaging, more expressive. Yeah, we've seen that at the press conferences as well that he's he's speaking up more and more. But uh tell me this. If he gets Usyk in trouble, when he gets Usyk in trouble, what what what's going to happen? What's different about this this guy now that you're training? What's going to ensure that he doesn't get disheartened in that moment? Um if something goes against him, how are we going to make sure that they get Well, they can never make sure in life, you know, otherwise we'll be God. Yeah, we know the man, the young man that I'm looking at at the moment, um, he's shown down his last three fights, uh, the Miller fight and the Hogovich fight, he went through, uh, dark patches there, um, where he demonstrated that if faced with any any hardship during the fight, he will encounter, no fight is easy. There are periods you're going through, it's not going to be going your way. He's now mentally, it's never been a physical thing. It's mentally, yeah, recognize that sometimes it's not going to be plain sailing. Um, including in a fight where he's about to have on the 19, there's going to be some, uh, as Teddy Atlas, I always, uh, uh, uh, quote him on his quote is that you're going to go through having to go through some dark alleys, some rough, treacherous waters to get to your destination. And that's what in most cases that's what uh he has done like I said the baby Miller fight the the Hugovich fight um and the AJ fight and in round five we took a a tremendous right hand from Asia and he withtood it and coincident in the same round and finished the fight. So he's learned how to deal with those situations. Yeah, it's something within. It's not something you can teach somebody. It's like I said it's more mental than it is physical. uh his dad is around. I assume his dad dad's around camp. Very much so. Some videos of little Solomon knocking about as well. This kind of family feel. Yeah, that's the that's the feel. That's what we have in this gym here. Um you know, but when it's time to be serious that in fact, Daniel's always serious. He he he now jokes about he he has a laugh, which is brilliant. I love to see that. Then when it's time for action, bum, he switches into Yeah. How how much of Daniel is just a just a boy trying to impress his dad? Oh, no. No. We all We all, if the truth is told, we all want to impress our parents. Even at my at my age now, my parents are no longer with us. God rest their souls both of them. I will always try yourself. You got your parents. You always trying to look good in front. It's no different to what it was. It's a great validation, isn't it? In today's world, in today's world, the society have changed a lot. It's refreshing to see a guy as old as he where what his how his father what his father says he holds on to it. Um old fashioned values. It's refreshing that there still in this western world that's that still exists. It's refreshing. How do you deal with that as a coach in the corner? Because this seems to be a theme that that a voice that he will hear and listen to aside from your own is the voice of his father. Brilliant. I welcome that. I think I think that's an extra gain because the father knows his child better than me or any other man on this planet. Damn right he should be looking up to his father as a role model. So he what his father said the tone he's heard that tone of voice from the age of from the minute he entered this this universe. That's a voice that resonates with him through it's all good when he's going good through the hard times that in that ring and he hears that voice that he that that he he holds on to. Why not? I think it's a massive gain. Yeah. He's been throwing every punch within his Well, yeah. So, I recognize that and we accept and welcome that. I think it's a plus. How's the fight going to go? How's the fight going to go? How we want it to go? Now, we've obviously we have a plan um how we're going to approach that fight. I'm not going to elaborate. I never do. But one thing I can tell you is that we will be in control of that fight. And uh he's destined. He's determined. Yeah. What I see in this young man every day in this gym, he's demonstrating exactly the approach for the other fight. You see the signs, they're there what he's going to do and you just got to make sure you you you nothing goes wrong. Like we had to pull out in rear for instance cuz he fell ill when we everything was good. We got two or three three days before the fight he fell ill and we sensibly pulled him out and uh we're just hoping that everything goes well. We're at home. This is UK. We haven't no change of climate uh the air. I don't know what would have caused that, but we're here. So, the the temperature is more or less the same going to be here in the UK and um yeah, and everything going well. We believe we know what's going to happen. That God knows actually what's going to happen. That we believe we do. I've got an interview with God lined up at about 2. Yeah. Yeah. I've come managed to get him on a Zoom. So, yeah. Good stuff. Thank you, Tom. It's a pleasure. Go miss you.