Kind: captions Language: en Fabio, where do you find it from? I don't know. Um, something deep inside me. Us citrus boys ain't too soft. Uh, we don't get done without a fight. We don't give up easy. We fight till the last second, last minute, and keep going all the way through. So, yeah, look, I had to dig deep and find something, but I pulled it off. Was he better? Was he stronger than you thought he was going to be? Yeah, look, he had a lot more heart, a lot more skill, a lot more determination. I really gave him credit for probably in the buildup. But look, it's it's a learning process for me still. Um cuz I was just saying if I'm even if I'm 20 fights in, I'm still learning on the job. I'm still figuring everything out. Even now with his with an amateur record, he's had way more fights than me. So he's had way more time to figure these things out. So I'm still learning. But with every with every fight like this, with every round I step into the ring with, um I pick up more experience. One of the things you said in fight week was someone asked you about the fight with Fraser Clark and you said although my team might not like it. I quite like going to those dark and deep places. We were there tonight, right? Yeah. Look, um again, I'm going to get a grill in afterwards. They're probably going to get a bit of a telling off of of not doing the game plan and missing a lot of things. But one thing I can do is win fights, find a way to win, pull it out of the bag, and um I think I did that tonight. I was watching your body language throughout the fight and it was a when you came out for the ninth round. You probably won't remember the the very moment, but it was like just something clicked. You kind of got out of your stool with real urgency and it was almost like something went in your brain. Did you did you feel that or did you feel okay throughout? Yeah, look, I I had a quiet word to myself in the corner all whilst everything was talking and look, I wasn't I realized where I was and what was going on and said, "Look, we're not we're not going down soft like this. We're not just giving it away. We do. One thing I've always said is I've not come this far just to come this far. Um so I got up and yeah had to find a way and get stuck in. Last one. How much do these people mean to you? How much did they spur you on? Yeah, look everything. They mean everything to me. Um I'm not here. Fabia Wley is not this Fabio Wardley that you see in front of him without all of these people. Um every single person that bought a ticket, even every single person that tuned in and watched. Um I can't thank everyone enough. Well done. Magnificent. Cheers, mate. Thank you.