Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for our featured bout. It is scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the vacant WBO Global Welterweight Championship brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy UNI Bet and Global Next Trade. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Steward in charge John Swanson along with the World Boxing Organization President Gustavo Olivieri, supervisor Isvant Kovatch, Timekeeper Jim Kirkwood. Our three judges aside will be Zultan and Yeti of Ukraine, John Leam of England, and Gulio Beas of Italy. Our referee in charge will be Bob Williams of England. And now, boxing fans joining us live worldwide. and boxing fans here in Glasgow, Scotland. The time has arrived for the main event of the [Applause] evening. Introducing fighting tonight out of the red corner. Here he comes. The three wearing black, white, and purple and weighed in officially at 146.4 lb. Coming to us from Nottingham, England. He brings a professional record of 21 wins, just one defeat with eight wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former British, English, and Commonwealth Champion and the former WBO European and WBC International Silver Welterweight Champion, Echo, the Engine Su [Music] and his opponent across the ring in this main event fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the wearing Taylor Tarts and weighed in officially at 146.8 lb. His professional record 19 wins, two defeats, 13 of his 19 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former undisputed super lightweight champion of the world and the fighting pride of Pin Scotland. Josh the tart tornado [Applause] Taylor. Okay, gentlemen, obey my commands. In the event of a knockdown of fire to standing, we go to the furthest future corner and stay there. Protect yourself at all times. belt line there guys. Okay, touch glove. Ken Buchanan, Jim Watt, Gary Jacobs, Scott Harrison, the late Willie Lemon, Alex Arthur who's here tonight, Drew Dockati, Ricky Burns, Hannah Ranking, and of course Josh Taylor have given us so many wonderful nights north of the border. Have we got another one? Awesome atmosphere. I think so. Josh Taylor at 34. He needs to rewrite his fabulous career. It's stalled lately and significantly. What about Echo Esim? Lifechanging opportunity on this lofty platform, levels, weight, timing, a blend of styles. So much to find out. It really is nickname the engine and you know what he does not stop. He looks to grind you down and makes you suffer by his boxing box. Good variety watch the body really really well but he's setting up a number of levels here against Josh Taylor who's been exceptional with what he's done in his career. I have to say there are questions of how much is there how would he stare at this weight this new weight of world brilliant brilliant clash of styles just here at his was as good as a box you would ever find it he was just perfect the boxing distance and inside there were just in the punches inside a The center ring pumping that jab out. Early signs for the Scottish fans are good. He's done the right thing here to take the center of the ring. He's the one who's with all the experience he's got to the higher level. Just standing in authority early in the fight. He just maybe put a bit of a worry and a bit of panic in his work potentially. Is he stepping up a level here? He's been a brilliant fighter at his level. Sometimes they step up, it just makes you better or you just find out you don't really belong there just yet. Yeah, I think that's why taking his time here. He's not rushing. Wants to see what this level's all about. That was a good right hand from Esman who will surely have that power as a natural first couple of minutes here. That started with a good body shot with the left hand there from Taylor. Then he chased him down then. says the goal really well. This is Taylor say you're not in my league son this welcome welcome to the big league. The speed has most definitely carried up the 107. The boxing IQ that he's always had and it seems like the fire and the dedication back just trying to establish his physicality, the strength, but he's slower. He's much slower. Weapon is that right hand is a soft time coming in. Tina can be caught against Ben. He threw that right hand so well the shot. This has been a very very good opening round from just [Applause] [Music] Taylor. Fantastic. What happens very fantast Keep utilizing the jump shot. See what we done in the choic. He really has been such a tiptop classy fighter. Remember holding all four belts as the undisputed champion at super lightweight up at welterweight. Now this is his debut, his Queensbury debut as well. Josh Taylor, the white and black shorts of Echo the engine. Really popular figure from Nottingham. 36 now and he gives absolutely everything and this is selfbelief and that right hand has gone through a couple of times. That's the shot for that leading with that right hand fantastic shot of the Taylor right behind the lead foot there that allows him to punch right through the tank with a left hand commits to it. His footwork has always been exceptional. Josh Taylor who struggled here against Jack Catch in that really controversial. There's another man that will give the red corner some confidence here despite being out [Music] early getting side fighting fire with fire as well as using his sharp shooting skills in his prime. He's able to do it all really well. But the power here very evident. You can see he's punching hard at weight. It's a lovely combination there. Punches really fast and then the slides closer to go again. utilizing his back hand really well early. Josh Taylor has to be wary of the right hand of Echo, but he is the natural guy. Maybe not. Look at the huge shoulders he's got and the condition he's in. Yeah, that right hand we've already spoken about as a weapon like to see him just really take the the head off the right to the left hand side once he's thrown the right hand then look for that left to the body very very good body puncher with the right hand though he does that quite often that right foot forward he squares himself up you got to be careful he doesn't get caught coming in like that good defense there from again. That's what we're calling the engine. often late drama in echoesman fights. They're trying to pass through the car. Advantage of speed and [Music] ability. Heat. Heat. Yes. Yeah. Echo heading around the circuit. You always see him though with smile on his face. Looks after the the young kids as well in Nottingham in the area. He's a great guy. Yeah, he really does give you that impression that he's living the dream. [Applause] But will it turn into a nightmare for the fast business of Josh Taylor who's trying to reinvent the shot? has gone through two three times now and Josh Taylor for all his wrestled dazzle has been just as you say that on just switches off every now and again the first shot up he switched off he got caught with the second one which he shouldn't have got caught with really good there success and he worked it straight away yeah more intent more desire more aggression with the hands and the feet I think he needs to do that in patches is four shots. Take a step back and go again. Josh [Music] Taylor, he would have been like this before at this weight. Like I said, the first time around could have been a case of just having a look and say this is stepping up all the sparring in the world. if you know if you belong there or not how good those fighters are. Hook there from Josh Taylor just on the temple there. I think in the corner they were saying what's the pole like in shot looking good but it might not be the pole but the speed and the angle of the shot the ones he doesn't see. He takes that step to the right so well to throw that left to either head or body. Nice shot has come close as he threw that left to the body. Styles are jelling really well here. They have done a bit of sparring back in their team GB days, but that was a an age ago, a world apart from where they are now. Josh Taylor trying to get his career started again after this inactivity. Echo looking for a world title shot. Believes he deserves it after a really [Music] good exciting body. There's that right hand. He missed with the shot there, but he was in a position to focus shot. He just got the pressure on here. That's where he's most effective. He's trained hand. Look at that. This is great. Meanwhile, Hitchens Cambosus Junior. Saturday, June the 14th. The IBF World Super Lightweight Belt on the line in New York. It's another mega matchup brought to you by the Zone of your subscription. virtually every night. We're in North for a big one last night. Yeah, we've been sport, haven't we? And this is starting off nicely. Better science from Essan there. Landon a lovely right hand. Followed it up with some really, really good work. Just more intent, as I say, more fire, more aggression. Seem to just take a little bit of the legs away from Taylor there. It was the right hand, but I'm not sure if we're going to see it. Right at the very end just seemed to stiffen the legs of Taylor. Taylor walked to the wrong corner as well. There's not Let's make a note of that. I want to bring Carl in to see how he's assessed the first three rounds. I know you know Josh Taylor so well. What are your thoughts, Carl? I I have him one round up. I give him the first two and Echo the second round. A really good round for the third round, sorry. Good round for Michael. landed that right hand a couple of times and we'd seen it land once or twice just in the previous rounds. He was getting a little bit closer. But I just like to see George getting back to his box a bit more. Not mixing it. He doesn't have to mix it. Look at the look at the length and the reach he has of an advantage on Echo boxing the distance and then maybe at a stage he can start to fight then. But I have the impression here. He he he's trying to he's playing up to the crowd a little bit wants to impress other people. There's real glimpses though, Carl, of the old Taylor that razled dazzle at times. Absolutely. The hand speed, um the punch selection, how he's I mean, the position he gets into and the distance he covers when he's punching is is phenomenal. So, we're seeing glimpses of the old Josh Taylor. I think that a lot of that's down to the weight and moving up the weight division that he should have been in a long time ago. But also, Cal, does he have to be impressive tonight? I know. I think he does. I think he does have to be impressive. But I just think I'd like to see him maybe just be a little bit more relaxed early on and then maybe put the foot on the paddle. Don't distract. Yeah, there's got to be some nerves even with all his experienced Josh Taylor. He knows he's got to get this right under the watchful eye of the new promoters. Queensbury live on the zone and Echo has just got this golden opportunity. He's been plugging away Darren, hasn't he? He would want to try and take this into deep waters and test Taylor's heart and desire at this stage of his career. It was the speed of the shot. I think the straight from there was the speed of the shot. Oh, great from and this is swinging one way then the other in this fourth round and suddenly has a breakthrough. Brilliant round. Still four seconds to go. Both having success got a dip low there and just throw that right hand over the top. Just fully commit with it. Take that step forward and just believe in it. I tell you what, we're all looking forward to this fight. Never mind what Josh Taylor and Echo Esler might do in the future when this match was made. Well, in reality, it's living up to it. We all knew the pedigree down at a level from SM the way he works and tries to as I say his opponents down. That's where the questions for me really come from. How would Taylor fare with the sort of pressure? But it's been some heavy punching from both in this round. Wonderful swapping artillery. The Germans going to war [Applause] early up. Fantastic again. What's that in there? Oh, it's a sh with a nice counter of setting the jab up and executing it. Being patient, moving ahead gives you the opportunities. This is about keeping your shape using your jab, okay? But don't be stupid enough to be going for the kill, Josh, when he's got a lot of the juice left, okay? Cuz you've got caught yourself there. Listen to me. Keep your shape when you got the skill. That's what we were saying about you. He switches off now and again remember you can box. I think he has to be pressure, but he can do it from the range. He can move behind the long shot, doesn't he? To go the distance, but keep out of the shot. He's not switching off in that little space there allowing Esman a chance to get in because Esman is not a big puncher but he's heavy-handed. [Applause] Few years since Josh Taylor really lit up the scene that win over Regis Pro of course Jose Ramirez fabulous stuff but the wheels just have come off lately in his career and he might have to dig deep here against Echo Esimon. He's boxing well, Taylor. But dangerous. He got caught with a temple shot there, Taylor. Just just unsteady the legs. He's got him back under his under his feet again here, but she's got to be careful of that. Get that done a little bit higher with that left hand. Yeah, the body language is good for me as well. He knows he can hurt the local man here. He's starting to plant his feet and let heavy shots. I like to see a bit more variation with that left hand from Taylor. He loops it in so well to the body. like to see him then fire it back upstairs. You heard the corner. Keep your shape. Use the jab. But Esimman giving him no real respect trying to walk him down. And uh really strong here. They're very strong. See what those street punches from Taylor is just so effective. Not much between punches throw. Look at the the power shots landing from Taylor. 47 compared to the 27 of the quality shots from Taylor looking for that body again. Round of applause from the blue corner. And when he finds the space and he takes his time, beautiful Josh Taylor, but he just keeps marching forward and he can take Taylor's power. But I don't think it's the right shot selection from that far out. I think he's a lot cuz he's he's making he's no less with a chance to land with it. I mean, he can do that shot then take that step and do that. It's the right punch, but the wrong time. [Music] gloves high there from car matching in speed but can in other departments he's probably learning a lot about himself in there as well Echo tonight some good work there when he's off throwing Taylor dipping the knees slipping there wonderful shot just round the side of the head right hand Taylor on his toes now this is where he really excites the crowd That's why they love him. It's a bumper step. When he has a success, his little bumps step and then he get he gets a bit more energy in his work. Taylor, he thinks when you got someone like he's always going to fire back. He's got to be aware of what's going to come back in the arm. being ultra aggressive. He's out of range. Echo attempting to squeak through the middle down the pipe. Rattle Taylor [Music] working. Yes. So waiting. Go easy. Yeah. [Music] Yeah. 10% more work. A little bit more work. back combinations going. He's got to be smart in the way he approaches. Those flies of shots can't be reckless. Have you got it at the moment? A tag closer than the rest of the guys. I gave this in that last round. Let's bring Carl in. I uh want to see what you think of the last couple. I I know how you scored the first three. I I I give uh Josh that last round. I think he had a decent round there actually. Um but I do think what what Bar was saying, he has a he has a good point and Josh was throwing the wrong shot. Um sorry, doing it at the wrong time. He's trying to throw that kind of polo left hand into the body, but he's getting too close to do it and allow Echo a chance to land. I just don't think he needs to be that close at this stage. Um but I haven't. Yep. have got it exactly the same. I thought Taylor won that fifth round, but it's a bit unfair I think on Echo Elesman's effort in those great hands that get through because the judges might have like those but the work rate of Taylor has been effective but it is still early even halfway and you know comes on well late but it's about who dictates forget about the pace of the fight as well who dictates the pace. If you're if you're boxing that practically but you're in control of it, it's easier for you. And if you slow the pace down and and make a fight about the high pace slowing down, then he tires as well. So whoever dictates the best is in charge of the fight targeting the body and the jab there. Combinations of the corner. Good work from Echo. Yeah, good warm up. sees Taylor fire off of those shots though count with the left hook digging in that left hook to the body trying to test Taylor's resilience at this stage of his career he's 34 is 36 but maybe fresher he has the war he hasn't got to that level of course I mean as as tough and as brilliant as I've ever seen to undisputed of course yep Scottish legend forever, Josh Taylor. Whatever happens next, but he so wants to become a two-weight world champion. Just wants to challenge for a world title. An honest, really good all round fighter who's trying his very best. Round for Essim here. A good right hook. Paul Taylor high on the head. Good defense as well. Yeah, he does nothing. Cuts up well. through the head through the club. See Taylor just sharper with that jab. Just pouring it out a little bit too much at the minute. Marking up under the left eye of Josh Taylor who has been susceptible to cuts over the years, but that never bothers him. He just breaks down on the gunshield and gets on with it. I mean I mean that fire, that spite, that that desire to get stuck in Taylor even though he's so fast as a fighter is so Good to [Music] watch three event a packed house in Glasgow and it will be a special night in New York City. A blockbuster car to Shagur Stevenson, William Za, Edgar Belanga and Zirz. Another memorable night of boxing in the big apple. America starting to rumble again. It's good to see there's some big big [Music] fights over the pond. What a venue this is. What an atmosphere we've we've had already this evening. But it looks like MSG, doesn't it? From that angle. It does square G. Of course, it's a cracking venue here in Glasgow. And it's happy hunting ground for Josh Taylor. His sixth appearance in this. He's won all five. Although of course that Jack won highly controversial echoes into the second half of this welterweight battle and again attempts the right hand which has given him success. But is Taylor well as he rounds up well in the last one he did but I still think I think got Taylor ahead here but when lands with a good shot if he can just quicken his feet up just keep put more pressure on Taylor now with a good shot again allows Taylor to escape a little bit more that right forward quickly and throw the same shot [Music] again forward on his record to scarf and he's an awful fighter. Very awful to say the least. This is what he does well works the body well. That was a good right hook though back from Taylor from Taylor then capitalize on it was a real good move. [Music] Gain tries the right hand but not throwing those punches together like the corner wanted. Maybe he's saving it for the championship rounds the last three or four. Maybe he feels that Taylor will tire. Taylor said he's much happier at this rate. Good body shot though. I don't I really think he's got to finish the combinations with that left to the body cuz it takes you in a safe zone as well when you're leaning over throwing that left to the body. You're avoiding the shot coming back from Taylor. That's a lovely though right to the body from Taylor in a swapping body shot. Taylor looks so classy when he delivers his. So be careful, Taylor. He just stands up a little bit too tall every now and again when close. But what he does do is always look to work. But that's what we love about him, Taylor. He loves his more damage for Josh Taylor in his career, but it's never really bothered him. He knows that it happens. [Music] When he is using that, he's just sort of touching with it. to go really smooth heavy right hand just again that sets a volume attack a couple of rounds ago he was just pouring the shot no real speed in that lead hand clash of heads the cup but those body shots from are sinking in to that tall lean figure of Josh Taylor it's a good round of gain for it's a nice spell in the fight he's calm and composed And his shots are landed. They are starting well downstairs, working back upstairs to that iron. Let's spur him on as well. Left hand, sorry, the right hand. Interesting. Well, when this is not a fantastic son, but you're holding the feet too long, see these wow. Same as we've done all camp, tuck the elbow to and shoot back short. Stay low, step close, real close. And if you're in a position to go, catch real close and shoot back short. back in. Okay, that's lovely work there from Essan going low with the left hand to the body there. Staying nice and low as well when he throws that right hand and punching up. Just going to see here the clash of heads. One of those things even though even though Esman's coming in going low, I don't think it's obviously not intentional as well. One of those just unfortunate things when you have people boxing from the opposite sides. But a good round for Esim, I thought. Yeah, and he's light on his feet. Echo Esman dancing almost as he comes out of that red corner. But Taylor with a fast start for round eight here at welterweight for the first time Taylor. Echoan a hardened warrior. The engine right hand. He's had a good couple of rounds and he's coming on strong. Car Frampton. How are we seeing things now? Is there a shift? I I give the last round but I still have Josh in control of the fight. But Eko's coming on strong. They're just saying that he's getting a little bit closer. And like Barry says, he George just neglected the jab a little bit in the last round. And if I'm in George's corner, I'm telling to keep things as long as possible because when Eko gets close, although George is a good fighter, it gives Echo a chance to land something and get something off. So I I still have Josh in front. Um but saying he's just slowing down a little bit. got three judges over inside from Ukraine, from Italy and from here in England in charge of this. He hasn't do much. It's been a good fight. years pressure. Sweet right hand from Echo Esim. It's a funny one because some of the Warren family are in the corner and stomaching Josh Taylor swelling under that left eye as well. His right hand as well as that crash will keep this really good and easier at 36. Stop. Tina switched up a second. He stayed off. He saw it. He jumps closer. medicine [Music] here. Again, Taylor comes back. He might well have to dig deep and utilize this crowd here, Josh Taylor, because the pendulum has swung and uh We wondered if we'd be going back to Nottingham anytime soon after Anthony will be on a night but echo if he gets through this big night are ahead to the body as well back upstairs. Yeah. harder. Yeah, you can do harder. You can do [Music] harder. Another good solid round there from Essence. A lovely long right hand there. Just when Taylor switched off, he jumped on him and just good solid round throw. Get the pressure on Taylor. Taylor looking for a rest. big box and he's backing off break. Get the feet in the leg again. Get real close. Punch. Don't try too hard for the single. Okay. I want you to put the pushes together. Now you keep format. It's been a long hard decade as a professional for Josh Taylor in fight number 22. This is the 148th round of his career for Echo Wrestleman. 23rd fight and it's the 171st round. Not at the level that Taylor has been fighting, of course. But these two are real battle hardened warriors. And who's going to get the advantage in these last four? Who does it suit? coming on strong like this is what does Taylor's going to be pushing him back and like was saying he hasn't got a closer distance to do it he can do it but he can do it long he's giving momentum here when he is coming forward it's almost impossible to stop is that the natural welterweight you know stopping Taylor from being able to do that that's a good point Aaron Owen Cooper Ben Swift 20 24 long hard welterweight tough ones for you can see there he's thrown more landed as much Taylor probably ahead of surely tighter than he's got to fire back he has to fire back with his own shots like you say is getting close. His corner turning but he's looking for that big shot. I understand why his corner seem relaxing just drawing combinations. He's really grown in confidence here because I don't think he feels Taylor is what he's been doing all night long. You got to come back with a punch and and then ro the other side and go back with a punch again. You got to keep that continuity as well. Body shot was good there from Echoan on the inside. 45 seconds left in the ninth round. This is really fascinating now. Really starting to bother him. just keeps coming forward. Echo and doesn't really look tired. Just simply effective boxing and you can't yourself a slow body work. We know what you're all about. As you said though, he's growing in confidence and that's allowed his natural smile to really start to blossom. letting the shots go. The reason [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] closer, he hasn't. And he's pushing a shot slow. Stop looking for big singles on the track, okay? They're looking for one home run. Okay. Put the Can you put the punches together for me? Yeah. Has he lost his shape a bit? Josh Taylor. Um he's telling you he's got loads left. Show it. You got to start showing it. Lien up a little bit. You know, as soon as lets his shots go, it's important that you leave your mark in the judge's mind. You fire back your work. Now look, don't leave any of these. Just put them in the back. Don't keep coming. I stay in the 50 center. Okay, let's go. Come on, switch it on. 9 minutes left in this super venue on a great night for Scottish boxing. We've seen some real stars born, but Nottingham's Echo trying to break the heart of these faithful north of the border. It's back to Carl. How's your car? I I think I still have Josh one round in front, but Eko's getting closer here. If you have one round in front and getting closer, Josh is looking like he's tearing up. But I like the advice from from Joe McN in the corner. Hold this end of the ring. Don't be don't the ropes. And when you when you do go to the ropes, he's covering up and to get shot whether or not it looks good, but there's a couple big shots from here. And there's a smile. I think he believes he's got Josh Taylor where he wants him now. And these are rough moments for the former undisputed super lightweight champion of the world. The great Josh Taylor has now got a really tough few minutes ahead of him. Yeah, there was four or five uns. You need to get busy. That's good for the left hand to the body. Fire it back upstairs afterwards. Oh my Taylor in the 10th round trying to turn the tables and turn years in a great main event live on the zone delivered by Queensbury and it's their new signing Josh Taylor how the judges call it just didn't get the work sway side to side then find the angle of attack that he has to be punching in combination. twos or threes as the corner have been asking for for the last two or three runs and sharper in defense as well. We've got to avoid that right hand of Esimon and on the side just keep throwing that shot. That respect from Taylor slipping on the outside of that right looking for the left to the body down this fight. It really is, isn't it? [Music] catching shots last minute. I think the judges will like those steps. He's a [Music] stand. He's saying you've got a t you've got the world titles behind you. I'm a big strong powerful motorway and welcome to 10stone 7 that side that natural size advantage into this. session here. The 10th maybe the round of the fight round of the world at ringside. Who has this taken more out [Music] [Applause] of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boxing real well giving him the three shots? Okay, you're standing holding a few feet too long. Stay in the center, boxman. Don't give him the rest. You've caught them. You're at your best when you're putting the punches together. Too many singles. You look up to this. F. Stop it. And then come up to the head. Switch the attack. Head, body, body, head. Real close. And then rest where you want to rest. Okay. Is that registering, Mr. Taylor? Now look at me, son. When you're resting, just keep your shape to stop him putting it on you. Listen, he needs these two rounds. He needs them. Don't think he's given them. Is that registering Mr. Taylor? They say that wrestler needs these last two rounds. We don't know how the three judges have got it. Is it in the melting pot? Last six minutes. Who can finish stronger? Crucial crucial rounds for both of these guys careers. Yeah, these are big rounds coming up. The championship rounds from both here. Very very close. But the body language again from looks better to me. This is the kind of fight that he likes. These are the stages where you expect him to get the class from Taylor still there's been still the legs for the body stand up to the constant pressure physicality of Echo. The speed has been with Taylor. The cameos have no guard. But still just trying to punch through the guard of Taylor and lean on him. Anything he can do punch is not having the effect heard early in the fight. I think that's what it does. I think he made that clear to the corner, didn't he? Earlier there was speed on the punches earlier. That's why they were I think you know they were enough to catch him on a way for there in the 10th round which was a fabulous three minutes 18 power shots landing from you know that really shows that you believe it's a very tough welterweight division away. What does this tell us about Josh Taylor's future? First of all, he's going to have a decision here, but Echo is surely going to be the is if you talk about the last 20 seconds, it's about seven to eight shots landed from one from Taylor. He just needs to be busier. Taylor now got to get working. I've got ticking off these last few rounds. Carl, let's bring you in. It must be much closer. Yeah, I I I actually think I have to tackle that around and he looks to be the pressure really digging deep. I think we talked about at the top of the show. He needs to say he needs to kick off these later rounds as we might. The engine is coming through. Taylor just doesn't seem to have the same snap as he had in the first few rounds. How close is it? This man had boxing. When you go forward, every time you get past, just hold it. Take half a step forward and half a step back. Then sit down and bring yourself. Yeah. Don't smother yourself. Don't allow him to hold you. A little half step up and then rip it to the body. You're killing it to the body. Don't whack it to the body. Body first. Then go [Music] upstairs. You need to get real quick. Keep them short. Who needs this? Okay. I want to give him that one. Take this one for yourself. Okay. You owe it to you. You owe it to yourself. Come on. Use that shot. Stay off the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hook. Stay off the Come on. Get in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get down on that. Stay t I think that's a fairly worried blue corner. Josh Taylor. could very well be this last round. He might need a big so strong really deep here. I go ahead for you now. I I've got I've got here. This is not looking good. He looks better, but Josh has got to dig deep. He has to win this round anyway to come away with the draw. We've seen glimpses of really good stuff at the start, but it's from the second half. I think he's at the point now where he has to commit. I think he he had the fight. He saw who he controlled the fight at one point and then looking for that big shot go a fight of two bars one of those early rounds. looking for rounds to get into his river, but once he did, he's really got to work on that right hand. He's worked right to the body of Taylor. Well, it's just been the volume has been spoken about. He's just not matched it. He's not back the flies that he was seeing in the early rounds. incredible shape and caring and still looks fresh. Really does. His 36y old defense has been very close. Josh Taylor at times has reminded us of the other times just hasn't kept that shape that they were asking for. just a game cementing this right now. Surely down the stretch winning maybe four, five, six rounds in a row and Josh Taylor looks like he needs to hear the final bell. I wonder if you'll say afterwards that physicality is more difficult. He picked a very tough point. Heat. Heat. The judges will decide, but all of us here have got Echo estimate winning. I tell you something, that was a brilliant scrap. That was a really good watch. That was really good watch. Yeah, what an entertaining main event. We've had knockouts throughout the night, stars born, and a main event that lived up to all the hype, the expectation. Echo Esimman being raised a loft and I think he deserves this night. Will he get it? Yeah. Look, I tell you what, you you thought early on that Jos Taylor was back to his best. He looked very good, didn't he? That aggression was there, the flurryries of shot, the speed, the accuracy, and he looked as if he was putting a dent in. But the way this man fired back, got in his rhythm and got going was so impressive. the t-shirt, a salute to Jimmy Gil, the Nottingham maestro, who we loved for so long, who recently sadly passed and he was just so instrumental in Echo Esimman's career. Barington Brown there, Josh Taylor believes he's done enough. Maybe the team do we have a split decision? I don't know, guys. For me, Echo deserves it, I think. Yeah. I tell you what the career will for both but at his age step up he can go back on to his level but if if he doesn't get the win but can he at this age for Josh Taylor if he can't get the win though he's a British level fighter what has been at the moment and his aspiration for winning titles again is almost is almost disappeared why would he want to continue fighting look at the teams look at the difference look at the smiles in the red corner from the fighter himself and the rest of the team. Very morbid in the blue corner. Yep. They know. They feel they've got it. And will the judges give Echo Esman his grand night? How about this for a grand night? July the 19th, biggest of the year. It is Alexander Rousi, Daniel Deo, and it is exclusively live on the zone. Saturday, July the 19th. Wow. Wimbley is going to be rocking Darren. What a night that promises to be. It really will be a spectacular night. A great rematch. A rejuvenated a confident Daniel Dubois. Josh Taylor rejuvenated at times. Was it enough? Or as we feel has Echo Esman got it? Three judges, Ukraine, Italy, and Britain. It's down to them. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge John Laam scores it 116 to 113. Judge Zultton Ineti scores it 16- 112. And judge Gulio Vidas scores it 115 to 113. All in favor of your winner by unanimous decision. And now the WBO global welterweight champion, Echo, the engine. Bang on from the judges. Echo Esman rifts up the script and uh he saddens the Scottish hearts here with the best performance of a career that goes back 9 years. He's had it tough. Echo, what a lovely guy and he really really performed tonight. Barington Brown, Jimmy Gil will be looking down. The smile is there for Echo Esimon. Josh Taylor had his moments, but the body language was right, Darren. The right man got it. Yep. He just got in his flow, didn't he? He got busy and he showed Taylor no respect. The right hand was working a treat. So, he was very smart in the way he nullified his work, getting close, working the body. Don't get me wrong, he he had moments, Taylor, but they were far and few between. He just didn't match the tempo, the work of Esimon. He was just really fired up. You mentioned Jimmy Gil there fighting for something else. And this was his moment. This was his moment to prove that he belonged at a level. I think Taylor had a good start. And I don't think it was all to do with with the engine. I don't think it was all to do with the engine of of I just think Taylor was looking for that big shot. And I just think his his shot selection, not shot selection, the timing of his shot selection wasn't great. I mean close on power landed much more thrown by Echo Esimman. A really good fight and Josh Taylor definitely had his rounds and played his part but the back half Echo Esimman well the engine was exactly what he was and you know what I think he deserves a tilt at a world title. Let's get to um Addie with the delighted winner. Brilliant night for him. Eko, big smile on the face and understandably so. The biggest win of your career. You've played a career where you've been the B-side fighter. You've had to go into fighters backyards before. This is the biggest backyard you've ever gone into, Ekko against a former undisputed champion, and that was a fantastic performance. Well done. I'd like to first of all say a big well done to Josh Taylor. He's an amazing boxer. I've always respected him since GB. Um, and second to most, I have to just say a big RIP to Jimmy Gil on my t-shirt. My former manager passed away. This match was for him. Um, yeah, I've gone I've gone as the Bside. I've I've gone on the away corner. I've come to the Lion's Den. I've done what I've done. Thank you so much for having me, everyone. It seemed to be a fight at two halves. You seem to be trying to adjust to Josh in the first half of the fight and in the second half you nickname him the engine and the engine seemed to crank up a few gears and he didn't really know what to do with that power did he? Yeah. Yeah. You know what it is. I remember stuff from a long time ago and we sparred a lot in GB. So I put some of those into action. A lot of people were talking about what next for Josh if Josh were to win. Right. Josh maybe world title fights. Josh having the big fights. I'm going to put those questions to you now because you are the victor. What do you want next? I already said after my last fight, I want world titles. And I got what I wanted. They gave me against a undisputed champion. Excuse my French. I was about to say F, but yeah. Um, and I've come through. I've proved I'm world class. So, put me on the world scene. You're 36, Echo. You look like you're 26. I've been saying this on coms. You're in fantastic condition. How long more of this Echo instrument? How many more years can we see you do this, Echo? Well, you weren't listening to my track that I was playing. I say it in my track. Listen to my track. You'll find out. We're going to play the track back indeed. Did you struggle in there at all in the first couple of rounds or was it a case of making those adjustments? Um, it's it's it's a it's a case of of making adjustments. Obviously, he's a world class boxer. He knows he knows how to play with his lead hand, and you know what they say, don't play with a Southport's lead hand. I got I got caught unawares for that a few times, so I just did and did what I had to do. You're taking this very well because I know this is such an incredible achievement for you. I know the ups and downs of a career when you don't have that big amateur pedigree to kind of push you through. This must feel amazing. I mean to come here in this crowd and look, you know, they booed you in, they're cheering you out. This must feel incredible. It's so amazing. Thank you for the people of Glasgow that have been very welcome in to me in this in the streets in the city. I can't fault you at all. You you're a beautiful people. Thank you. It has to be surely a world title shot next, right? That's what your team want. That's what everyone here in front of us wants as well. They want a world title crack next. Surely we can take a lot of the Nottingham fans over to America and fight one of the big boys. Yeah, man. Take that engine on tour. Can I Can I jump on the tour bus as well, please? Yo, come on. The engine tour, man. Team engine. Oh, no, no, no. Wait, you have to be team engine first. We'll see what we can do. We'll see what we can do. Ekko, honestly, like I've known you a while. Congratulations. Incredible win. Massive win. And hopefully this does propel you to a world title shot. Congratulations. I'm joking, man. You're already in teaming. I'm in team. Well done, Echo. Fantastic. Well done.