Kind: captions Language: en Relentless gravity. &gt;&gt; Excellent right hand. The tower has come in and it's all over and he has dispatched Reese McMillan in the most ruthless fashion imaginable. Jack Raperty with a terrific win. &gt;&gt; Enjoy and reflect on what a week it's been. But here comes Stevenson. That was superb. And Pat's really annoyed. But that was class from the WBC lightweight champion. And is this the time Darren and Barry to close it off? &gt;&gt; Of course it is. Of course it is. You can't give a second rest. No. &gt;&gt; Well, it has to be. Still plenty of time left in this ninth round. &gt;&gt; That's lovely work. And the move on the body there from &gt;&gt; It's getting hard this for Pley. Victor Lachman just had a look there, but he fired back Josh Pley. &gt;&gt; Oh, brilliant. It's absolutely superb the courage he's showing him there Josh Padley and the will to win. &gt;&gt; Incredible respect for him. &gt;&gt; Huge huge respect. &gt;&gt; But Stevenson had him down again for the second time. That was sweet and badly felt that one worse than the first. The count's at eight. He'll try and get up. He does. He's got 50 odd seconds. Listen to this. &gt;&gt; He's looking there, Steve. He said, "That that shot in on the floor." That was that he didn't that wasn't an accident. He threw that on purpose. &gt;&gt; He knew what he was doing there. &gt;&gt; He's saying keep them up. &gt;&gt; It was low. He was low. &gt;&gt; Shot. Oh, good. He's just pummeling away now. Stevenson. &gt;&gt; 20 seconds to go in this night. Brown and Padley still throwing the combinations out. Stevenson targeting the body. &gt;&gt; You got to get a bit of distance. &gt;&gt; Down he goes. And he backs the cameas. And he hadn't seen enough. I wonder if a corner will put him out. Josh Patty. The tow's in. Right time. He's been brilliant, but Shakur Steven Severson does get the stoppage victory. &gt;&gt; Right hand from Cabel. He's hit body and head. &gt;&gt; You saw the stats. The corner must be delighted with him. But Jang still has the power to turn this around. &gt;&gt; And I think I think he's more dangerous when he's when he's tired because it's shot there from when you're tired. The shoulder shot is looser. So you punch a little bit faster maybe when you let him go. coming off those big knock and he's looking to DO THE SAME AGAIN TAKES A COUNT. It's the body SHOTS THAT ARE UNDOING HIM AND HE'S ABSOLUTELY IN AGONY HERE. CHILAI JEAN, WILL HE MAKE THE COUNT? A CAVAL CELEBRATING HIM. IT'S DONE. IT'S DUSTED. IT'S THE 26TH VICTORY FOR AG CAVEL AND IT'S THE most important on this huge night. AND NOW WILL THEY BELIEVE IN THIS GERMAN? The secret is out. &gt;&gt; He's turning into a real fight. MAKI FACE. WHAT A SHOT FROM JOE BARKER. And he WAS BEFUDDLED. AND HE'S DOWN. AND I'M NOT SURE HE'S GOING TO MAKE THIS COUNT. MARTINI JUST ABOUT. HE GETS BACK TO HIS CORNER. BILLY NELSON HAS PULLED HIM OUT. ALL OVER SIDE TWO. JOE PARKER does get the job done. &gt;&gt; Big shot right there. Top of the head. &gt;&gt; Top of the head. &gt;&gt; Messes with the equilibrium. &gt;&gt; It looked like he ate it at first and then it just it he fell apart. &gt;&gt; Now, when you talk about training, here's the thing. When you've got the the lung capacity, oxygen goes to the brain and gets there quick enough. and he wouldn't have had that sort of might not have had that sort of um reaction to that punch right there had he been training. So yes, this is that's one of the downfalls of taking a short notice fight. &gt;&gt; How damaging a defeat for Bakoli? I know people are going to say it was only a couple of days, &gt;&gt; but he was on a BIT OF A TRAJECTORY. HE WAS THE BOOGEYMAN of the division. All of a sudden, he's been knocked out in two rounds. &gt;&gt; How damaging defeat? &gt;&gt; Let me tell you what he's got to do. He's got to lose some weight. He's got to come back and he's got to show himself to be who he was against Jared Anderson. And on looks pretty hurt there. Big deep breath through his nose and Turner stepping on his on the foot straight away and the referee jumps in and he's seen quite enough. &gt;&gt; See closing the range like that Richie is that really to his Yes, it is in that case. &gt;&gt; No, but I think he's keeping his cool here. He's letting Brilliant. It was a lovely left hook under the right elbow of Artum Sparta and the gun shield come out and there was a delayed reaction that looked a bit strategic to go down because he knew what else was coming. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's done. &gt;&gt; Too eager here. I think he can buy his time. &gt;&gt; Ref jumped in. What a stoppage &gt;&gt; Virtual &gt;&gt; throwing venomous shots over and over again. And John Leam has seen enough &gt;&gt; since then. He's won three out of four to set up tonight. Here goes Turner again looking to let HIS HANDS GO. WHAT A SHOT. WHAT A SHOT. AND THERE'S THE POWER OF JACK TURNER. JUMP IN. Let's have a look here. So it's a long left hook and then he just swings away. Look, there's the shot there. Oh, what a belted shot. That's the one. So there's a long left hook there that catches him. Then he gets him here. There's a shot coming up that just spins the head back. There it is. There. The referee then just jumps in. It's an impressive finish. Talk about going through the gears, catching your opponent, and not letting him off the hook. There's a cracking shot there. That's straight left. But the shots across his body here. There's another one there. That's the one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's the one that the referee comes in. But the way his movement's going back, probably feeling the pace a little bit. And I think Herrera notices that, but he's still got to watch what he's doing. Herrera, as he's coming forward, and again, there is blood from that ear, you know. Yeah, &gt;&gt; continues to hack away. Herrera trying to chop down an oak tree. &gt;&gt; This is when he's got to compose himself now. Just wobbling now. &gt;&gt; Starting to take its toll and Todd Lean steps in and stops it. And I think it was in the back of the referee's mind the moment he called the doctor that he wasn't going to allow this to go on much longer. And when he saw the pressure starting to tell and those punishes begin to land, I think he's done the sensible thing and stepped in. He's got this relentless champion who continues to march him down who looks like he could fight all night. Yes, the challenger now. He's just coming undone a little bit and ball on that front foot. Sustained pressure. Smells the victory here. Opening up the heavy can't get off the ropes. He can't keep ball off. 45 seconds to go in the 10th. He's desperate for a rest. He's desperate to hear the bell. He needs the minute between rounds to replenish. Ball marches forward. Walks onto a heady jab. Lands a left hand. Letting his hands go again. Uppercut got through. Punch after punch coming to Hennis's way. CAN'T GET OUT OF THE way of it. Michael Alexander poised the Henny in his own corner. HOW MUCH IS LEFT? STILL he continues to try and fight, but there's no way he can keep Paul off. He's absolutely relentless firing shots in at the head. What a brave performance in this round from the challenger. Someone would have crumbled in the face of this. &gt;&gt; Incredible bottle. Absolutely incredible from Dei there. The big question now is how long a corner lets it go on. I think you're right, B. I think that was a really convincing way, wasn't it? I think that's it. I think that's it. Hector Bermudez has called it off. Michael Alexander confirms it and Nick B retains his WBA featherweight title with a stoppage victory against the brave TJ Dei. &gt;&gt; His teeth deceiving him. his patience. He's stalking him down here as he's waiting for the opportunity to come. &gt;&gt; Lovely body shot. &gt;&gt; Oh, and that was a lovely lead hook to the body right under the left elbow. &gt;&gt; You're right, Barry. He really is with the combination, BUT HE FOUND THAT BODY SHOT THERE. And here comes Raperty again with another onslaught. AND THE T'S GOT IN. GREAT CORNER. CORRECT CORNER. THAT WAS IT. KYLE Rean was so so gritty, but Jack Rafi too strong, too relentless. I'm not sure if it was Adlay indicating that there's some grease or something on on the body of &gt;&gt; TK being I'm not too sure what it was that he was. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a patch from D. He's there. THE POWER. CAN HE GET ON FROM THAT? TKV LOOKS AT HIS CORNER. &gt;&gt; CAN HE fight on? He doesn't really know WHERE HE IS HERE. TKB, HE'S GETTING A LITTLE BIT OF EXTRA TIME, BUT DAVID ANAL COULD BE ON THE VERGE OF THE BRUTAL KNOCKOUT. He promised it's all out there now. Left hand down for the second team. And he's again LOOKING AT THIS CORNER. THE BLOOD OF FIVE. THE EYES ARE IN ORBIT. THE LEGS ARE NOT THERE. THE FIGHT'S GOING TO BE STOPPED HERE, I THINK. CAN HE GO ON? NO. DAVID becomes the British heavyweight champion. And after being out boxed, the boys called him. The power he has can be detonated. &gt;&gt; He's just such a wrecking ball in there. And he the when he when he comes in close, they can't keep him off him. &gt;&gt; No has got no other motion than forward, hasn't he? And he's just continuously done. &gt;&gt; And it looks like Balage &gt;&gt; has had enough there. &gt;&gt; He's holding his hand. &gt;&gt; He's holding his wrist to his hand. Something's not right with him there. And the referee has called it off. the world champion in this weight Barry Jones. I was thinking earlier on the way up about that game between shakes his HEADS UP. We'll get a count for that. Yeah. There's the count and there's a long time left in the round and Kachi suddenly pushes his foot down AND WOOD IS REALLY troubled and left to get out of it is a big shot. He's still badly hurting Wood. Let's remember what how he was against Jo. He doesn't miss with a shot. Kache has worked so well and now he WANTS THE KNOCK OUT. WOOD STANDING strong but Katche with the knock down and again he's just finding the chin of Wood too easily. He looks at his corner and how much is left for the brave Nottingham man. The instinct that he would keep fighting is unbelievable. Oh he would. He doesn't know how to lose the rule of the lion. INCREDIBLE TO SEE. AND NOW WOOD TRIES to come back from the southpaw stance. AND MAYBE WOOD WANTS THIS as a dog fight, but Katche seems strong. And &gt;&gt; well, what a round. Incredible. You you almost expect this every time they will fight but he looks so dangerous. He's gone. Referee referee could have stepped in there catches ON THE HEELS. Great decision Davidson. Anthony catch stops Lewood and silences the native crowd. It was a brilliant decision from Team Wood to get their man out of there because he was brave beyond. But what a win. What a performance where Welsh needs to really put his foot on the gas, Nathan. &gt;&gt; Well, he's past the boy, so he should do big shots. He's got him. He's got him. &gt;&gt; That was a good right hand there from Welsh. And the referee has seen enough. &gt;&gt; Quentis just trying to hold on to McCormack there. shoves him off with that shoulder and then he gives Oh, that was a beautiful left hook there from Luke McCormack and &gt;&gt; a real real for everybody. Really good body shot went in there again. He shakes his head but he's backed up &gt;&gt; in his own corner. He has to go down. A BODY SHOT DID have the effect and the bell goes. Is he GOING TO MAKE IT UP? &gt;&gt; I THINK HE'S DONE AND DUSTED. REESE LYNCH WITH A PUNCH. PERFECT. PROFESSIONAL DEBUT. &gt;&gt; Hunting his prey now. Follows up with that left hook and the straight right hand. Snaps his head back and on. &gt;&gt; A good right hand there from Porter. And oh, that was a really nasty straight right hand. &gt;&gt; Cool, relaxed, lovely fella outside of the ring. Oh, spectacular. Absolutely devastating. And can he make it this time? &gt;&gt; The counts at nine. Brave man, Mike Bagen from the States. Up twice from heavy knockdowns, the second especially. And he's GOING FOR IT. FAIR PLAY to him, Barry. &gt;&gt; What a great effort there from Val. And he was done there to get up and recover. That's that's some super right hand and there's no way the fight should continue. &gt;&gt; It's a lovely time right hook there and to be fair that the fight was over. But some finds a few this shot. Look at that's a lovely time shot. Look at that. He saw a little lean back turns the body so he gets that a little torque in the punch as well to get that power in that right hook. So look at that. Do you know what that is? Composure. Because the guy's rushing it in. He's got such a calm demeanor at home. No, no panic. It's a little half of a step back and sees little. &gt;&gt; Doesn't waste much, does he? Eva Alloys Junior. &gt;&gt; And you know it's like when you're against a puncher and you don't want to make any mistakes and that just sometimes can tense you up a little bit, can it? &gt;&gt; That jab just opened some blood to the nose and that was an absolute hum from Alloys Junior. He's not getting up from that. FIGHTS OVER ALLOYS JUNIOR with his ninth knockout win. Another stunning win and his best yet in class. &gt;&gt; That that that was a superb as Barry says, left hook. The way he looks for it, little faint there. He dips the knees and again the accuracy on point. I mean, look at the effect he's had on such a big man there. A solid man in David Jameson, Barry. &gt;&gt; But that that that look down, I almost thought he fainted with the jab cuz he he saw a little little twitch of the shoulder, but he he looks low. That's like a Naz left hook, not quite where he looks low and bends the leg and then comes back up with the left hook over the top. To win this fight, put you on the ladder towards those bigger fights and that's uh but they won't care about that. This is all about this is all about pride. This fight this is you want to be the best in the world. You want to be the best in your country. You see the box has landed on the box and he is hurt here. The corner reckoning the college to go in cuz it's early in the fourth ROUND AND THERE IS A BREAKTHROUGH HERE FOR THE MANIC FOR THE SECOND TIME IN THE FOURTH ROUND. THAT WAS A HEAVIER BALL AND BRILLIANT SO FAR FROM Nathaniel Collins. And there's plenty of time left in the round to get the job done. He's hunting in. Nathaniel Collins with the win of his career. His legs buckled again down. I mean, this fight's done and dusted. &gt;&gt; And in that last one, all of a sudden, Tank went from empty. He's done. &gt;&gt; The tow's got to come in now. Surely it's in Nigel's hand. B's going to throw it in. &gt;&gt; The count today. &gt;&gt; They got to save their man. They have right decision. Mike Perez wins. What was a really good battle a cabel is all sorts of HEAVYWEIGHT and it just takes one shot. I don't think he's going to make it. Oh my word. That is unbelievable. Fabio Warley FINDS THE RIGHT HAND to knock out Justice Hood in spectacular fashion. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at that. He squares his feet up. Honey, the first time he made a mistake. The first time he makes a mistake and he has to pay for it. &gt;&gt; The one thing that he didn't need to do was trade with Fabio Wardley. He does that and he gets caught with an absolute peach of a right hand. Look at this shot. Takes his head off the line right on the button. And that's all she wrote. He had just three rounds, just nine minutes to find the answer. And boy did he do that. Just as Hoodie knocked out, loses for the first time in his LIFE AFTER PUTTING ON THE BEST performance of his life. An absolutely astonishing sport, A NIGHT LIKE NO OTHER. And &gt;&gt; it's what you said earlier, D. He never loads up as he was. He's always relaxing. There's not loads of weight on the shot. You get the weight on the turn of the punch, but he's not trying to dig in with anything. Just tuck it away. &gt;&gt; Usyk. The crowd are charging the AQ of the Ukrainian wizard who's just looking at Dwis body and they're closing to the chair. I mean this guy is an extraordinary sportsman. He really is. And Daniel trying to go down in the background. And there is A MINUTE 34 LEFT. AND THIS THE ROUND WHERE HIS DREAMS CAME TRUE against AJ. WILL THEY TURN INTO a nightmare here? Big one from us. And this goes out Daniel. He's never going to make it. ALEXANDER RUSE COULD BE CROWNED RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW. HE IS UNDISPUTED FOR A THIRD TIME. ONCE, TWICE, Bryce can come again. But there was no match to the mccurial wizard that is Alexander oozing that right HAND CHOPPING BY THE EAR of Dubois. AND THEN FOLLOWING THAT it was the left hook, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; I think it's that first one. Sorry, I think it's the first one that really did the damage. That one knocks him over. But I think the first one really stunned him. Then the next one knocks him over. Though this shot here, we're going to see in a minute was a corker of a punch. &gt;&gt; Here we go. Alexander Rousi at his scintillating best with a left COUNTER TO THE CHIN. And it was good night for Daniel Dubois and all rise for the brilliance of Alexander Usyk who just deserves so many accolades because he's a wonderful guy outside of the ring, inside of the ring. I think he's top 10 of all time. Absolutely stunning left hand to close the show here. Look at this shot on the point of the chin. Daniel Japan knew it was coming. You could see him shutting his eyes. It landed and it closed the show. The man is special. We are going to miss this fighter when he's gone. And there's not long left. &gt;&gt; He is a king. He is a king. He literally is. &gt;&gt; The shield went out. There was no way Dwell was getting up from that. And he's not the easiest person in the world to pin down because every time that you see him on the ropes, he doesn't stay there for too long. But just as I say that, that was a beautiful backhand uppercut from Zamat Kesh. &gt;&gt; And a good performance we're watching from Mason Payne. And Grat's done something to his leg there or his ankle. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, he may well have to retire because he's properly hobbling about. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't I don't know what he did there. I don't know if he might have hurt his foot or &gt;&gt; he can't continue. Rev needs to cool this off. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; That left leg of Grati is in a bad place. The pain can only do what he can do and the referee does jump in. Scheduled for six. And I don't think we'll get there as Boule finds himself with his back on the ropes or in the corner over and over again. And he is throwing back is Boule but just none of it so far is effective. And another good that was a good shot there from very shot. Taylor Beaven and Tedenko Boule finds himself on the canvas. I don't know. I think a sustained attack here and the referee might have to step in. &gt;&gt; Great body shot tucked in under the elbows. Right hand and this is going TO SURELY FINISH AND HE DOES GET TO STOP HIS now he deserves a bit more on the cards AS HE'S GETTING FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THE ROUND. BARELY HURT. IT'S GOING ALL OVER. OH, BALE GETS HIS BIG WIN. IMPRESSIVE TONIGHT. AND THAT LEFT HOOK was the one that just troubled Abu Bakr. And he never Barry recovered. No, he never. But look at the accuracy now with the shot. Okay, Abaka literally gives him a target to hit. Taking his time looking for the target rather than just throw wildly. He's picking his shots. He's looking for the target. Detonating on the chin for every shot. &gt;&gt; He picked every shot really superbly. Crafted that performance tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, we've mentioned it. You mentioned it numerous times, the amateur pedigree. Look, the speed, the accuracy, not loading up with anything. And when he had Abu Baka hurt, you just knew the quality that he had and that accuracy, that speed, you knew it was going to be very difficult for Abu Baka to to recover. That was a very, very, very good performance, that one that really kickstart his careers, especially after two years out. Barry, &gt;&gt; ironically, he took too many punches. The referee did the right thing, but ironically, Abu Bakov, who takes a great shot, by the way, he took the knee. I think he I think he should have got back up. &gt;&gt; But Ryan Garnish has been a step ahead. His movement's been good. His balance, as Barry was pointing out, terrific. Some of the combinations, Darren, that you were saying. And um it's all around a good performance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Ticks a lot of boxes, the variation, the movement. He's confused as well with the way that the shots have come out. Unorthodox at times. Oh, he's left. TOTALLY agree with Barry. Victor Lachland stepped in at exactly the right time. That was a long time to go in the round. And as much as your heart went for Reese Botti to go the distance, it was a good stop. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it was spot on as well. Way down on the cars, but what a way to finish the show. The crowd are going mad. Honestly, what a performance. Punch perfect. And there's some big big nights ahead for Ryan Garner. Look at the variation. Look at that. The chip we were saying was coming higher Garner, but it was high there of a lot in that final round. And that allows Garner to find that left hook. But a brilliant performance. I tell you what, there's going to be some big nights in and around. Whether it be Southampton, Bournemouth, this man's going places. Stunning on the south coast, THE PIRANHA RYAN Garner with his biggest win, stopping Reese Venote in the 12th round. And now he goes home with three titles. And could he, as Carl Bmpton believes, become a world champion in the next year? All too much for desperate trouble and very early. CAN HE SURVIVE THIS? Big punches are gone. He's all over the place. HAVING A CLOSE LOOK. The clock is ticking. ALMOST INSIDE TWO MINUTES. WHITE TRIES TO SPREAD OUT TO HIS FEET. HE DOES it inside around and Moses it's gets the biggest win of his professional life. &gt;&gt; And once he got you hit on the temple there had him in trouble straight away. Didn't rush his way. Watch this. Couple of shots. Takes a step back automatically. Nothing's coming back. Picking his shots. Not getting too close down. Not getting those feet too close. The range is perfect. &gt;&gt; A look at that. I mean it's just it's it's so good. It's so spiteful. Everything about it. Little dip of the knees, the intelligence, that little right hook there is an absolute stunning Hollywood showcase real knockout. That that is fantastic. Look, I've been questioning the body language, if you like, of Dillian White. And we we both said something there. Did he know, Barry, that he didn't have it anymore, Dillian White? &gt;&gt; Oh, not sure. You know, I mean, you're not quite sure if you still got it. You know, you never know, do you? But I mean, either way, whether he's old or not, there's still a good win for Tom. It was a potentially a test on paper and he didn't give an opportunity to get into the fight. &gt;&gt; Dillian White's been a brilliant servant of the sport. A fantastic store. He never ever got into that for any second of the fight. His jab fell short. And it was with consumer ease that Talma just picked him off and knocked him out. And I know that Dillian is 37 and I know that that's what it should have done. But he was kept waiting in the ring. He kept his composure and he delivered beautifully tonight. &gt;&gt; But should he have done it that early though? I mean, he should have done it, but not that early. The way we always say the sign of a of of a potentially great fighter is when they they don't rush their work, but they get it done quick. &gt;&gt; The stands the bolo shot and you know, you know, lovely looking for it now, isn't he? Because &gt;&gt; Yeah. See, that's lovely body shot. &gt;&gt; See? Yeah, it was. And that was an excellent body shot. &gt;&gt; You heard it. You heard it, lad. It was a delayed reaction. You heard it here landing from ringside. &gt;&gt; Good shots there from Baw. &gt;&gt; He's working well so far. He's a beautiful shot &gt;&gt; and Fedrico Pedraza finds himself on the canvas to the body just round that elbow &gt;&gt; of Mugaruzo. Fires back. Nice right screw shot. OH, turn puts the booar down. He's looked so solid THROUGHOUT THIS CONTEST, BUT THAT WAS A wondrous left hook from Jack Turner. Got to stay calm here. No, Turner. Pick your shots well. &gt;&gt; Good work again from Turner. And now go once more. &gt;&gt; HE LOOKS JADED. THE LEGS ARE UNSTEADYED. The referee having a good LOOK AND HE'S WAVED IT OFF. &gt;&gt; WOW, what a victory that was. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice by Southerntherland. He caught a just on the right side of his temple and he now finds himself in the corner and a barrage of punches are coming in and a referee needs to see something come back. That's a lot. And that is all he wants to see. And yet again, Marcus Sutherland wins by stoppage in an opening round. Body shots in after a lovely jab upstairs. This is really good work, Adam. Very good work. Boxing from Sour to Orthodox. AND HE'S DOWN. JABILKI ENDED THE FIRST ROUND. I'M NOT SURE HE'S GOING TO MAKE IT. &gt;&gt; A lovely virtual care from Kee. &gt;&gt; Really nice, but he doesn't seem to be worried about it. Aston Brown body shot. He's going for another place AND A RIGHT HAND MEANS THAT KEANE HAS TO TAKE A KNEE. LOOKS AT HIS CORNER. BLOOD FROM THE NOSE. HE'S GOING TO GET IT UP. Just a good look AT HIM. A MINUTE 30 LEFT IN THE SECOND. ASTON could be another knockout win. Body shots all over. Done. destined a new Celtic middleweight champion. His name is Eston Brown. And I wonder if at 34 he's still going to be a big THREAT IN THE MIDDLEWEIGHT DIVISION, BUT IT'S HARD to watch. &gt;&gt; And it's readable now. His work is easy easier for Adoi to read. &gt;&gt; He's starting to block the shot as he's coming forward. Now Adoi. &gt;&gt; Good straight shot from Adaf. Oh, that's a lovely right hook though over that lazy jab you'd have to say of Glaciv again. Gainly fires back though. Big right hand from Odity. &gt;&gt; And again, THE TOWELS COME IN. GOOD DECISION from the corner. LOUIS ODITY WITH THE BACK FLIP. THE GYMNAST FROM ESSICS HAS BECOME THE BRITISH LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION IN THE performance of his career. It was fabulous. Certainly at domestic level, but at world level as a light heavyweight, &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchinson. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, he's he's got the ability. He's got that desire. You can tell I like the way he's approached this fight. Oh, big right hand. He's hurt Jeff. Oh, combination. Jesus is in control here and stepped in and all of a sudden in the flash of an eye seals an emphatic performance with a sparkling stoppage as well. This right hand now just nice and loose. Look at that. He didn't load up but he just turned his body into the shot but the follow was fantastic. Look at that uppercut left hook with the same hand there as well. Good call there by the referee. Well, you asked me just before this happened, that shot landing. Could he mix up with the big boys? Well, I tell you what, there's some big names in the division, but they'll want to see this guy put in with some of those. But the way he's performed there, the way he's looked, the character that he is in and out of the ring, couple more shots, more activity, and yeah, big fights beckon for Willie Hutchinson. That was a good performance, Adam, and a fantastic finish there to really just put the cherry on the cake there for Hutchinson. just to say I'm back. &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchinson returns. &gt;&gt; That just comes with experience. &gt;&gt; Now Pollard just kind of ting on that guard now. Has barely thrown too much back there. He got caught with a decent right uppercut there. And he &gt;&gt; he's just going to take his time as he rise up. &gt;&gt; He's done. He's done. &gt;&gt; And Mark Bass is going to call it off. shipping a lot of punishment. &gt;&gt; I THINK WE'VE SEEN ENOUGH MATES HAVING A REAL lone in. It's got the STOPPAGE AND THE BRAVE SPIRITED EFFORT OF STEVE WOOD COMES TO AN END. Compassion from an experienced corner. A very gritty determined display that he's getting to him now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're really waving him on. Fabio Wardley, Ben Davidson, Lee Wy, be active, be busy. I mean, they must be knackering though. Joe Joyce watching on at ringside AND THIS IS WHERE HE GOT TO JOE PARKER RIGHT AT THE END of their fight. Can Fabio Wley do the same? &gt;&gt; That's bothering in that car. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it doesn't look like much, but it's it's annoying him, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It's in the inside, isn't it? It's going to the eye. Too late to worry about that. This is the OPPORTUNITY here is going to step in any second. with a seismic shot. It was a great heavyweight battles. You will SEE LANDED on the punches and can see as he come forward. Unbelievable. Joseph Parker was ahead on the cards by six rounds by two rounds and one level. So Fabio Wally needed that. And Scott, look at this stoppage again. You know, he knew where he was Parker. He was landing shots forward, but I'm not too sure. Regardless though, incredible how he got himself in this position. Fabio, we thought he might punch himself out, but he was not letting this opportunity pass. And at this point, and I was thinking, we we talked about the last what a what a chabby had. And then I was thinking, what a cha. How was he still on his feet? Heavyweight boxer at his finest. Fabio Wley outlasts Joe Parker and proves he has some power from start to finish. And you know what? A British fighter, another one, IS GOING TO GO BACK IN WITH ALEXANDER USK. &gt;&gt; Get off the rope. Get off the ropes. &gt;&gt; Get him. Slow down. that This is like East fight. That body down. Come on now. Get it.