Kind: captions Language: en I see you. How are you? &gt;&gt; Good, my brother. And you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Very very good, mate. Very good. Uh Genag. &gt;&gt; Good. Good. Mit is good. Very good. Mit's good on Vit. &gt;&gt; Okay. Very good. Very good. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Aget congratulations. We're gonna do it in English because that that was the extent of my German. But um congratulations, mate. 12,000 people will fill up the arena. You have sold it out, my friend. Well done. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, my brother. Thank you. You know, the the boxing come back to Germany. You know, the fans is crazy. You know, I don't know. I'm happy for the situation. You know, I have not so much traffic on my head for the cards. The card is finished and I'm happy. Really, I'm happy. &gt;&gt; Has it gone better than you expected? Did you Did you really think that it would go this quick? No, never. You know, I say, you know, the many people write me, uh, yeah, we come to your fight. We come to your fight. But I think, yeah, it's okay. The people come maybe 3 weeks, four weeks before the fight, I sell out, but after 5 days, this is crazy, you know. This is really crazy. This is unbelievable. Really, &gt;&gt; does it cuz I saw the press conference as well. Press conference, so many people there. Does this send out a bit of a message that German boxing is back? &gt;&gt; Yes, 100%. I send the message I hope to the world, you know. I hope the world understand, you know, the the the before the people when he when he watching the boxing in Germany, he have only the name Klitschkos, you know. I hope after after this event, after everything, you know, Cabel is the German boxing right now. &gt;&gt; Did you used to go to those shows, those Klitschko shows? Did you watch and think maybe me one day? &gt;&gt; Yes, 100% brother. 100%. This was my dream, you know. But you know this is everything I say this more time everything come from God you know and he he give me and I'm happy for the situation really &gt;&gt; and we know we know that you are fighting a giant but before we speak about him Germany is also a giant as well. They're really getting behind you aren't they? &gt;&gt; Yes. You know I thank you Alise. Thank you. Uh he helped me so so much you know and uh and you know he he bring we bring back back uh boxing to back to Germany and uh you know I think when we work together hand in hand and everything come back you know &gt;&gt; it's it's amazing because I I know the last time you boxed there was was three years ago I believe around three years. Yeah, two 2023 was the last fight in Germany, but this was also big. Not so big right now, but uh 4,000 people was inside. &gt;&gt; Right. Okay. So, three times as many now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And after, you know, after Riyad season, the Riad season changed my career, you know. I say this more time, you know. Thank you, excellency. You know, he g me the opportunity for the fights and you know, you see, you know, Kabay is a big name in Germany right now. &gt;&gt; How much of a different fighter are you to to those three fights ago, &gt;&gt; you know, I fight every fighters, you know, in this game, you know, but u this is this is different, you know. I fight in my hometown, you know. When you when you when you win the fight here with me, &gt;&gt; you must go in the fire with me. Really, this is different, you know. But um uh I you know in my career I never never disrespect my opponent you know I respect all the guys I train for all guys the same you know I train every every training camp I train hard but you know this time I have a little bit small different uh situation this guy is big &gt;&gt; you know it's very big but I think I train very hard for the situation and we will see &gt;&gt; what once again it's a face off where a Fabial goes like like this up to another joint. &gt;&gt; When I fight with Mahmud was situation a little bit the same and when I fight with Zang crazy. &gt;&gt; But you like small heavyweight. Yes. I like Yeah. Yes. Of course I like it when the people see you know the the we say David Giggolat like this situation. [laughter] &gt;&gt; But he is uh he's ambitious as well. Your opponent Dabian Kiba he wants to do it for for Poland. wants to become world heavyweight champion. He seems to have a real fire about him. &gt;&gt; Yes, 100%. This guy I see in his eyes, you know, he come to he come, you know, he's hungry, he's motivated, but you know, he forgot he fight with Cabay, you know, I'm I'm I'm come I'm also very motivated, you know, I'm very very hungry. I'm not uh I will this is in my dream, you know. I'm so quick uh to the world championship fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I give you know I give everything you know you you when you when you in this when you fight with me you must give your life. &gt;&gt; This is what it is you know but you see the last fight I I fight every every fight I give my best. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Wow. Listen we we see it. We see the best cabal that we have ever seen right now. But tell me this, when you're fighting Zang, when you're fighting Makmoudov, when you're fighting Sanchez, these are guys that really it m maybe a 5050 kind of fight for this one, you're a big favorite because you're seen as one of the best. People don't know him as much. So, what does that do for your mentality? &gt;&gt; You know, for me, the mentality, you know, I'm happy for this. People understand cabail as a good boxer but for me for me and my coach change nothing you know we go into training and we go in the fight like the same like Sanchez like Mahmurov like Zen all you know it's the people think yeah this is easy fight for cabel brother the training is not easy really is very hard you know at the same situation the same coach everything is the same you know the sparring is hard everything is hard but Um, you know, in my head this is I think all fights when I go in the ring when I fight I was the underdog. &gt;&gt; Mhm. The last three fights I was underdog. The situation was different. But you know I I know and my team knows this is I will not I'm not the underdog. You know my team all the all my team. Yeah. Cabel you win. This is this is the people not understand how strong you are you are strong boxer you know. But in this fight you will see. &gt;&gt; You know what what is interesting is that the uh the Zang's trainer is the same. So Geneba's trainer and Zang's trainer is Sha George. So he gets a second chance to beat Cabay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, brother. No problem. Give give him the chance. I'm I'm ready. You know, I'm hungry. I'm I fight everyone, you know. For me, it's no problem. I go in the ring, I give my performance, and it is what it is. &gt;&gt; You are the WBC interim champion. Now, when you won that belt, I saw that it actually Usyk put the belt on you in the ring. I I don't think I've seen that happen before where the the full champion puts the belt on the on the interim champion. For me, that was a a new situation there and and a bit strange. What did you think of that situation? &gt;&gt; Yeah, this was a new situation, you know. I think after the fight um I think Uzi think yeah I never will fight with this guy you know um he think in the head I will fight only with uh with the English guys you know the market in Germany is too small you know but no five days we sell out the tickets you know I think not I think I I think not the market in Germany is too small but first about um when before when People talk yeah when you win you will fight with Usyk. I say first about I fight with Daniel Damian and after we can talk with one to other names but uh yeah for me when Uzi make the belt I'm very happy you know for this you know he give me the respect but I think in his head was uh I will never fight with this guy you know. So that may be in his head. In your head maybe you're thinking this is nice but I want yours. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yes, of course. You know I want but you know it is what it is. You know I cannot change it you know. Um this was 100% situation. I think in my head this is nice but I want you back [laughter] &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; First about Damian and after we can talk Uzi or one to other names. Yeah, of course. Of course. And and and the only reason I'm going to say another name is because actually you said the other name. You said first we'll do Daniel. I mean Damian. So let's talk a little bit about Daniel because Daniel Dubois is a is a guy that you don't trash talk. You don't call people out. You don't say I want this. I want this. But for Dubois, something seems to have changed a little bit. I've seen a few videos, interviews. You do want him, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. you you stay with us in this in the stage but in the stage I don't know understand what Daniel is saying you know with the microphones the the the microphones is um u when you talk this was only on the fans we stay on the stage I not heard what Daniel say to me Daniel so let's go cabel he's ready &gt;&gt; and after I heard this my coach say say to me hey he will fight I say okay no problem I go to the I go to George Warren I say hey I'm ready for the challenge no problem. I will fight with him and after you see me see see maybe I make you a small video for Daniel small message I say Daniel uh when you're ready for the fight I think this is the best fight right now in the heavyweight division yes of course why not I will fight with the best names you know I will fight with the best boxers and the heavyweight division I train for this I'm ready you know this is it is what it is and he may he go on the stage and he say cabel I'm ready I really I know understand in the stage stage. I I not her, you know, but &gt;&gt; and after I say one after the after directly after we come from the stage, I say, "Hey, I will fight. No problem." &gt;&gt; Hey, hopefully one for the future, right? You both got things to sort out. I know he's a bit injured at the moment. He's got to get himself back. You've got a big Polish problem in front of you in January as well, but hopefully, fingers crossed, Dad. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. First about the Polish guy. I think this is this guy is uh he's very motivation you know he have a very big motivation first about this Polish guy and after we concentration on the one to other names I see that you are not just a a big star in Germany now you are also an ambassador for Kurdistan I saw visit Kurdistan lovely promo went out everyone just loves you a everyone wants to be part of the agit cabal journey &gt;&gt; yes of course know I have a big support. You know, many people for forgotten, you know, but we are not only Germany. We we have a Germany, a Australian and we have a Switzerland, you know, and and I have my Kurish community, you know. I'm the I'm the Kur I'm from Kuristan, you know, and we are also so much people around the world, you know. I have a big support for Kuristan. Um from Visit Kuristan is the big sponsor for me. Uh and thank you visit Kuristan to to support me and this is a big community really really I have so much support around the world. Thank you for the support you know all fans. &gt;&gt; Yeah it's it's amazing and we see when you're in the ring we see that Kurdish power as well and the Kurdish power that's a big problem. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. The big problem the Kurdish power is big problem for the guys. Uh, tell me, so when this Kurdish power lands, I know you don't like to trash talk, but I I just I just want to get in that head. What What are you expecting to happen when the Kurdish power does land in January? &gt;&gt; We will see in the fight, you know. No, I will not talk talk too much uh I not like it, you know. I will give my performance in the ring. The fans will seize it and yeah, we see in January 10 in the ring. &gt;&gt; We definitely will. A couple of things actually. that the top five right now with Ring Magazine. I want to see if you agree with it. So they have Usyk as number one, they have Tyson Fury after that, then they have Fabio Wardley, then they have you, then they have Parker. Do you agree? I don't know. You know, I make not the rankings, you know, but um I think I say this more time for one fight you give you give Fabby Wley number three. This is crazy, you know. This is really really crazy. He beat only Parker, you know. And uh but it is what it is. I met not I I make not the rankings. When Ring say this is the ranking, it's correct. I'm respected. All you do is fight the fights and win the fights, right? &gt;&gt; Yes, of course. Well, yes, of course. You know, I fight is no problem. I fight everyone really. I see only the sport competition. But yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, one final thing. Moses uh Moses Italama is fighting Jermaine Franklin. Moses seems to be a guy that everyone uh everyone's watching him rise because they they know he's going to be something. What What do you think about this fight with Jermaine Franklin coming up? Yeah, this is really this is really good fight for him, you know. This this guy is young. You not forgot it. He's 21 20 year 21 &gt;&gt; 20 20 &gt;&gt; 20 year. Why give this guy the time? You know, and all people say, "Hey, he can fight with Usyk. He can fight with Anthony Joshua. He can fight with other big names." But give this guy the time. You know, in three years, four years, he's young. He can fight everyone. But in four years, he's a big champ. Maybe a big he have the biggest name you know all people see him but now I think give this guy three four more fights and uh we will see what bring in the future you know &gt;&gt; but Franklin looks looks like a good one &gt;&gt; yes 100% it's very good fight for him I think also the this for the English fans he you know Jermaine Franklin fight with Dillian White and Anthony Joshua and we will see what make it with him you know and give this give this guy the time, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Well, uh, Agit, I'm not going to keep you any longer. I'm just going to say, what is your message to all of these fans who have bought tickets to come and watch you superstar Rajit Cabaya on January the 10th? What is your message to these guys? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for all fans around the world, uh, watch the zone uh, buy the pay-per-view and support cabail. Really, thank you for all the support. Thank you for all support around the world. This is Kurish power. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Aiden. Awesen. &gt;&gt; I think that's it. &gt;&gt; Thank you, mate. Thank you.