Kind: captions Language: en The fight week has well and truly arrived for Moses Ituma here in Manchester. Moses, you've just had your first face-off of the week here courtside. How did you find it? He looks trim, innit? He looks trim. You know what? He's been here a little while as well. It's It's not like one of those opponents that comes in on the Wednesday, you knock him out Saturday, they go home on the Sunday. He's been in Don Charles' farm. He's been training, right? So, he looks in shape to you. Yeah, he looks in shape. Honestly, what? He had 14 weeks or something, so yeah, man. No excuses, innit? Well, you're in shape, too. I think we can see that. I've heard you say that Everything's the baggy fit, though. So, I can have a new night new night, too. What are you saying? What are you saying? I'm I'm saying the ting works. I can see a little bit of jawline there as well, mate. I think you're looking good. I'm not commenting on that. All I'm saying is you're looking good. And the delay was a delay a good thing for you in a way? Of course. I wasn't going to I wasn't going to fight with a with a towel, was I? Yeah, you I mean, in terms of momentum and just like learning new things in the gym, was it a good thing for you? It'll be a blessing in disguise, innit? Yeah. You just can't wait to get in there now, right? Man, that's what I've been waiting for. What's your message to fight fans ahead of Saturday night? &gt;&gt; what? What is your message to fight fans ahead of Saturday night who can't wait to see Moses Ituma again? What's my message? Tune in. And I'm sure they will. All right. But, good to see you, Moses. Well, courtside here with Jermaine Franklin, the man looking to derail the hype train on Saturday night. And Jermaine, first thing I've noticed in, you look great shape. Yeah, you know, I've been working had a good camp. Has the delay kind of almost helped you here? It's turned into what? A 14-15 week camp? I mean, more time is always good time, but you know, I was ready to go back then, too. What do you make of the energy from Moses Ituma's 21 years old, a young man headlining? Do you feel like there's a lot of pressure on the young man? I mean, as fighters, there's always a ton of pressure on us, but um I mean, in in in his shoes, you know, it's probably a ton of pressure. The world expecting the most out of him. You have been handpicked by Moses, handpicked by his team, his handlers. What does that do for your mindset knowing that out of everyone, they picked you for Saturday? I mean, I'm I'm just always ready to fight. I'm always ready to go, so you know, uh being handpicked has gave me a little more fuel. You're being written off. People are thinking that it's a pardon the pun here, a slam dunk for him on Saturday night. Why is that not the case? Cuz you know, like I always said, I'm a warrior. I come to fight. I love to prove people wrong, and I'mma let my skills do the talking. What is your message to fight fans ahead of Saturday? You know, you can't sleep on me forever. Eventually, I'mma wake y'all up, but uh tune in and be ready to see something they never seen before. Best of luck. Thank you. Well, Willy Hutchinson has just faced off with Ezra Taylor for the first time this week, and you were talking to him up there, Willy. What were you saying to Ezra? I wasn't saying much, to be honest with you. I just telling him um that I'm looking forward to seeing him on Saturday night, and I'm looking forward to getting the job done, to be honest with you. This has been going on for too long now. Um it's just I'm ready to fight. There's nothing else to say, man. What What What can I say, you know? So, you put out a video on your Instagram this morning saying you're feeling good, you're feeling almost at peace. You look like a like a fighter at peace. I'm I'm calm. I'm calm. I'm trying to be calm, cool, and collected. But, if he pokes the right buttons, anything can happen. But, as we are now, to be honest with you, I'm just ready to fight. I'm not What? I can't talk anymore. I've talked the talk. Now, it's time to walk the walk, you know? And there's another thing. He asked for me. And this is what we all got to remember. He mentioned my name. I'm here. On Saturday night, you know, it'll it'll show itself. Do you think he's going to regret ever asking for this fight? He'll regret ever mentioning my name. Because the reason why is I'm not going to finish his He's going to finish his career. After me, he'll never box again. Too old in the tooth. He'll get hurt. You said this is easy money. Easy money. I'm here for the paycheck and back home to my wife and child, and onto the next thing. Best of luck. We'll see you tomorrow. Thank you, Dev. Courtside here with the Cannon, Ezra Taylor, who has just faced off with Willy Hutchinson. Are you going to throw some balls, by the way, here today? I'm getting caught up for the half court time shot. I don't know about no basketball, but I'm with it. I'm good with my hands, you feel me? So, I'm going to give it the best I can. We have seen you face off with Willy Hutchinson a moment ago. A few words exchanged up there. What was said? He said something. He said, "I look thirsty." I didn't reply. I ain't got time for this, man, like he's trying to take food off my plate. I ain't got time to be lacking and joking with you anymore. I'm really going to hurt you on Saturday, so you know, let's count down the days, the seconds, the time, and let me just go in and do what I need to do. The build-up has been fantastic. The build-up has been fun, but are you kind of saying that's all good, fight's sold, man. Now, it's time to switch on. See what it is. This fight ain't you know, joke. And he takes a lot of things for a joke, and that's cool. That's on him. On me, I'm a professional. And this ain't no joke. I put my life on the line for this. Every time I get in that ring, you think I got time to joke around with this guy? I got no time to joke. Training camp was no joke. The sacrifices I'm making ain't no joke. So, on Saturday, we're going to go in there as serious as you're speaking right now and doing a demolition job. It's nothing more. He said he's going to end your career on Saturday. He said you're too long in the tooth to come back after this. He's going to end my career? It doesn't really make any sense. My career is started and it's blossoming and booming. His career is I don't know what the hell is going on over there. But, I'm not speaking on it. I focus on what I need to do, right? And he's a pivotal point in my career. On Saturday, I get to show the whole world what I'm really about. That I'm the best light heavyweight in the UK, you know? So, I'm grateful for the opportunity. I'm grateful that he accepted the fight. I'm just going to turn him upside down. At the end of this fight, cuz the world will be watching, what will they be saying about Ezra Taylor? That he's a professional and I never knew he was that good. He really must work hard. He really must sacrifice. He really must be disciplined. You know what? He lives that lifestyle. Cuz everything they're going to be saying is true. I get to show it on Saturday. Best of luck. Thank you.