Kind: captions Language: en Ezra, fight week is here. Welcome to Manchester. Thank you. Ask you a silly question. How you feeling? I'm feeling great, man. I really am feeling great. It's a great fight week. I like Manchester. I love it, actually. Um sunny Salford. Enjoying it. Um just embracing it, man. It's great. It's um it's a big fight week. Magnificent seven, you Willy Hutchinson. Just just break this fight down for me. I'm just going to break him down, man. There's nothing really I can say. This is my coming out party. I feel like this is a the great opponent for me to do what I do best on. Um I think after this fight I'll solidify myself in the rankings throughout the world, I believe. Just in the light heavyweight. Like I believe I'm the best light heavyweight in the UK. Soon to be in the world, but Saturday is the first step to to conquering that. You're obviously very confident and rightly so, but you're kind of giving him some flowers there saying this is the the statement win if it comes, right? Is that Is that fair to say the way you look at Willy? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100% 100%. We're not naive, man, you know. Um I've treated this opponent accordingly. We know what he's about. Um he's been in there with some good names and whatever else, but that's all he's done, you know. Um his time's done. My time's now. Um I just put in the work, man. I really put in the work. I sacrifice and then I just give the rest to God, man. Jesus loves me and I'm here and I'm enjoying it. I'm saying I'm speaking to you with a smile on my face. I'm about to enter the most intense point of my life and I'm very calm with it, you know. So So yeah, man. I'm looking forward to it. There's a lot to pick over uh in what you just said. It's It's a great answer. When you see When you see Willy, what's the What's the energy like? What is it when you see each other at press conference or even in the hotel here doing interviews and media commitments and you see each other around? What What is it like between you guys? He's a bit of a clown, I'll be honest. Um he's very playful. Um and I match that energy a little bit beforehand, but now fight day is approaching, I ain't really got time for that. Like he's someone who's really trying to derail me of what I sacrificed for, all the hardship I've gone through, the darkness that I really put myself in each and every day. He's trying to take that away from me. The the lightness that I deserve that I that that my reward, you know. Um So at this point in moment I don't I I just see him as an opponent. Like you won't hear me say his name too much because you're just an opponent that I'm going to see many of them. I've seen many of them beforehand and then he's going to be an opponent that I've beat. That's That's it. You say You say he's been a clown. Uh two two sort of spin-offs from that is what has he done to give you that opinion? And do you think that's him trying to unsettle, trying to do a bit of a mind game before the fight? I'll be honest. I just feel like he's an unsettled character himself. Um you've seen him do it before with his previous opponents, you know. Um I don't see why he would have changed it with me. Um but again, I'm not here to play into his game that he's going to be in a ring with me, you know. So it's a different type of thing. I'm not in a ring with him. So ultimately I believe in myself. I guess he believes in himself to to some degree. That's why we're here. But we don't win fights by talking or making jokes or shouting and being loud and boisterous. We go in the ring and we be violent, disciplined, and focused. So that's me. I'm the latter. I really like the tone of of what you're saying. It sets up for a great fight. Uh outside, I think he's in here as well. I met with Malik Scott, who you trained with. Just What What has that added to your game? Try working with Malik in America. &gt;&gt; It's everything, man. I just want to say thank you to God that we we made the connection. The connection she's unreal. My team's unreal. Um and I feel like now you see when I get in that ring it feels like a 2v1, you know what I'm saying? I feel like he's really with me, you know. Um we work hard. We're both passionate. He wants to be the best trainer in the world. He is. I want to be the best boxer in the world. I am. And when you combine that to to together it's a force to to be reckoned with, man. Yeah, man. He's He's stepped up and he's made my game something different and you can see that in my performances, you know. I don't really need to speak out loud and Saturday you'll see it again and again and again until I get to the top. So yeah, Malik Scott and Ezra Taylor is like Mike Tyson and Cus D'Amato. A lot A lot of people saying this is potentially fight of the night on the card. Would you agree with that? I believe so. I'm not discrediting the other fights that's going to be on the card, but I say that The reason why I say it's going to be fight of the night cuz I know what I'm going to bring. I know what I'm going to do, you know. Um not too sure what other people are thinking. Don't really care. I know what I'm about. My team knows what we're about and we've got an objective to do and we're going to get it done. It's already written. I know you won't want to look past Willy Hutchinson, so I know you won't. But do you allow yourself to say, "Okay, all goes to plan on Saturday. I know that there is one name in particular that that you sort of had a bit of back and forth with in in Louie Edmondson. Is that a fight that potentially you want to look at next?" Or &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Do you Do you not even No, because you know what it is? It's a funny question cuz people say, you know, you don't want to look past people and whatever else, but remember I've been training to fight for about 12 weeks. So I ain't looking past anyone, you know. I'm as prepared as can be and I already like I said, it's already written what's going to happen on Saturday. And yeah, Louie Edmondson, he's irrelevant to me now. I can forget him. Willy Hutchinson is a bigger scalp. So after that I'm I think I'm on and upwards. I'm looking at to be the best in the UK and I guess that I'm looking at Joshua Buatsi and Callum Smith after that. That's about it. Fair. Well, look. We can't wait for it. We know it's going to be a bangeroo fight on Saturday night. I'm sure I'm sure you can't wait for it just the same, but but listen, Ezra. Thank you for joining us. Thanks for being here. Stay calm. Enjoy Manchester. We'll see you Saturday night. Thank you, man. Appreciate it. Thank you, buddy. Thank you. Nice one, mate.