Kind: captions Language: en Congratulations. How &gt;&gt; how did that compare to the uh to the road? &gt;&gt; Uh they're a bit almost similar in a way, weren't they? Um yeah, look, I think individually they're special for different reasons to me that that Portman Road one that was not that it's hard to be topped, but that has a different sense of meaning to it for me. Um, but this is like this is I think I'm past the point of knowing like I don't know anymore. I'm just riding the wave. Um, look, it's it's been a wild ride, wild journey, and it's nowhere near finished yet. I've still got a lot more to do, a lot more I want to takeick off in the sport, and there's way more to come. &gt;&gt; Were you hurt in there at any point? &gt;&gt; No, I wasn't. And I don't want to say that to like take away from Joe because it's not that he's a soft puncher at all. I just wasn't hurt. I got caught being lazy. I got caught a bit wrong footed. I overcommitted with some shots and just got caught falling around a bit. Um, but I wasn't hurt. I wasn't buzzed. You saw the way I came into it in the second round. I didn't change anything for me. It wasn't any different. That sometimes in spaces my work can be a bit sloppy and I get a bit annoyed with myself and and let that get to me. But I wasn't hurt. I wasn't buzzed. I was fine. &gt;&gt; That's experience as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, it's funny. What am I now? 20 21 fights in. So, still learning on the job, guys. How did Marcus How feel? &gt;&gt; Uh, nothing too distinct. Again, it it sounds I'm taking a piss and I don't mean to. Um, but it wasn't nothing earthshattering. It wasn't nothing stunning. Didn't didn't take me by surprise at all. Um, it wasn't nothing new to me in that sense. And look, I I put that down to throwing myself in the deep end of sparring and things like that. And I know, look, don't get me wrong, it's very different. We got bigger gloves and headguard and stuff, but ultimately with 16, 17, 18, 19 stone boys and when we hit each other, when I'm inspired with some of the best in the world, them boys can crack. So, yeah, I'm I'm I'm used to getting hit. &gt;&gt; How excited are you to go there with &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, um I don't know how I how I put that one into words. Um that has been the goal for a number of years now. That's been the objective. That's been everything I've wanted. So, yeah, look, we're there. We're Yeah, look, it's it's a wild one to say, but one of the one of the generational talents, one of the best to ever do it on all the marbles. There's there's nothing more I could ask for. There's nothing more I could want within this sport. So, just like everything else that's led me here, all I've ever asked for is the opportunity. And I've got that. And I'm I'm not planning on stopping here. I'm not planning on getting in the ring of Lucy and going, "Look, thanks for having me and just rolling over. That's That's not what I'm about. I think you saw that tonight. So, yeah. Look, when when that bell does go, Musi do finally get in the ring, he's going to have to work for it. &gt;&gt; Is Wembley the dream for them for you? &gt;&gt; Uh, [sighs] yeah. [snorts] I don't know. I think I' I think I'd like to go overseas. I think I'd like to do somewhere somewhere overseas, bigger, something different. Maybe America. I haven't haven't been able to go over there yet. Something like that. I don't know. Ultimately, he could be in my back garden. I I wouldn't care. Like, tell us to turn up. Give him the directions to Ipsswitch. I'll give him my postcode. He can come find me. We can do it in the garden. I don't care. Like, as long as he's there, bring his belts. Let's get this on. &gt;&gt; He just take us to do the stop. &gt;&gt; Referee, you going to hurry up? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, I was I was I was letting I was look I was letting shots go and I was doing my best to try not to get too sloppy, but we was 11 rounds in. I'd already shipped a bunch of punches throughout the fight as well. Um, so I was trying I was in between staying composed and just letting my hands go, but I thought like [snorts] it was a bit of a now or never moment. Like I knew I knew I probably wasn't up on the cards, but it didn't phase me. It didn't bother me. I didn't mind that at all. Um, I knew that if I caught him, I could keep the gas on, keep the pressure on. I knew I hadve I've trained extremely hard for this. I'm extremely well conditioned. Um so I knew all I had to do was get my shots off, stay in front of him, and just keep landing punches. And yeah, look, maybe the ref could have called it a couple of shots earlier, whatever else, but we are where we are. &gt;&gt; What were your [snorts] thoughts when the gum shield came out at the end of the round, and it appeared as if maybe Parker had gotten off the hook there? &gt;&gt; It's tricks of the trade, isn't it? He's been in [snorts] this game for a long time. He's 40 fights in. you you pick up little little cute tricks like that, little ways to save yourself and and buy yourself some extra time and things. And in the moment, of course, it's aggravating, but look, it it doesn't deter me. It doesn't put me off. All if anything, it spurred me on to know that you needed a breather there. You needed a break that I hurt you when I was keeping the pressure on and you needed you needed a moment to compose yourself. So, all that did was spur me on to know that through the fight, all I have to do is get to you and then I can get you out of there. Fabian, you talked about the doubters that sort [snorts] of kept hovering over you through your career. Do you think you finally silenced those doubters? [laughter] [gasps] &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, um, [clears throat] I think I have, but I'm sure there'll be a number of articles, blogs, like whatever's written up tomorrow about how I was seconds away from losing or how I beat Parker, but I'm not going to beat you and this and that and whatever else. So, look, I'm not here to please everyone else. I'm I'm here [cough] to chase my dream, chase my journey. As long as I go home, that my family are happy with me. They love me. They're proud of me and my team are proud of everything I've done. I don't care with all due respect what any of you have to say. It was a great fight clearly and [cough] two in different directions. Do you give credit to Joe for putting up a great fight against &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Look, um, a huge, huge amount of credit because coming off the run he was on, coming off the build back he was on, he he didn't have to take this fight and there was a lot of people who didn't want to take this fight. I was I was at Frank for ages saying, "Who can I fight? Who can I fight? What's going on?" And that's how we landed on Joe because look, I just [cough] thought, "All right, cool. Let's just go to the top of the tree. Let's just [clears throat] let's just jump at that." Um, and we had all faith in that. And again, with the position that Joe was in, he didn't have to take this fight. I'm dangerous for a bunch of reasons, but all credit to him. I thank him from the bottom of my heart for the opportunity. Um, and look, I wish him well and I believe he can come again. So, look, hopefully we see him again. [snorts] &gt;&gt; The last one I think had a couple of days rest and by the Wednesday he was in in a maternity w having a baby. How are you going to celebrate this one? &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a bit of a different life now. I'm a dad. So, uh, this has been my first week away from my babe. So, it's been um yeah, it's been uh it's been a weird one. Um I haven't I've missed them tremendously. So, yeah, just looking back to [cough] &gt;&gt; Can I ask you from your journey? It's been a mad one from the [snorts] first time you picked up the gloves and now is there anything on that whole journey change at all? &gt;&gt; No. All the bumps in the road have been like they've been what's made me. all the like the delays when I first started out with my career and my debut being like rescheduled a bunch of times and me like me not having the right management team to start off and then finding magic deal with the team and the guys and everything built me and built resilience all the setbacks all of you guys just saying I'm a white color guy I'm not going to do that well all of that builds resilience builds callus and that's why when I'm in the ring on the night I don't care if it's not going my way I don't care if the judges don't have me up I believe in me I know the people around me believe in me and all of that has built resilience for me to come through and look it's all been proven. &gt;&gt; Frank, just for yourself, you've always had a handwritable to any of you worked with working for heavyweight. No, [snorts] he's as I said earlier on, we he he's not had any amateur experience as such and was it 20 fights as a pro learning as he says on the job and each fight he's had he's gone up a level and he's not just gone up a level he's beat he's beat all of them he's beat all of them and done it in style and he's you know I've said it again I'm going to bore you with it his words takes a second at those 36 minutes to change a fight. He's done it. I mean, I've seen you do it the last two fights and does it and he's got resilience. [clears throat] He's got he's got unbelievable heart. He's got an unbelievable engine. And the word he uses again is he maintains his composure. He can get caught a couple of times, but he gets his composure back. the other day Rob when you did the panel show with us &gt;&gt; and I talked to you I asked you about those lurham the scene is small and I won't name them but the other fighters said there's no loyalty in captain and [snorts] if he loses he'll be sacked &gt;&gt; now I'm sure it was cheap but I mean &gt;&gt; it wasn't [laughter] &gt;&gt; but but but genuinely the loyalty that he's shown to you know I know he works with Ben as well but to take him to an undisputed heavyweight world title is incredible It's brilliant. You've got like from white collar to world tile. You can't make it up. He's going to be challenging for the undisputed four belts and it hasn't happened since Lennox Lewis in 1999. So, we're going to have another &gt;&gt; three belts. &gt;&gt; Three belts. &gt;&gt; This is four. This is the best. [snorts] &gt;&gt; And Rob, you said in the same one you're talking now, you were game planning for Joseph Parker two years ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just talk to me about that time. &gt;&gt; Well, after the fight, we had David Adel Joseph fight &gt;&gt; then we went on we had the two fights with Frraasier then Joseph went on that incredible run but he's always on the back of our minds and we thought you know to fight the number two was our goal. How much have you obviously you've watched us, you watched a lot of Lucy. How much have you watched him and thought and sort of dissected him yourself and will you watch him differently now? You know that [clears throat] he's he's opponent. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, of course I haven't. Don't get me wrong, I'm not sitting there up late at night watching and breaking down his footage in films um for however long he's been at it. I've been watching him as a fan. Um I haven't been distracted by that that very golden carrot that is obviously the next opportunity for me. So, we haven't we haven't been looking around for all of this camp and all the buildup. I look at the immediate. I look what's in front of me. Um, so no, I haven't sat down and dissected him and looked through him yet, but that's that's a that's a job for next year. &gt;&gt; We had a bit of a joke before the fight talking about Usyk and his tendency to kind of beat all the Brits and you love [snorts] and said, "Oh, well, it's my turn next and I'm going to be the one that will beat me." How does it feel realizing that you actually are our next in line now to beat him and you could be the one that gets that win for the Brits because so many big names, AJ, Fury, Tony, everyone has tried and hasn't come out and won it. How does it feel knowing that you're have the nation's hopes kind of on your shoulders now? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, yeah, it's a wild one when you uh when you piece it all together like that. But look, I'm I'm the next one up. I'm the next one at it. I've got big broad shoulders, so that's fine by me. I'll carry all the pressure. There's no problem. Um, but I'm something different. I think we've thrown enough of the kind of not to say any of those guys are are similar or the normal usual, whichever else, but they all come from similar backgrounds, similar ways of doing things, and I come from a different school or or a non school, however you want to call it. Um, so look, we've thrown all the kind of the usual guys at him, our top our top dogs and whatever. So yeah, look, let me have a crack with something different. See where we end up. &gt;&gt; Frank, just one for you as well. That part with us didn't seem to kind of excite in the way that he wanted Parker spent ages calling out and it never really kind of materialized. Do you think this is the sort of fight that Usyk needed, the sort of excitement that he needed a challenge of a big, you know, puncher like Fabio to get him excited to get him to accept a fight like this? &gt;&gt; Um, [clears throat] well, one thing's for sure. It'll be a fight that everybody wants to see now for for the for the dynamic of the fight. What will happen? Um, do I think he want would want it? I think he'd prefer an easier job. Oh, anyway, if I was [clears throat] him, um, he said that he wants to carry on and he's got and he have to do it. And it's really simple. We're either going to do the fight or not. And the only reason it won't happen is if he says no and then he will have to vacate or give up the title. And if he does that, he becomes the champion, WBO champion. He becomes world champion. I'm sure he don't want to win a title like that. But it's win-winwin. It's either going to happen or it's not, but whatever happens, he's got a chance of becoming the world champion. He's either going to be for one belt or the four belts. How would you feel if that if he were upgrading? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, it's not the it's not the way I'd want things to go, but ultimately I'd still see myself as a world champion because look, if that was to happen, if Usychi was to drop the belt look a day earlier than this, then Joe would have picked it up. We would have fought for it. I would have beat Joe Naid and a world champion and and everyone would have called me a world champion then on. So if whatever in a few weeks, few months USA goes no and drops the belt, then I'm still going to regard myself as a world champion because look, I beat the number two in the world. I don't know what more I don't know what more you need to be a world champion. I beat the second best heavyweight in the world. So yeah, look, I I would I would happily call myself that, but it's not the way I want things. You you know how I do things in the ring. I want to earn it. I want to fight for it. So yeah, look, um I'd much rather uh win that belt in the ring. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Fabio, it's well documented that Usyk calls his left hand Ivan. He's got a name for it. Have you got a name for your right hand at all? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; I have, but I can't tell you. [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Second best friend. &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry. I got punched in the head for a bit. Things are a bit scrambled. Apologies. Say one more. Was &gt;&gt; there a moment in the fight late when you realized that you were turning the tide? Like Frank even had you down four rounds by the time you got to stoppage. When did you know that this momentum was shifting your way? &gt;&gt; Um, if I'm giving a fair thing, I think it was eb and flowing through the fight. It was ups and downs. Um, all I needed was that second round to know I could hurt him, to know I had him going, to know I could get him out of there, to know that my if my punch lands clean, he's going to get going. So that was all I needed throughout the rest of the fight. if if every other round didn't go my way, the same mentality, the same focus, same concentration as just look, get to the get to the end, get to the target, make make him make him miss, make him pay, hurt him. Um, and I believed all the way through that I could get him out of there. &gt;&gt; Are you thinking about how many rounds you have left as you get to the quarter, the last quarter of the fight? &gt;&gt; No. No. Every round is about this [cough] round. Every round is is the last round to me. I'm not I'm not [clears throat] taking rounds in there. Have a round off. Chill out. All right, it's a 12 round fight. H just take it easy. Maybe in the middle rounds, come back around strong. Every round is is the 12th round to me. Every round is a championship round. So, I'm treating them all the same. Like, I went I went at him. I shipped 20 20 odd punches at him in the second round. That's not a man who's being conservative. I'm I'm trying to get people out of there. You said to me before the fight that people would be distracted by your knockouts, by your power, and not give you credit for being somewhat of a a technical fighter as well, or at least having skills. I thought the body work was what got you that stoppage late. Was that part of the game plan to work the body like that? And do you think now that again with this kind of stoppage, people will not acknowledge that you do have skills? Yeah, look, um I think there was a lot of moments in that fight where I was I was out boxing Joe or at least boxing on a level with him um and and boxing very well. I was winning rounds, picking shots, picking moments, sticking to the game plan very well. Um but he's a great fighter. So, look, there was es and flows in the fight. It was peaks and valleys. But yeah, I proved my boxing skill in that fight. Again, like I say, against the second best heavyweight in the world, but would I get the credit for it? Probably not because of the way the fight ended and and the KO and the drama and everything else. But that's fine for me. Me, my team, everyone around me knows my boxing skills. I don't need everyone else to know or or give me a pat on the back for it. I'm just going to stay winning fights. &gt;&gt; You finished that. Thank you everyone. [applause]