Kind: captions Language: en Right, it is the big fight week here at Portman Road. I'm with two people who don't need any introduction around here, but I'm going to do it anyways. In the blue corner, we have got one of the most exciting heavyweights in the world. And now a real contender to the throne, Fabio Waldley. And of course, we've got the club skipper here, Sam Moy. And we're going to get them to do a face off. So, off we go, boys. Get [Music] closer. That was quite serious there. I thought you just laugh straight away. I might have to get you on a bill soon, [Music] Sam. Okay. So the first question Sam is true or false of course we're doing Fabio once tried for Ipsswitch Towns Academy. True. Bingo. Correct. Um in his pro career he's only gone the distance with Fraser Clark in their first fight. True or false? True. It's false. And Fabio Fabio's pro debut was cancelled 5 minutes before he was about to go into the ring. True. Correct. Okay. Fabio, attention turns to you. Sam was born in Egypt. True or false? True. False. You seem backward. I was like, hang on. I thought I thought Yeah. Easy one. First one. Lovely. Sam scored more goals for Wigan than he has for Richard. True. Of course. True. False. Not very good this. I hope your L's better on Saturday night. No. Okay, last one here. Sam has achieved promotion five times throughout his career. One, two. True. Got that one. Yes. [Music] So, it's Ipsswitch Town trivia. Okay. What year did I switch win the UEFA Cup? 62. No. A1. Correct. I was going to be wrong. Who is Ipsswitch's alltime leading scorer? I know this. Um, can I give a clue? Can I surname is linked with Well, it's the same as a very top boxer right now. Poundforound guy, I'd say, if not pound for pound. I actually see him about all the time as well. He's terrible at who's active right now. So, that could help you. Oh, why have you spun me? That's that's made it harder. I think I haven't got it. We both given up here. Yeah, that's the boxing things put me off. I've got first name Ray. I don't know. No. Ray Crawford. I know. I I didn't know that. Okay. What club did Kieran McKenna used to play for at youth level? Great finger. That was no lesson about Jesus. He said it before I answer the question. Who was Ipssw's top scorer in the 2022 2023 season? Kibar. Oh, 2022. 2022 like two seasons ago. Um, kind of ch correct. God, you're struggling. I am. I am. Let's see if you can redeem yourself for the last one here. Okay. Who's it? Which is the most expensive signing ever? I'm just It's not Amari. Nope. Oh, Jayen Filig. Yeah, correct. Oh, yeah. that summer window. Well, he's done you there. Yeah, he has. Can we do a boxing one? Okay. So, what we're going to do here in 30 seconds, you both have to explain why for you, boxing is a better sport than football and for yourself, football's a better sport than boxing. It's the sense of being on your own. Um, with football, you've got teammates. You can you can have a moment off. You can have a break. You can have a rest. You can maybe put the blame on someone else or whatever else. It all you can kind of shift things to the side, but with boxing, it's um it's just you. You're on your own. You're all kind of one man band in there. And if it all goes great, you get all the credit. And if it all goes south, it's all on your shoulders. So, it's that kind of jeopardy of you get all the glory or you get all the booze. [Music] What if I think boxing's better? No, football. It's It's about the team. It's about the unity, the camaraderie, the highs, the lows. It's uh depending on your brother to help you. It's going against another 20 people or in a stadium. It's going against fans, coaches, have players, and it's you and your teammates on the pitch. But within that, the individuality of your own things and how you can affect the game. But it's also the polarity of you can have a great game and lose and you can have a bad game and somebody can get you out of trouble and win. Both good answers. I thought Fabio put a very good point about you're on your own there essentially. But then you spoke Sam about the camaraderie that, you know, leaning on people. I'm going to have to decide here. And I'm a big football fan, but I would say I'm a casual football fan. Boxing is my favorite sport. I'm going to have to give it to Fabio. Plus, he needed a win anyway to be quite honest. So, I'm going to give it to to boxing. I'm going to give it to Fabio. So, the winner is Fabio Waldley. Right at the death, he comes out with a a big knockout win. Maybe that might happen in the Justice Uni fight on Saturday. Who knows? He'll want it to go early, but we shall see. Congratulations, Fabio Waldley. G winner. Come on. So, I'm delighted to say it is fight week. Fabio Wley, who sits beside me here, takes on Justice Honey in a worldass heavyweight fight here at Portman Road. It's going to be banged out. A huge occasion for Ipsswitch here. Fabio Waldley's bought them out in numbers. I'm delighted to say I've got the main man here as well, the skipper Sam Moy. Um look, Fabio's going into this um fight here at Portman Road. He's dreamed of this having his home crowd. He's grew up here. He's IPS switch through and through. Um just talk to me when you step on a pitch, Sam, about the atmosphere that Portman Road creates because we're hoping to see some of that on Saturday. Yeah, it's um it's been an incredible atmosphere for a number of years now and um the fans really get behind their own which they'll get behind Fab. Um they believe in him, they love him like one of the players and it's going to be special. They're going to be there in the numbers and he's going to feel that support and the love for it. Right, Fabio, question for you here. So in your time at the academy here, what exactly happened? Just break it down. Um, I got scouted when I was playing like a Saturday football when I was quite young. I think I was about 11, 12, something like that. Um, I think because of my size, because I was bigger than all the kids, but if I'm being honest, football wasn't my sport. I wasn't I was I was all right. I could kick a ball and whatever else, but I wasn't that great. Um, and I think the kind of the the nail in the coffin was like there was one time when we were playing against another academy and the the coach at the time asked me to play center half, but I was about 11 or 12 or something. I didn't know what I didn't know what center half meant. So I was like, "Oh, I don't want to say that cuz I'll sound stupid." So you know what? I'll just I'll put it together in my head. Center half, right? Cool. So he wants me to play in the center halfway up the pitch, right? So he wants me to play center mid. Cool. So his mind he's put me center back and I'm running around halfway up the pitch covering all the grass there is running everywhere cuz I'm trying hard and then yeah that was the last time I uh that was the last time I played a game for the academy and they think they a couple of weeks later they quietly took me to the side and was like uh don't worry about coming back. Did you ever get into a scratch on the pitch? Not on the pitch. Nah. Um, but weirdly on the pitch I never really like I always got stuck into tackles and everything like that, but I never got into a fight with anyone cuz I was like everyone always postures like we're not actually going to have a fight. So like why am I even pretending like I'm flaring up with you. So no, not on the pitch. This is outside of maybe a fixture here. Obviously the season's ended, but a fixture here for these boys or an Ed Sheeran moment. It doesn't really get bigger for this city in this club. Yeah. Which is a funny thing to kind of think of or put together when it's my name attached to it. Um, it's a weird one from just being the kid who would come here, watch a game and and support the lads in that sense and then 15, 20 years later, however long, it's it's a U-turn to I'm I'm the one on the pitch and the crowd's cheering for me. So yeah, the 7th of June is going to be a um it's going to be a special night on a number of levels for a number of reasons, but um something I'm I'm incredibly proud and incredibly privileged to have my name attached to and be a part of. When I say Ipsswitch, what does it mean to you? Home. Home sweet home. Especially like especially the club as well here feels like home. one because of the relationship I have with the players, the the staff, management, whoever here. Um, but because obviously it's my hometown, born and bred, grew up here. I've got memories here from being a kid. And then memories that I'm creating here as an adult are um are crazy. Like you say, never never really thought they'd come off like this. So yeah, I think a simple word for it is just home. Feels like home sweet home. Yeah, it's um like hearing Fab speak about that it it sort of sounds similar. Although obviously I've only been here four years, but it does feel like that the way the fans have talked to us and supported us and it's never the journey is never straightforward. It's never easy. There's good times, bad times, but the fact that the whole club stuck together like in relegations, look, you can get booed off and fans can rip up season tickets and all that, but the way the people have stuck with us, it forever will be feel like my club and feel like home. When you are maybe struggling in a game here, you're down at Halime. Genuinely, how much can the crowd push a team on? Yeah, you need it. And and a lot a lot of cases, a lot of football clubs when you're not doing well and you need the fans, they're not there. They're boo booing you and disgruntled noises, but our fans have stuck behind us and you do need that. You need that when it's not going well, when it's flat and you haven't got your rhythm and you're getting torn apart by the other team by feeling that the roar of the crowd and the emotion and it gets you going. I'll always remember Southampton away last year. The fans were incredible. That was the best atmosphere I've probably been involved in to be honest and they undoubtedly helped helped us and we ended up getting a last minute winner. We know Justice is a world-class operator. He's got a very good amateur pedigree. There might be at times certain rounds where he's boxing really well and you may not say you want to, but you may need that crowd in there. So yeah, that could come into play. How do you think he's going to cope as well coming here, Justice? Yeah, I think that's a big question mark at the moment as to how he's going to cope and manage the situation because especially in his professional career, this is probably the biggest biggest show, biggest event, biggest occasion he's ever been a part of. So maybe the lights will get too bright, maybe the pressure will get too much because for me it's great. I'm out there in front of thousands of fans screaming, trying and supporting me. Whereas for him it's the complete opposite. They're booing him. He's barely got a fan in the stadium. So, it's going to be a different feeling for him. Um, and how if he manages to deal with that will be a huge huge question mark and a huge factor for the night. Yeah, I I remember being I was there was a couple of times like I was sat with my my stepdad had used to have a season ticket over there and I remember sitting over there with him early days. No, it was definitely that was not anywhere in the kind of dreams, aspirations what I was looking for at that point. I thought I might be on the pitch playing. That dream died pretty quickly. But yeah, it's um that's a funny U-turn of life and how things all turn around and how you end up here. It's one of the best atmospheres in the country you can go to. It's going to be electric. Um the fans are going to be in full force getting behind one of their own and um it's going to be a historic night. This man here, we we've talked about it to death really. Um probably sick of hearing it now, but the the white he knew it was coming. the white collar stuff and he's not meant to be here. What I mean by that is really if you're selling out a football stadium, you should really be an Olympian or someone that everyone was talking about in the amateurs. He's completely opposite to that. So, how much respect do you have considering he was once there as a white collar fighter probably just doing it for a bit of fun? I I mean I've always found fighters especially more sort of interesting to me than footballers or say like if you give me the choice to sort of watch and study a fighter and how they prepare and their training or their lifestyle compared to a footballers I'd always watch the fighters I really love watching them because he's just so interesting so different for some reason it just fascinates me but in terms of like Fab Shurnney it's unheard of really from the white collar stuff I know spoke about you're probably annoyed. Everyone speaks about it. Um but it it's historic really. Everyone talks about it because it just hasn't been done the way he's done it. And to now be fighting at a world class level and the ripples he's making in boxing and like you said to sell out and stay at a football stadium again it's historic. It's the best of the best. So, it's a huge respect for him and his resilience and his talent and the way he's had to overcome setbacks and um you know overcome probably people labeling him putting him in a box of a white collar fighter and overcome that to get to sort of the worldass frequencies is he's now sort of like flirting with and hoping to become. So, he's going to the top of the game in his sport which is only only the select few can do it. Only the elite can do it. Um I was listening to somebody the other day, I can't remember. I think it was um he's actually a good friend of mine speaking. Ty Mitchell was speaking about for some reason everyone thinks every bloke thinks they can fight, don't they? Everyone thinks everyone thinks no, they'll be okay. Yeah, get me in a scaffold. I'll get mad and I'll get angry. But the reality is these guys, man, the killers, you know what I mean? They're the best of the best in this world where everyone thinks they can fight. Nah, these guys can fight. the rest of the people can't. So, no, it's um huge amount of respect for what he's doing and his history. He'd be a good boxing promoter, wouldn't he? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sitting there thinking, I need him in the change room. He's gearing me up. I'm getting really excited about fight night now. Um look, he it's not for him to think about because I said this is biggest step up for Justice. He's a top class, worldass fighter. But the journey we've just touched upon there, he is one fight away if all goes well for him on on Saturday night from an Usyk, a Daniel Dubois and and fighting for that potentially undisputed crown. And that could land at Wembley Stadium. I mean, that would be nothing short of incredible. It would be incredible. But for the big man, it's just the next fight, isn't it? Just going in there ice cold, not thinking about the future and what could be, and just thinking about the job at hand. And um I'm sure he will get the job done by a knockout. Um yeah. Yeah. And I believe so. I believe we get him out of there, but obviously it's it's a world class opponent. Like nothing nothing's easy in sport and in life, but I think he'll do it. Um but yeah, I think just think all the focus and the energy should just be on the night. touched upon it at the the presser with Justice and when Eddie rocked up and he said Frank Warren and George Warren don't normally get it wrong, but they've made a mistake this time. They've got too comfortable and uh they don't know why you've selected Justice Honey. So, yeah, just your thoughts and response to that, Fabia. Yeah, I think Ed's right in that sense. They don't get much wrong and I think like that's why they picked Justice because they know they know what I'm capable of. They know the levels I can reach. to know the levels I aspire to as well. And for me, don't get me wrong, Justice is a great operator, a great boxer, a good amateur record, and good career so far. But that's where it stops for him is versus me. And they've seen that. They know that. They know me. And don't get me wrong, Ed's doing his job as as Justice as promoter. But I think deep down, he saw me from them early parts of my career as well. He saw the talent there and and the the bit that was behind the level I was fighting out and how much I could achieve. So, I think he knows deep down that I'm the right man for this job. So, yeah, look, he's doing his good job of of being the right promoter on that side for now. But when it comes to fight night, I think he he'll I think he'll own up and be like, "Yeah, we kind of knew that that Fab was always going to come through." Well, seeing that postfight interview, we Yeah. Well, listen, it's been a pleasure to firstly meet you, Sam, and and spend some time with you, Fabio. We've been doing this for quite a while now, and I'll probably have another one of you on fight too long. There you go. But it's not long to go now here at Portman Road, a soldout stadium. Fabio Wley, Justice Uni, world title implications on this fight as well. And it is Frank Warren vi. We look forward to it live on the zone worldwide this Saturday