Kind: captions Language: en Fabio Wardley. Um, that was just something special in the 10th round when I saw you, you know, point to the ground and say, "Come on then. I don't think I've ever seen anything like that." Um, describe what you were thinking in that moment. Look, I I said in the buildup as well, like that other voice in my head sometimes wins. And I was staying to the plan. I was staying focused all the way through and and looking in that one, in that round, in that moment, that voice won over. It said, "Okay, fine. Let's do this then." 20,000 people didn't come out to see see me give it up so easily. Let's throw down. Let's give the people what they want to see. &gt;&gt; But listen, Fabio, that's backto-back fights where, you know, you've been in a war, you're argu arguably behind. What is it that makes you kind of pull pull it out of the bag every time? Look, the judges are nice to be there ringing side and whatever else, but I don't need them. They don't they don't points on the board don't mean nothing to me. I'm not there to point score. I'm not there to coast my way to a victory. I'm there to get rid of people. I'm a heavyweight. I'm there to take people out. And I was just saying to, you know, your manager, Magic, some people ringside. Coming from a background of four white collar fights to fighting and beating and finishing the second best heavyweight in the world, it might be one of the most special uh stories we've ever seen in boxing. &gt;&gt; Is that how you see it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, I don't know. I got into this game pretty late, so I don't know all the great stories, but if it's not if it's not number one, number two, whatever, it's definitely up there. But, um, again, like I said before, it's all credit to my team as well. It's it's my face. It's me in the ring, but there's a number of people behind me supporting me. Now, all the the in the buildup, all the talk was this fight, the winner is going to get Alexander Usyk. Do is that the fight you want next? And if you fight Alexander Usyk, do you think you can do the same thing to him? Yeah, look, that's a that's a it's a crazy question because look, there's nothing better in this sport. That is what it's all for. It's one of the one of the generational talents, one of the best to ever do it with all the belts, there's there's nothing more I could ask for. So, yeah. Look, I I'm just waiting for the phone to ring. &gt;&gt; And listen, when you first stepped into the ring as a white collar boxer, did you ever in your wildest dreams imagine that you would get to this stage? &gt;&gt; Uh, maybe not at the beginning. As the fights have grown, the belief has grown, the the ambition has grown, and yeah, for a while now, I've known I've wanted to be at the top of this sport, and I'm I'm doing I'm I'm conquering everything in front of me, doing whatever it takes to get there. &gt;&gt; Just a word on your team. Obviously, Rob Hodins, he's been with you from the start. Um, Magic, Dillian, how much of those guys meant in this sort of journey? &gt;&gt; Yeah, them boys were everything. Look, um, there's I know again, like I said, I know it's me in the ring. It's my face everywhere, but all them boys are shoulderto-shoulder with me, right behind me, pushing me, encouraging me, coaching, giving me advice, whatever it is. Um, it takes a team. I know it's again, it's me in the ring, but behind me is all these great people, too. Um, for any young fighter that, you know, they might be a late starter, they might, you know, not have had the illustrious amateur background, but they wanted to, you know, go on and do what you've done. What would you say to them? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, look at me. I'm not I'm not saying I'm the golden boy or nothing, but I'm saying look, if you look at me, my journey, there's a way to make it. There's a way to do this thing. So, stay committed, give yourself to the sport, and and boxing will give you everything back. &gt;&gt; A word on Joe, you know, he's he's a worry himself. It was a it was a good uh you know performance from him but it just wasn't enough against you tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look um he he didn't have to take this fight and he's he's a great man in the sport and someone I admire as well for his journey, his career, the way he picked himself back up and has gone again. Um so again, thank you to Joe, thank you to Andy Lee, to his team for having the balls, the ambition, the courage to take this fight. But tonight was my night. Fabio, a special special performance. Enjoy your night and we hope to see you out against Alexander Usyk next. Cheers, mate.