Kind: captions Language: en Right, David, your reaction to that knockout. That was something truly unbelievable. That was a good fight to watch. That was a good fight. I think Joe should have just taken a knee there. But um yeah, he was he was trying to avoid his shots, but what he kept coming if he did what he had to do. And thank you for speaking to us. Dillian, you're a man. You've been with him through from the start. That was something special, wasn't it? Hey, I hate watching Bio fight, man, because it's nerve rocking until he does this, you know? He just put it out of the bag. What? What? What a what a performance. And listen, you're known as the man that has that dog in him. Yeah. In the 10th round, he pointed to the ground and said, "Let's have it." Is that just something you can't teach? You can't teach. You know, Fabio Fabio is always great in him, man. Let's the first I need a biscuit. &gt;&gt; I don't know how he does it. I don't know how he does it. &gt;&gt; He's unbelievable, isn't he, Frank? I mean, he's, you know, that was he was a good four rounds behind and he just pauses it takes him one second. He's just got something you can't teach. Right, let's get to some of Fabio's teammates. Wow. I said after the Hoon fight, the celebrations from you lot was amazing. I bet it was even better then. Absolutely like electric. The the man has heart for days. I was gassing him up on the um on the what's the one the on the public work. I said that's greatness right there. You didn't expect anything less, did you? Come on. Come on. As you just got something you just can't teach. Not really. He's a tough bastard and a punch. Put it together and that's what you get. Some boy the desires on real greatness. I told you teammate all the teammates on greatness. Who's sick next? Out of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] newly box. &gt;&gt; Right. We've That is the reaction from that is the reaction from Fabio's teammates here. &gt;&gt; We've got Moses here. If we're going to Moses, what's up? &gt;&gt; You know, I saw your reaction to that Hoon fight. It was it was electric. Your reaction to that. That must have been even better. &gt;&gt; Bro, do you know what it is? Like the second round I thought he's had him out of there. Third round I thought he's out of there. Then I probably did give him no rounds until maybe around 10 or something. I was just like that guy is one tough cookie once. He's a that's a bad man. But listen, that moment in the temp where he pointed to the ground and said, "Listen, I I might be behind, but let's let's have it." That's you got to be some you got to be built different. &gt;&gt; All by name, all by nature, in it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And listen, what's next for him? Do you think he Do you think he can go on and fight Usyk next? &gt;&gt; Bro, he deserves it. He beat He beat Adel, beat Clark twice, beat Hoon, &gt;&gt; bro. He just knocked out Parker as well. So, &gt;&gt; come on, man. Give the Give the man a title shot. &gt;&gt; That was a good fight for him. &gt;&gt; Why did Listen, I called it. &gt;&gt; No, you don't understand. No, no, I'm serious. I've been saying Fabio Wy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've been saying Fobio wins cuz I know that Fabio is a tough tough [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Derek. Eric, has he got something inside him? Probably something that you have yourself that you can't. &gt;&gt; I've known Fabio for since you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] amateur. He's a tough person, a tough guy. Did you think that it was, you know, he was behind on the cars? He was behind on the cars. Did you think it was running away from him that fight or No, he was going to knock him out cuz Joseph didn't have it. Joseph didn't have the explosiveness. He's been lifting too much weight and he didn't have the explosiveness. Did you see that moment in round 10 where Wardley pointed to the ground and he said, "Listen, I know I might be behind, but let's let's go to war. Let's have it. That's all you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] went to war with me. We going to beat it now. Um, listen. Fabio Warley versus Daniel Dubis. Fight I would love to see. &gt;&gt; That's a good fight. &gt;&gt; That is a great fight. I agree with that. &gt;&gt; That's a good fight. Daniel Dubois versus Fabio. Good fight, &gt;&gt; Derek. Thank you for speaking to us. Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; Right. Let's see who else we've got ringside. &gt;&gt; Right. I'm seeing I'm seeing Hamza. I'm seeing Hamza Shirz. Uh Hamza, if we could just grab a word. &gt;&gt; You know, commiserations for your teammate. But &gt;&gt; that was a special performance. You know, Parker had a good performance himself, but that was something special from it. Will come down to who wanted him more. They both spent. Um what a great fight. Yeah, man. Um one of them ones in it. What a good fight though as a boxing fan. What a great fight. &gt;&gt; You know, I know you know Parker is your teammate, so it's hard. is a hard one for you. But this story with Wardley coming from a white collar boxer to fighting the second beating the second best heavyweight in the world is it one of the best stories we've ever seen in boxing. Got to be up there in it. Got to be up there and can you imagine he lands a right hand on Usyk. The thing is you can't doubt the guy now. It's one of you can't doubt him. um he seems to consistently pull off the upsets and when you consistently do that you become a champion. So sounds crazy now but I wouldn't be surprised if he pulls up a magical upset against us. &gt;&gt; So is that a hamster quote uh Fabio Wall he can knock out Alexander? &gt;&gt; He can cuz he can he can bang, man. He can bang. Um and I'm not writing him off anymore. I'm not writing off anymore. You can't. &gt;&gt; Hamza, thank you for speaking to us. top man. Right, that was Hamza Shirz saying that potentially um potentially Fabio Wardley after coming from a white collar background, Fabio Wardley could. We're just getting our cameraman through here saying that Fabio Wardley could potentially do the same that he, you know, he just did to Yeah, we've got them already. the same he just did to Joseph Parker, to the great Alexander Usyk. We're just waiting now for Fabio to get done with his interview. As you can imagine, the atmosphere when he when he stopped that fight was amazing. You know, I personally have never seen not just a story coming from, you know, where he's come from, you know, the white collar fight. I've never seen a moment like that in boxing. In my opinion, he was behind. And that's two fights now where Fabio Wardley has be has been behind. But Fabio Wardley has that dog in it. Fabio Wardley has something special. And yeah, let's just let's just wait now. We're going to we're going to speak to Fabio. Commiserations to commiserations to Joseph Parker because it was a great performance. We've got Roy Stew Barney Smith. You've got your own win on the board tonight, but maybe Fabio topped it. &gt;&gt; That was something special tonight. And honestly, he deserves everything everything tonight. He deserves it. He deserves He puts the work in. He trains his eye out and he got too much ticker for anybody. &gt;&gt; Sorry, mate. How special is he? I said this throwback's here. He is a throwback. He's a Martiano, Jack Deni, chin, heart, everything. He's got everything. Love it. He doesn't know what he's beaten in the 10th round when he pointed to the ground and he said, you know, maybe I'm behind, but let's let's have it. Let's let's have it out. He's a warrior. He's a warrior. Don't make him like that no more. You know, like 1930s, 1940s, 1950s. Mariano, he that's what he is. He's got the chin and the heart. He doesn't know. He doesn't He doesn't know how to lose and he won't lose. Fabio Wardley's come from a white collar background to beating the second best heavyweight in the world. Is that one of the best stories we've ever seen in boxing? &gt;&gt; Mate, it's unbelievable. He's a Cinderella man, son. He's a Cinderella man. So proud of him. Really happy for him. Thank you. &gt;&gt; He's done it to the second best. Can he do it to the first best in alli? &gt;&gt; And it's Anderus. Difficing down on Fabio. You know, I don't know what it is, but if there's something there, he's a Cinderella man. That's all I can say. Okay. The Cinderella Man story. Mariano Jack Dempsey rolled into one. Let's work. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Barry. That's Barry Smith describing Fabio as a a Cinderella story. Magic. &gt;&gt; Do you want to jump in? &gt;&gt; Magic. &gt;&gt; Voice is gone. Sorry, my voice. &gt;&gt; I bet your voice is gone. But Magic, listen. You've been with him from the start. How special is this man? And how special is the story coming from where you guys have come from to to now? &gt;&gt; It's it's it's a dream come true. Do you know what I'm saying? It's a dream come true. Moments like this is what we dream of. Do you know what I mean? And to see him do it, to see him achieve it like I said this was going to happen. Do you know? He's got so much belief in himself. He's got unwavering heart. He took the shots and kept moving forward and he delivered his punishment. &gt;&gt; How does he do it in backto back fights? you know, he is he was probably behind on the cars, but what you know, how do you muster up that, you know, mentality to to pull that out of the back and and and I think I said it in a press conference, that's one of his gifts mentally. He can't be beaten. He doesn't switch off and he constantly believes in himself, you know, and I think, yeah, it's just a beautiful moment. I'm just so happy to be a a small part of the journey and to watch a young man achieve his dreams when nobody said that he can do it. Everyone written him off. You know, it's only the team that really believed in him and and he done it. Another thing he said in the press conference is if Fabio lands on any heavyweight in the world's chin, he will knock them out. He's knocked out the second best in the world, can he knock out the first best in the world, Alexander Usi? &gt;&gt; Yeah, why not? Why not? Like I I keep saying, these guys are not demigods, you know, it's a heavyweight. Usyk is in a different league. Yes. But again, when you're dealing with somebody who's who's mentally as strong as Fabio, you can never write him off. &gt;&gt; Let's bring in let's bring in Dillio. &gt;&gt; And this is, you know, obviously Fabio's done his thing, but you two have had a massive part to play in his career. What made you believe in him early on? &gt;&gt; You know what? He came as far just the way he moved, how awkward he was. I know he had this he was like elastic band his bang power and the way he moved and I just I just had a vibe from him. He had him j I just had a vibe and I told him I said to him, "Bro, you're something special. I'm just glad that he's proven it to himself and showed it to the rule." But I already knew this from you a long time ago. That's I signed him. I was just saying to Magic, you know, he's done it to the second best heavyweight in the world, arguably. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can he do that to the first best heavyweight in the world, Alexander Usi? &gt;&gt; Why not? Why not? You know, why why not? You know, he's a danger man all the way through and he carry power and and he shows when he get guys hurt, he can finish. So why why why can't he? &gt;&gt; And magic for you. Is that the fight that you're going to be looking to make next? &gt;&gt; Of course. That is the that is the the only fight out there that makes sense for him now. He took on this challenge. He overcame this challenge. Now it's time for us. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you very much, guys. Uh and congratulations, massive congratulations. You you guys have done a a special job yourselves. So congratulations. Congratulations. &gt;&gt; Right. That is Look, let's just get this moment here. Them shaking hands, you know, that's you know, the result of years of of hard work, believing in a young man in in Fabio Wardley, you know, that not many people would have believed in. um a man that he had only had four white collar fights, but these two men, you know, they saw something in him. And that's the beauty of boxing. You know, boxing can really create these moments where especially in the heavyweight division, you know, you can do all the training, you can do the the have all the amateur experience, but if you have that heart, you have the ability to stop the show at any at any moment. And that's what Fabio Wardley's done. Fabio Wardley. Um, that was just something special in the 10th round when I saw you, you know, point to the ground and say, "Come on then. I don't think I've ever seen anything like that." Um, describe what you were thinking in that moment. Look, I I said in the buildup as well, like that other voice in my head sometimes wins. And I was staying to the plan. I was staying focused all the way through and and looking in that one in that round, in that moment, that voice won over. It said, "Okay, fine. Let's do this then." 20,000 people didn't come out to see see me give it up so easily. Let's throw down. Let's give the people what they want to see. &gt;&gt; But listen, Fabio, that's backto-back fights where, you know, you've been in a war. You're argu arguably behind. What is it that makes you kind of pull pull it out of the bag every time? Look, the judges are nice to be there ringing side and whatever else, but I don't need them. They don't they don't points on the board don't mean nothing to me. I'm not there to point score. I'm not there to coast my way to a victory. I'm there to get rid of people. I'm a heavyweight. I'm here to take people out. And I was just saying to, you know, your manager, Magic, some people ringside, coming from a background of four white collar fights to fighting and beating and finishing the second best heavyweight in the world, it might be one of the most special uh stories we've ever seen in boxing. &gt;&gt; Is that how you see it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, I don't know. I got into this game pretty late, so I don't know all the great stories, but if it's not if it's not number one, number two, whatever, it's definitely up there. But, um, again, like I said before, it's all credit to my team as well. It's it's my face. It's me in the ring, but there's a number of people behind me supporting me. Now, all the the in the buildup, all the talk was this fight, the winner is going to get Alexander Usyk. Do is that the fight you want next? And if you fight Alexander Usyk, do you think you can do the same thing to him? Yeah, look, that's a that's a that's a crazy question because look, there's nothing better in this sport. That is what it's all for. It's one of the one of the generational talents, one of the best to ever do it with all the belts, there's there's nothing more I could ask for. So, yeah, look, I I'm just waiting for the phone to ring. &gt;&gt; And listen, when you first stepped into the ring as a white collar boxer, did you ever in your wildest dreams imagine that you would get to this stage? &gt;&gt; Uh, maybe not at the beginning. As the fights have grown, the belief has grown, the the ambition has grown, and yeah, for a while now, I've known I've wanted to be at the top of this sport, and I'm I'm doing I'm I'm conquering everything in front of me, doing whatever it takes to get there. &gt;&gt; Just a word on your team. Obviously, Rob Hodins, he's been with you from the start. Um, Magic, Dillian, how much of those guys meant in this sort of journey? &gt;&gt; Yeah, them boys were everything. Look, um, there's I know again, like I said, I know it's me in the ring, it's my face everywhere, but all them boys are shoulderto-shoulder with me, right behind me, pushing me, encouraging me, coaching, giving me advice, whatever it is, um, it takes a team. I know it's again, it's me in the ring, but behind me is all these great people, too. Um, for any young fighter that, you know, they might be a late starter. They might, you know, not have had the illustrious amateur background, but they wanted to, you know, go on and do what you've done. What would you say to them? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, look at me. I'm not I'm not saying I'm the golden boy or nothing, but I'm saying, look, if you look at me, my journey, there's a way to make it. There's a way to do this thing. So, stay committed, give yourself to the sport, and and boxing will give you everything back. &gt;&gt; A word on Joe. You know, he's he's a worry himself. It was a it was a good uh you know performance from him but it just wasn't enough against you tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look um he he didn't have to take this fight and he's he's a great man in the sport and someone I admire as well for his journey, his career, the way he picked himself back up and has gone again. Um so again, thank you to Joe, thank you to Andy Lee, to his team for having the balls, the ambition, the courage to take this fight. But tonight was my night. Fabio, a special special performance. Enjoy your night and we hope to see you out against Alexander Usyk next. Cheers, mate. Thank you. &gt;&gt; I've got Liam Dilap here. You know, you're not an X switch man anymore. You knew I was gonna bring that up, but how proud are you of this man for that performance? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, it's incredible. It's it's one of the best fights I've watched and, you know, to to get that strength in the 11th and, you know, do it. It's it's incredible. &gt;&gt; Is that almost something that we couldn't really even see in football? It's like, you know, pure heart in there. pure, you know, athleticism, heart. He was, he boxed very skillful skillfully, but he was behind. Is that a case of, you know, someone just having the mentality to pull it out the back? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. You know, I think he's he's obviously got that mindset where he's, you know, he knows how to find something and, you know, he was not struggling, but, you know, he was probably getting getting hurt a little bit, but then, you know, he found that strength and, you know, came out on top and, you know, that's what what true warriors are about. So, it's it's incredible. How big of a boxing fan are you? I'd like to maybe get your analysis on if you could beat Alexander Us. &gt;&gt; No, you know, I'm not I'm not a big a big boxing fan, but obviously, you know, I've come to support him. He's he's an incredible fighter and, you know, it means a lot to to, you know, what I've I've done in my career as well, and you know, he's he's a he's an incredible athlete and, you know, someone to admire. &gt;&gt; Well, Liam, uh we're we're very happy to have you here. just what did you make of uh you know the event here um put on by by Queens at the O2. What did you make of it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was incredible. You know the atmosphere was was top throughout and especially when he came on into the ring you know everyone was cheering for him and you know he got that support that he deserved &gt;&gt; and that that end moment was a cherry on top. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. You know, I think that's that's why he came in the ring and you know it was incredible moment for for everyone in here but for him especially. &gt;&gt; Well, Liam, good luck this season, mate. And uh we're glad to have you. Cheers. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Appreciate that. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Nice one. &gt;&gt; That was Fabio Wardley. You know, this has been a special night of boxing a special week &gt;&gt; in the buildup. Not you know, it was rare that we asked, it was very, very rare that we asked a professional boxer who they thought would win and they said Fabio Wardley. He's come from the white collar background and he's come all the way to the very top. It could be Alexander Usyk next. Fabio Wardley is a legend.