Kind: captions Language: en Oh, yeah. It's not It's not It's not fielding. It's just &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for our chief support. It is scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the British, WBO European, WBA continental, and vacant Commonwealth Heavyweight Championships. We would first like to extend a big thank you to his royal highness, the crown prince Muhammad bin Salman and his excellency chairman of the general entertainment authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Turkey. This ballot is being brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Bob's Top Rank Incorporated and it is by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge Robin Smith along with Boxing Organization, President Marcel, Supervisor and the Association, President Jesus Mendoza, Supervisor Carlos Chavez of Venezuela, CBC Supervisor Deborah Down of England, timekeeper is John Smith. Our three judges assigned scoring on a 10point must system, all from England will be Lee Every, Steve Gray, and Bob Williams. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be John Leon. [Music] Introducing to you first, fighting tonight out of the blue corner, he comes to the ring wearing pink trunks and weighed in officially at 232 lbs. Coming to us from London, England. He brings an undefeated record with 12 wins. 11 of his 12 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the reigning and defending WBO European heavyweight champion Big Dane. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] and his opponent across the ring in his championship contest. Fighting tonight out of the red corner, he comes to the ring wearing lightweight blue and weighed in officially at 241 lbs. Hailing from Ipsswitch, England, he is undefeated with 16 wins. 15 of his 16 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending British and WBA Continental Heavyweight Champion, Fabio Wardly. [Music] [Applause] [Music] What should you expect from you both? You all been instructions at all times when I take a Blake before break. Defend yourselves at all times and the best luck to you all. Touch them up. Touch. Come on. &gt;&gt; Well, this is a title that's been held by some of Britain's greatest ever heavyweights. Both men are talking about knocking the other one out. There was trouble on the red carpet at the press conference between the pair of them and there's been this undercurrent of tension throughout the buildup. And just looking at the journey they've both been on to this point, you'd expect this to be explosive, Richie. &gt;&gt; Indeed, it could be a quick um start here for both boxers. Big big punches. And that's the first good shot landed by David Adellay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, David Adel with that lead left jab. That was a good solid shot. There is a feeling that whoever lands the first one might turn out to be the winner. Wardley's got eight stoppages inside two rounds compared to six for Adelaide and neither of them have ever been past six. All the talk in the buildup has been about landing power shots and taking the other one out. Wardley in the white trimmed with blue. He's the champion and Adelaide in the pink and black. &gt;&gt; It's all well and good producing those power shots F, but you've got to set those power shots up. You've got got to work your jab, establish the distance and space and then judge it and then bring that right hand through. So working with the lead hand, you know, it pays dividends and it's very important to concentrate in the early stages. &gt;&gt; Broadley aiming for the Adelaide body. It's the first time that the British title has been fought for on foreign shores and it's quite a rarity in modern boxing. Two unbeaten heavyweights, knockout specialists in their own rights, are being matched at this stage of their respective careers. It's fantastic they've done it and we're all excited to see what happens. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I think Adelaide has been the more confident in the buildup. He's certainly been the more vocal. Wley's played it down a little bit. Laura was telling everybody about the the rumors earlier. There are rumors about damage to the chin, lack of sparring, whether he's completely ready for tonight. We will find out now, Richie, over how many of these 12 rounds he managed to get through. &gt;&gt; Absolutely, Fletch. And uh we we spoke about it before about using the jab and getting into a contest, and it's going to be really important for both boxers here to to get to get the judgment of distance right and also to to judge the pace right. Also, big punches. going to take a lot out of each other through misses like that. When you miss the target with big shots, that can tie you out. So, you've got to judge that pace and distance. This is a 12 round contest and both these boxers are used to getting their opponents out of there quickly. &gt;&gt; It's going to be very interesting to see who can judge it best into the body. He's been a fighter coming forward more often than not in this first round. The whipping punch just flying over the head of the champion from David Adel. 30 seconds to go in the first round, but all of the crowd here know that in any instant, any second of this fight, it could all change based on the power that both of them possess. There's a great shot from Adelaide. Best punch of the fight so far. Long left hand onto Wardley's chin. Yeah, that was a nice bit of concentration there from Wardley, but fair play. Took advantage and it was a good shot. Bley doubling up on the jab. &gt;&gt; Decent body shot. Nice flurry at the end of the round with the response from Adelaide right at the bell. We talked about the punch that Adelaide was able to land, but he took it well. That's in Francis Andu's dressing room. &gt;&gt; Israel in there. So many superstars of combat sports here in Riyad this week. will be ringside in the Kingdom Arena for the main event. And Nano, I've got to say, the odds are stacked against him, but he's been extremely relaxed in the buildup. &gt;&gt; He's in there smiling and he's ready for what lies ahead against Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Fascinating, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Always double. &gt;&gt; So Adela here just working well with his jab. That's a lovely shot, isn't it? That was early on in the contest. He's boxing well. There's that long looping left around the guard of Wley towards the end. &gt;&gt; Wley's got the better resume. He's got the single best win on the record as well. Adelaide's got more experience. He learned to box to protect himself on the streets. He's the one with the amateur career to lean on. Wardley went by the white collar route and he's done remarkably well to get to this point as the British heavyweight champion. You wonder at some stage whether Wardley's speed could be a factor. reason relies on quick reflexes to avoid the punches. You'd say that Anallay is probably the more natural heavyweight of the two. They've only boxed 79 rounds between them in the pros and Richie with this knockout percentage above 90%. &gt;&gt; Incredible. Ad though, you know, he's a big puncher just swinging there with that left hook up missing the target. He's got to set it up a little bit better. I think you know started this round. He's obviously listened to his corner. his corner have told him to use his jab a little bit more and he's come out using that punch and he's got to settle down a little bit and set up these power shots. &gt;&gt; Utmost respect being shown by each man in there because both individuals know that if they lose concentration for a second it could be over. That's a great shot by Adel. Very very quick. &gt;&gt; That was a perfect on wasn't it there? Just lacking concentration and then comes through with a super crisp sharp jab. had to take one in close as well as John Leam was trying to break them. &gt;&gt; Speed of punch from Adelaide is very good indeed. &gt;&gt; Sometimes he starts off from too far out just like he did there. Just missed the target. Just got to get a little bit closer, but he's got that he's got that speed of punch &gt;&gt; over Wardley. And again, a good shot there. Yeah, working that left jab nicely when Wley gets in range. David Adelaide. Just over a minute to go in the second. &gt;&gt; See, Woodley's got to watch what he's doing there. He's actually coming forward very low lead hand trying to just inch his way forward and work with that shot. But he could leave himself open. He's been caught with a couple of fast jabs. It's not the jab that's the problem. It's that right hand from Adelaide. He throws with with speed and power by edging forward and coming over your front foot. Then that's that could be a problem for Wardley's going to watch it. Wardley did just wipe his glove over his left eye as well after that previous clinch between the two of them. &gt;&gt; Inside the final 30 seconds then of the second round. Every punch that lands here. Cheer to the Raptors by the crowd here in Riad. &gt;&gt; It's a decent shot from Wardley with Adelaide's back to the ropes. Maybe the best punch that he's managed to land so far right towards the end of this second round. [Applause] Good. Slowing down. He's moving too much and you're catching him. Yeah, he's slowing down a bit. Well done. &gt;&gt; It's time to win a fight. It ain't about that other The street that David, he's in front of you. Come on. We come to win the belt. You ain't listening. &gt;&gt; Good job there from Adel. That was a nice shot from him in that round. Wley had some better work towards the end of it though. Judge the distance and gap very well. But there Adela again gets through with the jab. But Wardley towards the end of the contest, sorry, end of the round some good shots of his own, but some good a good display there from Adelaide's jab. &gt;&gt; Wardley beat the former world title challenger Eric Molina six fights ago. Well, that looks like the best win that either of them's had. He also had to show some guts tonight. He won this title against Nathan Gorman. The only time he went the distance was in his pro debut back in 2017. Ader was taken the business by Camilovski back in 2021. What a fight that a lot of people felt he was fortunate to get the decision in. Stopped six in a row since then, though. I think the big question for both of them, Richie, because we haven't really seen it, is how either of them react when they properly get tagged. That's better work at the start of the third round here from the champion Wardley. &gt;&gt; Well, Ad just got tagged there. That was a cracking shot from Wardley. That right hand judged the the distance very well indeed. The referee not happy with David Adel there. &gt;&gt; It's not the first time he's warned it for that, Richie. Not the first time he's warned it with the forearm. So, John Leam with a stern ticking off for David Adel. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's because he was caught with a cracking shot. It really was a good punch there from Wardley. Long shoulder anticipate. &gt;&gt; I think Wardley's boxing fairly well from the outside. Some good stuff come from him. But look at how dangerous Adelaide is there with that left hook. &gt;&gt; Yeah, really good left hook from David Adelaide. Just as Fabio Wardley was thinking about opening up and he sends the right hand in as well. &gt;&gt; Body shots from the champion. Had a wild swing with a right hand. Adelaide quickly out of there. Right there. [Music] &gt;&gt; Like I said earlier, Fletch, you know, you have they have to judge the the distance and the pace of the contest because they're putting a lot of effort into the into the power shots. But &gt;&gt; that can drain you. It really can. &gt;&gt; If the opponent comes through the attacks &gt;&gt; or you miss the target with those heavy shots then you do you fatigue a lot quicker. &gt;&gt; Most of the instruction to Fabio Wardley in rounds is coming from Ben Davis and then Robert Hodins tends to do the talking between rounds. Adel swinging that left hand and smiling at the fact he missed by so much &gt;&gt; just stopped throwing the jab as much hasn't he got to use that a little bit more boxing fairly decent on the outside taking a few risks with those low hands but he has fast reactions he lays back gets his head and body out the way comes forward there with a couple of big punches as well just as other was back to the ropes he just seems to have worked out the distance a little bit better now Wardley And &gt;&gt; you do that with the jab, you know, he's edging forward, &gt;&gt; measure with the tea, and he's got a good layback there. So, he's just trying to take the sting out of Adelaide's jab and just lay back, make him miss. &gt;&gt; But Adelaide, he's such a a ferocious puncher. &gt;&gt; Final stages here of the third round. Not a great deal between them. All three rounds have been tight. All three rounds have been close. And they're felt to end this one. Deep breath. &gt;&gt; Put your arms down, David. Deep breaths. Arms down. &gt;&gt; Listen. &gt;&gt; You got his timing, but then don't get up off the timing. You &gt;&gt; do you understand me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You have his timing. Then what you do, you get off his timing. Stay on your timing. &gt;&gt; Hold him there. But that could have been a little bit risky. &gt;&gt; If you hit with a jab, not beware on the clinch. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So in the clinch, keep your head tight to his. Yeah. So that'll prevent any space being created for him to get anything off. &gt;&gt; So good success there from Moley. Cracking right hand. That was the one that had Adelaide in a little bit of trouble. The referee got a little bit angry there with the way Adelaide just brought his elbow up. But nevertheless, Wardley started that attack after that super right hand. That was a cracking punch. &gt;&gt; Final instructions there from Ben Davis. And I mean, you've got to admire the fact they've been matched at this stage, Richie. And you see them both with the records they've got. 16-0 for Wardley, 12-0 for Adelaide. All but two of the combined fights have ended by a stoppage. &gt;&gt; British title at heavyweight on the line here in Riyad. Pink and black for David Adelaide, the white and blue, the upp town colors for Fabio Wardley, who spent time in their academy as a youngster. David Adelaide's got a degree in business management. Loves fighting by his own admission. It's the first time that Adelaide's fought outside London as a professional. &gt;&gt; Wardley just trying to put the punches together now in ones and twos trying to put the combinations together. I think he's the one Richie at this stage who's starting to grow into the fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he is. He's working a little bit harder than Adelaide, isn't he? Wardley using his jab a little bit better. Um, some volumes coming from from Wardley, but you're always looking for Adelaide to produce that that power shot. I mean, they're both powerful punches, but Wardley has been a little bit more um busier with that lead hand. He's doing more work. Adela has got to do more work with his left hand to set up that power shot of his. &gt;&gt; He's too far out there. You can see that a mile away. You're not going to hit the target from that distance. You got to work with that jab, step in with that front foot, measure that distance, sometimes double the jab up, then send the right hand down. &gt;&gt; It's the point that was being made by the corner between rounds. They were saying, "Look, you've got Wardley's timing, but you're just not letting the punches go correctly." So maybe that was an illustration there. &gt;&gt; The only way really you're going to catch Wardley with that type of a shot is if Wardley's coming forward. That's why I spoke about earlier, the way Wardley's just edging occasionally over his front foot. But this is a good attack from him again. Nothing's coming back from Adelaide. &gt;&gt; Kind of combinations that nick close rounds. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what we're seeing here, &gt;&gt; well planned attack there from Wardley &gt;&gt; inside the final minute of the fourth round. And Wardley's been the one coming forward, the one throwing the higher volume of punches. He's the British champion. Couple of jabs setting up another attack for Wardley looking a little bit cautious. Didn't really want to let his own punch going. He only just missed with that one. A big sweeping left hook that might well have grazed the forehead, but nothing more. &gt;&gt; Yeah, one of those It's one of those contests, isn't it, that you just cannot lapse in concentration for a second. It looked like all Wardley in that exchange and then that left up was just just an inch away probably from landing flush on the target. There it was again. &gt;&gt; So Ward's got to watch what he's doing here. They're good attacks from him, but when he gets close, Adelaide is dangerous. [Applause] Time to get ready for work for Francis and Ganu having the hands wrapped. Of course, he's wearing the boxing gloves tonight, not the MMA mits. It's a different challenge that he faces tonight. We know all about his power. The big question is, can he find the punch to land on the chin of Tyson Fury? &gt;&gt; Just send it like this. Look. Yeah, just send it like this. David, &gt;&gt; David, listen to me. &gt;&gt; Toe to toe. Toe to toe. &gt;&gt; Look at &gt;&gt; Let's have a look at some of the work here from Fabio Wardley, Richie. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is where he just gets him on the ropes. And look at that for a shot. If that's just an inch closer to his chin that connects and then who knows. So, he's very dangerous at Adelaide on the inside. But good attack from Wardley, but he's got to concentrate when he gets up close. &gt;&gt; Is that one of those where you feel the breeze on the way past? Absolutely. &gt;&gt; You don't want that connecting to your chin, Fletch. &gt;&gt; So, the fifth round scheduled for 12 and we're moving towards uncharted territory for both of them. Both of them tend to end fights quickly. So, the longer this goes, the more &gt;&gt; they'll have to find out about themselves over a potentially longer distance. Of course, as we keep saying that they've both got the power to change the fight, end the fight in a split second. But John Leam's had to be busy in there so far. It's been quite scrappy at times. &gt;&gt; It has. It's a It's a contest where you've got to learn in in the contest. For Wardley, he's having more success when it's boxed mid to long range. That's a lovely shot. Long range right there, but up close, short to mid and Adelaide is the danger man. Two good jabs as well followed up from Favio Wardley. You &gt;&gt; then got to force your type of contest onto your opponent. &gt;&gt; Fletch. So, it's up to Adelaide to get close to land those big punches. &gt;&gt; Find a way. The better work at this stage is coming from the champion and the greater volume of work is coming from the champion as well. Adelaide's been close though a couple of times with those sweeping hooks and that's better work from him. Wardley calls him in. Yeah, he does. again just a little bit too far out. Got to double the jab up. &gt;&gt; The single shot there. Wardley, he coped with it. He's launching the attack from too far out. So, he's got to get closer as Adelaide has to get significantly closer. At the moment, this is being fought Favio Wardley's way to a large extent. &gt;&gt; Good job from Anelain. Nice and sharp again. &gt;&gt; I think Wley there just risking things a little bit there. Hands fairly low. &gt;&gt; Judging that distance, staying on the outside trying to draw the lead of Adelaide. &gt;&gt; It's the way that he fights though, Rich. He relies on the reflexes. Happy to hold his head high and stick his chin out and then rely on the reflexes to get him out of range. And he's been successful at doing that so far tonight. Adelaide of course has the power to finish him if it doesn't work and looking to unload finding some decent shots himself on his back to the ropes. Maybe the better quality in that exchange came from Wardley. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but he's taking more risk there by taking Adel on in close quarters. &gt;&gt; Tough contest. I think when Ward is boxing at range, he seems to be in control of it more there. He took Adel on a little bit. It's had a bit of success, but you really are risking it against a big punch like Adelaide. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Good shot by Wardley right at the end of the round. &gt;&gt; And there's the bell. So, let's hear from the man who suffered the bill tonight, Francis Enardano with Josh Denzel. of mind games. He's tried to, you know, at the weigh in we saw him tickling your ribs, trying to make a laugh and a joke out of it. It doesn't seem to affected you at all. &gt;&gt; No. Uh, I know him and I know his game. So, I'm not playing his game. I'm playing mine. &gt;&gt; We know that you have full belief in yourself and you've been working with a legend in Mike Tyson. Have you been working on anything in particular? How you going to start fast? Many people in the boxing world saying you have to start fast and make sure this thing doesn't go the distance. &gt;&gt; Well, um I don't I don't have to start far fast, you know. Uh I think I need to find my pace uh in the fight and uh wait for the opportunity whenever it comes. &gt;&gt; Francis, pleasure. Good luck. &gt;&gt; He's top of the bill tonight and Ganu against Fury. And that's the next fight you will see tonight. I would say while we were listening to the interview, they were more and more animated in the Adelaide corner between rounds. There's a bit of concern in there, I think, Richie, at the moment. &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz I think Oh, that was better left hand. Really good shot. And another one. Wley just took his eye off the ball for a second there. And David made him pay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he certainly did. &gt;&gt; He's more or less waiting for the referee to say break. Now &gt;&gt; the referee isn't happy, is he? Well, he hasn't taken a point off. And that wasn't for the punch on the break. That was for a forearm again, I suspect. &gt;&gt; I think it's the final warning. I don't think he's going to get the chance to do that again. David Adelaide. So, John Leam's laid down the law. Six round scheduled for 12. Neither man has been past this round before. So, the second half of the fight could be fascinating if it doesn't end here. &gt;&gt; Having said that, Woodley can't afford to to take a rest on the inside when they get up close. He's got to keep switched on. Adelaide's looking for the the odd shot on the inside. Got decent power. That's better for Ward. Look, just controlling the space and the distance with especially with that jab. Oh, you can see what he's doing is what he's doing. He's trying to draw the lead of Adelaide and then he's trying to come back with a counter. Counter punching on the front foot here. Wardley taking a risk, setting the trap, low hands, waiting for Adelaide to to strike and then he's making him miss and come back with a shot. Good counter punching from Wardley. A little short jab in there from Favio Wardley as well. &gt;&gt; Halfway through the sixth round. [Music] that champ [Music] [Applause] with a left jab and then grabs a hold of minute to go. That's a good shot from Wley there. Good lead and and another one. &gt;&gt; Just made Adelaide take a backward step, didn't it? Just waited for his head to clear. It was a good scoring punch there from Wardley. Followed it up with a decent right hand as well. Adel says, "I'm fine." Wardley lands another left jab. Adel sticks out the top. Blood coming from the mouth of David Adel. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good shots from Wardley here. And he senses it, doesn't he? But this is where Adel can be very dangerous indeed. &gt;&gt; Wardley's just gone through the gears a little bit in the sixth round. He's just started to throw more punches. Getting a little bit closer to David Adlay having more success. &gt;&gt; Good shot by Wardley there. The long right hand which found the chin. &gt;&gt; Adel showing good resilience. &gt;&gt; Good round for Wardley. Oh, that was a tremendous probably his best round. &gt;&gt; Big Fraser Clark, a man you know very well, Richie. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a great lad phrase. Olympic bronze medalist from &gt;&gt; 2020. &gt;&gt; Your goal is to keep him breaking his base. The more time he's breaking his base, the more time he's not ready. You got less to worry about. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; The gypsy letting him &gt;&gt; watching the fight in the dressing room. He'll start really ramping up the preparations for his fight with Francis and Ganu very very soon. &gt;&gt; And he's been a picture of relaxation ever since he got here to react. But he always is. I mean, he's never he's never bothered, is he? No. &gt;&gt; Very unpredictable. &gt;&gt; Been through it many times before. So, we're about to find out what both of these fighters are like in the second half of a contest, Richie, because both of them are coming out for the seventh round for the very first time. This is going to be informative. &gt;&gt; Well, that last round, I think, was was pretty significant for for Wley. He started to break Adelaide down, especially with that lead hand, and Adelaide took a couple of big shots on the ropes. So, let's see what response we get from Adelaide because we need one. Wardley working behind that left jab. &gt;&gt; Adelaide's challenge remains to get close enough to land those power shots. &gt;&gt; Wardley at the moment controlling the fight behind his jab. It was Adelaide's jab in the early rounds of the fight, maybe the first or second round, but since then that jab of Wardley's become more and more of a factor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And we spoke about that you've got to, you know, establish a lead with that jab. Measure that distance with your lead hand. And again, just simple boxing with the lead hand there. And Adelaide is I mean, Adlay's got a dangerous job, but he hasn't thrown half of what he should. &gt;&gt; He's been a bit lazy with his jab as David Adlay, but fair play to Wardley. Good boxing performance up to now. [Music] &gt;&gt; Looks the fresher man in there as well, Fab Fabio Ward. when you do the eye test on the two of them. &gt;&gt; Well, the thing is Fletch as well, they're not soft jabs. These, you know, these are pretty hard jabs that W is throwing. They're hitting the target. And if Adela occasionally comes over his front foot, the power's been doubled up. And so, you know, he's slowly breaking him down, isn't he? We need a response, like I said, from Adelaide. First time we've come this far tonight. Martin Boli won in the fourth. First round stoppages for Moses and Mack Mudolf. Joseph Parker winning in the third round into the seventh here with just over a minute to go and David Adelaide feel like at this stage of the fight Richie it needs some kind of success just to give himself a bit of confidence for what remains. Well, you know, it's no way over yet. Adlay still very dangerous, &gt;&gt; but at the moment, she's just being outboxed a little bit. &gt;&gt; Wley's doing the right thing. He's good shot from him. &gt;&gt; The left hook was the big one. &gt;&gt; Adel gets to his feet. Adel says, "I'm fine." We're about to find out if he is. stuck his tongue out at Fabio Wardley and says, "Come on then, let's have it." Wardley with a great punch and in all kinds of trouble and fires the lift hook. Wardley unloading as well. Both of them letting the punches go and hanging on, clanging to his hopes. Wardley unloading with big punches and stops it. David Adelaide pushes the referee away, furious with the decision. But Fabio Wardley retains his British title with a stoppage victory over David Adel. And when he went through the gears, it was very impressive. Fantastic there from Wardley. We spoke about a laps in concentration and it was Adelaide on that clinch. He just gets caught with a super left hook that started the ball rolling. And Wardley, the way he put the finish together, that was very impressive indeed. And Adelaide, he didn't recover. The referee's jumped in. He's going to argue about it obviously out of the Adelaide corner, but he wasn't recovered. And Wardly there, that was a very good finish indeed. The punch that put him down initially, Adelaide, was an absolute beauty. The medical team just making sure he's okay based on the volume of punches he took before that stoppage. Sean Leam jumping in quickly. Huge celebrations of course in the wardly corner, but the shot to put Adel onto the canvas was abusive. Yeah, it was a good shot indeed. And he came from um first of all it was off the break, wasn't it? Where he just caught Adelaide with a super punch, peach of a shot off the break and then like I said that started it and then he just continued with the attack. Sustained pressure, big big punches and that's Adelaide. Fair play to him. He gets up. He did not recover. His legs weren't right and Wley then finished him off and the referee jumps in. No problem for Fabio Wardley going into the seventh round of a fight and he's now stopped 16 opponents in a row. Went the distance in his professional debut, but since then he's been a wrecking man, a wrecking ball in this heavyweight division. He boxed well now. Did Wardly those last two or three rounds I was more impressed with him working behind his jab, setting up his attacks, breaking his opponent down with a simple lead hand. David Adel, we know he's dangerous, we know he's powerful, but he didn't throw enough with that lead hand himself. He didn't use his jab enough. He wasn't setting up that right hand of his. That's his power shot. Wardley on the other hand, sometimes it was just simple boxing. He took the odd risk here and there by lowering that guard and closing that gap and drawing the lead off Adelaide, but fair play towardly counter punching on the front foot. Good counter punches, but simple jabs that set up his right hand and a great finish. [Music] &gt;&gt; It was indeed. So, let's have a look at the punch that put David Adellay down and I wondered for a second when he did hit the gambas whether he was going to be able to get up. I mean, he had that smile on his face and the tongue sticking out. But that's a beautiful shot. &gt;&gt; Well, it is and it's a lapse of concentration off the the clinch. They've broken away from the clinch and Adelaide has just stood there and then Wardley has produced a right hand and the left hook. There it is there. That's a cracking shot. But Adelaide will more or less give it to him just breaking away from the clinch and not concentrating. But fair play to Wley. He delivered those knockout shots. Let's have a look at it again. Right hand, left hook. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was quality there from Wardley. Just been handed the uh the scores as they were at the time of the stoppage. Fabio Wardley was up 5950 55 on two of the cards and by 60 points to 54 on the other one after six. So he was in control of it in the eyes of the judges. And there's the stoppage. David Adelaide not happy. And John Lean won't be pleased by the fact he's been pushed away like that. No, he'll be spoken to about that. But come on, you know, he wasn't recovered. You know, Adelaide, he would have fought right to the very very end. Of course, he would have fought on, but the referee, he's closer to the action than anyone. He's made that he's give that call and it's probably the right call. And Wardy there has produced the power shots. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Nice to see the two men together in the ring and nice to see David Adelie fine and well after that stoppage. There's been bad blood in the buildup, but good to see them together like that at the end of the fight. Yeah, respect to David Adlay there for going over. There has been bad blood, but fair play to them. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 43 seconds of round number seven. Our referee in charge, John Leam, stops the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated. And now, the British WBO European, WBA continental and Commonwealth heavyweight champion, Fabio Wardley. [Music] So, four belts for Dabio Wardley who was holding up the four fingers by way of celebration in their wide margin leader on the judges scorecards. And there's a potential opponent down the line in Big Fraser Clark who wants to get in there Richie and have a word. He wants to get in there and have his say.