Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Yes. Clapping for me. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; But will they be clapping for you October 25th? Are you going to beat Joseph Parker? Are you going to become the second best heavyweight in the world? Is that Is that what we're doing here? &gt;&gt; 100%. That is the plan. That's the plan at hand. That's everything we're working towards. Joseph Parker was the name we picked, we chose. I've announced my sage. I announced myself into the top level of heavyweight boxing. But there's a few question marks where people are thinking, "Oh, well, you haven't done this and you haven't fought X person or Y person. You haven't proved yourself properly. So, no better way to do it than pick the number two man in the division. Conquer that." And then there's not really much left to say. I can firmly say, "Hey, look, I'm shoulderto-shoulder with you boys." &gt;&gt; Did you call out Joseph Parker? You know, when Parker was meant to fight Dubois in Saudi, Dubois pulled out and everyone was chucking their name in. I feel like you did a tweet or something. I I can't I couldn't find it. I was trying to scroll and find it, but I can't. Did you? &gt;&gt; I put a I tweeted a I think I either tweeted a phone emoji or an eyes emoji, but um &gt;&gt; much to the panic of my team who were like, "What are you doing?" Um but it was just it was playful. It was playful. I was like, "If I was going to have a big fight of that level, that magnitude, I don't want it on a day or two notice. I want the right build, the right the right opportunity, the right chance, the right moment to really show what I can do. &gt;&gt; Playful, but there's probably part of you like he must seem beatable to you even at that point where you thought, "Yeah, I'll jump in with Parker." Right. &gt;&gt; Look, every man's beatable. Um, I have full faith in myself and in my confidence and in my abilities. Um, it's a much taller task on a day or two's notice in that particular circumstance. But um but yeah, I believe every man's beatable. Um and I believe I I believe I have the skills and the capability to beat every man as well. &gt;&gt; You're like a It feels like you're like a wild card in this heavyweight division because you shouldn't be there. You you've overachieved. I think Look, we we've talked about this. 2016 he became world champion. 2016 who who who from accounts was you bashing up? Was it Keith? Was it Kevin? I don't know. But you were picking up civilians essentially. I was still fighting white collar back when he was a world champion. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you shouldn't be here, Fabio. Like, can you believe that you're here? What are you doing here? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, it's is something maybe over the last few years I kind of wrestled with and like what am I doing? How like how have I got here? How have I done this? and then tick by tick by tick and then the fights I've had and the stages I've been on um Portman Road for example and things like that really kind of just go back and go you know what there's only so many times you can really question and go how am I here and there's a certain point where you go clearly I'm meant to be here clearly I'm doing the right things clearly I deserve to be here because if if I'm here if I'm making all these these waves and all these moves and doing all the right things Then that's that's all the evidence I need. The evidence is in front of me or behind me, however you want to look at it in terms of my past and the things I've done. &gt;&gt; Were you kind of faking it until you made it? Were you kind of like like I think I'm the guy &gt;&gt; I'm still faking it now. &gt;&gt; But you're about to make it, right? &gt;&gt; No. Look, um there was an element in the in the very early stages of my career um of of fake it till you make it walk like you've been there a thousand times over. Even though you're like your eyes wide and deer in headlights like I remember my first time doing big shows and rolling out cameras and doing press conference press conferences sorry being on tables and and talking and thinking what am I doing here? Why are they talking to me and what and all of this and then you just kind of slow roll and fall into it and then it all becomes quite natural and normal. Um, so yeah, there was definitely an element at the early start of my career of of faking it till I make it. But, um, the fake a bit is I guess over. I've still got a lot I want to make, still a lot I want to do, but um, I feel very comfortable about where I'm at. &gt;&gt; You've overachieved, right? That that that's what it feels like. And and you have in his presence, Parker's presence, you've brought up the white white collar stuff at talkport yesterday. He said, "Why why you bringing up the white collar stuff?" Do do you think he's kind of don't know how do you think he finds you bringing that up? Cuz to me it felt like he he didn't like that you brought up the white collar stuff and you almost kind of diminishing your ability and making an almost inbuilt excuse for a loss. What do you think? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, no, not necessar maybe maybe not. I don't think you would think that of my character that I'm the one to immediately come with an excuse. um that's not my style regardless of any circumstance. Um the white collar tag has has followed me through my career in instead of it being an excuse. It's something more so I wear as a badge of honor to say look hey look you can come from XYZ background any other place maybe not do it the normal route the quote unquote normal route but you can still be successful um and that's how I use it and that's how I talk about it. Um, however he inferred it is is different entirely. But but no, there's no there's no getting excuses in early or or trying to get there before things go south and go, "Oh, well, it's, you know, I'm just a little white collar guy." So, &gt;&gt; well, that's it. &gt;&gt; I'm going to go wrong. And it's a it's a koi little thing I play to, but ultimately I don't I don't view myself as that, too. &gt;&gt; I'm going to bring it up at the press aloe because all the time that you've been around each other, it's all been fairly friendly. That's the only kind of nibble that I saw where Parker kind of went you bringing that up kind of thing. But let's see. Let's see what what he thinks today. Um, someone who's been with you for your entire career and your entire life. I want to ask you about your mom because I was I've been scrolling your Instagram, right? Just like looking for things I can ask you. &gt;&gt; Stalking. Okay. &gt;&gt; Stalking. Little little quiet sto I think it's okay to stalk you, Fabio. &gt;&gt; Um, but &gt;&gt; like you post about every Mother's Day, every time it's her birthday and like she's your hero. She's your inspiration. and she's your rock. Couldn't have done it without her. All these things that you're saying, this looks like a very, very special relationship. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. It is. Um, my mom um my mom's very much had always It's funny. She sent me a really long message yesterday. She said something like, "I I'm keep scrolling. All I can see is again her word." She said, "Oh, all I can I'm scrolling. All I keep seeing is your big head everywhere." and then dot dot dot are you famous now or something like that but sarcastically and it's it's always a great relationship we've had but she's always instilled so much confidence in me um to just do whatever I wanted to do and and no matter what it was if I if I would have walked up to my mom at 18 and said I want to be an astronaut she'd have been like you can do that she don't get me wrong she'd have been like well go put the work in then my mom's always been very much like crack on get the work done don't just talk it go do it are full faith and full and full belief in me no matter what I've what I've wanted to do. Um, and I've always appreciated that. Um, I've always sorry appreciated that. And and it goes for my dad as well. He doesn't get as much as kind of limelight and stuff. He's not a big social media heavy guy. He's very much in the background and he's more the quiet word on your shoulder to say, "I'm proud of you, boy." And all of that. But um just my family as a whole um has been a fantastic support system because no matter the challenge, no matter the setback or the issue or the problem or whatever else, everyone's always had full faith in me. Um and always been biggest cheerleaders, biggest supporters. Don't know how far you scrolling, but if someone says a bad word, she's probably on there arguing with them, having a go. or an auntie of mine is or a cousin of mine is or my um my family are ferocious in the way they defend me and in the way that they praise me as well. So yeah, a lot of me and where I've got to is because of them. &gt;&gt; That I'm proud of you from mom hits different, right? &gt;&gt; That's that's a special special feeling. It must fill you with so much pride that you've got your parents you're making proud, got your partner, you've got a baby now as well. You're not just doing it for Fabio Waldley anymore. you're doing it for all these people. You're impacting lives. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a funny one when you when you frame it like that and said I'm impacting lives. Um it's a it's a it's a weird one to me still because I still just because the same thing I said to um my mom. I like I jokingly said I'm not famous. I'm still the same person. Like nothing's changed. I'll still be around for Sundays and and whichever else. Like nothing changes. But at the same time things have changed. Things are different. Um, so yeah, it's a weird one having to play with both sides of it. Um, and it's a journey I'm very much enjoying and it's something I'm I'm proud like I say from the white collar aspect to be able to shoulder that and just from a general aspect of someone to look at and go he's either from my small little town of Ipsswitch and doing pretty well for himself or came from the white collar side of boxing and is doing pretty well or just in general from my general history background kind of lifestyle of where I initially came from. Oh, he's actually made something of himself. And to look at me from whichever angle, if that offers some level of inspiration is something I'm extremely grateful for. &gt;&gt; Who is Ed Sheeran going to support in this fight? Cuz I don't know if you've seen cuz I was scrolling Parker as well. Can I show you something? &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; mate. And you you guys I'll send you the picture afterwards. My goodness. Cuz I thought he was your mate. Yeah. I thought Ed Sheeran. I thought you and him were were like tight. And then I scroll Joe Parker's Instagram. What's going on here? Where is he? &gt;&gt; I'm going have to have a word. &gt;&gt; Going to have to have a word. &gt;&gt; It's Joe Parker with Ed Sheeran. I thought he was your mate. Who's he going to be supporting? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I'll have to speak to him. I'll have to speak to him and find out and see see what side he's really on because if if not, there's going to be some there's going to be some kicking off. There's going to be some words, but we'll see. Hopefully, he'll support the local boy. &gt;&gt; Well, you would hope so. You would hope so. I was just startled to see that. I thought I thought Ed was your mate. To be fair, Ed's quite a big boxing fan, so he's probably got pictures with with a bunch of boxers and things. &gt;&gt; Doesn't really suit the narrative that I'm trying to create. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no. You're trying to spin a little wheel. Yeah. Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; Okay. Listen, I know you've got other interviews to do. So, listen. We're about to go into the press conference very, very shortly. It's all been fairly tame, I'd say, so far, but this is a serious serious fight. All or nothing, mate. If you lose to Joe Parker, &gt;&gt; it's a long way back to that world title road. How seriously are you feeling about this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, this is the most serious fight of my career. This is the biggest fight of my career, the biggest test, the biggest opponent. This is everything. This is without without understating all the marbles in the sense of this fight will lead me to the next, which is genuinely all the marbles. So, this for me right now, this is a world title fight. This is my my huge moment in my career. This will not make or break my career but very much be a defining divine a defining a defining moment of my career whether I go left or go right and things go positively or negatively &gt;&gt; might be a divine night for you eh &gt;&gt; or or that as well. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Best of luck. &gt;&gt; Cheers mate. Thank you.