Kind: captions Language: en Okay, October 25th, one of the best fights that can be made in the heavyweight division. It's all or nothing. Joseph Parker takes on this man, Fabio Waldley. Fabio, big fight. How you feeling about this one? &gt;&gt; Big fight. Big fight. Look, it's exciting. This is This is um this is everything I'm about. I'm about big fights, big occasions, big moments, big events. Um I love being a part of them. I love the I love the pressure of him. I love the the the anticipation it draws, the questions it draws around, oh, is it is it a step too far? Is it too much? Is this the one? And every fight it seems like for the last maybe five, six, seven, eight is always been, oh, this is the one too far. And and that'll be a common theme with this fight as well. But it's something I wanted. Um and and Joe was was quick to say yes. had no real qualms about fighting me either, which I can only credit him for. So, look, big occasion and and ready to get it on. &gt;&gt; This this feels to me like the first fight where you're shooting up rankings wise. I know you've been in with guys who have been at a higher level. Nathan Gorman had been in with Dubois. You've been with Eric Molina who had been in with Joshua Wilder. They hadn't beaten those guys. Parker, former world champion. He's beating guys like Wilder. Does it feel like this? This is your first real shoot up &gt;&gt; uh proper leap. I think the other ones have been steps like a step up step up step up where this is a bit of a jump um a jump in quality, a jump in levels, a jumping experience as well. Um but all things I'm I'm game for. All things I'm I'm entertained. I'm ready for like this. I feel I'm ready to to step into that realm that that that that list of names them bunch of peoples that he's that he's beat. I think I'm ready to step into that top echelon of fighters. And but to do that, I need to beat someone of that ilk and someone of that level. And there's no better person right now really in the division that's on that's got the resume now as of recently that like Joseph Barker has. So, if I tick that off, then that well and truly sets me as a name up there. &gt;&gt; Is this one where do you feel like you're ready or do you do you know that you're ready for this? &gt;&gt; No, I know I'm ready for this. I know I'm ready for this. I've had the right tests and troubles and and problems and setbacks and whatever you want. And along the way, I've had I've had the cuts. I've been down on the cards. I've been hurt in fights. I've done 10 um 12 gring rounds of title fights and this that and the other and all the little milestones you need all these kind of building bricks you need to make you into a complete fighter that's ready to step into this this higher echelon of fights. I've done all those things now. They're all there. They're all in my back pocket. I've got them all ticked off. So, there's nothing left to do but just do it. Get in there and show what I've got. What do you make of this uh Deontay Wilder comparison? People are calling you the British Wilder. What do you make of that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um it's um from what Look, if you take it at base level from what he did and what he achieved, I'll take that. I'll take that. I would um I'd like to say boxing wise, I think I have a bit more skills and a bit more attributes to my game than he did. But look, I've got that plus a devastating right hand as well. So those things in conjunction, all those things together set up for a perfect fight. &gt;&gt; How do you think they are perceiving you? Because if if you're the British Wilder, they have a win over the Deontay Wilder. Do you think they're just seeing you as a another Wilder kind of guy who's just going to look for one shot and try and get lucky in the fight? What What do you think? &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe. But also they've got a win over a a 2024 or 2023 Wilder, not a early like a not a Wilder of 5, six, seven years ago. That's that's a that's a different Wilder entirely. And that's again, if I if I want to take on that kind of notion, that type of name, that's where I am. I'm not I'm not in the later stages of my career. I've not gone through the losses. I'm not at the back end. I'm not almost like clinging on for fights. I'm still fresh game, new to it, ready to go, and still got all my all my skills, all the speed and everything right there to go. So, yeah, look, they might look at they may look at me, especially based off my last performance, and go, "Oh, yeah, he's just going to look for a big right hand." But I would like to think that Parker and his team aren't that naive to think, "Oh, I'm just going to bounce around that ring for 12 rounds and try and wing a right hand and hopefully that gets the job done." Because I'm not dumb enough to think that's enough to get the job done. I I would hope to think that they think I've I've got a little bit more IQ about me than that. &gt;&gt; So, your last fight, Justice Honey, um good performance. What What do you think? Can I just bring it up? No, it was not a good performance. But ultimately, again, this is when I say when I've ticked off the things, the milestones and things, it's not every performance is going to be great. Not every performance is going to be shining under the lights. Not every performance is going to be perfect. Not every performance is going to look glitz glam, but ultimately at the end of it, did you get the win? Yes. If I look on box wreck, if I look on wherever, is there a W next to my name? Fabio versus Justice Honey. Is there a W? Yes. Okay, cool. So, it prove So, all I've done there is proved that through adversity, through a fight not going my way, through down on the cars, down on the rounds that I had, there was no sulking. There was no letting that seep into my brain, seep into the game plan, seep into my performance at all. And me almost feeling sorry for myself and going, "Oh, you know what? Well, I'm round down here. I might as well just see it through and quit it out and it's been all right." It's like, no, every round, every minute, every second of a round is an opportunity. And with me, regardless, I will always be there in the fight. If I'm on my if I'm on my feet, I'm in the fight. &gt;&gt; I remember you saying that you had to have a conversation with yourself during that fight where he was just banking round after round after round. What What was that conversation that you had with yourself? It was a uh it was I don't know it was more of a quote to myself. It was like you have not come this far just to come this far. It was like don't you have not got all like you've not brought everyone out to your hometown a stadium that you've packed up with 20,000 plus people and you've done all this to just throw it all away here. Like this is not what you've done. you are. There is more for you. There's more opportunity for you in you. There's more to be done. We're not done here. There's more. Like, you don't get to just sit back and go, "Ah, that well that was pretty good. I'll take that. Even though I lost, but hey, it was a good event." No, no, no, no, no, no. You don't get to do that. There's more to be done. Get your ass up and get the job done. So, &gt;&gt; there's a mentality in you which is just winner. You ain't You ain't going to turn up to come second place. That that does seem to separate you. There is an elite mentality in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. 100%. Because again, I always feel like I have a point to prove. I always feel like I'm, especially in my last few, I've been expected to lose. And again, the whole step too far thing. Um, so there is always a push of things wanting to prove people wrong, but the pull as well is obviously me wanting to to do well and succeed and prove to myself that no, there's more in the tank. You've got more. Okay, you didn't do so well in that fight, but you gain so much experience. And we've seen how well I do off a fight when I don't do well first time around. And if I come back phraser one to two for example, didn't do great in the first fight, learn a lot from that fight, take that, sit with that, not reinvent myself, but pick up on those areas where I went wrong and improve. And again, that's the same thing I'll do from the Justice Hoon fighters. I've done nothing but look at it and go, "Right, we did that wrong. How do we change that right? We did that wrong. How do we change that?" And and pay attention to those things. One thing I do is absorb information. What's it going to take to beat Joe Parker? Because right now he's looking pretty good. You look at the Ring Magazine rankings, you see us up there. They've got Fury as number two. He's retired, unretired, we're not sure. But then it's Parker. He's looking very good, beating everyone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, again, all the credit to him. He's on fantastic form. Um he's beaten some some good names and he looks to be in a great place. Um so it means I'm getting maybe the best version of him maybe. Um one that's experienced, that's been there, done it, fallen off and come back through. Maybe this is the best version of Joseph Parker. So look, I'll need to be on my agame. There's no doubt about that whatsoever. I'll need to have a a solid game plan. I'll be beyond my game plan. be fit, be ready for a tear up, be ready for a war, be ready for it to go go south a bit. It's not like again, I'm not I'm not banking on this fight going perfectly my way. Um because he is such a good operator, smart guy in the ring, good ring IQ, he works his way around well. So, but I've proven that no matter the circumstance, no matter the person in front of me, however it looks, if it even if it looks like it's going wrong, mentality wise, I'm still in the fight. I'm still there. I'm still game. I'm still going for it. So, I will need to be on form, but an on form Fabio Wardley can beat Joseph Parker. &gt;&gt; Fabio Wardley who turned up against Justice Honey, does he beat Joseph Parker? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; So, this needs to be the very very best. Better than the guy that we saw back in June. &gt;&gt; But all I've done throughout my career is improve. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All I've done throughout my career is improve. I've I've taken on a I've had a fight taken on a better level of opponent. Improve taken on and then had a fight again. taken on a better level of an opponent, improved, and you can incrementally see those improvements as well. You can watch from fight to fight and see where I've changed and improved and how things have got better. So, that is no there's no different there. Look, we all have bad days at the office. Sometimes you have a bad day at the office. You're sometimes you slip up at a press conference, miss mix up a word or two, and you get some things wrong. So, look, we we all have a bad day, but some then the next day we turn up on our aame. So, that's all that was for me. It's a it was a it was a learning curve at a high level. Um but I pro I proved to myself and to everyone else that I don't shrink when it gets a bit tough, when it gets a bit uncomfortable or things are going a bit wrong. This actually brings out a different bit of fire in me. &gt;&gt; Headlining at the O2. I think this is your eighth fight at the O2. I had a little check on Goodness me. Um do do you uh do you believe it now when you see yourself on these fight posters? cuz I know you used to have a little bit of imposter syndrome as well. Well, that's me. Even at Ibis Switch, I think you were saying to to Ben and everyone, well, how have we how have we done this? Have you have you still got that going into this? Cuz you're about to fight the number two heavyweight in the world at what should be a sold out O2 live on Done. &gt;&gt; That's you, mate. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I've settled into it now. I think I've settled into it now. Especially probably the fact that this at the hotel um at the hotel at the O2 feels feels way more comfortable. a place that I thought, like I say, eight times I didn't know it was that many. Um, considering I've had 20 fights and eight of them have been at the O2 is is quite um it's quite a number, but um and I've headlined the O2 once already as well. So, it feels like and I feel like especially in this like with everything I've done so far, I feel like no, actually I'm meant to be here. Like I've earned this spot. I've earned this position. I worked my way up. I I beat all the people that I was that I was asked to beat that everyone that was put in front of me. I didn't say no to anyone. I did everything I was supposed to do. So with this fight, I've sat into it. And don't get me wrong, I know Joe was a high level operator, but I sit into it and I think nah, like I'm meant to be here. Like I've earned this. There's no more, oh god, well, I'm just like, look at this is just a good experience. I'm almost lucky to be here. It's not like that anymore for me. I look at it and go, no, I deserve to be here. I've I've done what I should do to be here and I'm in this position because of how I've how I've earned this. &gt;&gt; You do understand if you beat Parker, right? I'm sure when you beat Parker in your eyes, but it's just Usyk after that. There's there's nothing in between Joseph Parker, does that feel real to you? Do you feel like you're not far off? &gt;&gt; That feels a that feels almost like that would feel like a really full circle moment. Um, Usyk was one of the first people that at the early stages in my career, seven maybe eight years ago, that I went out to Ukraine and did a training camp with, had spent a lot of time with. Um, &gt;&gt; that when they kidnapped you at the airport, stuck you in the back of a &gt;&gt; bag. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Came out, saw some bears, all the rest. Um, but it would be a real kind of surreal full circle moment of like when I was really at the right beginning of my career. He was someone that wanted me out. saw must have saw something in me. Um for me to want me to be a sparring partner and want to use me and then for me to come around maybe six, seven years later and then be fighting him for for all the belts would be um would be one hell of a story. &gt;&gt; Sometimes things just work out. Fabio and your your story is is uh fascinating. It's been great to watch. Uh final thing, how's this fight going to go October 25th? It's going to be one like the only the only guarantee is that it's going to be entertaining. I think both me and Parker know how to entertain. Um we know how to put on a good fight. Neither of us are in boring fights. Neither of us really like to give up too much ground, back away too much or or even shy away from from heavy competition or and whatever. So, there's going to be some back and forth moments. There's going to be some drama. There's going to be those those almost highlight reel moments of ah like round five was crazy cuz this happened and that happened and I I can see all of that coming up in this fight. All of those highs and lows for the both of us. Um but I think one way or another someone's getting knocked out. &gt;&gt; Can he keep away from your power for 12 rounds? &gt;&gt; I don't think he can keep away from it. No, I don't. I think one way or another he will feel it and he will get clocked. Credit to him. He's been hit a number of times by some good people and gets back up. So, I can't rely on the one. It will maybe need to be two, three, or four. Um, but like I say, I have it in the locker. It's there. I can put them together. So, whether he can avoid it consistently is a different question. I think he will feel the power one way or another. Um, it's just whether he has it in him to get back up and keep going. &gt;&gt; Best of luck. &gt;&gt; Cheers, mate. October 25th, all or nothing.