Kind: captions Language: en family. Good. I've got someone with me. He's very much team Wly this weekend in Alloys Junior. Man, good man. He was just talking about the speed, the power ultimately. Is that what's going to be the difference Saturday? Yeah, look, there's a there's a number of factors in it. Um, experience, speed, power, planning, research, like he said IQ there as well. Yeah, IQ. Doing the simple things, doing the basics, the things that don't take any real talent or skill. You just need to knuckle down and get them done. um all the hard work and the hard miles and that's what I'll be ticking off on the night. Justice um you know he's a very respectful guy like yourself as well. But towards the end there it was I said to alloys it's getting to that business point now. So I think you wanted to remind him you're not coming to Portman Road. No one's coming to Portman Road and upsetting my party. So he's got other ideas. But we are getting into that business phase now. Fab. Yeah look we're getting towards the end of the week. Um Saturday night is fast approaching. It's not long away. So the different type of emotions start to set in maybe for him some nerves. It's all becoming a bit real. It's all almost in front of him. Um so yeah, he's given some different looks, some some different some different output than we've seen from him before. Um how what to read from that is a different question. Who knows? But it's not going to change the outcome on Saturday night. Alo seeing him up close personal in Ben's gym, of course. Would you say along with Daniel Dwine and maybe a couple of others, he's one of the most heaviest handed guys in the division? Absolutely. The man can freaking whack, man. Trust me. You know, when I when I catch when he throws a right hook at my head, I'm like, "Oh." You know what I mean? I could swear on TV, but you you you feel it. And um especially in tennis clubs, man. Like, it's a different story. And not only just the power, like power is one thing, but it's how do you execute it, you know? Like, cuz we all got power to some extent, but can you land that power? This man can do it. Yeah. When do you think this finish comes with me? Anytime. Look, if I see it, if I see the opening's right, the moment's right, the occasion's right, then I'm going to take it with both hands. I'm not going to hang around and wait. I'm not trying to be there for the whole 12 rounds and and drag it out. I'm trying to get a job done. Ultimately, this is a a breakout fight for me in the sense of being on the world stage. So, I want to make a statement to go along with that, not just the win. Fab, I do want to ask you. I saw on Instagram this morning Teddy Atlas has put on $1,500 for Justice Uni to win that fight. So big he's going to lose his money, Teddy Atlas. You're losing your brother. I don't want no messages from Teddy after going, "Oh, can you give me can you reimburse me? Can you sort me out?" No, mate. You made the wrong choice. You live with that. Live with that, definitely. Well, listen, I know you're backing yourself. You're backing him as well. Um, have you got a sort of a closing message? I know you mentioned up there, look, you're coming to these presses, these events, the face off you had yesterday. You're bumping into locals, people you've known for for years. Um, and now you're putting on a mega show for them. This is for the town. This is for the club. This is for the people essentially, Fabio. And sorry to say, no pressure, but you're spearheading it on Saturday. No, it's no pressure at all. It's everything I've asked for. It's everything I asked for, everything I wanted. Um, thank you to Frankie Queensbury as well for for pulling it off because when I sat down with him that first time, it was one of the things I did say to him that was was top on my list of achievements that I want to tick off and he said, "Look, we can make that happen." Um, and to to my fans, my supporters, and to Whip Switch, the town, everyone that's bought a ticket, first off, thank you from the bottom of my heart, thank you. Um it means the world to me to to bring boxing to IPS switch and bring it on such a special occasion. Bring it to a global stage of a massive event. Um first time a boxing fight will ever be held at Portman Road. Um all great accolades to to carry on and and in return I will give you a fantastic night on Saturday. Well listen congrats on getting to this point but obviously the hard work starts on Saturday night for the rest of your future. And look get the win and then you've got your first born coming soon as well. So, it's all happening for Fab. It's all happening at once. All happening at once. Tick off Saturday night first and then maybe sit down for a bit and and open up Daddy Laker. Listen, best of luck. Go well. Thank you. Thank you, mate. Come on, bro. I like it.