Kind: captions Language: en People, it is day two of the esports world cup fight week. And you know what that means? Day two is the media public workout where we get a little teased at what we can expect on Saturday night. &gt;&gt; Main event Saturday night, Moses, Toma, Dillian White. How do you think it's going to play out? I think it will be good test for Moses and I think it can be go it it can go both ways because uh we'll see you know what's it made of off you know and if Dillian White been through much more and had a tougher fights and uh more experience so if if he succeed to you know break his will and if he succeed to not get caught and uh stay away from his uh speed, you know, if he push him to later rounds, he he can win. But uh you know, also this kid is fast, good puncher, so it can be you know, he can knock him out. [Music] Massive fight for your good friend Nick B. I'm sure you're expecting another big performance. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. You know, Nick's always the same. He always comes and he, you know, the wrecking ball by name, wrecking ball by nature, in he and um you know what to expect when he comes and super proud of him again and happy to be out here waiting to see him do the business. I know Nick is a problem for anybody. you know, he the style, the way he fights, doesn't really get it that much clean and and and he comes with ferocity, don't he? And and he puts his shots together well and he I think he can get anyone out of it on his night. Nick flying the flag for our Jiminy, you know, he's putting the red triangle on the map, putting himself on the map, and he and he's already on the map, but soon he's I think he'll be at he probably move up to Super Father and end up taking a belt there as well. I think he'll be at at least a twoeight world champion. He's got definitely got the potential for that in my opinion. Remember [Music] that Saturday night main event, Moses takes on Dillian White. &gt;&gt; Moses's first main event, a massive show in Saudi. How do you think he's handling it all? &gt;&gt; Yeah, to be honest with you, I mean, he was chief support on one of the biggest cards this generation seen when he was chief support for Usyk Fury. So, you know, he's he's got that experience behind him and it's like water off a duck's back to be honest. You know, people at first was talking about Dillian. We never expected Dillian to turn up how he was against Tete. We've prepared for the best Dillian White that that we've seen. So, um that's our job. We'd be fools not to do that. So, of course, you know, we've treated him with the utmost respect and sense of preparation and, you know, there's no bad blood or anything like that. As everybody's saying, it's strictly business. David, we saw you commented on one of our posts earlier, Moses kind of predicting you and Hergo's fight. I know it's kind of it's all respect between you and Moses, but what did you make of his prediction? I &gt;&gt; mean, I hear things behind closed doors about him. Whatever it is, it is. So &gt;&gt; yeah, it's every boxing man. We got Saturday night, right? He's got a big fight he's got to worry about. So &gt;&gt; do you enjoy some people writing you off? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I suppose because you get overlooked, right? And um it's all part of the process. You go to different stages in your career where you're the aside, now I'm the B side and I'm the underdog. So yeah, it's all part of the process. &gt;&gt; Do you sometimes like I know you probably you're not reading all the comments, but sometimes maybe if you hear something you hear something from people in the industry and you're like, "Yeah, okay. Well, we'll see. We'll see then. &gt;&gt; World to little babies. I know they're hating on me, but I don't read comments. Nah, we don't read no comments. Everyone's got an opinion, right? But I think some of these questions are portrayed in a certain way for fighters to respond in a certain way. Some of these fighters don't want to say what they're saying, but questions are put forward to him in a way where they're not smart enough to kind of see what they what they're getting themselves into. So, yeah, it is what it is. [Music] I'm with Dean White, the brother of Dillian White. So, your brother is in very, very good shape. Is this some of the best shape you've you've seen him? &gt;&gt; I've seen him in a very, very long time. Um, obviously, you can see he's taking it very serious. He's in great shape. Obviously, you got all these people underestimating him, writing him off. He's just put all the work in the gym, man. He's just left it in Saturday night. We just got to just put it in that ring and just be smart and perform and just rewind the clock, man. This is the This is the young upstart. He's the He's the He's the guy there pushing his faces first everywhere. And I mean, you know, Dillian was there once before and and he was there when he was with like uh match room with Anthony Joshua and Dylan was just under him. So, it is what it is. Do you know what I mean? Um it's it's we shouldn't really get too caught up with none of that. He's keeps it calm and just lets his boxing do in the ring and that's it. Do you do you think Moses Automa in the ring is going to come across maybe something he's never felt before in a way? &gt;&gt; I think it will be because obviously he's going to be it's not well I'd say the speed element potentially in a fight cuz he's very fast for a heavyweight but we've had some great sparring in camp and you know to get him adjusted we probably got people who are probably faster than him. you know, you know, hopefully it should level itself out. But same thing, it's going to be different when you're getting punched with 10 oz gloves. But equally, that's going to be the same for Moses. He's never going to be in in the ring with anyone that punches near as hard as Dian. And then when he does get punched and he responds back, how does Moses take those shots? It's going to be interesting. Look, like we've not we've not seen Moses in any trouble. Hopefully Dillian should be able to perform on Saturday and give him a little bit of a Who's that with there? &gt;&gt; No, no, it's No, it's Simon. I think I think they're going to walk around. Um, you know, God willing, he'd be able to do and um and give him the trouble we need to get a stoppage because I I just feel he's still raw. He's still, you know, there's things he does which I believe Dylan should be able to capitalize, but early the speed element will probably play a part and it, you know, if you know, if you know, if Dylan ain't sharp and switched on, it could be an issue. [Music]