Kind: captions Language: en On May 16th, Filip Hrgović, one of the best heavyweights in the world, is boxing in Doncaster. Let me say that again. Filip Hrgović is boxing in Doncaster. He takes on Dave Allen live around the world on DAZN. Happy to be joined by El Animal. Filip, how are you, sir? &gt;&gt; Nice to meet you, sir. Nice to meet Why do you say You say this every time? You say, "Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you." This is probably the 10th interview we've ever done. It's nice to meet you, man. Pleasure to see you. To see to see Yeah, meet you so just you've seen me for the first time. But, it is great to see you anyway, Filip. You have spent some time with Dave Allen today, the White Rhino. What have you made of your time today in Doncaster? He's good guy. Yeah. He look like a good guy. Like a good good good dude. Unfortunately, I must punish This is what it is. He keeps saying how handsome you are. Do you think he's trying to like uh lure you into a false sense of security? No, he's just He just have eyes. &gt;&gt; [snorts] [laughter] &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? He says he doesn't want you walking around Doncaster because the women won't leave you alone. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. Hard. It's hard to be pretty fighter, but it is what it is. Every everyone has, you know, their own struggles. &gt;&gt; [snorts] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um but, are you going to struggle with Dave Allen, who we can see off camera over there doing interviews? Are you going to struggle with him on May 16th because he's going to bring everything. And all these seats here, they're going to be filled, and they're going to be They're going to be cheering for him. You going to struggle? Of course. I mean, I'm not fighting with 15,000 people. I fight with him, so doesn't matter who how many people is here. Can't help him. So, only thing is important if you believe in yourself or not. So, fans and crowds can't do anything for you. Or against you. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; That's my opinion, you know. My My dad always told me if you believe in something and whole world is against you, it doesn't matter. If you believe, it doesn't matter. So, and opposite, if the whole world is with you and you don't believe in yourself, it doesn't matter, man. So, everything is here. And that's it. And that's something your dad taught you? Yes. My dad was strong mentally. Peaceful inside. But, gentle but strong, you know, disciplined. Only one direction and yeah. Do you think about your dad much? Yeah, every every day. I think of him every day, man. And I miss him. Looking forward to meet him in heaven. But, I feel like he's with me. I I didn't lose that. I feel his presence presence and uh I I feel like he's he's with me. You know. But, it would be nice if he's still, you know, here that I can talk with him, ask him some things. Would be nice. But, he he's not uh and uh it's hard sometimes. But, it is what it is. That's life. Did he Did he support your boxing a lot? Yeah. In the beginning, no. He was He was mad that I started boxing. He didn't like that idea that his son is getting punched in the face in the beginning. But, later, you know, when I become serious about boxing, he he supported me in every in every way he he knew and he could. So, uh Yeah, he he was the man who cared the most about me and who who loved me loved me the most. So, yeah. I I remember the uh the Zhang fight. That was the one, wasn't it? Immediately after it all happened. I think it got postponed initially because that had happened and then you had the fight with him. And it's like It's like you weren't there, Filip. Yes. I mean, it was amazing uh amazing how how hard that part of my life was because I lost my father and then I went straight to the camp like month after I got I had a new coach, new city. First time in my life I came to Houston. And I will spend there like 3 months alone without anyone, you know, crying every day, missing my father. And uh it was such a such a hard period of my life. But, through all that struggle, you know, I did it. I beat Zhang. I become mandatory challenger. And because of that fight, you know, I changed my life. You know, I changed my family life. I changed my life, you know, I did very good for myself and uh But, it was hard. How did you get through it? Just time? I don't know, man. It's just uh It's easier with the time, definitely. When time passed, it's easier, but at that time, I don't know how I how I did it. Training, sparring three time a week. I I sparred that camp like more than 200 rounds with that pain, with that, you know, feeling. I just don't know how I did it, you know. It was so hard. And uh I think I was I was like mentally crashed and I was overtrained. I was I was really in bad bad shape, but somehow, you know, I I win I won and uh And it's it's still to this day the, you know, the biggest win of my career. So, uh Probably that all that, you know, struggle and all that uh keep keep me to push more. I didn't realize then, but obviously, you know, it was a big win. Just made you stronger. Yeah. That's it, man, you know. Well, you are very strong today. You are a top five heavyweight. You have the world at your feet, and you'll be boxing here on May 16th. Now, Dave Allen, it's surprised a lot of people that this fight is happening. It's called Dave versus Goliath. You are a big favorite. Some are calling this fight a mismatch. Do you think it's a mismatch? I don't know. We'll see, you know. We'll see May 16th, but uh I think Yeah, it's it's super It was surprising for me that this fight happened. Uh I was looking totally in some another direction. And this fight was offered. I signed the multi-fight deal with Queensberry, and this this is first fight. And uh It's It's great fight, you know. I got a good offer. He's a famous. He's big name. And uh He's durable. He's, you know, I think it's it's it's great fight for myself, and I should win that. Of course, I'm big favorite to win this fight. I should win this and keep moving to my goal to become champion and keep moving into direction of big fights. Your goal to become champion, there's going to be fighters in the way of that. But, one of the fighters that is emerging and talking about you, who may be in your way, is Moses It Ta'aluma. I know you say you do this as soon as I mention his name as well. You say it's &gt;&gt; just coincidence. coincidence, right? But, I guess that could be a fight in the future if you're signing a multi-fight deal with Queensbury, and he's really he's becoming a real star here in this country and in the world. But, you know one thing? Moses never entered promised land. You know that? Tell me what you mean. Moses never entered promised land. He lead Jewish people from Egypt to promised land, but he never enter it. Right? I know what you're saying. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; to the biblical story. I'm referring to biblical story that Moses never entered promised land. And this kid if he face me, he will never enter promised land of becoming a champion because I will expose him. You know what I mean? You know that you realized that metaphor? I think it's a tremendous metaphor. Because I'm smart. It's a very good metaphor. It's very good. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It works very well. I've been saying Moses parting [snorts] heavyweights from his senses instead of parting the seas, you know? But, I guess you you would fancy yourself heavily if that fight ever came, right? I believe in myself. I mean, the kid is you know, fast, southpaw, skillful. &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; He's you know, until now he did everything perfect. He didn't have one mistake, but he never received a real punch. He never was in there who fought back, you know? And I believe I'm tougher than him. I'm more experienced, you know? I'm stronger mentally and physically, and I believe in myself. And that I can beat him definitely. And at least I can give him hard fight. And I can test him, but I believe I can beat him. And don't look me that way. Who's looking &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You. I'm not looking at you anyway. Goodness me. I think that's sticking on me the other day. Listen, final thing, Philip. But, you got the metaphor. I thought it was a tremendous metaphor. And considering that there is a language barrier, and I'm not sure English is your first language, the way you delivered it, exceptional. Well done. Thank you, my friend. Final thing, just just just a final one. What what do you think the world are going to say about you on May 16th? Mhm. They say, "Oh my god, what a pretty fighter. He's so good-looking and he can box. He's so fast and strong. And uh he's amazing." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's been a pleasure, my friend. It's a pleasure as always. Nice to meet you.