Kind: captions Language: en Give me give me your thoughts on on the Dubois Usyk fight. I mean, it says Dubois second chance at fighting him. How do you think it's going to go? The bar second fight, second chance of fighting Usyk. Um, I think is going to do the same job on him if I'll be honest. Um, I think his IQ is just far too intelligent. Thing is, Daniel Dwis is just a powerhouse, ain't it? So I don't know. This might be a a batting of tor &gt;&gt; passing of the torch. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I don't know. I doubt it. I want Daniel to win. He's a Brit. Plus he's Nigerian. You like that D. &gt;&gt; I think Usyi or sorry Duba has a better chance than he did the first time. Although he it was a decent performance the first time. He does have a chance to win the fight. But what I would say is never bet against us. The guy figures people out. He finds away and they always win. &gt;&gt; Get your Darw prediction from Yra. &gt;&gt; Hey, Dwar man. He's on form right now and I feel like he's going to write that. It's not even writing that wrong one. I feel like he did it right the first time. This time around is going to be even better, man. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you reckon knockout or points? How's it going to go? &gt;&gt; I'm saying knock out. Daniel Dwars is strong right now. He's a force to be reckoned with. I don't think you got enough to hold him off. &gt;&gt; I'm thinking he's ready. You know, he's been through the trials and tribulations. He's the king slayer and uh um he's got the power. He's been there before, so he know he was just there. He knocked them the guy down, so he knows what he needs to do. So, it would be great for him to do it. Another man do it for Great Britain. It's not an easy task, but uh he's definitely the man that can uh go through with it. He's done the work. He's gone through the pedigree, and he's a certified champion. So, um you know, I think he, you know, he has big hopes on doing it. He's going to do it. Yeah. real uh special about Wembley. I I mean I I I remember uh fighting there um a couple times and it's it's like a a stable for London. If you hadn't boxed in Wembley, you know, you haven't felt the vibe of London. So, um it's definitely his place. He's at home. He's focused. He's determined. This is his dream. So, uh you know, there's nothing stopping him. I'd love Dubois to do it. Um, you know, being a fellow Brit. Um, yeah, I would I'd love Dwire to do it by a big knockout as well. Big juicy knockout. &gt;&gt; Um, like I say, I didn't even watch the first fight, but uh I see I re most recently see do you know um the below the belt they saying? But that was that was right on the belt. I thought that was that was a good shot to be fair. The shorts are high. I thought it was a good shot. But I know Dub's on a little run. He's he's doing very well for himself. He's on a little run. He's been some good fighters at the moment, but you can't look past us. You know what I mean? Can you? He's he's a once in a lifetime fighter. So, I'm going to say you &gt;&gt; points to late stoppage. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It'll be a good fight. I think obviously he's the undisputed. It's a Who's your Who's your money on? &gt;&gt; Listen, I'm not going to say that. What I will say is I wouldn't be truly shocked if Daniel does do it. I would be, you know what I mean? I can see it. that's another way of saying is going to win but &gt;&gt; you have to make a favorite. &gt;&gt; You have to make us a favorite but I just think &gt;&gt; it's going to be a good fight. &gt;&gt; I just think personally I just think the the rematches with Anthony and Tyson &gt;&gt; they were thinking a lot but they were they were thinking a lot and they tried to out thinking I think with all respect to Daniel a strength of his he actually doesn't think that much so and he's on a different momentum he's a different fighter so you can see a route for Daniel to win this &gt;&gt; fight. It'll be good. I think it's going to be a good fight enough. I kind of echo what you just said. I think Usyi has enough and does enough to to nullify and obviously beat Duba. But it's not a surprise if Dubis comes out on top. But um I think that's what makes it so sweet though. Is it the heavy scene? Everyone's a big boy. We're all big boys. All trading leather always on it. &gt;&gt; So I reckon Dy is going to do it. Oh yeah. I reckon Dal's He's been flying in. He obviously he was &gt;&gt; he had that gray area with the body shot in it. one of them depends what side of side you're on in it. But if that was an inch higher then I feel like it would have been a &gt;&gt; Do you know what I rewatched the Joshua fight back the other day and uh I think it was when he first dropped him in the first round. Daniel, I see someone spring up in the crowd. It was you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. I was managed to get real close to it. Yeah, cuz uh I went with Moses and obviously where he was right I will if I'm sitting with him I'm going to get a good seat. So yeah, we we had it was I think I was about nine rows back. &gt;&gt; Okay, good night. That was &gt;&gt; with Dubois's confidence where he's at mentally, physically, I feel like he's going to get a close close points victory, but it won't be easy sailing because Usyk's are great. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm I'm British, so it's very tough, but I'm also spending all my time uh supporting Ukraine. So, um I think I'll just say well well I hope the best man wins. &gt;&gt; Well, look this now I think this now totally different fight than first fight. In first fight, Dubois was out outboxed, outclassed and uh now I think he's definitely different type of uh fighter and he had uh three great wins and uh his uh confidence is much better, much bigger. His he did something with his chin. I don't know what, but his chin is better and he's totally different fighter. But so I expect totally different fight and much harder fight for Usyk than the first fight. I still favor Usyk slightly, but I wouldn't be surprised if Daniel Dubois win that. And I know if the you know that you guys Britain's going to do everything to help Daniel to win that and if it's going to be close fight I think you know it it will be better for him and uh yeah I think it will be great fight much much harder for us than the first one first one &gt;&gt; at this this moment in time. I think it's for me it's Usyk. Um I think he just seems like an impossible man to bet against. Um with his style, his form, the way the way he adapts, um the way he just goes about his work seems he seems pretty undeniable at the moment. Um so yeah, for me it would be Usyk at the moment. &gt;&gt; He'll be holding that full title. You'll have the interim someone you're owning up. Yeah, look, if he hangs around for long enough, um he's someone I' I've spent a lot of time with. I've done a couple of training camps with him, someone I've got a huge amount of respect for. Um but if our paths ever were to cross, then look, don't get me wrong, I welcome all the biggest challenges there are in boxing. So, yeah, of course. But I know he says he's only got a couple left, so whether that that falls in line with me falling into there somewhere, who knows? I feel like I feel like the ball was a little bit hard done by with the body shot last time, but it was on the belt so he didn't really accept pain. I think he's on the form of his life after the beating Joshua and going to be a good fight. Be a close fight. &gt;&gt; I'll do this every single time and say that someone's going to beat us. I think at this stage Dan is um I think it's going to come down to youth. Like Dan's very very intense. He's on a high right now. He's going to have Don Charles in his corner screaming him on. So Uzi is definitely a talented boxer. We've seen it. He's one of the best we've seen movement and um you know keeping someone under mental pressure. However, if someone's not thinking about that and you're not able to hurt them, although he did stop him in the last fight, in this fight, if he comes in with that kill or be killed mentality and just keeps on going from round one to round 12, at some point I just think he's going to catch Uzi and then it could be the beginning of the end. Um, yeah, that's that's my thoughts. I mean, has got a black eye. We've never seen him with a black eye before. Is it cuz he's 37? I don't know. Um, but, you know, don't know. I just yeah I just can't I just can't see how he's able to keep doing it. I just can't like you know we he's had two really hard fights against Fury um who's a massive guy and it's going to take his toll. Two fights against AJ. You know what I mean? He's been in some tough tough fights. So I don't know if this is one too many is this one too many or has it made him battle hard and so &gt;&gt; I'm looking too much into this heavyweight power puncher thing and he's just going to outbox him comfortably. We're going to see. Yeah, I think that I think that Daniel's probably got might be coming off the crest of a wave and have more belief in in himself, but I just think from a boxing aspect, I think that his plan his plan wouldn't have been in the first fight, I'm going to stand off and take my time. And I think his plan in the first fight would have still been, let me get close, let me get downstairs and and and similar to what he's planned, I'll be going into the second fight. So, I'm not sure how all of a sudden that's going to change. Oh, we know now to get close and get down to his body. They knew that going into the first fight. I think it's easier said than done when you're getting in there with Alexander Usyk. And I wish both guys the best, you know, I truly do. May the best man win. But I just think you It's hard to bet against Alexander Rousi, isn't it?