Kind: captions Language: en There is a nightmare in Scotland who has a score to settle. Nathaniel Collins runs it back with Cristobal Lorente on Friday night and look at you, Nathaniel, looking good, looking in shape, you ready to go? All good, ready to go, feel good, fight good. This one this one means a bit more, right? Because from hearing you talk about this fight it was your fight to lose the first time round, right? And you let him into it and you didn't perform to your best because you let him into it, right? Yeah, definitely. Um I get caught up in the crowd, I get caught up in trying to get the knockout. Probably never boxed to the best of my ability. Um I think the first half of the fight was glimpses of what I can be and can do, but also the last half of the fight was a glimpse into a you know sometimes I let my heart rule my head and um it was a great learning experience because at the this world level that I'm about to step into you can't let your heart rule your head, you need to box professionally, calm and you know, stay focused on the job at hand. So, I learned a lot of lessons. You said on the night that like a draw feels like a loss to you. A loss would have been a lot worse, a lot worse. A draw you've just you've got an immediate rematch here, you're you're running it back kind of thing and you're still unbeaten, you're both still unbeaten. Yeah. So, it is it could have been a lot worse. Could have been worse, but I've never been in that position before, so it felt like the end of the world. It still feels like the end of the world, you know, um it adds 10 times more to what this one means because I know I'm better than him. I know how there's levels that I can go to, so it's just putting that into practice and showing it. Do you take any pride from the fact that you had like a round of the year contender in round six and like everyone loved the fight watching it? I think pride in it, but then every time I see Joey it reminds me that I shouldn't have been taking pride in that. It's just no how you box, so I know I was watching it back and I just especially with it getting replayed and stuff this week and I was just thinking like what was going through your head, mate? But I know what was going through your head. All of those people were going through your head screaming when when it looked like you had him going, right? And you just you went for it. Yeah, absolutely and I paid too much of a price for going for it and you know, letting all that external noise get to me, so How was the noise for you generally around this fight? Because going into that first fight, the show was called the next king of Scotland. It was all kind of on you, Josh Taylor had just retired, Scotland was searching for a new king, everyone's saying you're the guy, handing of the baton. That felt actually like a lot of pressure on you in fight week. Do you agree with that and how you feeling going into this one? Yeah, it was a lot of pressure and you know, for this one I've kind of changed. You know, like even all the everything isn't like it's all about you, it's all about this, it's all about the rematch. I've seen like boxing analysts and people saying oh this could be closer than you know, it gives me more of a feel like back to the Lee McGregor fight or back to the the fights where actually all people are giving him a chance and you know, thinking he might do it, so that's lit a fire in me a bit more this time where I've just went quiet on social media, quiet on you know any camp and just I'm not talking to people, I'm not saying anything, it's just get my work done and you know, I think the results will show. So, you just feel you're better in every department and all of this is just kind of up to you on Friday. Yeah, absolutely and it's you know, I should genuinely believe if I hadn't went for it in the sixth last time it wouldn't have turned out the way it did, but I did, so there's no point looking at that and going you know could I should I would I and yeah, I think if I stick to my game plan on Friday it'll be an easy next one. What about this comment that he's got a bigger heart than you that he made at the launch presser? I don't believe that because mate, I've just been through too much. This is a cliche of I've been through too much. I don't believe he's got a bigger heart than me. If he had a bigger heart than me I wouldn't have still been here doing this, you know what I mean? If if he had a bigger heart than me he'd have run over the top of me in that fight when when it got started getting tough, so and you know, I'm always there, I'm always going to be there, I'm always going to be standing, banging if I need to be, you know, there's no there's no scenario where he'll out-heart me like out you know what I mean? But in this fight it's about who's got a bigger brain, I think, so Ooh, I love that, I love that. Listen, one final thing, you get this fight won, you'll be front of the queue for Bruce Carrington. Are you ready for a fight like that? Absolutely. I've been doing this for a long, long, long time now. Um maybe I could have got to here sooner, um but you know, I've I've bided my time, I've I've went through every route the way that I should have went through it and you know, I've had the hard the hard knocks and that's me, I'm getting on now. I need to be up at world level and fighting for world titles, so that's [snorts] next. Best of luck, go and settle that score. Cheers. All right, mate.