Kind: captions Language: en Well, Frank, out here in Riyad, Saudi Arabia with a big big fight night coming up on Saturday. Start with the main event. It's Anthony Yard against Benvidz. [music] How have you seen the fight going? &gt;&gt; It's a tough fight. It's a tough tough fight, but it's a good fight. You know, Anthony has been to the been twice in world title fights and in with great fighters and he's in with another great fighter, you know, in another era. He would be world champion now &gt;&gt; if these guys weren't around. So now Benedis is there. He knows what he's got in front of him. He has the experience of challenging twice for world titles. He's won his last few fights and he's up for it and he believes in himself. I know if he's I know he's got power and I know if he catches Benites then he'll be in he'll be in in trouble. Um and we will see if he can do that. &gt;&gt; What do you make of Anony's kind of like heart and grip cuz he never shies away from the world title? &gt;&gt; He's what he is. He's hard. He's only had 12 amateur fights. I mean it's phenomenal that he's coming up to his third world title fight. says a lot about him that he's, you know, he's still there in that mix of, you know, in the top echelon with these guys. &gt;&gt; And of course, the other Queensbury fights on the card is Sam Notes. He's in a quite a tough fight against Abdullah Mason. Was for a world title as well. &gt;&gt; He's in a tough fight with Abdullah Mason and Abdullah Mason's in a tough fight with Sam Notes. They're both undefeated. It's a cracker of a fight. And Sam, I can only speak from Sam's point of view. everything that's he's been asked to do. He's done. He's won. He's won title after title to get himself into this position to become the mandatory. And now it's this is the big one. He's on a big stage. As I say, the two of them undefeated. It's going to be an exceptional fight. And I believe in him. I believe he I believe he has the tools to win this. He gets his tactics right, he'll win this fight. &gt;&gt; And of course, Yard and No both started off with Queensbury. What would it mean for both of them to win a world title on the same night? &gt;&gt; Be brilliant. It'd be a dream come true certainly for them and it would be a dream come true for me. You know, Queensbury, you know, we we we you love this thing of developing and bringing fighters through and hoping they can helping them achieve their dreams. And if that was to happen on Saturday, then, you know, I can assure you besides the fighters and their families, me, I'll be over the moon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And of course, another big fight on the card is um Brian Norman Jr. against Dean Haney. It's been quite a lot in the buildup between that one. What do you make of that fight? &gt;&gt; Well, the I mean, you know, with the dads and that park the dads up for a moment and talk about the fight. It's a interesting fight. I mean, I haven't seen a lot of Normans be quite honest. Um, I've seen a lot of Deon Haney's fight, but uh it seems that most people are favoring Norman in the fight, but Haney's done it at all levels and won it. He's beat quite a few world champions on the way. So, it's going to be a very interesting fight. But, you know, this undercard of of um Benvdes and and Anony's fight, three of those world title fights, the six fighters involved are all undefeated. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean, that is some some matchmaking that you've got all these undefeated fighters going in there. So, they're all winning fighters, got winning mentalities. It's going to be interesting to see how they all pan out, these fights. They'll be great fights. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's going to be an incredible night on Saturday. Of course, the news came out a couple days ago of Fabio Wardley has been elevated to world champion. Uh just how happy are you for Fabio? &gt;&gt; I'm happy for him. Like, you can't believe. I mean, good luck to him. God bless him. He again done it the hard way. No amateur experience. Sheer grit, determination. He's exciting. He's done everything that's been asked of him. Learning learning his job basically from fight to fight. That's what how he's done it. And you look at his power and his self-belief and his resolve. Certainly his last three fights. I mean, each of those knockouts have been sensational knockouts. Any of them could been knockout of the year in in you know, he's just a he's just a it's phenomenal what he's done. And he and let's say how it is. You know, we wanted to make the fight with Alex. We wanted that fight. It didn't happen because obviously Alexander's got different ideas what he wants to do. That weren't us pulling out that fight. That was him wanting to fight him in in Fabio and he's now there for on merit because he beat the the mandatory challenge, sorry, the man mandatory challenger to Alex and he beat the interim champion in Joe Parker. &gt;&gt; So he was there on merit and he's got that title on merit. I know of course Fabio is only just coming off that win against Joseph Parker, but very soon people are going to be saying, "Well, who's he going to defend this title against?" Have you had any kind of thoughts about that next step? &gt;&gt; We have, we have, and we're going to consider him. We got to sit down obviously with Fabio and his team and then make a make a decision, but there's some great opportunities there for him. Uh, and he'll be out probably in late late March, early May, April, sorry. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Another big heavyweight is Daniel Dvoir who's kind of pulled out of the fight with Frank [music] Sanchez. Can you tell us a little bit more about what's going on? &gt;&gt; Well, it weren't really a meaningful fight for him because there is already a mandatory challenger for for that for the for the mandatory challenger Usyk with the um IBF. So, it's it's a pointless situation. Had he won the fight, he would have been removed from because he'd he'd have been the mandate. it had been removed from the other governing bodies in their rankings and he had to wait until the next fight and the the mandatory challenger to Alexander Usyk at this moment won't get that fight probably until this time next year and that mean he'll have to wait another year from the next the next one in. So it's a it's it's not a nonsense position to be in. So he's going to focus on getting a big fight, getting himself into a mandatory position with one of the other organizations. &gt;&gt; And of course on January 24th, we've got Moses versus Germaine Franklin. I watched the press conference the other day and it would seemed like a really fiery press conference. Not just well, not really the main event, but mainly the undercard there. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a look, that magnificent seven is a is a is a fabulous format. We've been doing it for 15 years now. This is the first one on design. Every fight on there is a cracker of a fight. All these guys, they all they all and what I liked about it, when you're listening to the talk, all they're talking about, they want to get on to the next level. They see it as a stepping stone for the next, you know, to go up and enhance their career and get into bigger fights. So, everybody's on it. Everybody wants to win. And the main event is a cracker of a main event. &gt;&gt; It's going to be a real test for Moses this one. &gt;&gt; Massive test. He's in with a guy who's 27 and only lost two of those fights. 27 25 wins. And you look at his losses, who are they to now? They were a few years ago. One, AJ, two-time world champion, Olympic gold medalist, and lost on points. AJ couldn't knock him out, and he's a big puncher. The one against Dillian, Dillian White, a lot of people thought it was a very, very even. It was a very close fight. Again, Dillian couldn't stop him. He's never been stopped. So, this 20 year old, and look at the ages they were when they fought him. This 20-year-old is fighting this guy with all this wealth of experience who may drag him into the later rounds and we'll see what he's about as far as distance is concerned. So, it's a it's a brilliant card and we've done I think we've done over 10,000 tickets as of today. It's only been on sale for a couple of days. So, we're starting off the year well. Sold out in Dusseldorf with Ait's fight, you know, Cabay. It's a brilliant, brilliant start to the year. We're hitting the ground running. this heavyweight division is a light and that that magnificent seven show is magnificent. &gt;&gt; I wanted to get your thoughts on Liam Davies versus Zach Miller as well because they were kind of going at it a bit in the press conversation. Bit of friendly banter but there was no when I was in the middle of them listening to it weren't that friendly. &gt;&gt; I was quite shocked actually cuz I never seen I've never really seen Liam like that and he was like they was laying it on a bit. I'm not going to say what's being said but they laid it on a bit. And of course the other day we saw um Turkey Shake and Ellie H. They spoke a little bit about AJ Fury, the possibility of that from from the kind of Queensbury perspective. What can we think about? &gt;&gt; Well, we wait to see what what Tyson wants to do. He It's really simple. Tyson, you want to get him in the ring. He knows he sets his price and that'll determine whether he comes out of retirement or not. It's as simple as that. That's what it is. &gt;&gt; And of course Joshua is going to be in the ring in about a month's time. &gt;&gt; He's in. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What do we think of that fight, Frank? I don't blame him for taking it. I don't blame either of them doing it because people are going to buy into it. They're going to pay play pay a lot of money. They're going to get paid a lot of money, I should say. I mean, look, it's a guy who's had 12 fights in Jake. No, I don't think he's got any amateur experience. He's a cruiserweight. He's won other fights at light heavyweight. He's going in with a a guy who has been a heavyweight from day one. an Olympic gold medalist, as I said earlier, two-time world champion, big guy, naturally big guy, big puncher who's going to go in as a big favorite. So, where there's been a bit of criticism towards Jake, not from me, by the way, from people saying that the quality of his opposition, you got to say he's got plenty of balls to step up and fight a heavyweight. Um, but he's going to be a big underdog. &gt;&gt; Perfect, Frank. We look forward to seeing it. Amazing. Thank you.