Kind: captions Language: en Another week, another sold-out Queensberry show, another Moses Ituma knockout. This is just Queensberry, right? It is. I mean, you know, this roller coaster we're on, it's not it's not going up, it's going We're flying at the moment and it was just a fabulous night. Great concert, the Magnificent Seven, great great fights all the way through, culminating with Moses' performance against the guy who's never ever been stopped. Um tough guy, caught him with a good shot as well, caught him on the whiskers. So, he got And he was very when you look, he's just turned 21 and you look at his composure, um his professionalism, and how he went about his job, just broke him down. And the shots he stopped him with at the end, they were just phenomenal. Speak about him in in just a sec. I just want to speak about you for a moment and and your mindset going into this fight, this campaign since this fight was signed. You know that you've got a great fighter on your hands here, but at the same time, you've got to manage him, you've got to go through his career properly, and you put fighters like this and you think he he could give him a test, take him the distance, and he could make it a horrible ugly fight, and maybe Moses doesn't But you've got to you've got to put him through that. Leading up to this, how did you feel coming up towards fight night, confidence-wise, that Moses wouldn't just win, but shine? Um I I've got a lot of belief in him and I believe that, you know, what we're good at is matchmaking. You know, we do We're good bringing, you know, youngsters through, young fighters, in their career, and it was it was good matchmaking and and [snorts] I felt that, you know, he's the speed that he's got, you know, that the punch power he's got, and he's got a good boxing brain. And I think people underestimate that. And he showed that tonight. And you know, I I I just believe in him and I believe that he would come through. And he did that and he he boxed extremely well. As I say, he showed a lot of professionalism in the way he went about his his his job and done it in in style. You can't do it no better than the way he did it. We We can talk superlatives in the ring of of Moses Ituma all night. I was impressed watching him here in the press conference because he speaks He speaks like I I I didn't speak like that when I was 21, Frank. He's mature, isn't he? He's got a good head on his shoulder. He's very articulate. He's He's sensible. He doesn't um he's not boastful. He's quite He's quite a He's quite respectful about boxing and the people boxing. He doesn't have to shout and you know, he's making a noise to to be seen. He doesn't He does what he has to do in the ring, where he gets paid to do it, and the rest of it is just I don't think he even, you know, if he had his way, I don't think he'd even do press conferences. That's not not the way he is, but you know, he's He's a joy to work with. Do you think we see him out again this year? Yeah, fight in July. I'll look forward to that. Just very quickly, one of the heavyweight fight to talk about you got in between Dubois and Wardley earlier tonight. It's a dangerous place to stand, but But you did it. What did you see? &gt;&gt; you know, they they're um I'm looking forward to that one. That's going to be a great show. Great great show. Terrific show tonight, Frank. Well done. Congratulations. &gt;&gt; Thanks very much.