Kind: captions Language: en Quite the collection of boxing minds here. Myself, Adi Ladipo, alongside Hall of Fame promoter Frank Warren, two-weight world champion KL Frampton. Jents, I wanted to have a really deep discussion about the heavyweight division at the moment. So many big fights coming up. Uh, look at the movement. I like it. Soon as I say heavyweight division, everyone kind of moves in their seat. &gt;&gt; So many big fights coming up on the zone that you're putting on, Frank, with Queensbury Promotions. Uh, let's start with the one coming up first. March 28th, Moses the Talma versus Germaine Franklin. Um, Moses has grown now over the last two years into already a superstar. I think he's he's now well known. Obviously, the aim is for him to become a heavyweight world champion. I guess it starts now properly March 28th. &gt;&gt; It does. I mean, this is a big test for him. He's in with a guy in Franklin who's never been stopped. I think he's had 27 fights. Um, lost two and those two losses I think were around four years ago. One which is a debatable decision against Dillian White &gt;&gt; and the other one was against AJ. &gt;&gt; AJ was on a run of form then and he's a big puncher and he couldn't put him away. So this is a big big big um big step up for him in my opinion and uh you know you look at him he's only this is it be his 14th fight and if you look at his record and the guys he's been in with I can't fit many fighters especially his age heavyweights who who fought at that level. &gt;&gt; Yeah there are some names on there as well isn't there car. &gt;&gt; Yeah Dempsey McKeen on there. Dillian White on there. Meris Vak who's almost like that tough big guy you've got to go through. Um we just want to see rounds isn't it? &gt;&gt; Well that's I was going to ask you Frank that's the objective for this fight and why you want rounds from Moses but it's it's going to be difficult. No [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't I mean honestly I of course you know in your in your mind you want to be satisfied you know he's got a good engine and so forth but if he can get rid of him get rid of him. Yeah, I agree. You know, I'm I'm really, you know, and people are buying tickets are not buying tickets to see to see him do rounds. They're buying tickets for him to go in there and do the business and look good doing it. And if he's fighting guys, you know, durable fighters, tough fighters, very experienced fighters, and and he like he did in his last fight, he does produces like he did against Dillian, then I mean, you know, they love it. They love it. And and for me, I mean, I never expected that against Dillian. Never expected that at all. And this one, this one I think I think is going to be tougher for him, but he's, you know, I think he's a type of fighter I hope he's a type of fighter even if and it happens to all fighters. Knock, you know, especially guys who knock people out. There's a day they won't knock somebody out. I can't believe any fighter it didn't happen. You know, I remember Nigel Ben when he came with me. I think he had about 12 knockouts on the trot and then then someone stayed with him. Um, but you know a good fighter, you believe that they've got boxing IQ and ability to find plan B or plan C. And I think Moses is a is a I think he's quite boxing savvy. &gt;&gt; If he does do to Jermaine Franklin like he did to Dillian White, like he did to Balagan in Scotland where he just puts him out like that. Considering what Germaine has done to Dillian White and to Anthony Joshua, I mean, the noise just going to get bigger and bigger and bigger. &gt;&gt; Huge statement. It's a huge statement. Um, &gt;&gt; but I I agree with what Frank was saying there. People talk about getting rounds and, you know, he needs rounds. Ideally, you would you probably wouldn't mind him saying round eight or 10 or something like that just to see what his engine's like, but you can find out what his engine's like in the gym with with sparring partners. If you can get rid of these guys and blow them away in spectacular fashion, which he has been doing, the hype just grows all the time. And that's what people want to see with heavyweight fighters. They don't want to see long fights. &gt;&gt; They want to see quick blowouts and, you know, they want to see blood and guts. That's what they want to see. &gt;&gt; They want to see Mike Tyson Yeah. &gt;&gt; fights. You know, you think Mike Tyson was massive box office and it was massive box office because of what he done when the first bell went. &gt;&gt; That's a perfect segue. That is Frank cuz you mentioned blood and guts. We're going to see that April 4th. We're going to see blood and guts. Two warriors of the sport, right? Two of the old guard. We sp we mentioned Moses who's coming to the beginning. This is coming to the end. And Derek Chazor and Deontay Wilder April 4th. I filmed a promo. It's a really good one as well. An icon wolf for Have you seen it yet? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's all right. &gt;&gt; It's all right. Thank you. [laughter] &gt;&gt; But but this is it though, isn't it? I mean, Chazor has told us this will be his final fight. Whether or not that is true, I'm not quite sure. Wilder wants to continue, but it's a really good matchup between two veterans that are gonna they're going to give it their all. &gt;&gt; Well, we always say, you know, one will win and one's got nowhere to go when you get these type of fights. But the fact is that's how it would be. &gt;&gt; You know, one of them will will be the end of their career because I can't see where they're going to go and and it'll be one last dance for the winner because they're age now. We're both in their 40s. Um, and you know, I I I think it'll be exciting. I think it will be an exciting fight, but I think it'll be an exciting fight because they won't be able to get out of the way of each other. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, the because you know yourself, Carl, as a boxer gets older, you know, especially as you get start hitting like, you know, late 30s and 40s, you know, you're not as fast as you are on your feet. You know, you your your instincts are not like they were. So you use your ring savvy and that was what what I think will happen in this. I think the bell will go they'll both come at each other and there they'll be it'll be it will be literally a shootout between them and I just feel that uh I can't pick the winner at the moment because I just think whoever's going to land one and hurt the whoever throws the first punch I think will will prevail. Yeah, I think they're at the similar stage of both of them are the same stage of their careers that they're at the end and but because of that and because of the stuff that Frank was saying that they're maybe not as good as they once were makes it a good fight because they're going to be in front of each other. They're not going to find it difficult to find each other. We know what big Deontay I mean people talked about him potentially being the the hardest punching heavyweight that's ever lived. That's always the last thing that leaves a fighter, a punch. But what Deontay Wilder needs to land that punch is leverage and he needs distance. And Durig swarms you and he doesn't give you that space. So I'm I'm excited about the fight. I'm excited about the buildup as well. I'm excited about fight week because they're two big characters. Um and I I yeah, I like the fight. We haven't ever really seen anything like Shazora, have we? Before. I mean, a guy that's got doubledigit defeats. Like, normally you cast it out. Fans stop buying tickets for you. For some reason, he's been able to kind of still be that guy where everyone is invested in him. You know this, Cole. You know this as well, Frank. I mean, how many fights have you had where you lose a couple and that's kind of it. They're not really that person anymore. Chazora has been able to go from Dellboy to War Chazora. He must be just a promotional dream because he knows how to continue these cell fights. Well, he I mean he has come back, but I I think he's become like a a 20 year overnight success. [laughter] You know what I mean? Because it wasn't like that early days, you know? I mean, he was with me early from day one &gt;&gt; and uh but he has now and he's and and what is being, you know, quite surprising, and I don't mean that in a good way, is how well received he is by the fans. you know, he gets a big cheer when he's in the ring now &gt;&gt; or, you know, or at a fight, they give him a big cheer and they have most of the people behind him. But, as I say, it's going to be interesting to see what happens when they let their punches go. The other thing I think as well with big punches, you know, you see you see guys have a big run, you know, run of knockouts, then when one of them and sometimes when one of them gets a clipped, you know, the puncher gets clipped, he's then becomes a little bit worried about letting those big shots go because he knows better than me. He's been in there and done it. When you're letting big shots go, that's when you're most vulnerable. When you're throwing that big right hand, your chin's exposed and it makes them sometimes they think up it. And I think that's what happened with Deontay with Tyson certainly in that second fight. And I think then the third fight he just grit his teeth and they had a I mean they had a a brilliant live fight and I think that's what's going to happen with this one. I just really do think you know if you you know this is going to be one of these where you know it's it's going to I hate to say it but it's going to be a brutal fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it will be. All right. This is good. So we've done Moses at the start, we've done Chazor and Wilder at the end. These two Nets guys I think are in the middle hoping to kind of get to that top table. I'm talking about Lawrence Aoli versus Tony Yoka in France. We're going international. We were international for Cabiel by the way which is one of the best fight cards in terms of noise and volume I've ever experienced. And I did an interview postfight with Yoka and Akohi. I almost feel like I should get some sort of royalties for this cuz I set this one up. Was you there? You weren't in I didn't see you in the video. &gt;&gt; Um but we get these guys going at it in France. Tony Yoka who I think's almost had this renaissance under Don Charlesi seems to be calling out everyone and you've matched them together. &gt;&gt; Look, it's a good again it's a good fight. Tony uh through Don I mean Don's a friend as well as a trainer. Uh Don uh you know Tony went to Don and Don we spoke and he brought uh he came along and we sat down and we were you know thought yeah we can do something. He's a good fighter and I think he lost his way a bit. I don't think he was being promoted that well. So, you know, it's up to us now to do something with him and we promised him that we would put a show on in Paris. He's a big name. He's an Olympic gold champion. &gt;&gt; I mean, I don't know why. I don't know what happened why they didn't promote him. &gt;&gt; So, we put a show on. We've had a real good response to it. &gt;&gt; And, you know, with Lawrence, um, he fights anyone. He's not I mean he he doesn't you'd have no problem with him making a match. &gt;&gt; Anyone? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Anyone. He's number one. So the winner of this is going to be again he's going to be one in a in a in a great position to fight Usyk when we start getting the mandatories going. Um it's a it's again it's an exciting fight. It's you know two guys of you know real ring savvy and quality fighters getting it on. I mean these matches when when I keep hearing from promoters talk about the best fighting the best. We're doing that. These guys are fighting each other. They are good matches. And this in Paris will be a good night. Be a great night. &gt;&gt; This is going to be a good one, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Real fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and even even um a like he was criticized when he was um down at cruiserweight because of his style and how he fought. And I get the impression that was because he was struggling so much to wake make the weight and he was holding on a lot and looking for rest. But he's he's much more exciting as a heavyweight now. I think &gt;&gt; just because he's a bit more energy and he's a bit bigger and he doesn't have the crush like &gt;&gt; a good bit bigger. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm surprised he ever made the weight the size of him. He's a big guy. But you know it's like we s in a fight before you know so we was talking about Moses. Is he going to have the you know is he got an engine to do it? [clears throat] I think the problem was with Lawrence at cruiserweight. You know, am I going to run out of gas? Am I weight drained? &gt;&gt; You know, he's a heavyweight. That's what he is. And he's doing well in there. And even when he went in that fight, he he won his fight where he tore his bice his bicep m a terrible injury. I mean, how he got got to the end of it, I don't know, but he did. But this is uh this and they both know these two what's on the line. You know, the number one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Number one. All right. you know, you're getting a mandatory slot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And talking of number one, this is a world title fight we're going to talk about next. And look, we're talking about heavyweights here. This, I think, is one of the best fights that can be made regardless of any weight. I am talking about Fabia Wardley versus Daniel Dubois in Manchester. This one live like all these fights are on the zone. This is an incredible matchup. I don't know who came up with the title, don't blink, but it's spot on, isn't it? Because this could go in the first round. It could go in the 10th, 11th, 12th. genuine 50/50 fight between right now, I guess you have to say the number one and number two in the country fighting to see who's going to be number one. &gt;&gt; I think they're probably if you look at the top three or four fighters in the world, they're in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Both of them. And probably the two biggest punchers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Out there, including Deontay. I mean, they both can punch. And you know, Fabio is is a it's like a Cinderella story. You know, no amateur back comes through. you know, he's I've sat there watched him, you know, what he done with in that fight with Honey, he was he was a mile behind in that fight. I'm sitting there thinking, &gt;&gt; God, you you know, you have to come out with something special and suddenly pulls it out the bag and pole him and then done the same thing with the number two ranked fighter who everybody was saying should be in with Usyk in Joe Parker and done the same thing. So, you know, he can whack. That's how he is. He's his style is walked forward and then you got in Daniel we all know he's a massive puncher. You look again at his record who he's been in with he's been in with the best and fought the best and unfortunately come up against the best in us and but the and didn't do it but the rest of them he's done the business and that and I look at it again I think to myself his style is walk forward. He don't but he don't back off. He comes out, he works off that jab. I mean, these two are going to come out, they're going to collide and they are I mean, is don't blink because I tell you what, you're liable to miss the knockout cuz there is no way, no way this fight is going the distance. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's going to be an explosion. &gt;&gt; I have no idea who wins the fight and I think that's why it's a good fight. Yeah. And you can make many arguments as to what you think might happen. It could be an early blowout. It could be a long just brutal war. But Frank, what I wanted to ask you if if Big Daniel doesn't win, doesn't come through, is it going to be difficult for it's a more difficult loss for Daniel than Fabio? I think would would that be fair to say? &gt;&gt; I think that's a fair comment. But again, it's how you lose. And if you got knocked out, if say for example, if he got knocked out by Fabio, you know, it's not like Fabio don't knock people out and vice versa. you know that it Daniel's still a young man as a you know for a heavyweight when you you know we talk about Derek was it 13 14 losses whatever it is on his record you know Daniel's losses are at the at the top echelon &gt;&gt; you know one he had I mean I'll take out one with Joe Joyce which was a you know terrible injury he had but the two you know against us you know it was what it was but um he and and for me doesn't like southpaws so he's in with a he's in with a guy who, you know, who who's just grit and determination and has a heart, a massive heart in Fabio and I just, you know, it's going to be a real test of temperaments. &gt;&gt; I remember I'm going to steal a line from you, Carl, when you said that Fabio's making a mockery of the sport because he's, you know, come from being what, an accountant, [laughter] &gt;&gt; accountant 10 years ago. It's nuts and now world champion. It is nuts. Nuts is the perfect way to describe it. I I I couldn't you know if somebody said if you if I'd have signed him up this fell's never had a fight he's had a couple of white collar fights or whatever they are blue collar fights sign and in 20 odd 20 fights he's going to be world champion in the heavyweight to be like yeah okay see you wouldn't even consider it &gt;&gt; think about it I mean it's just it's it's nuts and he's and he does it in in style I mean what he done to Frasier Clark &gt;&gt; who's you know Olympic &gt;&gt; bronze medalist got all that amateur background and &gt;&gt; it's mental. The story is insane. &gt;&gt; That second fight, he took it to him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; he took it. He took the fight to him and he got clipped himself. &gt;&gt; Imagine being the other accountant that had to fight him back down. You know what I mean? What do you [laughter] do? &gt;&gt; You can get your legal team. &gt;&gt; I wish you would have been my old accountant. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Frank, very quickly, um, obviously we've been mentioning so many British heavyweights. Tyson Fury is back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's always exciting to have, I think, the Gypsy King back. brings a certain color to press conferences, to fights, just to fight build up, fight weeks. I think he's just insane. I wish he could almost rewind his career and start again because it's going to be a shame when it is over and it's coming to the end. But it is good to have Fury back. Look, he's, you know, he's colorful, you know, he's he there's always a story, you know, press conferences, all that stuff is brilliant. I think since Muhammad Ali, he's probably the most colorful and colorful heavyweight out there. You know, when you think about it, I mean, can you imagine those two fought each other? Imagine what that press conference would have been pay-per-view. &gt;&gt; But but if you if you look at Tyson and and the two losses he's had against Usyk, they were very close fights. There wasn't a lot in them. &gt;&gt; People forget that as well, Frank. &gt;&gt; There was a paper in them, you know what I mean? There was and he and he and and he's got such recuperative powers when he gets caught. He's done that in a few fights. He's got a tremendous fighting heart. um it you know he's not got a lot of miles on the clock and I and I I just feel that if he if he like I know I've spoken with him bit quite a bit if he if he does what he wants to do which is and he really wants to fight regularly he could wind up being back there as the champion again &gt;&gt; and I really do think it's going to be interesting to see you know where he is what he's got what he's still got in the tank and I think he's got got a lot in the tank and I got to tell you that when we did the press conference at Tottenham. That is the best I've seen him look. He looks so well in himself. And I think he is well because you know last year was his, you know, he's doing his series series on Netflix. He's done all the, you know, the uh documentary and other businesses and he took time out and I think that's done him some good. So it it' be great to see him back in action. I think you have to give him credit for for taking this fight because you would have allowed him a lesser fight or an easier fight and not have got he wouldn't have got the stick for it just because he'd been out of the ring for a bit of a time. Um, and McMud it was only a it was only a few years ago everyone thought he was the boogeyman of the division. Nobody wanted to fight him. &gt;&gt; I think he's got like 16 17 first round knockout something like that. He's a big puncher. &gt;&gt; Two big lumps, isn't it? Uh just before we wrap very quickly, there is a fight card I do want to speak about just because I know it's not the heavyweight division but we can have this conversation. I wasn't in Scotland for Collins Lorente. I missed it. Yeah, I missed it and it was a cracking fight and we go again April 17th again live on the zone. I won't miss this one. I'm so happy you're doing it again because &gt;&gt; normally when it's a draw, either man just goes the other way, don't they? And says, "Okay, look, fair play. We we'll move on." Both of these guys said, "No, let's duke it out again." Which is a good one. &gt;&gt; Unfinished business. That's how it was. They both felt they won. It was a close fight. It's a bloody exciting fight. I mean, you know, it was, wasn't it? Amazing fight. And and I got to tell you, you know, you know, Nathan, he's a excellent fight. I think he's going to be the the next guy in Scotland. I think he'll be the big big I believe that. And and if you look with Lorente, I mean, what a game s. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean, you think when people go in the other guy's backyard when the going gets tough, some of them think, "Right, that's it. I've I've fought well, I've done me best and get out of it. I mean, he stood there and he bloody I mean, he's a tough tough cookie. And it'd be interesting to see what they've both learned again from each other. &gt;&gt; And but again, I think it's going to be a marvelous fight. &gt;&gt; That might be the difference. Who who has the better boxing brain? Who's learned more from the first fight? &gt;&gt; Um and and the first fight was incredible. And a draw was probably a fair result. Um, but because of what happened in the first fight, I can't see it being anything other than another barntormer. &gt;&gt; Bit of carnage up in &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The styles gel. All right. Look at those fights on the zone. All those heavyweight showdowns. Incredible, isn't it? March 28th, Itala versus Franklin. April 4th, Joro versus Wilder. Then we go to France for Akoli versus Yoka. That's an incredible one. Hopefully Carl's part of the team. He's been begging to come to France. Hopefully do come to France. &gt;&gt; Got the show. &gt;&gt; They got the show. Yeah, &gt;&gt; April 25th. Fingers crossed I'm on it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; You're a star all the way there. And then obviously we go to Manchester for champion versus former champion Fabio Wardley versus Daniel Dubois main night. Book it people. All on the zone. All on Queensbury promotions as well. One on Frank's great schedule. &gt;&gt; Brilliant schedule. You know why? They're Queensbury shows. Yes, they are.