Kind: captions Language: en Frank Warren Moses atma 59 seconds I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, I never expected that. I I you know I thought when we made the match it' be a good match for him. I never for one minute expected that to happen and I thought it was phenomenal. I watched it back just now on the monitor with the zone team and you look at his punches. He plays his punches. I mean he throws so many good punches, so many good shots and he done it in absolute style. &gt;&gt; We've spoken to a few guys down there on the ground. experienced pros, accomplished pros, the likes of Hamza Shiraz, they're almost in awe of him. Is this guy the the most special talent that Brit Britain has potentially ever produced? &gt;&gt; Well, at this stage of his career, he is. That's for sure. Because what he's doing, it's not just what what he's doing. It's how he's doing it. I mean, he's just he's he's an amazing athlete. He's an amazing boxer. And and you look at the level he's at, 20 years of age. I keep saying it, you know, I use AJ, for example. He didn't turn pro till he was 24. These most of these guys you spoke to didn't turn pro at a young age. Look at what we're pitching him in with. And it's not like with Dillian White, you don't know his pedigree and who he's fought and so forth. Nobody's done that to me. Nobody. &gt;&gt; Spoke to Hamashi down there, like I say, and he said he's two fights away from a a world title. &gt;&gt; He's not far off, that's for sure. You know, he's WBO number two. Joseph Parker is WBO number one. There is some potential that that could be ordered. Do you think Joseph Parker would be too early? &gt;&gt; I at the moment I'm not making any decisions on fights. There's so many permutations, so many opportunities. We have a wealth of talent in the heavyweight division under the Queensby banner and we'll make the right move, make the right fights like we always do. &gt;&gt; A word on Dillian White. Obviously an almost, you know, you could say a legendary boxing career. He's he's had a great career. He's lost three fights out of the fights that he's had. World world championship fights, competitive fights. He's got great wins on his record. He's been there. He's I mean, we all know what he is. We've all seen him over the years in the fights he is. He's tough. He's rough and he's, you know, he was just totally outclassed very early on in the fight. I never expected that in a million years. &gt;&gt; And listen, Frank, you've produced some of the the best fighters in the world time and time again. Could Moses at home end up being the best? &gt;&gt; I'm going to say something now. I think for a kid who's had the amount of fights, 20 years of age, for the amount of fights he's had and at the level he's been fighting at, he's probably the best I've been involved with at that at this stage of his career. &gt;&gt; What's what's his ceiling? &gt;&gt; Sorry, &gt;&gt; what's his ceiling? &gt;&gt; What's his ceiling? He's He just fought a 37 year old man. The world champion is 38. He could have he could have 18 years. at the top. I mean, you know, you got, as you said, a couple of fighters saying a couple of fights he could fight for a world title. &gt;&gt; Would you bet against him winning a world title? I would. &gt;&gt; Philip Herovic, um, I know you're saying you're not going to, you know, make plans for any fights yet, but both men have said that they would be open to a fight later in the year. Based on what you saw from Philillip tonight, how would that fight go? &gt;&gt; Well, that fight was a tough tough fight for both for uh I mean the pace. He threw a lot of punches. He threw about was it roughly 500 punches? I see the punch stats. David David was not throwing punches in at times in that fight. He wasn't using his jab and I was, you know, he just didn't seize on the moment, especially when he got cut. He didn't seem The eighth round was sensational. It was an exciting moment in the in the fight. Um you know, him and Moses. If that could be made, you know, I'm sure it could be made. I'd certainly go with that. But at this moment, right now, we're not making any decisions about any opponents. &gt;&gt; Just another word on on David. Obviously, it didn't go his way tonight, but that that seventh or eighth round, I'm not sure which it which one it was, he showed something that you can't teach. &gt;&gt; Well, he did. He he come up and he he was wounded &gt;&gt; and he and he come back firing. It was it would have been a 10 108 round if it weren't for the fact that he came back. It was a 109 round. The problem is he let the round slip slip by and he wasn't doing enough and that's really that's the truth for the matter and you can't take nothing away from Philip. Philip was constantly throwing shots constantly constantly coming forward throwing punches &gt;&gt; and Nick B and I I expected David I I David just did not stamp his authority on the fight. Maybe he couldn't have. I don't know. You know, I'm not taking anything away from Philip Herovich because he done well and done what he had to do, but David, um, I I would like to see more from him. &gt;&gt; And Nick B, I know he's one of your your favorites. Um, one of the UK's only current male world champion. How special is that that he's flying the flag for the country? &gt;&gt; He done well, didn't he? I mean, he was in with an opponent who come to fight. I mean, you I got to take my hat off to the Aussie. I mean, he really give everything he had and there were time he had his moments in the fight. I thought Nick at the end of the day pulled away and and and and thoroughly deserved the win. But, you know, Nick's Nick's fought again, he's he's you look at the level he's fighting at, the opponents he's fighting, they're either undefeated or they're, you know, number one or they're world champions. Can't do no more than that. He's a he's I love it. He's I love watching him. He's all action. He's exciting and he delivered again tonight. &gt;&gt; I know you want to make that a new fight at some point. I know you've been you've been begging for &gt;&gt; You know what? But I'm going to stop when I do all this because when we're talking about he's got a fight and we keep talking about these things and it's in his head, &gt;&gt; focus on what's happening tonight. Sometimes it can take your eye off the ball and I'm guilty as anybody at that and even at my age is a lesson learned tonight. &gt;&gt; Well, Frank, uh, a good night, a great event and thank you very much for speaking to us.