Kind: captions Language: en Frank, it's magnificent seven fight week here in Manchester. Fight week is here. Moses Ituma, the top of the bill. How you feeling? I'm feeling great. Uh you know, we finally got there. And it's going to be a big night on Saturday. Excuse me. As you say, the magnificent seven. Fabulous top of the bill. Big moment in Moses' career up to as yet. And an undercard that is just amazing. Real good quality matchmaking and good quality fights. So, it's going to be a boxing extravaganza. It could be magnificent. Boxing extravaganza. We're going to go down that card in a moment. Let's start with Moses Ituma. Jermaine Franklin, it's a big test. Jermaine Franklin has been in there with a very good Dillian Whyte, very good Anthony Joshua. He's not been got away yet, but Moses Ituma, he's on a bit of a roll. Break this down. He is. We'll break it down. So, we we made the fight with the you know, it's it's when you're bringing a young fighter through and he's learning his trade, especially with a heavyweight. And normally most heavyweights are not even turned pro at his age. And he's now what he's into his This is his 14th fight coming up. You're looking to get get guys who he'll get experience from and gain experience and also move him up the rankings and uh preparing for challenging for a world title. And in Jermaine, he's got a guy who's never ever been stopped. So, I think it's his 27th fight coming up. He's only lost two fights out of those out of those uh or 26 coming up to be 27. He's only lost two of those. And both of those, he went the distance. One was against They were both 4 years ago. One was against Dillian Whyte. And everybody felt that was a very close fight. And Dillian was, you know, flying at the time. And the other one was against AJ, who we all know is one of the biggest punching heavyweights out there, who couldn't put a dent in him. So, for Moses, uh we know and we've seen that he's got devastating power. And I'm hoping this will display some of his boxing prowess. He's a cuz I think he's an excellent boxer. He's not just a one-trick pony. We do look forward to seeing what happens uh against a durable fighter like Jermaine. Looking forward to that. You mentioned the card, the extravaganza, you called it. And that's what it is. Before Moses, of course, we have Nathan Heaney, Jerome Warburton. Nathan Heaney is is famous for the atmospheres, but he also fights as well. What What a warm-up act. What a fight just before the the main event. You know, look, he's probably one of the biggest per individual ticket selling fighters in in the country. And his fans are are uh fiercely loyal to him. They As you say, they create tremendous atmosphere. And Nathan was on a real roll. I mean, he he he really went into, you know, into some fights where he was a big underdog and came through. Certainly he did against uh Denzel, which was a a big defining fight for him. This is a chance to reestablish himself. And he wants the big a big world title fight. He wants to get yourself in that position. This has got to be a win for him. So, you know, he knows better than you or I that this is a fight you can't afford to lose. And you know it's going to be fought very fiercely in a fierce atmosphere. Absolutely. Uh before that, a a lot of people saying fight of the night potential, Ezra Taylor, Willy Hutchinson. Big step up for Ezra, but what a fight. What a fight that we have on there. I've coincidentally just seen both of them as I came in. And I looked at them both and I thought, "Bloody hell, they're both in tremendous shape." And they should be. They've had because the delay, you know, the fight being postponed. They've had like a double training camp. And uh I'll tell you, both of them are very, very confident. I think we're going to get something extra, extra special between those two. Moving further down, Chequille Thompson, Brad Paul. Chequille, he's he's got big plans. He wants to go all the way to the very top. Brad Paul's great fighter. All always brings that excitement. It's a it's another example of how fights can just they can they can catch fire really quickly. And it will. You know, and again, it's fabulous matchmaking. You know, Lee Lee done the uh Lee Heatons uh matchmaker. He put it together. This is a cracker of a fight. You know, these fights are just, you know, the the winner will go on into a bigger fight. But it's not going to be the end of the world for the loser because these guys are a real good, tough, quality competitors. And Liam Davies before that, it's it's it's the EBU European I love European title fight. It They They always deliver. Uh Liam Davies, Francesco Grandelli. Both ways kick the broadcast off on DAZN. Yeah, look, Liam's done brilliantly. Done brilliantly. Again, this is a quality fight. It's one he can't afford to lose. It's a It's It is again quality matchmaking. And it'll bring out the best of both of the fighters. While we have you, Frank, yesterday we saw the announcement of Jared Anderson joining the ranks. Uh just talk to us a little bit about the excitement around Jared Anderson. I'm delighted that he's on board with us. He's He's a great addition. He's on the undercard at the Fabio Wardley and Daniel Dubois fight, which again is another great heavyweight extravaganza. And um he'll be looking at getting himself into the picture. He brings some American eyeballs to what we're doing. So, I'm I'm thrilled he's on board. And uh he seems to be have the bit between his teeth. He's with Top Rank. Top Rank are very good at producing champions. I think they've got about 12 at the moment, 12 world champions. And uh you know, this is this is this is great for us and great for them and and great for and great for him himself. Queensberry known as the home of the heavyweights. And as as you can see, you're more than happy to see what happens when those boys go up against each other. You mentioned Wardley-Dubois there. Is there a potential that down the road maybe one day Ituma-Anderson maybe in America? Yeah. Look, whatever happens with Moses, he if he's successful and he's he's fighting an American, an unknown American Yeah. on Saturday night. If he comes through that fight, his name will become bigger in America. And the bottom line of all of it is is that he wants to get out there. He wants to go and do what all heavyweights and all all great fighters want to do. They want to go to the States and they want to conquer it. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Tyson did it. He wants to do it. Lennox Lewis did it. You know, over the years, you know, all the great heavyweights have done that. And I generally believe that Moses, if he comes through, will go out there and he will be a revelation for him. You know, he's such a young guy. Let's end on the on the headline fight. Moses Ituma, Jermaine Franklin, what can we expect on Saturday night, Frank? I think you've got experience. I was in the lift with him coming up to this interview with uh Jermaine. He's very, very confident. Again, he's had an extended camp. They said the camp's gone very well. He looks very He looks much fitter than he did when we announced the fight, that's for sure. He's going to be He's going to be very He will be competitive. He's a He's a an old stager. He knows the game backwards. He's tough. And he's going to try and old man him. He will use every trick in the book to get under Moses' skin, to put him out of his stride. And it's going to be an interesting interesting fight as it develops. Everybody Everybody expects a long fight. That's what they all expect. If Moses stops him, that'll be something that nobody else has done. But I can tell you it's got fight written all over it. Frank, can't wait. Saturday night, we'll see you there. Thank you. Pleasure.