Kind: captions Language: en We're here at the Peacock Gym and we're joined by former world heavyweight champion and one of Britain's favorite sons, Frank Bruno and hopefully future world champion Daniel Dubois. Now Frank, obviously part of this is we're looking forward to July 13th at the O2 Arena. Daniel and Nathan Gorman getting it together for the British title. Something you might be a little bit jealous about the British title. I'm a little bit jealous about it, but at the end of the day, when I was boxing, there was a guy called Gary Mason, the Irish notice, and they had to put food in the table. So, you know, I had to give him a little squeeze here and there. So, they went for the British title and I went for the European title. I actually remember though there was a little clutch of heavyweights very much like today around the two you mentioned, Mason, Horus, notice, you had Funo, Banjo, Henry, and W. And none of you ever fought each other, did you? I you know, it's politics, you know. I mean I'm not involved in politics at the time. I think Mickey Duff Terry Lawless had Oris had myself and what and Funjo Banjo with another company but unfortunately we never fought himself but I wish I would have thought but we wish and what happened is totally different cup of tea. So that shows the contrast with today cuz you now got Nathan and Daniel 21 years old and 22 years old respectively jumping in together. I mean surely that can only be a good thing. Yeah, very very good thing. He's a different era now, you know what I mean? So, good luck to him. You know what I mean? That these are the future. So, you got to respect that. I remember speaking to you just over a year ago regarding your foundation and I mentioned the name Daniel to you and your reaction was instantly he he could end up being the number one out of them all. You recall saying that and do you still have that opinion? You know what I mean? I've been following him, studying him and he's a youngster. He's a little bit shy with the cameras or whatever. Once he he's got a good sense of humor, he's a good-looking guy. He can punch like a mule. Once he's matured, I'll be very very sorry for his opponents and I'll be very very scared for his opponent because he's still young yet and he's got a lot of maturing to do. But I think he's the future of um British boxing. What is your reading of the fight against Gorman? Gorman. Yeah, you can't underestimate Gorman. it comes um under the Ricky Aten um um barrier, you know. I mean, Ricky's a very very serious guy as it comes to training, it should be a good fight. But this young man's a very very he punches like a bill. Long as he takes his time, pace himself, it should do a number on him. But, you know, they know each other from the youngsters. I think Gorman's trying to think that he's the same sort of like youngster that they used to train sheer dormantry or whatever, but professional and amateur do um chalk and cheese. But you know, I'm on the 30 se. But this man's a very very dangerous guy and he's not even matured yet. Daniel, I know you won't remember the olden days back when Frank was fighting and people like me were watching, but I know you're a student of the game. How I mean how aware of of you are of Frank's accomplishments? Um, a lot as you say is a different era and I think um a very good you know this to pave the way for fighters like us today you know to make you know big money and you know big platform for us fighters today. So it's all it's all down to them and it's I'm glad to be moving on in that direction and hopefully um definitely you know accomplishing my goals. Have you watched any tapes of Frank? Yeah, I growing up my dad had a whole load of um VHS vide tapes and that's that's that's going back a bit. But I watched quite a lot of Frank and all the all the old um English fighters. Um Frank um Herald Graham all all the Lloyd Hunan all of them. What did you think of Frank's jab? Have you seen a better one? No. No. So solid. His jab is not bad. He's very very good jab, you know. I mean, if he uses it more to set himself up, give himself a little breathing space or whatever. It's a very, very powerful guy. You were the master of the jab, though, weren't you? I don't know if I was a master. I had my day. I done what I had to do. I thank God I'm out. It's a youngster's day today. So, we're talking about this young man. Forget about me, sir. I'm not going to forget about you just yet cuz I got another sort of little trip down memory lane for you. Now, Nathan has been quite vocal for quite a while now in calling Daniel out. Now you experienced that back in the day when you were first coming through from one Joe Bugner. Yeah. Yeah. Now I remember I mean he was calling you out when you just burst on the scene and you were obviously being held back but I remember actually saying to you at the time you know would you fight him and you like I'll fight him tomorrow. You know what can you recall of that experience at the time actually somebody calling you out and you not being able to do anything about it. Well, people call you out sometimes. Um, boxing is about psychology, you know what I mean? I watch um the press conference and whatever and Nathan all he's on on about you remember sparring, you remember this, doing that. The man just keeping very very cool is not getting involved in it. It's the best thing to do is not get involved in it. Cuz sometimes when you get involved in that, people try to get into your head, try to unstable you. If someone's shouting, let them shout. If someone's talking, let them talk or whatever. The most important thing is that when ding ding round one come, that's the most important thing you got to worry about. Just keep yourself calm, keep yourself cool and let them do the shouting. You don't need to get involved in in if if a dog barks, you don't have to bark with a dog. Now you finally after a probably I'm saying Nathan is a dog, but I'm just saying for instance, if someone's trying to gra and draw you into a conversation of an argument, you don't need to get involved in the argument. as he does, he smiles and looks at him and say, "You just wait on on the 30th and then I let my fist do the talking." Now, you finally got to grips with Bugner on a big night for British boxing at Whiteart Lane. Do you see this fight with Nathan and Daniel being of similar magnitude to that occasion? It is, you know, I mean, both of them were amateurs. Both of them are not too far off the age, you know what I mean? I think he should have waited um a year or two about, you know, I mean, to really drag it out and for them to get more experience, but you know, good luck to him for for taking the fight early. But, you know, both of them are young, both of them are hungry. Both of them want to do it. And I just wish the better man wins. And I hope this young man does very very good. Just keeps his head, keeps his cool, use his size, use his reach, and use that jab and move round. And you know, he's 12 rounds, so he's got 12 rounds to catch up with him or whatever, but he could just box his ears off with the jab, you know, cuz he's got a powerful jab, powerful right hand, powerful left hook, powerful uppercut. Um, just use that. Just be aware of it. Just be loose in there. Just take your time. Don't burn yourself out. and just do a number on the guy cuz the guy is going to come forward wants to challenge him tries to bully him then don't get involved in you know if he comes in just tie him up push him away use a jab move around just beat him on points or wait until he guessing himself with the right hand and do a number on him that was actually leveled at you a little bit across your career about burning out towards the end of fights we look at Daniel when he fought Kevin Johnson he showed great intensity throughout the 10 rounds showing he's got it in him. He's a very very good fit guy. All he need to do is just try and relax a little bit. You know, I mean, use his power. He's got the power. Power. You can't give someone power. You either got power or you ain't got power. You either got a jab or you haven't got a jab. You either got a good uppercut, but he's got a good armory in every punch that he throws. He's got power. So, you don't need to burn yourself out. Get tense. Get mad. Just relax in there. Be sharp. Be you know what I mean? Get experience and he'll do a number on him. Don't get involved in these confusion. The guy trying to wind him up to get him more tired. Just use his brain. Just calm, cool, hold him, push him away, jab him, and use his experience and do a number on him. Daniel, you've had some uh Congalles company for the last couple of weeks, Martin Bakoli. I've seen one of those spars previously and that was great. How are they shaping up these days? Um, it's good sparringness, you know, similar how the fight will be. um not just a fight with Nathan, but fight in general. It's really a full on st. So, um nothing I'd say um a good fighting partner. So, yeah, it's good for me. Frank the Frank Bruno Foundation. An update on its progress. I mean, it's a it's a very highprofile cause now, isn't it? Very very highprofile cause because a lot of men out there are suffering in silence. Some men won't admit that they're going through mental health or whatever, but people like myself coming out, people like Tyson Fury coming out, people coming out in general, footballers, etc., etc., coming out, is just making people aware. And sometimes it's half the battle if you come out and explain that you're feeling a little bit down, but look after yourself. Um, try and take a little bit of advice here and there. And we all go through a time where we do go through some sort of like mental health. And it seems like fashion, but it's nice that people are talking about it and coming out and saving some people's life because there's a lot of people out there committing suicide. A lot of people out there suffering in silence and don't suffer in silence cuz there's places where people can talk and people like myself coming out. It does help a lot of people out there. The likes of yourself and Tyson have removed the stigma. But if you think back, I mean, when you once had an unsavory, tasteless headline about you, people crossed the road to avoid you for embarrassment, didn't they? They did. You know what I mean? I remember when I got sectioned once and I came back and the neighbors were looking away and ducking and diving and people come, here comes a nutter again. You know what I mean? It was very, very embarrassing. But such is life. That was about 25 years ago, 30 years ago. But today, people are very sympathetic cuz it could happen to your dad, it could happen to your sister, could happen to your kid, it could happen to any relation you're involved with, and you don't want to muck them off or shame them or whatever. But it's a time where people are under pressure, you know, I mean, if you're under pressure, come out and talk about it and get it off your plate. What about Tyson? I mean, he had his uh he wowed Las Vegas at the weekend. I mean, he's making great moves again. Yeah, very good news. And I'm wish him all the best, you know. I mean, I got to give him credit where credit is due. He was down some dark places. He come out and he recharged himself, got himself back together, and he's flying the flag for mental health. He's flying the flag for boxing and he's doing very well for himself. And good luck to him. Frank Bruno, Daniel Dubois, thank you very much. Thank you very much, sir. Cheers. Thank you.