Kind: captions Language: en Okay, Frank, another big Wembley fight week. Look, you're excited. I can see you can't stop smiling. &gt;&gt; I'm looking forward to it. I mean, the atmosphere is going to be unbelievable there. We've done over 90,000 tickets &gt;&gt; and they still got what is it, five, six days to go, &gt;&gt; five days to go. Um, it's going to be a brilliant fight. This fight is going to be a brilliant fight. These two guys will will fight each other. I mean, when I mean by fight each other, Usyk, you stand on me. when the first bell goes, he's going to come out and try and intimidate Daniel. And Daniel's got stand his ground and push him on the back foot. So, these two guys is going to be from the first bell. &gt;&gt; Well, Daniel has this look and this feel about him these days as a guy who can't be intimidated. We saw that against Anthony Joshua. He literally said, "You can't intimidate me." So, can Alexander Usyk intimidate Daniel Dubois? I don't think at the moment. I mean, Daniel's very confident at the moment. He's got, you know, he's grown up. He's mentally matured. His last uh three fights after since the Usyk fight, which was what 22 months ago, he's a different guy there. Physically, he's always been powerful. He's a big puncher, as you know, but people underestimate his boxing prowess. He's got a really good jab. You see that against um he used it to good effect, especially against AJ that first round. He controlled that. That's how he controlled the fight behind the jab. And he's got to do the same thing here. He's got to get behind that jab and he's just got to keep keep focused on the task. And I believe that I believe I genuinely do believe he can stop him. He can hurt him. We see that in the last in the fight they had. He hurt him to the body. I know all the all the nonsense about, you know, low blows and all that, but listen, people get hit up the balls, hold their balls when they get hit. They don't hold here. And he got hurt in that fight. &gt;&gt; I just want to rewind to the moments after that fight, not none of the lowb blow stuff, but the kind of chats that you'd have with Daniel in the time between his fight with Usyk, the end of that to his fight with Jerel Miller. I understand there was almost kind of heartto-heart kind of moments where you had to really ask him how much do you want this kind of thing. What were they what were those moments like those conversations? &gt;&gt; We're just being very honest with each other. See his dad, not just him. We all sat down as a team. We sat down and said listen you know what's happened's happened. Can't change that. You got to learn from it. How much do you want it? You know the referee the referee really really got that wrong. He and what he did get wrong was a time factor as well. you know, he was he was he was hurt and even when he wanted a fight on, the referee said, "No, take some more time out and, you know, held it up again." And I said to Daniel, you know, you let that get to you. He should never have done that. And he lost all his, you know, he lost all his composure and everything. And that was what went wrong there. And I said, "You got to be, you know, you got to really, you know, mentally you got to be mentally strong for this is where you're at now. This is the, you know, this is the sharp end of the heavyweight division. These are the guys you're fighting and you know and things happen. You're in, you know, although we're in Poland. We're in Poland because of the war in Ukraine, but there was all it was a Ukrainian crowd and you're in the lion's den. No one's going to give you anything. You know, that's your referee. That's your judges and that's it. It's what you got to rely on in that ring. You rely on yourself. Go and control the moment. It's yours to do. And he's done that since. You know, his first fight back after that was against Miller. Miller's a Miller's intimidating outside the ring. He's always looking for the edge and you know they're all trying to hit him what they feel his Achilles heel is in you're a quitter. You know that's what they try and use the problems he had in his fight against um Joe Joyce where he he four fractures bleeding retina was partially detached. He would have wound up losing his career if he hadn't have done what he done. &gt;&gt; He wouldn't be fighting Saturday for the undisputed &gt;&gt; No. No. And he's you know but it is what it is. So that that is where they've all tried to hit him. He's he was an underdog against Susk. He was an underdog against Miller. They made Miller the favorite and he they he couldn't intimidate him and he jumped on him and he he he I mean he won nearly every round. Well, I think he won most of the rounds and that last round showed still how dangerous can be at any moment in a fight by stopping him and letting those shots go. second fight and that that answered a lot of things for us because all that intimidation the you know him putting it on him before press conference that he he didn't stand for it. &gt;&gt; Second fight against second fight back against Herovic. Herovic was the guy no one wanted to fight. He was the mandatory uh for the IBF for what two years? No, I mean nobody wanted to fight him and we made that match and I made that for a reason. First I thought he could win the fight and I knew that Hergo again would give him you know would would get some questions asked him and again leading up to it they had a lot of history previously as sparring sparring when they sparred with each other and there's all these different stories going around and remember that Hergman she's much older than Daniel so when he was Spider-Man Daniel was a was basically a kid young you know real young kid &gt;&gt; and Buny did the you know we do around the table, whatever it's called. And &gt;&gt; and you I could see the way it was all going and and Eddie was with Hergic cuz it's the 5v5. We was with uh Daniel and we was the way they wanted to film it. We're standing behind and they're talking and Herovic basically saying he's a quitter. I I hurt him. I did this to him in sparring and at the time those spars happened. He was with Martin Martin um Bowers and I spoke to Martin quite a bit about the sparring. He said they were tough. He said, "But they were tough for Hergovich as well." He said, "They were tough, but you know, one's, you know, a man, the other one's a kid, a boy." And he kept banging on about it and, you know, he's got no heart and all that stuff. And then Buny said to him, "How you going to win to Urgovich?" And said, "Um, I'm going to stop him because basically he's got no balls or words that he said to Daniel, how you how's it going to go for you? What do you think?" He said, "I'm gonna not see you next Tuesday out." And I nearly fell over because I've never heard him swear or anytime at any time ever. And it it was quite a shock to hear that even come out of his &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And uh and and you know, he was up for it. And he'd done the same thing against AJ, &gt;&gt; you know, when we made the fight. Another underdog in that fight. You know, AJ's two-time world champion. He's AJ's the favorite of the book makers. um the face off around the table. You got AJ who's a street guy, you know, he's he's grown up in the streets. Daniel's not a street guy. He's home educated by his father and all he's done is box. That's all he's known his whole life. His life has been to train to be a boxer. That's what he is. You know, Usyk, he's a fighter and he's, you know, he's in a country that's worn torn and everything, but they both share something in common. They both have trained their whole life to be fighters. Different ways it's happened, but that's what they are. And with the AJ fight, you know, when AJ put it on him, you know, he showed me some respect. And that's like that's like a street guy saying, "You need to" and he jumped up. He said, "Let's have it now. &gt;&gt; You want to go now? Let's go." &gt;&gt; Whatever the word. &gt;&gt; And he meant it. And and you could see it's not it's not like he's doing it in front of the public. This is us. no public there. &gt;&gt; This was us. And that was his confidence. That's how he felt about it. And you know, he's the first one in the ring. There's said 96,000 people in the place. Um this was real a real test of his resolve and he came out from that first bell and just dominated the fight. He's showing another side of him which is which he can box that great jab he's got &gt;&gt; and he can do it under pressure. There was a feeling heading into the 96,000 people against one of the nation's sweetheart in Anthony Joshua that he could freeze, but in fact he brought the heat that night &gt;&gt; and he's he's going to be first in the ring again on Saturday. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; You know, he's going to be and the crowd, by the way, they're not going to boo her. They're not going to boo us. No. &gt;&gt; You know, they like him. You know, he's a he's a respected champion. They like him. But um it's all irrelevant once that first bell goes. We're gonna see you know Daniel, his family, his dad, they all believe this is his destiny. When we signed him, we signed him for a reason because we felt he could win. I mean, he's won a world title, but we feel he could be the he could unify the belts and this is going to be the moment of truth. &gt;&gt; You know, that first fight with Usyk, so he went in with a genius. Do you think there's any similarities with when Canelo fought Mayweather and you know he lost but he took so much experience from that and they say that helped him later on in his career. Did he pick up so much experience points from that Usyk fight it's gone on to help him in his next three fights? &gt;&gt; I think he has done in his his next three fights and he's as I say he's matured mentally. He's in a different place now and this time round he he must pick some. The one thing he knows is that he can hurt him. He know he has he knows he has the power to hurt him. He knows that. &gt;&gt; Has he got to get it done early? &gt;&gt; No. I think he's dangerous anytime if if he I don't care how he wins it as long as he wins it. I think he can stop him. But people underestimate his boxing ability. They underestimate he's not going to be he's not going to be letting those rounds, you know, falling behind. He won't be doing that. He's got to go out and you want to beat Usyk, you got to put him on the back foot. You have to do it with him because he he he you take away 60 70% of the fighter he is by doing that. &gt;&gt; Is Usyk sort of a bully in terms of he goes on there and actually he's he's a smart bully. &gt;&gt; He's a smart guy. Um I mean I've looked at all these fights and and you know the first fight they had you know that was the big mantra for me you know go to his body go to his body. Not not a lot of people were saying that. I mean I I mean I watched him. I looked at a lot of his a couple of his amateur fights. He had the fight he had with AJ. When he gets caught here, he complains to the ref every time. Every time &gt;&gt; on on that is the uh the kind of the rules meeting, the kind of the chat with the referees beforehand, things like that. How key are they in in this way? &gt;&gt; They're very key. The referee in the first fight, for example, came to the dress. He didn't go didn't even talk about loss. That's what he's supposed to. All these things are supposed to be done. He didn't do that. And it was all on film. It was filmed. But look, all that's irrelevant now. The fact of the matter is I don't want him relying on that. I don't want him have to rely on referees. I want him to rely on himself. I want him to be the guy who controls the fight. And if he does that, he'll win the fight. &gt;&gt; Talk to me a little bit about weight because in the first fight with Usyk, we saw Daniel at one of his career lowest weights against Anthony Joshua. He was around a stone heavier. Maybe he came in too light against Usyk. What do you think? &gt;&gt; It's just too He's older. Heavy weights get older, they get heavier. You know, he's bit he's a big man. He's a very very big man. It's like saying Usyk. Look at Usyk now. He's gone up. He's heavier. &gt;&gt; You know, he's gone from gone up. He's come and he's he gets heavier every time he fights and he'll be heavy. Um I I'm I'm not a big fan of carrying all this weight around. You know me, it's all about speed. &gt;&gt; You know, you fight you have to be mobile. Guys sometimes carry weight. they think in there because you're in with a bigger guy and you got to push around. I much rather see him being the mobility of the fighter rather than, you know, worrying about whether you whether they're going to man, you know, can push you and manhandle you. Don't be in that position. Keep moving. You keep hit and don't be hit. That's what you do. You throw It's the art of boxing, hitting and not being hit. And and if you've got mobility and you're fast, it frustrates the other it frustrates your opponent. Well, this is a fight full of storylines, undisputed, etc. But an additional storyline that's emerged in the last couple of weeks is now Tyson Fury going out there and saying a few things here and there, talking about how he wants to fight Alexander Rousi, asked about a fight with Daniel Dubois, said he'd annihilate him. This could end up being, if that happens, your most awkward moment as a promoter, Frank. &gt;&gt; Well, we'll see what happens. I mean, the fight's on Saturday and until that fight happens, all this other stuff is all pointless, you know. They might you got the you got the governor you got the WBO have already come out and said that the winner's got to defend the title. You got if Usyk loses he's going to want a rematch. So there's all connotations. You got Tyson coming back. Uh but one thing's for sure there's a lot of good fights to be made. Lots of good fights to be made. &gt;&gt; Can you remember the heavyweight division being this lively with so many permutations &gt;&gt; at the moment? At the moment. And the fights are happening. That's the good thing. All the fights are happening and this is a this is a big mo moment for us in in the UK as far as um the blue ribbon division. You know, it's the first time the four belts would have been on the line in this country and if he wins it, he becomes the first Brits to ever hold the four belts simultaneously. &gt;&gt; Look, it'll be an unbelievable achievement. Um just away from that fight, just speaking about the heavyweight division, Lawrence Sakoli against Kevin Lena on the undercard. Good fight. &gt;&gt; It's a cracker of a fight. Lawrence looked brilliant last time out, didn't he? He's settled down. So, he's another guy, you know, come up a weight and not got to worry about making the weight now. Not I know when guy when guys have to boil down. S Hamza in a fight previously he had against Adam when they when they're struggling to make the weight, they're terrified. I shouldn't use that word, but they worry about as the fight goes on, you know, are they going to get knackered? Are they going to be tired because they're they're weight drained? And you know these Lawrence hasn't got that worried anymore. He hasn't got and and I think he showed that in the in the first fight. &gt;&gt; Well, he's he's had one round at heavyweight. It's hard to kind of gauge where he is, but if anyone's going to give us the answers, it will be Kevin. &gt;&gt; Kevin comes. I mean, listen, Kevin gave gave uh Daniel a tough fight. &gt;&gt; Justice as well. &gt;&gt; He can whack. He's a big punch and just he can punch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's he's certainly coming to win. So, that's a cracker on the undercard. just on Hamza. Uh what a tremendous win. What a star making performance that was in New York. I'm seeing him get getting posted on Instagram by pages with 45 50 million followers. Like he's become a star, Frank. &gt;&gt; Well, it was a phenomenal performance. You know, he he was in the other guy's backyard again. He you know, the underdog went in there and done a done an absolute job. I mean, an absolute job on a guy whose record was it 1617 one round knockout. It's a big banger. &gt;&gt; He and he got a good jab as well, Banger, but he he and there was, you know, early on in the fight he got caught with a couple. He got caught with a couple of jabs, but he suddenly, you know, he started taking command of it. And the thing is, for a big rangy guy like he is, he's a very tall fighter. God knows how he was making that weight or fail, you know, or struggling to make that &gt;&gt; 154 before that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember that. I'm saying I know how he done it but you know he's he's a he's a very tall rangy guy and um he started controlling the fight and normally normally tall guys with long reaches they fight on the outside he can fight on the inside he can fight and he get he gets his punches and he I mean he threw a couple of uppercuts in that fight and and hurt him and hurt him with those punches but then he broke him down and I'll tell you something him, Hamza. You look at same thing with Daniel and you can even look at Moses. They've all got one thing in common. If that you're in trouble with them, they're unbelievable finishers. They are unbelievable finishes. They don't let you off the hook. &gt;&gt; Could he finish Canelo Alvarez? &gt;&gt; Big fight in September. We'll see what happens. But I have no fear in putting him in that fight &gt;&gt; because he &gt;&gt; we could have made that fight 18 months ago &gt;&gt; and I wouldn't take it. I said, "No, we're not doing that." You, you know, it's too soon now. I'd let him fight him. &gt;&gt; Look, that would be a big fight down the line. Hopefully hopefully that all happens. Just on Canelo, he's made a half a million dollar bet um that is going to beat Dubois. By the way, what what do you think about that? &gt;&gt; That's his money. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it is. Is it safe? &gt;&gt; He can afford a loss. He can afford a loss. &gt;&gt; Final one. Daniel Dwire beats Alexander Usyk on Saturday night to become undisputed world heavyweight champion because &gt;&gt; because he beat the undisputed heavyweight champion. That's what he comes. He takes over the mantle and uh he there's something no one will ever be able to take away from him ever. &gt;&gt; And can you just tell those guys why they should get behind Daniel Dubir on Saturday? &gt;&gt; Get behind Daniel Dwire on Saturday because he's going to I believe he's going to win the fight. I think it's going to be a classic fight between two outstanding heavyweights. Two outstanding heavyweights. And I promise you, you will not be disappointed. So, watch it on the Zone pay-per-view. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Frank. She is fine.