Kind: captions Language: en Frank, it's a media lunch. Here we are at Milo's Piccadilly. Normally means you got a lot to talk about and and you have because it's Duboisk very very soon. Excited, confident? I'm very excited about it. It's it's a great fight and 83,000 people who bought tickets for it are also excited. Um, big moment for Daniel, first uh British heavyweight to fight in the UK for four belts and he can create history by winning those. 83,000. That sounds like bad news for Carl Roch. Well, I don't I didn't even think about that. All I know it sounds like good news for the promotion and more importantly um Daniel who I'm sure is going to get a lot of support especially after his last performance there back to back um against AJ you know people went there obviously most of them as the supporters of AJ and cut long story short he I think he won them over with his performance so I hope that's going to translate into big support for him again having said that Brit love Usyk. You know, he's a he's a road warrior. He's done everything that's been asked of him, going back to the Olympics, cruiserweight, winning and unifying the four belts there, doing the same in the heavyweight division. So, it's going to be a it's going to be a really, really electric night. There's no doubt about it. I went to see Daniel Dwire. We talked about the first fight 2023 and it was he he thought he was ready, but now he kind of knows that he's ready. He had his apprenticeship this time, those three fights, it being at Wembley, he knows the surroundings. Are you seeing a much more ready fighter than what you saw back then? Well, he's matured. You know, he's from that young guy we signed nine years ago, he's gone through all he's had a couple of bumps in the road, but he's come through them and he's shown certainly his last three fights, four fights, including the last Usyk fight. He's capable of hurting Usyk. and the three fights after that, three really good quality fighters, done what he's had to do, and now he's in with the with the boss man of the heavyweight division. So, he's in a good place. He's 20, what's he now? 27 years of age. 27 years of age. This is a big moment in time for him to create history. He's 27 and Usyk is 38 now. Lennox Lewis had retired by this time. Is the timing lining up? Could Could Usyk get old overnight? That's something that Daniel was talked about. Things like that can happen, but you know, um there's not a lot of miles on the clock with Usyk in my opinion. Um having said that, you know, Daniel, he knows Daniel can win this fight. This is it's not about his ability. He's got the ability. He's got the power. He's got the boxing ability. He's got fabulous jab. We know he can punch with both hands. It's this. And if he focuses and done what he does what he's done his last few fights and certainly the fight he had against um AJ, he can do it. If he catches him, he'll go. Usyk's now in this position where heading into this huge fight away from home. We know he's a road warrior, but it's a big big fight for him. He's now without the man who's promoted him his entire career. Alex Carassic and Usyk have parted ways. Now, you know, we can't dig into what what's gone on there, but it doesn't feel like good news heading into this fight for us. I don't look at look a lot into that. You know, you said he's a road warrior. I agree with that. That means he's not being promoted by his promoter in his home country or whatever. Um, Alex has done a fabulous job over the years with him. Um but for me I don't take you know you're in with a consmate professional but he's coming from a war to wartor torn country. Do you think that is going to affect his mindset and what he has to do? He's a warrior. He comes to fight. He's got the respect of everybody and he'll be there on the night. He's train. We can talk about, you know, what Daniel's doing. I know that he is training in Spain, working his balls off in there because this is a big moment in time for him. And he's not coming here to roll over. He's not coming here for a payday. He's coming here to win. So, we got a great fight. Do you believe Daniel Deborah knocks him out? Yeah. If he catches him a go and if he doesn't, I think he can outbox it. But whatever can happen, I've got no saying it. Nobody's got any say any saying it. Stan to these two guys. When that bell rings, the best will be the best. It feels like the eyes of not just the world but the entire heavyweight division will all be fixated on Wembley Stadium July 19th. Everyone's waiting what's going to happen with this belt with that belt. Parker, I'm sure be ringside, Chisora, etc., etc. It means a lot for boxing, doesn't it? Joe's coming in for the fight. He's the the WBO have already put it out there that the mandatory their title. They want the mandatory take place. Joe's the interim champion. So, the winner's got to fight him. And that again's a great fight. But you know what? On the 19th, we're going to see history being made. We're going to get the heavyweight division. Suddenly, there's going to be a 11 and out. We know who's got the belts, who the mandatories are. Are they going to defend those mandatories? Are they going to vacate belts? Are they going to go for bigger fights? what they in mind in their mind may think of bigger fights. What is going to happen in the meantime? All these guys that we've been promoting all been jostling around. They're either interim champions, mandatories, whatever. All of them are working with Queensbury. So, we know whatever happens, we're going to get some great fights and we're going to make them happen. Heavyweight division is the blue ribbon division of boxing. has been for forever. Heavyweight champion in the world has always been probably the most famous one of the most famous if not the most famous athlete in the world. This is where we are on the 19th. We're going to see who holds those four belts. Who is going to hold them? Usyk's already done it. Can Daniel do it? Well, let's talk about just another one of those big heavyweight fights already in the schedule. We know there's going to be so much that shakes out, but Moses Itama and Dillian White is in there and a lot of people are just saying this is going to be a Moses Itama kind of easy job. Too young, too fast, too quick. Dillian White ain't going to lay lay down for no one. Right. Look, Riad season is actually and and ourselves, we put this, we worked together to make this happen. This is a massive moment in again in heavyweight boxing. This is the new kid on the block, 20 years of age, undefeated. was he had 12 fights now 13 fight he's getting in with a guy who in in Dillian who's been there and done it and given everybody tough fights either if he's been beaten he's been in tough fights and this is a big big big moment in his time it's a it's for him for both of them actually it's a moment in time if Dillian wins where does he go from there he can't afford to lose if Moses loses there's going to be a big question mark over depending if he was to lose and how he loses. So, this is the toughest fight of his career on paper. This is the toughest moment in his career and we'll see how he performs on the night because I don't take anything for granted in heavyweights. And just on Dillian, we've got two uh we've got mandatory challenges everywhere. IBF mandatory challenger is Derek Chisora, WBO's Joseph Parker. Dillian White holds win over both of these guys. He's a serious contender. So what is everybody? You know, you got to look at all that. You know, when you're into a situation where it's or bust, you got to go and deliver. And Dillian knows that. He's a warrior. He knows that. Just on Hamza as well. Hamza Sharz in action. July, excuse me, against Balanga. Now, usually if you go up in weight, you don't just walk in against a puncher. He's walking in a higher weight against a puncher. I think credit Hamza Sharz for taking on such a challenge away from home as well. Right. He's not testing the water. He's going straight in the deep end with a champion. Um his last fight was a shame what happened to him. Excuse me. You know, he's struggling with the weight, the hand problem. He came through, he's fortunate to get a draw, but he knows what he's got to do to get himself back in the big time. And this is a big fight that puts him into the big time. He wins this in the other guy's backyard. He's flying. Mhm. And there's whispers about Canelo somewhere down the line. What better way to earn a fight with Canelo than to go? Well, that's it. The guy in the states look the American audience see you and providing Canelo come through against Crawford or Crawford come through. Whoever come through, you become one of the the contenders. Couple of quick ones, Frank. I know you got a bit of a you got a bit of a queue of people waiting. Uh did you catch Jake Paul over the weekend? I didn't get to see it yet, but uh he won it and I heard he won it. Um Will won it. Good luck to him. He's making a bit of noise in the in the cruising. He does. He goes there, he he fights. He goes and does what he's got to do. And you know, you can't take away I don't you know, there's a lot of stuff goes on, but at the end of the day, he's fighting fighters now. Mhm. He's fighting guys who are recognized fighters and uh he's done well. You know, good luck to him. What's happening with Aloy Junior? He's a cruiserweight who I'm sure jump at a chance to fight Jake Paul, but more so do that in a heartbeat. I know you would. I'd love to do that fight. You know, Alloys is on a mission. He's he's fighting as you know soon and uh it's a big fight for him and you know he's again he's another he's not one of our young young lions. He's come through and he's done everything that's been asked of him and uh and done it in in great style. He's he's he's a I generally do believe he can become a world champion. Mhm. Trains his trains his balls up. I mean, he's he he's a proper proper fighter. No messing around. Gets on with his job. Does what he wants to what he's got to do and knows what he wants. And he's uh he's a pleasure to work with. Well, he wanted for Daryl Riley, but not not so soon, huh? Well, we'll see what happens. Who knows? You never know this time. He didn't particularly want it, Val, but we'll see what we can do. At the end of the day, the border control might order it. Okay. Thank you, Frank. I think we're good. You got plenty of people waiting, so we'll we'll let you go. God bless. All right. Just