Kind: captions Language: en Another landmark year for Queensbury. 2025 was a fantastic one. And I'm here today with the man who was steering the ship and is sailing towards a big 2026, Mr. Frank Warren. How are you, sir? &gt;&gt; I'm good, young man. You good? &gt;&gt; I'm good. Good to see you. &gt;&gt; Andrew, &gt;&gt; so much to talk about. I mean, uh, for me, top of the list right now is you've ended the year with a world heavyweight champion in Fabio Wardley. &gt;&gt; Started off with one. &gt;&gt; You started with one and you've ended with one. And &gt;&gt; every year we've had a heavyweight champion. If you think Tyson Fury, Dubo, Waldley, &gt;&gt; but yeah, the the the the number one heavyweight is still holding on to a few of the belts and we're after those. &gt;&gt; What a success story though in terms of Fabio Wardley. Could you have imagined at the start of the year December 31st, &gt;&gt; no, &gt;&gt; it would be him. &gt;&gt; No, no. And the way he's done it, I mean, he's done it in an amazing style. you know, he's he's such a dangerous s and you know, and gutsy and ballsy and, you know, when you look at the lack of experience or no experience as an amateur, just going straight in the deep end as a pro learning on the job and, you know, beating the which he did in Joe Parker, emphatically beaten the world's number two heavyweight, you know, in in in most of the governing bodies, you know, the uh mandatory challenger and done it in in style and coming from behind again. You know, he's such a dangerous fighter. &gt;&gt; So, from underdog to top dog, although not quite cuz Usyk does have the remaining belts. &gt;&gt; He's a top dog. Of course, he's a top dog. I mean, he's he's done everything that's been asked for him. Undefeated, but so's Fabio. Um that and he and it would have been great to have got the both of them in the ring, two undefeated heavyweights in the ring. Uh but you know it was a risk and reward thing I suppose as far as um as far as Alex was concerned and it's a shame really because I think that fight would have done massive business you know because of the fact that Fabio's so excited. He's never in a dull fight. I think he's got the knockout of the I mean two knockouts of the year wasn't he's had and uh he's just an exciting fighter as is as is Alex been in some great fights so I'm I'm a bit sad that fight didn't happen. Could it still happen? &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe. Maybe. We'll see where we go. You know, it's the top echelon there now of fighters [snorts] who, you know, probably feel that they've done enough to sort of stamp their mark and, you know, make their mark in history who they are. A lot of them now are looking for fights. It's professional boxing fights that maybe gimmick fights. They may be, you know, all sorts of things to get huge money that gets people's attention. bit like, you know, AJ &gt;&gt; and Jake Paul. It's it's that type of fight, you know, and you're looking at it and thinking and everyone's saying, "Oh, you know, that's a what an easy job that is for AJ on paper and so forth," which it is. But then you look what a tough job for an undefeated, you know, another guy with no amateurs experience in Jake Paul. He's stepping up to the plate, jumping in with a two-time world champion. You got to take your hat off to him. I mean it's a big big big ask that he's got but that's where we are and there's these type of fights are going on and and it's you know and uh I don't know there's a little bit of distortion I think at the top level with some of the fighters. &gt;&gt; Let's stick on that AJ Jake Paul point. This is uh this is the last time we can talk about it uh before it happens tonight. You got your popcorn ready. Will you be setting your alarm? Will you be going to stay up? &gt;&gt; I'm awake. If I'm awake I'll watch it. If I don't, I'll watch it later. I mean, I don't I mean that with the greatest respect to them. Um, you know, this it's it's it's a I keep saying it's it's car crash. It's a car crash fight. You know, it's you got to you'll watch it. Of course, we watch it. But, um, you know, on paper, it's it's some it's a massive massive mismatch on paper. That's on paper, though. But Jake, you know, Jake's fancing up is he coming up yet another weight, no amateur experience. You know, you look at his record. no significant no significant names as such as you know on it and he's going in with a two-time world champion heavyweight champion big puncher Olympic gold medalist you know he's a &gt;&gt; odd stacked against him right &gt;&gt; but maybe he's looking at the last fight you know where he got comprehensively beaten by Daniel Dvoir AJ and and because there is a in the armor we all know that that's why I made I wanted that fight so badly with him and Daniel you know I've said that for years as a in the armor with him. &gt;&gt; Jake is absolutely convinced he wins this fight. That's the thing as well. &gt;&gt; Well, he's believe he's got selfbelief, but he's he's monetizing what you know, he's monet he's he's now jumping right into the deep end and he's monetizing he's, you know, the the the the reputation or the or the, you know, the repute that he has. He's he's he's monetizing it in a big way. And he's and he's the one in America that are all watching. I mean, they're not going to watch AJ. I mean, AJ in his last fight as I just said what it was. His debut in America didn't end well for him. So, it's all about it's all about um all about Jake and Jake's uh Jake's a good really really good promoter. &gt;&gt; How quickly does Anthony Joshua need to get rid of Jake Paul to emerge with his &gt;&gt; If he's there at any time, you know, if he's there for a while, then you that's good, mate. &gt;&gt; But what what is it? Two rounds? Is it if it goes beyond two rounds that &gt;&gt; look he's had 12 fights &gt;&gt; so it should be like that &gt;&gt; you would think so look at Nagano Nagano is a natural heavyweight a big guy and he done well and he went the distance with Tyson you know Tyson I'll say how it is something he didn't take too seriously he got clipped which can happen in fights and may happen with you may happen if Jake gets lucky but he got clipped and uh he you know came around and obviously then took control of the fight but AJ Neanu So he he he done what he had to do and and at that level that's that's what he should be doing. He's still a top 10 ranked heavyweight AJ. &gt;&gt; He's not old, is he? He's 30 and he's younger than the champion. &gt;&gt; He's and he's uh he is younger than champion and he's uh you know he keeps himself in good good nick. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's fascinating. Fascinating stuff. Um but yeah, we will find out this time tomorrow. We will know. Has the world changed forever? Has boxing is there more chaos than ever? &gt;&gt; Can I just tell you something? If he wins, say wins. You know what are we all supposed to do? Have look at that with great awe. It's what he's expected to do, isn't it? &gt;&gt; But if Jake Paul wins. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jake Paul wins. Jake Paul, I mean, he's, you know, it's two things. People say, "Oh, he's shot, AJ." But you forget about that. If he wins, and that's a big if, but if he wins, that's a major major major upset. &gt;&gt; Biggest ever. Well, I would think it's got to be right up there. One, I mean, it's not like, you know, I mean, look, I think AJ's certainly not the fighter he was, but he is a fighter, you know, a boxer. He's a trained boxer for many, many years. This is not Mike Tyson who's been, you know, puffing and blowing for God knows how many years and then at the age of 58 comes out and has a move around. This is a guy who's, you know, is is still a young man as far as being heavyweight's concerned and he's got power. &gt;&gt; Yeah. and ambition to become world champion again. &gt;&gt; Got the ambition. I want to see him fight some of our guys. He Yeah, he fight Tyson. If he fights Tyson, I'd like to see him fight I'd like to see him fight Fabio. I'd like to see him I'd like to see him fight &gt;&gt; fight against Moses. I'd like to see him, you know, fight fight fight Lawrence Kohley. All these guys, I'd like to see those fights and they're good fights to make for the fans. They're good good quality fights. I'd like to see him do all those fights. But you're looking how much money he's earning for this fight and how do you match it? &gt;&gt; How'd you match that? &gt;&gt; Maybe you just can't. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But let let's talk about Fabio then. Let's go back to Fabio. He is the world heavyweight champion now and uh I guess the world is his oyster. You look at that WBO top 15. So many marketable fights out there where it's like every fight is a big fight. What have your conversations been like with Fabio? I I was supposed to have lunch with him this week and uh unfortunately he was baby resil which is and I hope hope she's better but met with his management and sat down with the team Mike and Jay and uh and yeah we we we we know what we're going to obviously discuss that at the moment but there's a plan and he'll be he'll be out sometime late April early May. &gt;&gt; Okay. And you'd welcome an Anthony Joshua fight as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Not if he gets beat though. &gt;&gt; You'd welcome a Jake Paul fight presumably. Well, if that if that Paul beats him, I mean, you know, why wouldn't you do that? &gt;&gt; So, that's Fabio. That is the world champion you're ending the year with. There is a future world champion by everyone's book in Moses Talma who's got a big fight coming up fight coming up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we kind of learn a lot more in this fight. &gt;&gt; He will do because, you know, he believes in himself, Jermaine. He believes in himself, you know, and he's only he's never been never been stopped. He's only lost two fights. won against AJ where and against AJ a younger AJ you know big puncher he took his shots he took AJ's shots and he had a very very close fight that a lot of people thought he might have edged against Dillian White and that was a few years ago so that you know they're tough it's a tough tough fight for him you know he just turns 21 next week and uh he's you starting the year off with a plan and it is a plan he get you hopefully he gets through this fight and he'll be fighting for a world title next year. &gt;&gt; So there's the WBC ordered him and Lawrence Akoli. Of course, Akoli has been talking about that fight, welcoming it. There is the um Gasev as well who's just stopped Kubra Pulv as well. It feels like there's so many options for Moses. &gt;&gt; There's a load of options there, but he's got to focus on the 24th at the co-op in Manchester because he's in a fight on that magnificent seven show, which is a fabulous fight card. Really good matches there. Some great fights. I mean, it's a, you know, boxing nuts dream, you know, late Christmas present, but it's a it's a fabulous card and he's heading it up, as I say, in a in a a fight that's going to sell answer a lot of questions with people. &gt;&gt; Sold very well as well. Three sold very well as well. The arena &gt;&gt; only got a couple thousand tickets left. I mean, &gt;&gt; what an endorsement of his rising star power. &gt;&gt; It shows what he's all about. And he is a young I mean, he is funny. I was down in um uh in in the West End yesterday. We're driving past Ox Circus and there's the night shop there and there's this a massive billboard and I looked over and it's it's Moses. I thought he's following me everywhere. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, he he is the one that people are talking about. As much as they talk about, you know, the big fights, you want to see this, you want to see that. Never far from the conversation is what about Moses? Wouldn't that be good? &gt;&gt; And that's it. But as I say, the 24th we're going to see what about Moses. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And we're going to see what about Lawrence Aoli this weekend as well. in in Nigeria in Lagos. &gt;&gt; Ebenezete. I guess this is a fight where he just needs to get the win and then &gt;&gt; he needs to go out there and not get the win. He needs to go out and have an emphatic win. &gt;&gt; He had a bad injury in that last fight. I mean, you see the thing he to the muscle come away from his arm. It was an awful injury and it hampered him and I think he done well to keep his you know keep his composure and get through and win the fight. But um look, it it's got to be a big year for him as well. I mean, all these guys, you know, a lot of them are British. They're in a great great positions now. They're all knocking on that door or they're, you know, the garden gate there and they're not far away from the front door of having, you know, getting the opportunity of fighting for world titles. And, you know, Alex has still got three titles. He's going to have to defend them. The mandatory be called. He's either going to defend them or he's going to vacate them. So, whatever happens, the division's going to be buzzing. I don't want to see him vacate titles. I want to see him defend them. I want to see him defend against Fabio. But if he's going to vacate them, that's his privilege and his choice. Um, and that's it. And you know, and the people who keep saying, "Oh, they strip people because he that's not what it's about. They you've got a mandatory defense. When you when you have a fight, you told before who your mandatory is." It's no big shock to you. So if you don't want it, then don't fight for the title. Just on Lawrence Sakoli, from every impression that I've got on him the last couple of years, he seems to be a guy that just says yes. You can offer him any &gt;&gt; I tell you what, he he don't a conversation of him. He's he's never said no to anybody. &gt;&gt; And you get, you know, I've been in this game a long time. I can talk to someone and talk to you talk to the manager and you get a conversation. But when you talk to a fighter, you're talking to the fellow who's getting in the ring and and every fighter believes in themselves, but they might have that bit of doubt about fighting somebody. You never know. But you, you know, I know when I'm talking to someone whether they fancy it or not. And I got to say, everything with Lawrence, all he keeps saying, "Yeah, I'll have it." &gt;&gt; Yeah, he he Yeah, exactly. He seems willing to throw himself into the fire. He wants a bit of cababow. I think he's going to go out to Germany. &gt;&gt; He's coming out to Germany. Hope he gets through this uh on Sunday. He's on design. He's coming out to Germany. A sold out event we got there. It's a fabulous, you know, for us. We're not, you know, dipping our toe in the water out there. We've I mean, it's a brilliant brilliant um start. So, here do that. Hopefully, he does the business. He comes through that. And then we got uh you know, you got Daniel Dubo, you know, we we got lots of you, it's like a chessboard at all these heavyweights. So, we're moving it to give, you know, get everybody to fight each other. It's not the end of the world if you get beat, you know, if you get beat against a recognized heavyweight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, on on the AIC caviar, you must be over the moon with how well that has sold. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It went out two days gone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Tremendous. So, he he's becoming a real star as well. Actually, speaking to him because obviously he's the WBC interim champion. I spoke to him about the moment in the ring where Usyk put the interim belt on him and he said, "Yeah, yeah, this is cool, but I want yours." and he being able to sell out Germany in two days has shown that he is a marketable option Fabio sold it switching I mean you know there's 25,000 people it's peeing down a rain we lost the original opponent you know honey come in he had about two three weeks notice he came in the weather weren't good everything but that's what he did so could you imagine Fabio in with us that's a &gt;&gt; Wembley &gt;&gt; it's a Wembley &gt;&gt; because the people over here love us they come out for him as much as they like the Brits as well. They like him and they know when with when he's getting the ring you're going to get a good fight. So I I don't buy into this, you know, that oh I needed bigger things than that. There's money, you know, there's a big gate there and I think people, you know, you you you know, with the zone, if we go pay-per-view with it on the zone, it'll generate good money for the fighters. &gt;&gt; How is Daniel Dubois? We need to see this. &gt;&gt; That was his dad who just rang when I was on while we &gt;&gt; whilst we were talking about Fabio Wardley, actually. So his dad rang Stan and uh and I'll call you back Stan if you see this before. Um he we wanted to get him out wanted to get out. He had a little bit of an injury. So he'll be out I think at the end of March, April. &gt;&gt; So we're working on that and and again he no mess about with Daniel. He wants to go straight back in the big fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There was there was at the Parker uh Wley show we had all the heavyweights on the stage obviously as well and it seemed to be him who was just saying yeah let's go let's go and and he wanted a bit of cabal there as well &gt;&gt; which isn't normally a guy you seek out but Daniel's up for it isn't he &gt;&gt; he's up for it look because he's it's an exciting time he's another one you know he's never in a boring fight &gt;&gt; no &gt;&gt; he's you know you you get value for money you go and watch the fight he's in good fights quality fights and he he'd been on a run and unfortunately come against us and it wasn't his night. He just didn't he wasn't there. Um but he's ready to go again and he's still a young man and he's just turned 27 now. Was he in the maybe 28? Turned 28. So um I got to get in a big fight. He's got to reestablish himself and show what he's all about. &gt;&gt; He's in the WBO top 15. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, he is. &gt;&gt; Champion Serio Wardley. What a fight that would be. &gt;&gt; They're all good fights. I mean, they're puncturist. They're all good quality fights. So, you know, that's what we want to deliver. I mean, these are fights where you can get them in big venues. They're they're fights that feel appeal to the fans. And they're about what we want to deliver to to Done, who's our broadcast, and to the and to their subscribers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it feel it feels like there's so many there just kind of looming. You could just hit go and you know you're going to make a tremendous fight that will sell out. &gt;&gt; That's what we're trying to do. &gt;&gt; What about Derek Chazora? What can you tell us? &gt;&gt; Well, he's got his 50th fight. He's supposed to fought in and he's supposed to been fighting this weekend and we couldn't do it. You know, we we we was there and then there was a bit of messing about, not from our end and that was it. We unfortunately had to we didn't have time to put anything else together. We had to cancel the show, push our show back. Um he has got his 50th fight and we're there's quite a few options there and uh I'm hoping that will get sorted out over the holiday. &gt;&gt; Well, there was a moment where there there was obviously a show in Dubai. him and Deontay Wilder came together on the stage had a little bit of a bit of a test of strength I think but it got a lot of attention of course because people would want to see that fight is that is that an option &gt;&gt; yeah it is I mean it's again it's an exciting fight I mean you know Deontay against Fabio what you know that's another one two big bangers and both pull it out the bag you know what I mean that's that's how they fight they you know they're dangerous at any time in a fight that's another one which would be would would press all the buttons &gt;&gt; that would be that yeah that would be tremendous I actually remember on on the Chisora Wilder fight, you sort of had that done quite a number of years ago, right? It was meant to happen 2012, 2013, something like that. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. So, a bit of a rivalry that's been building up for years, eh? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What can you tell us about David Adelaide? What's What's the deal? &gt;&gt; Well, he's supposed to have been fighting in Africa. There was a pro he didn't get his there was problem not problem medically. He just didn't get it done in time. &gt;&gt; And uh anyways, that fight's not on. So he'll be out in the new year. I spoke to him um a couple of days ago and I said we'll get together after Christmas. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Sort out sort out what he's you know this year what we're going to do with it. &gt;&gt; The the other one final to on on the heavyweights is uh of course the Gypsy King because I'm seeing news stories every day. I'm seeing rumors. I'm seeing him make videos now which is something new where he's talking about how he'd knock out Anthony Joshua if their paths ever crossed. It's good to hear from him. Are we going to see him? &gt;&gt; I think so. He's indicated. Well, he said he wants to fight. He said that's what he wants to do. Just about sorting out the terms of the deal. &gt;&gt; So that Anthony Joshua fight pending Anthony Joshua beating Jake Paul which most of the world expects. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Feels realistic then for 2026. &gt;&gt; Well, you would think it. I mean that's how it is. And then then that fight would happen in the summer late summer because I mean he said himself AJ he's going to have another fight. Tyson's not going to sit on his bum. If he's going to be if he's having a fight then he's draft one himself. &gt;&gt; And just on that right now 2026 in your heart of hearts Tyson Fury against Anthony Joshua. How does that fight go? &gt;&gt; Providing Tyson gets what he's asked him for it'll happen. If you don't get it &gt;&gt; but on the fight itself, ding ding first bell. &gt;&gt; He only can forget about the first to get to the first bell. You got to pay the man what what you know what he what he thinks he's worth. If you don't get what he thinks he's worth, you don't you're not even going to get to the press conference, let alone ding ding. &gt;&gt; So, he's hoping. Here's hoping. &gt;&gt; Of course, that's what everybody wants to see if he's coming back. That fight's going to happen. He wants to happen now or at least the age that they are now. What would hate them to come back say five, six years later like some of these guys are doing when they be well past their prime. You want to see them fight when they're, you know, when they're, you know, they still got still got some some, you know, some life in them and they're, you know, the and the fight still a hot fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, as it stands, he's coming off a close fight with Alexander Usyk, but it's been a year, so you'd want him to probably have won before. &gt;&gt; They were close fights. Very. Yeah. Well, AJ's having he's having this fight uh tonight. He's having he's fighting again in February. So Tyson is not going to sit on his backside. He'd been out the ring for nearly two years by then. So he he want he want of course he want to get the rust out of his system. &gt;&gt; Well, let's speak about Hamza Shiraz because this is a man he is on a mission world title. &gt;&gt; He's WBO put it out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. WBC and and and both Yeah. He's out now. Crawford's vacated the belts. So he's there and he's got great options there and we're we're making a we're making money. I'd like I like, you know, I like like the fights. I like him with all with both the guys. I like the the BO1 because it's uh Queensbury against Matram. I like that one. But, you know, let's uh let's let's get it on. &gt;&gt; So, that would be against Pacheco. So, PCO's coming off that win. You don't see anything that troubles Hamza there or you just think &gt;&gt; they're good fighters. They're both good fighters, but I like Hamza. I think Hamza's very comfortable with the weight. He was struggling to do the weight as as we see with that fight he had in Riyad where he was, you know, got that draw and he was fortunate there, but he was struggling as you can see. But look what he did in New York &gt;&gt; in the other guy's backyard. I mean, that was a that was a classic classic um boxing, you know, classic uh performance from him and he done so well. I was very proud of him that night. &gt;&gt; Would you back him against anyone at 168 pounds down? cuz Crawford's gone now. Canelo's still there. I guess he's probably seen as number one, right? &gt;&gt; I've always would fancy. I mean, you know, Canelo has been a great fighter, but that fight he had out in Saudi with who's the guy who runs Skull. &gt;&gt; William Skull. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I thought I actually thought it was a very close fight. I thought he was giving him, you know, problems and he's saying he's a runner, but he was he was fighting to his ski his skills and I thought I don't think there was a lot in that fight and at that and that fight I I thought you know what he's getting hit too easily here and you know he's uh just there ready to go &gt;&gt; and you've seen that over &gt;&gt; and I just felt that in the fight he was having with Crawford that I thought the weight would be a big thing but it wasn't. Crawford was performant. It was magnificent. &gt;&gt; Well, hopefully we'll get news soon. Any idea when we can hear on Hamza Shshire all these options? &gt;&gt; He'll fight very early in the first quarter. &gt;&gt; So, we should hear quite soon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Denzel Bentley, a weight division below. There's that that middleweight division just seems to be no one really knows what's going on right now with with Yanbeck and everything that's going on with him. &gt;&gt; He's got a problem, doesn't he? &gt;&gt; He's got a problem. So, what does where where does Denzel Bentley fit into this? He what he's got his problem and if he can't clear that up quickly they will he he'll have to be stripped of his title and Denzel will fight for the vacant title. Denzel and and you know he was very unlucky against Yanovic coming those four rounds in that fight the first four rounds he he sort of was you can see was feeling him out if he had stamped on him a bit more he's a foreign he'd have won that fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. experience. It's a different fighter now as is Sam No because experience points &gt;&gt; Sam Notes I mean look he was in with a young man 21 year old fighter bloody good fighter he done well done extremely I'm not going to knock him in any way but Sam from that second or third round hampered by a terrible cut in a bad position you know you got it there you got the bloody eye you know he done magnificently well and he was right in that fight and he came you know and he came back and he I know he hurt him and And you know he he he he came out of that fight with more plaudits than going into it. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I knew he would give him a hard fight and I did fancy I fancied he could want could have won it &gt;&gt; and uh you know when I was sitting at ringside a lot people couple people say me I'll pull him out that cut I said no leave him if the corner of handling it which they were that was a bad cut but he he settled down once he settled down and Allan Allen and the team done a good job with it um he was he started getting really back into the fight and he certainly finished very very strong &gt;&gt; future is bright then for Sam Nex Sorry. &gt;&gt; The future is bright for Sam. &gt;&gt; Very much so. I thought I thought one of the judges scoring was appalling &gt;&gt; in that. &gt;&gt; We look forward to seeing Sam notes again. Let's uh let's talk about the show that you've announced now February 7th in Liverpool. We seem to be going to Liverpool quite a lot now. Nick B fourth world title defense against Brandon Figureroa. Yeah, the old wrecking ball against Figaro who's a bloody good fighter, very tall guy, big weight disparity, but that suits Nick and you know he's uh and we keep him busy. He's had a little bit of a break this time. I think he needs it, but we're going to keep him busy in 2026 and uh it will be a good fight. That's another one where the stars will make the fights and he won't have, you know, Brandon won't have to go looking for him, that's for sure. We we've got four UK world champions right now. Male world champions. Nick Bull's the only one who's defended his title and he's this will be defense number four. He he's poundforound one, two, three in the UK right now, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Easy. Yeah. Easy. I mean, he's done brilliantly. I mean, he's champion, you know. He's done it. He's done it at the at the highest level, that's for sure. We had the uh we had the press conference the other day because Andrew Kane is obviously going to fight Gonzalez in a final eliminator to take on Inua's brother and there is this feeling in the air Frank of Nick B versus Inu and Andrew Kane versus Inu. &gt;&gt; You know what two fights that I really do like and I do like the fights and it's great you know with for Paul Paul Stevenson I mean he's done brilliantly up there. He's a he's a really good quality trainer. You know, we got some good trainers over here and coach coaches. There's a difference between a trainer and a coach. You know, guys who actually, you know, not getting you fit and whatever, but actually are coaches and can teach the art of boxing and they and he gets the best out of his fighters. And uh again, it's he deserves it. He deserves what he's doing. &gt;&gt; Teacher is the right word. I've been up to that red triangle gym and he's got a room where he's got the screen and he puts old videos on and they're all sat down like it's school. They're just watching. You're almost waiting for someone to put their hand &gt;&gt; and that's what you do. You look at you look at old fights, you know, look at fighters and you look at them and see what they do, you know, you can see what they should be doing. But when they're doing you look at the, you know, the great fighters and you and you and you pick up things a little bit plagarism, it might be whatever, but you learn from it. You learn from it. You can see it and and that that gives you inspiration. &gt;&gt; Another one on that show, Jack Turner. He's starting to turn a few heads now. He's is there's something wild about him. I don't I don't think when you say it's wild, I think he it's not a controlled wild. I mean, he's a bloody he can whack. That's for sure. And that last fight I thought was good for him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Controlled wild man. I like that. That's kind of what he is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But he's uh he but he's got this like he gets that little bit of madeyed thing about him, don't he? But you I like him. He's exciting. There's some bloody exciting fighters up there and that's going to be an exciting card. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Brilliant. Uh well, I want to just finish up on the on the light heavyweights. We've got Ezra Taylor taking on Willie Hutcherson. What what a brilliant fight that is. And there's Bratzi lurking as well. There's there's so much going on. &gt;&gt; Well, that light heavyweight division is on fire, isn't it? Again, there's some good fights there. We're making them happen. You know, Willian Ezra is a I mean, it's a great fight to watch him. It's a good, you know, it's a bloody good even money fight. I'm looking forward to it. It's a great card. &gt;&gt; Where does Baxi sit in this? Because obviously, we saw the order from the WBC. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; He's the champion. He he came away with a prize and uh well number one he come away with a prize and uh there's some big fights again for him to be made. &gt;&gt; Look forward to it. That that division is on fire. Uh finally we're off to the races. Frank, what's going on here? &gt;&gt; Well, we're the the jockey club. Uh we've done a deal with them. We're we're basically promoting uh help them helping them jointly promote uh the derby meeting. So you got the Friday and the Saturday you got the Oaks and then the Saturday you got the Epson Derby and uh we're going to be putting events on on the hill which is in the center of course and uh &gt;&gt; you know to try and we will bring a big crowd there bring people in you know get families there big day out we're going to put entertainment on you got I mean for a horse racing nut you got the you know the the blue ribbon race, you know, that's that's always been part of the calendar going back how many hundreds of years, the derby, you know, and and for me it's quite nostalgic because when I was a kid, I used to work there as my, you know, my dad and my uncles, they used to have the pitches on the hill, they wor them and I used to get up there as a kid and bet or work as the outside man and or outside boys I was and um it's quite yeah it's quite a privilege for me and to be involved with such a historic eating an historic venue to be able to, you know, get involved in making it even bigger than it is and it is massive is a is um is a great challenge and something I'm really really looking forward to. Yeah, it be it would be it'd be really, you know, really really really exciting for everybody who goes there. They won't be disappointed. There'll be something for everybody there. No car parking fees anymore. Under 18, you don't pay. So, it's going to be a it's going to be a great day out. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Something for everybody. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, I'll be there. I'll be there. &gt;&gt; We'll bring Queens retouch. You know, we we're good at promoting and delivering big events and this is what we'll do. &gt;&gt; What is your Christmas message to fight fans, Frank? &gt;&gt; Christmas message is thanking all of all of the uh fight fans who've either bought tickets and come live or watched us on the zone. uh thanking them for their support and the the message is next year is going to be even bigger. It's going to be a great great year for British boxing. You're going to see some of our guys who we've invested in, I hope, deliver and become world champions and see some spectacular fights. Certainly some of the ones we've talked about. Hope we can get them over the line. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas to you. Merry Christmas to everybody.