Kind: captions Language: en Well, Frank, sold out shows they just hit differently, don't they? What a night in Dublin. &gt;&gt; Brilliant night. Brilliant night, you know, fantastic supporters, fantastic atmosphere and fantastic fights. You know, ticks all the boxes and uh we'll be back here again in the summer. &gt;&gt; And Antto Kaki, what a performance and a belt to take home for the for the prize. &gt;&gt; Yeah, two-time world champion. Two-time world champion. Uh you know, Belfast, Ireland, UK, everybody will be proud of him. the soldout shows, they keep on coming that the the fights are going all over the place. What a schedule for Queensbury at the minute. &gt;&gt; It's a brilliant schedule and there's some, as you say, some brilliant fights involved with some of the best fighters in the world and we're announcing another two next week. So, it's going to everyone's going to enjoy those and like those as well. &gt;&gt; Talk to us about the atmosphere at ringside tonight. There was I mean, the fights delivered. We said they would all week and they did deliver. The crowd certainly got behind each and every fight as well. What What was it like taking all that in? &gt;&gt; It was It was great. I mean, you know, it was special. It was special. I mean, the the the the noise and the passion. There's nothing like that. There's nothing like, you know, I've said it last week. There's nothing There's two things. There's nothing better than the than being told sold out. And there's nothing better than the crowd going crazy and enjoying themselves and enjoying what we put what we put together and the fighters performances. &gt;&gt; Anto was asked in the ring, what's next? He's saying he wants unifications. I mean, Dublin's got to be in that conversation shortly after tonight. &gt;&gt; Of course it has. And and we we'll work hard to do it. Look, these guys who fought tonight in in even bigger fights will sell out Croak Park, and that's what we'll aim to to do. That's what what what we'll be looking to do hopefully this year, but certainly next year. &gt;&gt; The talk over the next few weeks is going to revolve around heavyweights, but Adam Milanian was a heavyweight tonight that made his debut. You must have been happy with what you saw there. &gt;&gt; I was. I mean, you know, I've followed him as an amateur. Uh, you know, it's well documented. He's he's twotime junior world champion and junior, sorry, two-time European junior champion and one the heavyweight version as well. Sorry, the world world title as well. And uh I'm delighted he's on board with us and he's he's a great addition to what we're doing in the heavyweight division. heavyweight divisions. As I keep saying, it's a light. There's some fabulous fights there. We're putting the fights on. We got some of the best fighting the best over the next next few months. And uh it'll culminate in either Usyk fighting one of these guys or having to vacate the titles and we'll have new champions. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm sure there'll be a lot of heavyweight speak this week, but just on the topic of topic of debutants, Bobby Flood 21st birthday. He comes and does that in the first round. &gt;&gt; He done brilliantly. You know, I love it for him and you know, a great he he he looks like he's going to have a great future. &gt;&gt; He really does. Listen, Frank, hell of a night. Great atmosphere. Still lots to do, but congratulations. Great night. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much.