Kind: captions Language: en For 45 [music] years, Frank Warren has dedicated his life to the sport of boxing. From the small halls of London to the grandest [music] stages in the world. Joshua never seen a fight like this in the featherweight division on this level. &gt;&gt; Nilsbury, &gt;&gt; New York, Vegas, Wembley, Riad. He's been all over and he's worked with so many fighters over the years. Frank Bruno [cheering] &gt;&gt; to Prince Nim had it. &gt;&gt; Down goes Kelly again. Nasim Hamemed knocked out Kevin Kelly. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury. &gt;&gt; Seven eight nine. Can you continue over [cheering] the end of the fight? Daniel Dubour is the man. There's no way BACK FROM THIS SURELY. &gt;&gt; Joe Kzagi the left hook on the deck. &gt;&gt; Super middleweight champion of the world. &gt;&gt; Ricky Hatton BUSTERS SAID NO MORE. AND RICKY HATTON HAS DONE IT. &gt;&gt; He's even had big George Foreman over and Mike Tyson. Looks like a kick from a horse. And &gt;&gt; today I sat down [music] with the gaffer and we just had a little look behind the curtain as to what the last 45 years has been like. The man himself, Mr. Frank, how are you, sir? &gt;&gt; I'm good, young man. How are you doing? &gt;&gt; I'm very, very good. Now, if I just say to you 45 years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What starts going through your mind that you've been promoting for 45 years? &gt;&gt; Well, I've been promoting for 48 years, but with a boxing ball of control, I've been doing it for 45 years. And what do I what goes from my own? Where's all that time gone? It's flown by. &gt;&gt; Where has it gone? I mean, it's it's remarkable. &gt;&gt; You got to get it back. It's gone. It just flies by. And uh time flies when you're enjoying yourself. &gt;&gt; Did you think that it would last this long when you first got into it? &gt;&gt; I got to be honest. I don't even think about things like I just get on with it and take each day as it comes. I've never thought, what am I going to be doing in 45 years? I mean, that's never even, you know, wouldn't occur to me to think that way. I just think in the moment &gt;&gt; and you live for the moment essentially. &gt;&gt; Yeah, live for the moment and I suppose to a certain extent there is some in the future where it's boxers you're looking at the next move and so forth but from my perspective for me I just think about getting on with what's what's happening. &gt;&gt; Was there a moment during your career where where certainly early on where you thought this is it now this is this is me. I've made it. I'm going to I'm going to be doing boxing for the rest of my life. Was there a &gt;&gt; No, I got into it by accident in in what they called unlicensed, which meant they weren't licensed by the boxing border control back then. I got invited to take a license out 45 years ago and that was it. And and and it was always a challenge from the start. You know, the in those days there was only one TV company showing boxing that was BBC television which they showed recorded highlights of fights. There was no live boxing. ITV had got involved, dipped their toe in the water, but bailed out of it and then were doing bringing in fights from overseas, from Vegas, but showing them most of the time two days later and that was it. I got my license and in a very short space of time, a very short space of time, I got a TV deal. I got my first fight on BBC who the cartel which was Mickey Duff, Terry Lawless, Mike Barrett and Harry Lavine. They had a monopoly on all the venues in London. They had an exe exclusive contract with Royal Albert Hall. Jarvis sat on the board of Wembley and he was I think one stage was the chairman. So you couldn't book Wembley Wembley. &gt;&gt; You'd be locked down essentially. &gt;&gt; There was nothing else. There was no no O2 Arena. There wasn't no London Arena which I built I built in the 80s. Nothing there. And I couldn't even book York Hall. They had the exclusive on York Hall. So you had to be creative putting shows on in in ballrooms in circumsents and you know just trying being creative. And it was a bit of a challenge, but you know, I was young and I'm up always been up for a challenge and up for a fight, so I got on with it. And that's what I did. I signed fighters up. I got a TV deal. So the first fight I put on television was a purse bid old one when I bid against a cartel and it was Clinton McKenzie against Steve. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And I tried to do the deal voluntarily with the fighters, but they were terrified of their managers were terrified of doing a deal with me. We know I was offering really good money and it went to persp. So I got Clinton McKenzie to go to pers said whatever you do don't sign a deal tell anyone to go to persp and I promise you you'll get more money which he did. I won the persp and I got it got then I approached BBC who were the only people showing domestic boxing live boxing sorry boxing and uh they messed me about something rotten. And I could only get a venue on a um I I I think it was on a Monday night and I got in touch with them and they said uh cuz they used to show fights from Wembley in the Albert Hall on a Tuesday. They used to take place and they would show them the following night on a program called Sports Night, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And then they would show the highlights again on Grandstand on Saturday. So they shown them recorded, but they said to me um I told them the date, the Monday, and they said that they couldn't uh do the fight because it'd been too old by then. It's just nonsense. &gt;&gt; So I had to think what I was going to do, and I had a thought and I and I knew how I had to play it. And I remember ringing up Jonathan Martin, who was the boss back then, and I said to him, "If I can get a date within a day, will we will you do it?" He said, "Yes." I said, "I'm struggling. I can't get one. would you do it if I can? I went back to him and I said to and I already spoken to the venue. I knew where I was and I said to him um I could I can only get the Thursday saying, "Oh, we can't do that." I said, "I just can't get anything else." He said, "Well, if you could have got, you know," I said, "Bloody." I tried for a Friday. So, if you'd have got that, you know, we'd have done it. So, I don't know. So, I put the phone down. I already had the Friday, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, I give it about 10 minutes. So I rang him back. I said, "I've got the Friday." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Couldn't get out of it. So then they tried to screw me with the money they wanted to pay me. They were paying in those days sort of like 80 grand a show. It was a lot of money back then. And the fighters weren't getting I mean you know like pennies they were getting compared with a rights fee. We' done the deal and he all he' paid me was three and a half grand. &gt;&gt; That's what you got out. &gt;&gt; That's what I thought I' got to do it. So I done it. I'm I'm going to do my deal. I knew I was going to lose money and I did um and but I put advertising on the corner post. There were never any advertising. &gt;&gt; They actually pulled a fight with John K's fight when there was some advertising on his shorts. They they didn't show it. &gt;&gt; Why was this rule? &gt;&gt; Because in those days it wasn't allowed. That was the rules. But I I put the advertising on the corner post. So, I've got a few quid today, not a lot, but you know, I'm I'm opening the door for, you know, for another income stream. And anyway, I got the fight on. It was on and that was the only fight I ever done on BBC. &gt;&gt; Right. Okay. Wow. &gt;&gt; And then within It was a good thing I did it though. So, within very short space of time, I met Bob Burrows, late Bob Burrows, who's a good mate of mine who become a good mate of mine who was head of T's TV. In those days, ITV was all different regions. So we agreed that we were going to do some boxing and simultaneously Joe Bugnner said he wanted to come back. He contacted me. Everybody said I was mad. Don't bring him back. You know, no one was interested. But I just had this feeling and I and I did it and I did a deal with Joe. Came back. The airport was full of photographers and it got a real massive welcome and uh that was my first show on ITV. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's amazing. And that wouldn't have happened unless you kind of bet on yourself with the BBC gig beforehand. Essentially doing your dough on that. &gt;&gt; Well, I done my dough on the very first fight I did cuz I went through all the TV nonsense with that cuz the border control had a regulation. No live TV dates unless you run a certain amount of shows. Sorry, no TV dates. Not live, no TV dates unless you run a certain amount of shows. And I got uh American TV wanted to do this fight America two American fighters. I was going to put them on at the Bloomsbury Crest Hotel in their ballroom and uh it was all good to go and the ball knocked it back. So yeah, but I learned on the job, you know, I thought, okay, they're the rules. You know, I was very good at when I was on the other side of the, you know, outside of the boxing ball of control. If I I was winning all the battles, then I got in there and they would do me with the rules. So I took sat down with a rule book and I studied it and that's how you know and I used the rules book rule book to my advantage as well and against them and uh then I wanted to do a show with live live boxing as a young boxer called Keith Wallace late Keith Wallace great little flyaway that I wanted to go live with ITB wanted to go live and they wouldn't let me do it they said no no and I said well I'm doing it and I said if you stop me I'll sue you and it got right they said they'll withdraw their officials and that was on the afternoon of the fight and in those days you had tlexes. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. And my I was in my lawyer's office and they was talking to the ball's lawyer and he was really good Oscar abuse link late Oscar abuse link and he just said to him if you do not confirm within 15 minutes that you aren't these officials are going to be there and this can go on. He said you will be sued for every penny that Mr. Warren will lose. So this went right to the wire, &gt;&gt; right to the wire. And on the night, right, it's 5:00 at night. They said they they relented and that was the start of live TV and live TV because they were worried that in their mind, you got remember they were it was nice and they never had to make any decisions back then. They had the cartel and that was it. BBC, there was no one in there. They didn't have to there was no sides or anything. It was just that. And the excuse was or the reason was was because if you had it live on TV, people would buy tickets. And I didn't subscribe to that. In fact, I felt that it'd help. And it's live boxing. You know, nothing better than live sport, is it? You don't want to watch recording. Don't tell me the score. Don't tell me the result. I want to wait 24 hours. You know, come on. &gt;&gt; You just couldn't. &gt;&gt; You want to see it? And that's where the excitement was and that's what happened. &gt;&gt; It's almost like the Saturday 3 p.m. argument, isn't it? That's that's why they don't televise them because no one would go. But so the sport has changed so much then in 45 48 years like &gt;&gt; Yeah. music, all the music, all the fan in, you know, for a big fight, they'd have a fan fair, they, you know, maybe an old scratchy record or they would have trumpeters come in and play the play the, you know, play a fan fair, &gt;&gt; right? Is this for someone's ring ring entrance or &gt;&gt; and then they would glove up in the ring? &gt;&gt; But because we now are on live TV, we had, you know, time's precious. Glove up in the dress rooms. Fighters are warm. They're all warmed up, ready to go. Loud music, you know, cuz I mean I had nightclubs before that and whatever. So I was quite into music and things and uh and I'd pick all the music what went on and we'd put the music on and and I can remember Ray Clark who was late. He was a good bloke actually. I got well with him at the end. But he was to general second sitting at ringside all in his ears. &gt;&gt; Never never seen or heard anything like that. &gt;&gt; And I try to do an interview and all the music going on whatever and I can't hear a bleed. I can't hear what somebody's asked him. &gt;&gt; These are remarkable changes though because like I I would take that for granted. Of course there's going to be music at the show. Of course there's going to be sponsorship on the ring aprons, Ring Card Girls, etc. &gt;&gt; No canvas advertising, nothing. There was nothing. &gt;&gt; And it is &gt;&gt; no round car as you say nothing. &gt;&gt; But is that because of a a lack of sort of vision at the time? just didn't happen. It's not vision or anything. It just didn't happen. And I did that unlicensed shows on the unlicensed shows. We did all that. So just basically took that across and it was and it was good with some boxers cuz you know you'd pick something from him which become their theme song and and then obviously you know everybody started to do it but you know it get you know working against a cartel was really hard work. I mean they they were not you know they behind the scenes they really really give it to us and it's what you you know and you you had to really stand firm with them and fight them and that's what I did. &gt;&gt; Where did that resolve come from then because that that sounds like a because you were a young man as well right? That's a very intimidating environment to go into against the establishment and be sort of on your own. &gt;&gt; I was in your 20s. I was in my 20s so I was you know I was young but I've always stood me ground. Whatever I'm doing, I'm on it and I'll do it and I'm, you know, I don't want to take liberties of anybody, but no one can take liberties with me. &gt;&gt; Has that been the biggest challenge, do you think, in your kind of boxing career, that initial breakthrough? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you got to start somewhere, haven't you? You have to start somewhere. And that was the start. I mean, it's like everything. Nothing comes easy. If it was easy, everyone would be doing it. And it was tough times. And it was And what was tough was fighters cuz all the all the big named fighters were all with a cartel. And if you didn't box for the cartel, you didn't get on television. &gt;&gt; So, you know, I was up against that. But I signed up quite a few amateurs, good amateurs. I was I mean, I was only a couple of years older than some of them. I mean, Joe Bug was old is old was he late Jonah as he is now. He was older than me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But but you've always had the eye for the talent. So, whilst the &gt;&gt; Yeah. But you learn, you know, learn. I mean, I've always I'm sports nuts. I'm absolutely always been sports and boxing, you I had a couple of second cousins were boxers, family members were boxers, you know, professionals, you know, amateurs and all that sort of stuff. But I've always been really into it and Ernie FSY worked me from day one. Ernie FSY was a really good bloke, knew his boxer, ex fighter, but great cornerman, great cutman, probably the best cut man out of all of them. And really, really, you know, old old school, didn't stand no nonsense. And I worked the corners. I mean, I worked Joe Bugner's corner. I worked Keith Wallace's corner. I worked all I worked all my fighters corners. I spend a lot of my time in the gym. Okay, I don't do that now because I just don't get the time. But I was in the gyms all the time. I was in the gyms cuz a lot of the the what they call the unlicensed fighters and I formed my own governing body called National Boxing Council. But all those fighters trained in professional gyms in gyms where professional boxers were. So I'd be up there. I'd be watching looking at other trainers and watching the fighters and you know and you [clears throat] you pick if you got any brains you pick some of it up. What happens today? None of them none of them going to the gym. They say they're going there but I know they don't. I listen to some of them. They know what they're talking about. It was an education and it was an education working with those guys and working with Ernie and without their knowledge and so forth and I suppose you know you've got their knowledge and I think that you know my sort of knowledge and some of the things that I do in my acumen if whatever you want to call it and it worked. &gt;&gt; Where did your sort of fighting knowledge come from? Cuz for you to take a role in the corner of a fighter like for example I I don't think Eddie Hearn could do that. I'm not sure that he's he's positioned to do that, but you you were clearly comfortable at a young age, not being a fighter yourself, right? But taking a position in the corner, what what was your role there? And how much how much could you give a fighter there? &gt;&gt; I I mean, I weren't the lead lead second. I was working with Ernie. I was working with my brother Robert as well. I mean, worked there as well. We &gt;&gt; just did, you know, we did it and we picked it up and you know, you you learn if you got any brains, you learn. Some people there's some people could you could put me in a corner and I won't know nothing if they if they stayed in a corner for 100 years and there's some people who I mean I've sat next to people and I'm listening to them and I'm thinking what the you know what are they on about &gt;&gt; that's still in you now like we see you sometimes go over to a fighter call come on get &gt;&gt; that's what I think Warren is screaming at to throw the uppercut &gt;&gt; I mean and let's get it right I mean as I say it's 48 years I don't know now I I'm not say I know everything, but I know I'm not I'm not a bad judge of fighters. I'm also I'm not so much now, but I was a manager as well. I think I've managed more more champions than any other British manager. And I think I've promoted now more world title fights or more title fights than any any British uh promoter. &gt;&gt; So, it hasn't gone too bad then, has it? The last 48 45 years. &gt;&gt; No, it's been it's been ups and downs. Listen, I've I've I've had I've been I've had my back to all financially a few times. You know, I'm not to make any say I haven't, but you know, had the self-belief and and the wherewithal to come through it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The resilience is one that I think I think you'll be remembered for sort of 50 100 years from now. It will be the resilience. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But [clears throat] but you know that's it. But good fighters have res resilience, don't they? You know, all the good fighters, they got it in them. &gt;&gt; Prince Nim Hammed. Now when I when I look back when I was younger sort of growing up that that would be the the guy that I'd be like wow he's he's amazing. I'd see you by his side that felt like the real a fun moment in your career to be with Prince Nim Hamid. I bet you've got fond memories of that. &gt;&gt; It it was but I've had a lot of fun. I mean, you know, for me, I didn't take it I mean, as much as I do take it serious, I also do have a sense of humor about things and I've always, you know, and and I've always risen to the the challenge and, you know, and sometimes done it with a smile on me face, you know, relishing it. Naz was Naz was great. Naz come along, a kid from Yemen. Most people thought he come from Pakistan, but he come from Yemen. And him and Brendan came down to my house and I done a deal with him. When I knew when I met him, I knew I could do something. He weren't he didn't he weren't with me from the start. He'd had a couple of fights. I think he might have had a couple with well he had a couple Mickey Duff and a couple with Matram, but they didn't do you know nothing happened with him. So yeah, he came with me and I and I and he got it. He knew what I was trying to do and he was great to work with from that perspective and then his brothers got involved and his brother's just a pain in the ass and just screwed it all up. &gt;&gt; This is a story you would have seen so many times though in Boston. &gt;&gt; Well, it does. I mean, you know, sometimes families get involved and families are good. Sometimes they don't. It depends where they're coming from. You know, I I don't like to believe or think they're different that a member of a family is trying to screw their kids. They want the best for their kids. You know, me, I'd want the best for my kids and you expect the same. And sometimes what people are grateful for to start with and up until the point they get to a stage, then afterwards they there becomes a little bit resentment to maybe some of the people around them. And it happens and you know and and it really does piss you off. But you know nothing surprises me in boxing at all. Been there, seen there, done it and and I've seen and and I can tell from day one who's going to be the pain in the ass. &gt;&gt; But Naz was &gt;&gt; 90% of the time Naz was all right and Brendan, but that but the but when the brother got involved and it just the whole thing just fell apart and Naz I mean Ned retired was he 27 28 &gt;&gt; he was retired. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And &gt;&gt; he had one fight after Barrera, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he had that fight. He had the fight in in uh I think it was London Arena. He came back and and it was sad because he had so much and he shouldn't have been in with Barrera. He weren't right. He was one of his family basically talked him into doing it. And I'm not taking nothing around away from Brea who by the way won the world title with me. Um but he, you know, it just didn't it just didn't happen. But you had a great crowning moment with him in in New York, right? That Kevin Kelly fight &gt;&gt; Kevin Kelly was a great fight. Wales me fought Steve Robinson who was a bloody good fighter. Steve Robinson beat nearly everybody. Uh he you know he's another one who shows that you come from a background where you're not you know no one done him any favors. He was a bit of a, you know, he done it the hard way and then he won the title coming as a last minute replacement and and won the world title and and came with me and and he had quite a few defenses and then obviously as the business happened and Naz kept winning they clashed and &gt;&gt; he was 21 wasn't he at the time &gt;&gt; the youngest ever British world champion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amazing. Amazing. Listen and you and again you've always have the eye for the talent. I'm going to segue quickly to to Moses it because you know there's lofty ambitions for him. He's 20 years old. He'll be 21 next month or the month after that as well. &gt;&gt; December. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Have you seen it in his eye? You know when you when you get that feeling when you when you're with a fighter? &gt;&gt; He is a special talent, you know, and at his age he's done better than anybody I can think of. I mean, anyone and done brilliantly at that, you know, that age. Joe Kzaki, lots of them. But he he's he is an amazing talent. An amazing talent. He's got a tough fight next fight out. It's not an easy job that 20 full for January up in Manchester. You know, Germaine's uh what's he 27 and 0. He's only lost two fights and they both were on [clears throat] points. Joshua Dillian and they were year quite a few years ago and and a lot of people felt the Dillian fight was close. Um so no one's no one stopped him. So, you know, we get some questions answered of of uh Moses on the night. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, and so many of these fighters have answered questions along the way. And uh yeah, it'll be interesting to see what happens with Moses. I I want to talk a little bit about your kind of eye for matchmaking. For me, there's there's two big examples that come to mind in my kind of time watching boxing was when Amir Khan took a loss to Bradis Prescott. Three fights later, he was world champion. And that would have been you guiding him there. &gt;&gt; Well, the Braders Prescott wasn't my fault. No, that was his family &gt;&gt; and the coach as well, right? There was a &gt;&gt; Oh, he's a coach. They picked him and this is one of my one of my faults, you know. I said, I don't want the fight. I said, I can't find it. I couldn't at that stage couldn't find any footage. I looked at his record. Spoke to somebody who told me what he was. I said, don't we don't need this. What do we need it for? You know, he's he's undefeated. No, he's there. the the coach said that he'd seen him in the gym and all this stuff and uh his perfect opponent and then so basically what's happening is the family are taking the coaches they're picking what the coach says rather than what I said and I got to tell you there's some great trainers and there's some trainers who are terrible matchmakers because you're a great trainer don't make you a great matchmaker and anyway it got to the stage which you know I had an argument with them I said and in the end I thought saw it. Um, get on with it. And at the weigh in, I knew he was going to get beat. I could just see it and and Amir didn't look right. You could see this was a man. He's in where he's a boy. He's a man. And you could tell this and I could cheers. I knew what was going to happen. I don't I didn't think it was going to happen in one round, but I knew it was going to. And that's what happened. And afterwards, we went back to the dressing room afterwards. And I was pissed off. And uh his dad and a couple of his team, they said, "Oh, what are we going to do now? What are we going to do next?" I said, "If I was you, I'd sack the matchmaker." I said, "I'm mind your own business in future and let the people know what they're doing, do what they got to do." And then we made a win. He had a couple of wins, then he fought a he went up a weight, and they didn't want to go up the weight. I said, "I'm telling you, you'll beat this fell." And we did a deal where he was getting X amount for the fight. If you won it, he was on a big purse &gt;&gt; for, you know, defending the title. And I said to him, "And if you get beat, I'll pay you the same money." That's how confident I was. And he won the fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that was Catelnik, of course. &gt;&gt; He was a good fighter, by the way. He done a job fight. I think he'd um he'd beaten Marcus Maidon. There was there was a good thing there. So, yeah, that was a lesson for you really then in terms of family telling you, "No, no, we're going to fight this guy and maybe you should America. Our contract, you know, they didn't, you know, we didn't even get in and I got a bit pissed with that. They went off to America and he went to America too soon. You know, couple more fights here, but anyway, it's irrelevant. It's done. &gt;&gt; It is done. Uh Tyson Fury's big comeback was a was a magical time in the last sort of 10, 15 years. &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. when we we met up and we sat down and I liked Tyson and I could see in his eyes that where he was at and he'd obviously had these terrible problems, you know, personal problems and you know the uh the booze and taking stuff he shouldn't be or dabbling stuff he shouldn't be dabbling in and the weight he was about he was a good I think 10 and a half 11 stone overweight. He was all over the place in some ways, but he he found that boxing gave him focus, you know, being in a gym and whatever. So, we done a deal and uh I took him in. I'd already done our deal quite probably about six seven months before with BT as it was then. And I took him in. I said, "I want to I want to go with this go with go with this guy." And uh there was a little bit of you know, we don't want we don't want this. And and I said, "Well, he's done a deal with us. I want this is where we are and it was one of the most surreal meetings I've ever had. It was brilliant and uh it was fun. &gt;&gt; Who was in the room? &gt;&gt; Uh couple dire sex Andy Hworth who's a real good guy. He's no longer there. I think he's at the FA now. Steve Norris. Few Yeah, a few of them. Um and it was it was it was hilarious. I mean it was you never I was sitting there thinking can you imagine these guys been dealing with the rugby league you know so rugby union association with you know cricket and everything and here's here's us here it's like it was it was surreal but it was great and we got it off and I told them I said we will wind up controlling the heavyweight division it take a few years and BT over that period of time they were getting bigger numbers on on on the big fights and widow were and sky again and we overtook them. We built a really strong stable and made a decision that we would focus on the UK market &gt;&gt; to start and then build from there. I' already been to the states as you mentioned early Madison Square Garden first Brit show there launched the Showbox series Joe Kzaki Ricky Hatton they all fought regularly on Showtime or HBO on a regular basis. cuz I mean no one had exposure like we were we were getting then back then. So we done all I' done all that been there and then you know things moved on and and uh and then certainly over the last few years my you know my two of my kids George and Frances are now got involved in the business in the box. &gt;&gt; You didn't want that initially? &gt;&gt; No. No, I didn't. I want and they they all have very good educations and I didn't I didn't want them in it and uh but they were bitten by the bug. They were watching. We think on a Saturday night. What am I doing? I'm at a show. They're watching it on TV. They just But they're boxing nuts and that's what it is. And George is the CEO now. France is out on his own managing fights. He manages Moses, uh, Sam Notes and and some other really good young fighters. &gt;&gt; How much involvement do you do they still come to you for advice or are they just fully &gt;&gt; now? And then they they're quite I mean they're young men, but they've, you know, they've been in the business a long time. They're good at what they do. &gt;&gt; You must be proud. &gt;&gt; I am proud of them. I'm pr I'm very very proud of them. I'm proud of what they do and and how they, you know, what they've managed to achieve between them. But it's Yeah, it's good. And and and it'll always be in safe hands with George at the helm. He's he's quite cool, calm, and collected. And Frances, they're different personalities. And Francis is uh you know, he's found his role in what he's doing. Talk to me a little bit more about Tyson because that initial when he's 30 stone or whatever and you must have seen something in his eyes. Other people may not have seen that in his eyes. What is it that you saw that made you think? &gt;&gt; Well, I knew first of all he's a really really good fighter. That's where he was. And obviously he went off the rails. There was a spark there and the hunger and he and everything he said he'd do, he done. &gt;&gt; When you know, you know. &gt;&gt; I believed in him. I believed in him and he believed in in in me. That's when we got it together. &gt;&gt; What What would you say your best night in boxing's been so far? &gt;&gt; Oh, do you know what? I've been blessed with so many. It's very difficult for so so many. You know, I look at I mean going from now going backwards. I mean I look at Tyson those fights with Wilder. &gt;&gt; Six seven eight nine. Can you continue over now? Now that [cheering] surely is going to be the end of the fight. I look at Daniel Dubois knocking over AJ. THERE'S NO WAY BACK FROM THIS SURELY SEVEN &gt;&gt; THE over dynamic destructive dyno by [music] performance. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. I'm going to go all the way back. You know the Naz fights. &gt;&gt; Down goes Kelly again. Nathim Hamemed knocked out Kevin Kelly. &gt;&gt; Ricky Hatton winning winning his world title in his hometown in Manchester against Costasu. &gt;&gt; COSTU'S GONE AND SAID NO MORE. AND RICKY HATTON HAS DONE IT. &gt;&gt; JOE Kawzaki was a phenomenal fighter. Phenomenal fighter. Undefeated. Great wins against Jeff Lacy, against Bernard Hopkins, who's bloody good fighter. beating a really really good Kesler, you know, really good 54,000 people. &gt;&gt; Unification. &gt;&gt; Unification. And And I'll tell you something, he took a lot out of Kesler as Joe did again against Jeff Lacy. Jeff Lacy was never the same after that fight. &gt;&gt; Well, Jeff Lacy was &gt;&gt; and and remember Jeff Lacy was a champion. That was unification. And he was a m all all the fights I'm talking about, all the other guys were favorites. All of them. Not one of not one of the fights I talk about were our guys favorite. &gt;&gt; Jeff Lacy was meant to be Mike Tyson reincarnated. &gt;&gt; Well, he was he was blushing everybody out. He was doing the business in style and you know all of them. Costazoo was number one in I think number one pound for pound you know all of them everyone until that were all of them were all all big underdogs. adds to it though, doesn't it? When you win as the underdog like again the Tyson Fury story, he wasn't meant to come back and dethrone Deontay Wilder &gt;&gt; because Yeah. Well, of course it's good. Especially it's good if they're with us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly that. Um in terms of rivalries with with other promoters and all that, is it good for boxing, bad for boxing? &gt;&gt; It's good for of course it is. I mean, you know, you don't want monopolies and it is good for boxing. Monopolies are no good. You have a monopoly. public going to suffer and the boxers going to suffer because they got no choices and I've seen it happen in other sports and you know it's not good. It's great to have competition. I I've always thrived but I never worried about what somebody else is doing. I always worry about what we're doing. Long as you focus on yourself and what you're doing and you're good at what you do, you'll always come through. If you start worrying about what someone else is doing, you're not focusing on your own business. &gt;&gt; Does it drive you on though? particularly in this last era, the era that we're in now, the rivalry with with Matroom, with Barry and then with Eddie as well, it felt like you almost you're trying to sort of outdo each other. That must kind of bring you up even more. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. I mean, it's it's you know, there's been that, but we've, you know, we've been quite successful. We've had we've had our good moments. &gt;&gt; And it is a clean sweep for Queensberry 10. [applause] There we go, boys. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Make sure &gt;&gt; I can see it. I can see it. It's right behind you. There it is. The five versus five glove. It's in shot. But look, a crowning moment. A glorious night, right? &gt;&gt; It was a great moment. You know, it's for me. It was a fabulous night. That was I I enjoyed I did enjoy that. &gt;&gt; How much has the sport changed in terms of access accessibility to the public? You touched upon it earlier in terms of used to even not be live in the UK, but so much changes over the years. Pay-per-view, I think you were you did the first Sky Sports box office, box nation was yourself as well. We're now in the kind of the zone era. &gt;&gt; First fights first fights ever on Satansa. Given their first champion, their biggest rating for that ITV massive massive boxing put their first, you know, regular boxing slots on live boxing. Done all of them. I'm, you know, I've been blessed with all that and and done them and it's been it's been uh it's been an interesting science, but it's changed. It has everything's evolved, but at the end of the day, all the stuff outside evolve, you know, social media and and some of it something I could do without, but it is what it is. Um, newspapers, their power has diminished, their sales have diminished. Um, you know, there are a lot of TV channels now. There was only, as I said, the two when I started out. There's lots of TV channels now and uh and and quite a few of them are showing boxing, which is good for the fight game. In America, it's just died on its ass. You know, HBO have gone. I mean, when I started ABC, uh NBC, terrestrial t broadcasters were showing fights. Um you get u then you had Showtime. I mean, Showtime and and HBO were considered to be like niche companies, man. And they're big companies now. And it's the same when Scott when when I went to Sky. Sky had three and a half million subscribers when I went to them. It's all they have. Um, but you know what? The end of the day, all people want to see is boxing. Want to see good fights. It's all about the fighters. It's about the fights because that's what it is. You know, I I look at um UFC and people and they've done a great job with UFC, you know, great job. But you look at it, if somebody says to you, I'm going I I don't really know many other than Conor McGregor and maybe that what's his name? They're the ones I don't not being disrespectful, I'm not really into it, so I wouldn't but I can't think of any big names. any big big names and you look how many you know icons of boxing there've been over the years and you never get people say I'm going to see the UFC tonight I'm going to UFC tonight they never say I'm going to see Queensbury show or a match from show they say I'm going to see the fight that's the difference between the two sports it's fighter driven &gt;&gt; and boxing allows the fighter to to rise better is that is that kind of what &gt;&gt; oh I mean you know it's it just the way it is. I mean, you know, the rankings are independent. All these things are, you know, they're all outside of it. And some people may not agree with them, but, you know, there is it's how it's how it's always been &gt;&gt; in in terms of Box Nation. That that felt like quite a quite a move at the time. Maybe ahead of its time. &gt;&gt; Well, it was ahead of its time, but at that time, Sky decided they had four promoters. They put four promoters giving them eight dates each and they want to give us 800 grand a piece. So that's 100 grand a show. What am I supposed to run for 100 grand? And I thought this is Let's go and do our own thing. And that's what we did. Then they tried to stop us from getting getting our pay-per-view channel up. Go to Offcom. We fought hard and we won the day there and got our channel. Really had to fight hard there. And I go back before that when with venues. I went we went and built our own venue for 12 and a half thousand seat. It was the biggest biggest um indoor arena in London at the time what we built. &gt;&gt; These barriers that people put put up just makes you want it more. &gt;&gt; It was what it was. But sometimes when you're a pioneer you get the arrows. You know you're before your time and but but you know it's it's been it's been great. Box Nation was really good. I mean look at all the fights you you know he's on there. Think all those fights all the Canelo fights. you know, &gt;&gt; Mayweather, &gt;&gt; Mayweather, everybody fought on on there. We, you know, we we were delivering fabulous show fights shows and it was just a couple of pay-per-views that were were going to run which would have made the difference and there was a problem with it and then we got made an offer eventually by BT. &gt;&gt; Did you know that that would come? Did you &gt;&gt; going to buy us? I'll tell you the true story. So the deal was Queensbury were getting dates and they were going to acquire Box Nation. That's what was happening and it was all going through. Everything was done. They bought us first and then that was the next phase. And then what happened? They had a fraud in Italy one with their Italian comp an Italian company that BT owned and it was a fraud something to do with their accounts. big big scandal and their share price hedged and they stopped all acquisitions and that's that killed us. What? What you &gt;&gt; you got it was where how long we &gt;&gt; so 20 2012 I think 2011 late 2011 &gt;&gt; boxation probably within the sort of three or four years three two years I can't even remember where but that's what happened so that that killed us that killed the box nation thing and and obviously we we made our decision at that stage &gt;&gt; the fights were on box nation and BT if you remember it's a simultaneous broadcast and then they wanted them exclusively and we did a deal and it was it was a I was gutted over that, you know, but their share price took it's never recovered. &gt;&gt; When we started Box Nation, we had we had three investors and one of them sent us a confirmation that he'd wired the funds. We all put our money in. We all put and it never arrived and I never heard we never heard from him again. And we sued him for what it's worth because he we had to go through the motions to do that. And we won the case and and and but the very first show I shouldn't have run it because the the m the the money didn't come in but we thought that everybody's trained. I don't want to delay it. We could have pushed it back while we were looking for other other monies. And that's me stupid sometimes I am. But &gt;&gt; would you do it again? &gt;&gt; No. Cuz you don't get any grat and a couple of fighters on there. We we it took us a little while to pay them, you know. They got paid like a month later than they should have done, but they got paid and we were m we were we were millions out because the money didn't come in, but we honored it and paid everyone and and and paid them good money and given great opportunities. But yeah, it's what it was. &gt;&gt; Well, some of that &gt;&gt; and and one of the fighters, one fighter, Enzo Minelli, was an absolute star. &gt;&gt; I've heard you speak well about him before. Absolute star Enzo. Proper bloke. &gt;&gt; I think you said if you could go for a drink with anyone, it'd be &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because of how he was. I mean, he I [clears throat] mean, you know, he knew what was what and he But I should never I should and I look back at it and I look back at it with a lot of regret. &gt;&gt; So, is that you leading with your heart and not your head at times? &gt;&gt; Well, it is. I mean, when I remember when Bob Arum and Matram were doing a show in Hong Kong, I think Herby Hide was on there and the money never got put in. Now, would you run it or not? They didn't run it. cancelled it and everyone got no one got any money but that was it. If id have done that no one could have screamed that's when the money's got there. What do you want me to do? &gt;&gt; But you did [laughter] and and everyone was happy. All right. &gt;&gt; Well well they got I mean if you had to wait for the money that you were getting paid. You had to wait a couple of weeks longer. I mean it weren't the end of the world. And obviously we're good for it with the B, you know, with the boxing ball of control and everything because that was what it but and and there was a lot of was put around at the time and whatever, but it was all part of part of life and getting on with it. &gt;&gt; You've had so many barriers, right? Was there ever any moment where you thought &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; really, &gt;&gt; you never thought. &gt;&gt; So many slaps across &gt;&gt; times. A couple of times with, you know, fight you think, oh yeah, I'm not going to invest in someone again like that. &gt;&gt; But I'm talking about you walking away from the sport. It's never been a a consideration &gt;&gt; because there must have been so many times where there was a door where you just &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you know that's life thing. Don't you know if you don't have bad times, you can't appreciate good times. &gt;&gt; So you get on with it. &gt;&gt; What keeps the passion alive, Frank? &gt;&gt; Okay. Because I enjoy it. I enjoy spotting young talent or young talent coming with us that we can, you know, we can invest in and bring them through. And we're good at doing that. We've done it time and time. We do it better than anybody. And I'm being bigheaded about it. We do it better than anybody. Develop them. And I'm not talking about Olympians and I'm talking about kids you never, you know, no one may not have heard of. You maybe in a trade a couple of people, but you know, good young fighters and bring them through. &gt;&gt; That that seems to always be something that sets Queensbury apart that sets you apart is that it's not necessarily the the Olympians, the GB. &gt;&gt; No, because some of those kids you as well, you think they didn't get picked for the GB squad cuz somebody prefers or like somebody more than they like him and they get left out. I mean that can happen you know there are people who train to go to the Olympics and suddenly don't get picked four years I could have turned pro earlier that's why I have no problem turning you know Naz was a young pro Ricky Hatton turned pro early so did Amy lots of guys so did Daniel Dubois so is Moses you know that Moses and Daniel never even had a senior fight &gt;&gt; yeah amazing amazing okay Frank um how how do you want to be remembered when when this s 45 years time from now what What do you think people will be saying about Frank? &gt;&gt; God knows I won't be here to know about it, will I? So, it don't really matter, does it? &gt;&gt; You probably won't be. &gt;&gt; Listen, whatever it is, it's like Eric, you're here today, you're gone tomorrow. All I know is time flies quick. And I hope I hope the next few years don't go as fast. &gt;&gt; Been a pleasure. &gt;&gt; It's a pleasure, man. &gt;&gt; And congratulations on 45/48 years. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah.