Kind: captions Language: en We witnessed one of uh the true modern-day legends tonight in action and he was a superb performance winning his IBF belt back and retaining his other three belts. uh you know Alexandra Usyk a for me a heavyweight in any generation would be an outstanding fighter and uh I take my hat off to him in how he coached and how he showed such mental resilience in in the other guy's backyard and uh you know he's something special he's a special special fighter I thought up until that round I thought it was a pretty good fight to watch Um, and Daniel's obviously very disappointed. He's in the dressing room at the moment and uh he's if he's going to come back, he's got to learn from it. He's only 27 years of age. He's, you know, I look back at, excuse me, uh, Frank Bruno, for example, three times he fought for the world title and he got it in the fourth fourth uh, attempt and Daniel, you know, he's won a world title. So hopefully we'll come back and learn from it. But the bottom line is it's uh, Mr. through six night and uh he showed what he was all about. I mean he's he is a special special special boxer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Frank, do you um do you think that Daniel could have done anything differently or was it just us too good? &gt;&gt; Do I think &gt;&gt; Daniel could have done anything differently across &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. I think he could have uh when he was using his jab, he was letting his jab go and letting the right hand go. He was doing well, but he just stopped. he stops in that especially in that round he just dropped his hands where he should have kept his hands tight and we could have done with some more head movement &gt;&gt; and in terms of the rebuild for Daniel's obviously proven he can he can do it he's proven he can rebuild before twice before &gt;&gt; yeah you got to learn you learn from defeats I mean that's that's that's what life's about isn't it you know not everything goes your way you got to come back and it's the mark of a man if he can do it and we'll see if he can do it but you know in the meantime um his first defense of of his title is is the WBO belt and that' be against Joe Joyce. Sorry, Joe Joyce. Joe Parker even. Yeah, against Joe Parker. So, um you know that's that again could be a great fight. &gt;&gt; Turkey allow Shakes's already said that he wants another one of your guys to to box two sick next says the fight to make is against Moses Talma. Do you think it's too early for Moses and or &gt;&gt; Well, Moses is fighting on the 18th 16th sorry of August in Riyad and we'll see what happens after that. But the WBO have ordered that fight and that fight is um you know that fight that fight will have to happen or he will have to or he will have to vacate the title. &gt;&gt; Frank just on us I mean in 38 I mean maybe people were hoping that he was going to show a bit. &gt;&gt; He was all hoping that you know we're Brits you know he's a British fighter. I was hoping that but he's you know he's got strong he's got really strong resilience. He's I mean he's a he's a unique guy, isn't he's undefeated still. He's undefeated as a professional fighter. 30 was he 38 years of age? You said coming on to 39. He's he's a tremendous tremendous fighter. You know, he's fighters like like him come along once in a generation. &gt;&gt; Is it more impressive that he can do this against these kind of giants of the heavyweight division? Cuz he's a small heavyweight when you compare him to the Fury. See, I I don't buy into that thing about small, you know, like being a small guy. He's a &gt;&gt; was he 16 and a half stone tonight, whatever he weighed in what he weighed in at. You know, I look back at Mike Tyson wasn't a big big heavyweight. Vander Holyfield wasn't. David Haye wasn't. You know, you look at so many fighters over the years that have come come up through the weights and done what they had to do. And he's uh he's obviously been a heavyweight now what for three or four years. So, it's not like he's just done that. He's he's grown into being a heavyweight. and he matches people with his with his ring IQ. He's got a great ring IQ and he's a southpaw. He's a long s. &gt;&gt; Frank, in terms of Usyk, he listed so many different people that he could fight. Sorry, Frank. In terms of Usyk, he listed so many different people he could fight next. Who would you like to see him up against? Just as a fan, &gt;&gt; as a fan, I'd like I mean, I'd like to see the the Joe Parker fight. You know, Joe deserves it. He's on a run himself. same as similar to what Daniel was on and uh that's the fight that was been ordered. So one way or another it'll either happen or or Joe will fight for the vacant title. &gt;&gt; Hi Frank. Um what can Daniel take from tonight? I mean he did come up didn't he from the first the first knockdown. Is is that something to cling on to you as well as the experience? What does he what does he take from it? He takes from it that he's got to have head movement. He's got, you know, he you don't want to be knocked down. You know, that's that's a fact of life. And, you know, when he got knocked down, you know, you should look to the corner and and pick let him pick up on the count and took his time, but it didn't happen. Um, he's good finisher. Um, who's very very good finisher. He's a tough guy. He's a, you know, he's he's hard as nails. He got caught with a couple of good shots himself. He took a few shots himself. Um, and Daniel now, as I say, he's, you know, he's he'll have a little break, think about things, and he's he's got to resurrect himself. That's what he'll have to do. &gt;&gt; Very cleverly found opponents for him to come back last this time. &gt;&gt; I can't fight you think &gt;&gt; what level he's got. Well, he to come back. He's got to come back and make a statement and make a statement against, you know, a quality fighter. That's what like he did last time. That's what he's going to have to do. &gt;&gt; Not at the moment, but you know, let's see what happens and where he's at with everything. Frank, do you think that any you know it's the old adage styles make fights? There are a few fighters out there I think will give a good good account themselves. But at the moment he he's he's the man and he as I you know as I started off you know um talking this evening you know he would be a great in any generation. He's a quality quality fighter. He's got a great boxing IQ. Um and he's got the most unbelievable mental attitude. That's what makes him that's what makes him that's what Daniel's got to learn from this fight. try and get and develop the mental attitude that Usyk has. &gt;&gt; You think? &gt;&gt; No, I don't. I think I think he could be, you know, he's got he didn't stick to the task and he got careless and he dropped his hands and he got careless and he paid the price. &gt;&gt; Yes. right now. &gt;&gt; Um Tyson, you know, he's he's made it very clear to me he would love to fight at Wembley. He would love to do that fight and it'd be a big fight, you know, I'm quite sure of that. &gt;&gt; One more question. &gt;&gt; Sorry, I can't hear you. &gt;&gt; What now? Um, does he have more left to give? We'll find out, won't we? He's only a young man. It's not like he took a a belt in, as we say in the business. I mean, there was knockdowns. He got knocked down in twice and that was it. But, um, we will see. It's all about resilience. It's all about desire and wanting and wanting to be the best and and more importantly learning from your mistakes. And that's what good fighters do. You know, lots of fighters over the years have been beaten and come back even stronger. And that's what he has to do. He came back from his previous defeat very strong and was on a really good role against world quality, world class quality heavyweights, former world champions, undefeated fighters. Um, and done it in style. He look, he can punch, he can hurt you, and it's just developing other aspects of uh of his game. How much does he need? &gt;&gt; How much? &gt;&gt; About six months out. Easy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Won't be before then. &gt;&gt; We'll leave it there. Thank you very much, guys. &gt;&gt; Thanks everybody. Thanks for your helping make it a great success as well. It was brilliant night tonight. Thank you.