Kind: captions Language: en Well, nice to see you, Josh. &gt;&gt; Good to see you, mate. Good to see you. &gt;&gt; Listen, um, let's let's get into it. You are a you are now a retired fighter. &gt;&gt; Y, &gt;&gt; that that for me that's just that feels strange to say for you it must just be I mean, how does it sound to hear it? I mean, it's starting to sort of settle in now. Um, it's been kind of a rough few weeks to be honest. you know, it's been kind of like falling off the edge of a cliff because it's not really it's not as if it was wasn't my my ability that was holding me back. It was my medical problems, you know. So, and it's been ongoing for a number of years with this eye in mind. So um it was probably for the best in terms of my health, you know, looking lifelike after boxing. You know, I wouldn't I wouldn't um forgive myself if I went on and continued and end up going blind in this eye. And that was that was a huge risk and a big risk that I was going to be taking and gambling with if I was going to continue. Um, and given what I've achieved in support, I just thought it's it's not worth the risk playing with my my eyesight. It would be different if it was maybe my hands or my elbows or but something as precious as my sight. I says, "Nah, I'm not willing to take that risk, you know, cuz it they did say that when I went in, they took the picture of the eyeballs, um, they found they thought they saw a little tear in my retinal tissue. So, I went in to get laser treatment, lasered up to get it tightened back up, and when they done it, they end up fighting six tears in my in my retinal tissue. Okay. &gt;&gt; So, I'm pretty fortunate to be sitting here talking to you when my sight's still intact, actually. So, um I had to count my blessings and say thank you to to boxing, you know, but um it's all good now, you know. It's all good now. So, you never know. Come back. Come on. &gt;&gt; You're fine now. You're fine now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You just have to try and convince Daniel. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. That's it, you know. Um, but no, it's it was it was quite a hard pill to swallow because it was like sort of kind of like falling off a cliff, you know. Um, I knew I was kind of coming to the later end of my my career, you know. I was maybe only going to box maybe two or three more times anyway. Um, but to have been told basically you're risk one more decent blow in the eye, then you'd risk losing your sight. Um, so it was quite a a tough pill to swallow. So I've been kind of struggling with that for the last little while, you know. &gt;&gt; What are you doing to help yourself through this? Cuz this this does sound &gt;&gt; awful because it's been taken out of your hands and everyone wants to end things on on their own terms. Actually, not a lot of fighters do get the opportunity to just end it on their own terms. It's normally &gt;&gt; they go out getting knocked out or something like that. But you've had this taken away from you, the opportunity and you didn't get to do your postfight interview in in Glasgow as well. So, how are you sort of getting through it just talking with family and stuff? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I just talked with my wife and a few of my friends have been around and stuff. So, it's been they've been comforting and been quite supportive of me and you know, but it's been kind of myself, you know. I've just when I get time sitting to myself, I'm a bit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know, that's the end, you know. I'm like, ah, what I got to do now, you know, but you know, I've got I've got um things that I'm going to do and getting into the gym again, get back into lock end and teach the young kids coming through and things like that. And &gt;&gt; I've got hobbies that I've not been able to do duty boxing. So things like my motorbikes and things like that, &gt;&gt; risking them going out my motorbikes. I was I could never go out in case I come falling off, broke a hand or an elbow or something. So now I've not got the box in to worry about that. So I can go and do that if I want now. So yeah, I'm a bit of a daredevil and a bit of an adrenaline junkie. So yeah, it was either that or maybe jumping out of planes and stuff, you know, to get my adrenaline buzz. &gt;&gt; You than me, mate. So what is the image that you think of when you if there was one image that you think of when you look back on on your career? Is it is is it you with all the belts? Is is it something else? Is it the debut? What? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's there's loads. I've got I've got nothing but um good memories in the sport and what I've had, you know, and what I've achieved and and in such a short space of time really, you know, I turned pro at 25 years old. So, I kind of had to get on that moving train and at full speed, you know, and climb the ladder, you know, it was kind of sink or swim, you know. It was either if I'm going to do it, I'm good enough. I'm not I wouldn't do it. So, &gt;&gt; quite fearlessly as well. You just went for hard fight after hard fight after hard fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I took two or three fights obviously at the start was sort of like journeyman &gt;&gt; and then I just stepped up the class, you know. My fifth fight, my Commonwealth Games, Commonwealth Commonwealth belt, sort of Commonwealth Championship. So, &gt;&gt; and then defended that a couple times, then moved on to the WBC silver and then straight into the the WSB, you know, um WBSS, sorry. Yeah. And um yeah, it was just like big jump after big jump after big jump after big jump. &gt;&gt; There's too many good pictures then. You can't just single out one cuz there there's so many &gt;&gt; great nothing but great memories. you know obviously the last sort of 2 years was kind of hindered with injuries and niggles which kind of showed in the performances cuz I wasn't able to sort of prepare properly because I had sort of limitations you know um with obviously with the plant fascia tendon tear I couldn't train properly for 6 months with that I couldn't run couldn't do any leg training &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; but your legacy was intact you'd done it you'd already climbed Everest &gt;&gt; yeah exactly yeah so I always did say that from from the uh Ramirez fight. Anything from here on in is a bonus. Um &gt;&gt; but it is a little bit frustrating because it kind of I I kind of got stopped in my tracks when I was in my full pump. You know, I was &gt;&gt; I got stopped in the tracks with with COVID and all that kind of stuff. And then my last four years I only fought once a year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So it kind of killed all the momentum really. So, it was a bit of a a pain in the side, but it is what it is. I'm still very proud of what I achieved in the sport. You know, maybe the last couple of fights weren't very good, but um yeah, I'm proud of what I achieved in the sport, you know, and I can walk around and my held my head held very high and very proud of what I went on to achieve and put Scotch boxing back on the map and gave these lads and girls &gt;&gt; the opportunity to fight on big stages. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Because we get we get starved up here for the big shows or the the the talent up here get starved the the chance to show their talent on the big stage. So I'm pretty proud that I had that opportunity to do that. And every time they asked me where I wanted to fight, it was obviously in Scotland. &gt;&gt; Scotland. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because I I like to represent Scotland and represent the people that are coming through that are at the back of me. Um I Nathaniel's coming through now as well. you know, he was on a couple undercards and things like that. And there's a lot of other talents coming through. The guys that have won the Commonwealth Games and stuff in Birmingham, they're all coming through now. So, I was able to give them a a chance to showcase some skills up here in the shows up here &gt;&gt; because we don't get the chance to do it anywhere else. So, yeah, I'm pretty I'm pretty proud of the fact that I was able to represent Scotland and and put Scotland on the map. and Preston Pans, a place that I'd never heard of in my in my entire life until you popped up. &gt;&gt; Maybe you've now a little bit now. So, mission completed. I tell you what, what's been uh what's been interesting around all of this retirement? I've never seen so much Josh Josh Taylor love across social media. I mean, normally you How have you felt about that? Cuz normally you like being the all against me, oh, backs against the wall, me against the world kind of thing, but they all love you, Josh. &gt;&gt; No, it's been great. Um, I didn't expect the the amount of love that I have been getting, you know, and and it's not just being from people in Scotland. That's just that's been overwhelming. I've still got messages that I haven't went yet to go through. Um, but I've had lots of messages from people in England and people abroad, people from America, people in Australia, like loads of messages saying like, "We're glad that you've uh retired. We loved watching you fight. We came over to a couple of your fights and stuff like that." So the the love that I've had has been just kind of overwhelming really. It's been really comforting to be fair. You know, it's been nice to know that I've had an effect in the sport and I've had a good falling and I've had a good journey and I was I always like to think that I was quite exciting to watch. You know, I was I was always in an action-packed fight. So, um yeah, it's been it's been really nice. So, anyone that I haven't got back to yet, just like to I will get back to you in time, but my literally got about a thousand messages to get through. So, but yeah, that's been that's been quite nice and comforting and at this sort of time when I've announced it, it's been sort of like on a low, you know, I've been on a low, but &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; that all the messages of support have been help help you up a bit. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The uh which win went meant the most? Was it the prograde one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there is that one. Yeah. Uh I'd probably say the pro the pro one. um due to there was a lot of like sort of personal circumstances. &gt;&gt; That was an emotional night for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was very emotional. So my my wife's dad passed away like literally five or six weeks before the fight and I couldn't be there for my wife and her family and I was on the phone when I was in camp and on the phone to her said right I need to go I need to go to train and and stuff and I kind of had to block it all out you know so I still get quite emotional when I when I talk about it &gt;&gt; cuz you're blocking her out as well &gt;&gt; cuz I had to block her and I couldn't be there for her and &gt;&gt; um yeah it was tough you know and I had a relationship with James as well. So, it was kind of tough that I couldn't really be there and I had to block it all out. And then obviously on the on the prograde fight, I just I fought my heart out. There was no way anybody was beating me that night, you know, like I think I fought about five or six rounds with with no with no vision in this eye. And um but I just refused to lay down and refused to get beat. And um and say that was my sweetest my sweetest victory cuz it meant a whole lot. You know, obviously when I got my hand raised, I felt at my knees and I just I couldn't I couldn't control my emotions, you know. It was &gt;&gt; that I would say that was the sweetest one, you know, that was that was probably the &gt;&gt; the one it meant the most. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I remember saying um you heard him &gt;&gt; at one point in the fight. You heard him and he he got you through it like bite down because it was a hard fight. That was that was that was two and fro because obviously we were both south paws so the left hand was coming here and that was eye it was shut down &gt;&gt; and I just couldn't see anything coming really from about round six or seven onwards. You couldn't see anything coming out this eye. &gt;&gt; And I just I just kept thinking about James, you know, I could sort of hear him talking to me like come on. He would say things I can't really say here. language he would use, &gt;&gt; but he would say, "Come on, you little effort and all that, you know, and you can do this." But I could hear him in my head and I just it just drove me to just I just refused to lay down, you know, there was just no way I was getting beat. So, yeah, that's that's one that's probably the most emotional one that when I think about even when I still watch that fight now and I see my reaction to me getting my hand raised, it brings back all them emotions and I almost feel like crying again. Yeah. you know, but &gt;&gt; I'm almost there with you, Josh, to be &gt;&gt; honest with you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was mad. So, yeah, that's probably the sweetest one, you know, cuz it meant it meant a lot. It wasn't just about boxing. It meant a lot my wife and family and stuff. So, yeah, it meant a lot that one. &gt;&gt; So, you've you've done it all then, Josh. You you you can go out. Are you looking Are you in a position now where you can look back kind of happily or are you still quite sad about it? Yeah, I mean I'm in high spirits in terms of, you know, what I've achieved and support and the support that I've had and the nights that I've provided up here and in Scotland and went to Madison Square Garden. And so, yeah, I'm very proud. I'm very very proud of of that fact. But I'm also kind of torn apart a little bit as well because it's it's kind of been ripped away from me at the last minute. um in the last chapter really, you know, um my last three fights haven't been the best, but I did feel that I still had plenty to give. Um so, it's kind of it's kind of painful that it's it's been taken away from been kind of taken out my hands really. I could have probably still continued. I've had this the surgery and the &gt;&gt; what's the point &gt;&gt; things done, but it's a big risk, you know, a big big risk for &gt;&gt; what else to do for like what else to achieve. maybe win another title at welterweight or earn a few or earn a few more quid. It's not worth risking my sight for, you know, I've got a whole lot of life left to live, you know, and I can talk to you now about it quite openly and sort of without getting all emotional. You know, I still do get emotional, but &gt;&gt; um I've kind of come to terms that a little bit now. I can now kind of go and look and see what's avenues I can go down now. So, I'm quite optimistic now. You know, the I've kind of done the hurting and done the the sort of depression kind of bit. Um I'm kind of feeling a little bit better now. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is good to hear. Listen, it's been a pleasure. Oh, it's such a shame that you've come to Queensbury so late on cuz we've only got like one fight we come up to Glasgow with you. It's such a shame, but um the time that I have spent with you, thoroughly enjoyed it and uh one of my favorite fighters. So, &gt;&gt; nice. Thanks very much. Cheers. best. &gt;&gt; Thank you.