Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the final press conference for Running Towards Adversity. A great night of championship boxing this Saturday at Portman Road in Ipsswitch, England. It is being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors. Riot Season 32 Red, that prize guy, Global Next Trade, Uni Bet, FlexM Business Loans, and Vow Nutrition. A big thanks to those great sponsors. It will be broadcast live worldwide on the zone and tickets can be purchased at the Ipsswitch Town Football Club box office. Well, at this time we are going to get the undercard part of our press conference started and hand things over to your host, Mr. Devani. Thank you, Mr. Thomas Triber. Okay, now we know what the main event is on Saturday night. Fabio Wardley against Justice Honey, WBA interim heavyweight championship, Portman Road. An absolute cracker. But we've also lined up a fantastic undercard for you on Saturday. Hope that you can all still hear me. But let's uh let's bring in Hall of Fame boxing promoter Frank Warren. And Frank, uh you know, not just the main event on Saturday, plenty to sink our teeth into on Saturday. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us here. Um it's a great pleasure to be here in Ipsswitch and we have a fantastic show on Saturday at Portman Road and this undercard is top quality and uh you know headed up by Pierce Liry against Lean Dillim for the EBU title and uh the British and sorry the Commonwealth as well is on it. This is uh something that's really really uh an exciting fight. It's a really good fight and it's one uh that I'm hoping and I believe that Pierce will come through because he's looking for a big homecoming fight in Dublin. So, this is his opportunity. If he wants that fight, he's got to go and do the business on Saturday night against Liam. I know Liam's come here. He's got other things on his mind and uh we'll see what happens. But it's a cracker of a fight. Also got the uh the the pro debut of uh Lewis Richardson there, Frank. I'm sure that's one you're you're very excited about. very much so. You know, our only medalist in the 2024 Olympic Games. Um he's he's been a fabulous amateur. He's a really lovely guy. You know, the conversations we had and signing of him has been a a a real pleasure for Queensbury and I'm looking forward to this journey with him on him accomplishing what his dreams are, which is obviously to win a world title. And who knows in a couple of years time we might be sitting in Colchester doing a a fight at his football stadium. This is uh you know the these are great times. I think for for us at Queensbury I can't think the last time we saw signed a Olympic medalist. I think we go back to uh the days of James de Gal. So there you go mate. That's that's the that's how much we think of you. We've made a real beline to make sure that we signed Lewis and uh as I say, we're delighted he's on board and he's going to be a great addition to the to the uh professional boxing scene. So, anybody's watching on the zone and you will be watching on Saturday because it's where all the best boxing is from around the world. One subscription, be on this journey with Lewis from the start. Watch him because he's going to do big things. Thanks very much, Frank. Let's talk about that one subscription. Let's bring in Michael RD out from the zone. I mean, a stadium fight on Saturday. Frank's teasing a future stadium fight in Colchester as well. So much to look forward to, Mike. An amazing schedule as always on the zone. And this weekend really kicks off a blockbuster start to our summer schedule. An amazing experience for Lewis to have his pro debut in the stadium. Really excited to see Jack as well. Jack's 2 and 0. He's from Ipsswitch. Jack has an amazing story. If you don't know much about Jack Williams, Google it after this. Look out for this guy and and watch him on watch him on his journey. But look, incredibly competitive fights. We go live at 4:30 in the afternoon with the prelims. The main car starts at 6:30. We're early. Make sure if you're in the stadium, make sure you're in your seat. If you're watching at home on Done, make sure you're tuned in. And the main event will walk around about 9:30. So, do not miss it this weekend exclusively live on Done. Great stuff. Thank you, Michael Riddout. Well, let's let's bring in Jack Williams, the young man that you were speaking about. And and Jack, fight number three for you on Saturday. Your first couple have been at I believe it's called the Trinity Park Conference Center. You're now at Portman Road, my friend. How does that feel? Yeah, it's unbelievable to be here in thanks to Queensbury and Fabio for getting me on here. But um yeah, it's a massive opportunity to showcase my skills on a big platform like this in my hometown. Couldn't ask for anything better. And Michael R out there just touched on your your journey a bit. I mean, what what can you tell us? Yeah. Well, I was uh had a hard upbringing in a sense at the age of eight was homeless. So, um yeah, I've been through a lot, but it made me who I am today. So, um uh yeah, it's done done me well in in a sense for boxing. So, uh yeah. And Fabio Wardley bringing boxing to Ipsswitch. Big nights in Ipsswitch. How much do you look up to him? Oh, unbelievable. we done what he's done in the sport already is uh for is switch is is massive. So getting on a platform like this because a fab is yeah can look he's a man to look up to in this switch. Best of luck to you on Saturday night. Really look forward to it. Okay, let's speak to a man making his professional debut. There's already been so much talk just at this table about you, Lewis Richardson. I've been looking forward to this moment as well. The world has been waiting. We're now 48 hours away. How do you feel? Yeah, we're nearly there, Dev. Um, very excited. Um, very thankful for the opportunity. Um, Queensbury been fantastic with me so far. Um, they really lead the UK market at the moment. They put a heavy focus on their uh the UK fighters. Um, coming in at middleweight as well. Obviously, a very competitive weight with a lot of history um in in in the professional game. So, really looking forward to making the debut. um obviously had an amazing amazing summer last year in Paris and um you know from one stadium on to the next. So my last fight was at Roland Gar in Paris and now we're uh yeah we're off to we're off to Portman Road. And in terms of that debut being in Ipsswitch at Portman Road, you're from Colchester. Frank's teased that future Colchester Stadium fight, but you're not far from home. You're on the zone. This is like the perfect kind of debut, right? I mean we couldn't go too far wrong. Um yeah, I mean I love that Frank's already talking about Colchester. I know the club will will certainly get behind me and and I've done well on tickets that you know the city of Colchester are getting behind me and um I think the beauty of the of the Olympics to give me that profile for people to to get eyes on and hopefully they like what they see and it's a case of building building upon that now over the next few fights and um yeah and really make making a name for myself. obviously had ambitions as an amateur, fulfilled those, and now it's a case of making that transition. Um, doing it in a in a positive professional manner, you know, leaving a leaving a long-lasting positive impact on on people's, you know, people's lives that I touch, particularly youngsters. Um, being a positive role model in the community and um yeah, really really proud to represent my my city, represent my country, and um yeah, excited for the debut. Just a final one for you, Louis. I saw it was your birthday yesterday. Happy birthday. Don't know if we want all say happy birthday to to Louis, but what what uh how quickly do you want to move? Yeah. Um I want to get through Saturday night so I can eat that birthday cake. Yeah. Um so so that that that's number one priority. Um but listen um I I you know I'm confident in my ability. Um and I believe that we'll you know we'll we'll get the first few out the way and then we'll we'll start moving for um we'll move at the right time for the right titles against the right opponents. Um, I'm really happy with the team I've got. I've got a small, tight-knit team who I, you know, I fully trust and and that's headed by, you know, Hall of Famer promoter in Frank and and Queensbury. So, um, yeah, again, really, really excited, really grateful and, um, just feel like it's it's the start of a really positive journey and, you know, I hope I hope the people of Ipsswitch on Saturday and surrounding areas can uh, can continue to get behind me. Good stuff. Thank you very much, Lewis. We look forward to it. The beginning of the Lewis Richardson journey, Saturday night. Let's talk about a brilliant fight in the cruiserweight division. A resurgent Mike Perez who's knocked out six in a row. The last three have been in the first round against the man called the quiet man here in Steven Ward coming off a brilliant upset win against Tommy McCarthy. They're colliding on Saturday. And Steven, I'm going to start with you because I I was watching a few interviews with you and not so long ago you were talking about retiring. You're still here, you're still winning and you got this guy on Saturday. what's going on. Yeah. Uh first and foremost, I'd like to thank Frank in Queensbury for giving me the opportunity on Saturday night, which I'm looking forward to. Yeah, we we the last fight we had a big opportunity. Um grabbed it with both hands and since then I've just been asking management with leading to just keep the opportunities coming and we offered a couple of fights. This was the toughest fight and we grabbed it with both hands. I'm excited about it. Can't wait. How did the fight actually come about? because I was again watching a couple of bits and you talked about there was some sort of social media call out. I haven't seen this but I believe he referred to you as daddy or he said he was daddy and daddy's going to get you. What what what happened? Yeah, it was something like that. Someone sent me a message. A mate of mine sent me a message and just says that sign a contract or something. I I don't know. I didn't see it. It's all sort of Chinese whispers. Um and then I phoned the management and he told me and he says, "Listen, do you want it?" I says, "100% I do. I just want to take opportunities. I want to take big opportunities and I think this is one that I can come through on too. Well, let's bring in your opponent, Mike Perez. And uh Mike, this just feels like a whole new Mike Perez. I remember watching you in Prize Fighter all those years ago now, now 39 years old, but I mean you're you're in great form. Hi. Um uh first of all, I want to thanks uh Frank and for the opportunity. Uh Steve, what you saying is like I call you out. I said, "Daddy's back. Daddy's hungry." That's what I said. So, I ch you on Saturday. Do you have a response to that, Stephen? Daddy is back and daddy is hungry. I think I said ones if he likes to call grown men daddy. You know, each to their own. But, uh, for me, it's just about Yeah, just about performing. I'm I'm I'm no mugg. I know Pier is a good fighter. Um, he's seasoned. He's been about a lot of respect for him. I think that's why I'm relishing the opportunity to see that I deserve to be there. That's good. So sad of the day we see. Mike, you've had a lot of uh frustration in your career, in your life. It feels like you need to take it out on someone. Do you feel like Steven Ward, you're going to take out everything on him on Saturday? No, this is not personal, you know, like um yes, uh I I have have a lot of like up and downs in my career. like people take advantage of me and all like that, but this is not personal, you know, like I I trying to to do my job and feed my kids, you know. You believe you'll knock Steven Ward out. Um I believe I can knock anybody out, but like this is boxing, you know. So I am ready to win either way, knock out points or whatever. I am just going to win. Stephen, how are you going to get this one done? Yeah, I think perform uh first and foremost enjoying the occasion. um going relaxed. I think I think I can beat Perez. I genuinely believe we can beat him. Um so I think that's what makes great fight. And we're going to see you Saturday night. Yes, we are. Okay, we look forward to that one. Brilliant fight in the cruiserweight division. Mike Perez and the quiet man Steven Ward. Let's get to a fantastic fight. European super lightweight title on the line. Pierce Big Bang Ori in against Liam Dylan. And Liam, I'm I'm going to bring you in. you uh you you've been a British champion, you've been an area champion, an English champion. Is it time to become the European champion on Saturday? Yeah, I always say boxing is like climbing the corporate ladder and now I've won the British, won the Commonwealth Silver my last fight and yeah, now for a European title, Ipsswitch football stadium, the kind of stuff you dream of as a kid. So, it's a great great opportunity. And I mentioned all those belts that you've won. They have been at lower weights. You're now up at 140 lbs. Very much PS's weight. he's established here. How confident are you heading into this fight that you can deal with that gap in weight? Yeah, I'm very confident. My team are very confident in me and that's all that matters to me to be honest. I know a lot of people are saying I'm too small and I ain't going to make it through this fight, but long as my family, my team all believe in me. That's all that matters. Okay, let's bring in the big bang. Pierce Ori, the European title is one that you have been craving. You've been screaming out for this title. You get your shot on Saturday. Liam Dylan is in your way. What are your thoughts? First and foremost, I want to thank everyone and I want to thank Frank beside me giving me the opportunity finally getting to fight for the ABU title. We um we've been asking for this shot now for the nearly of two year and obviously it's people ducking and diving and vacating etc. So look, we're here now. We're mandatory. We fought we're fighting for it and I want to respect and thank the lame Dylan for stepping up to the plate and taking the fight. Do you see this as a a kind of emphatic win for you? Big stage on Saturday, big chance to announce yourself and get people talking about you, make some noise in this division. Do you feel like you need a big emphatic performance to get that done on Saturday? Yeah, especially on the being main event on a massive card on the zone. Everyone's going to be chilling in on Saturday night. So, being calm main event, I think it's my time now to shine and that's that's going to be me breakthrough. And I'm not disrespected to him, but I lame. But the way I'm prepared in the gym, if I pick up where I left off, it's it's going to be um of a fantasm for me. Liam, let let me just ask you this. If you watch PS's uh highlight reels, they're pretty scary, pretty devastating stuff. He's hitting people and they're going over. Are are you wary of his power heading into this? Yeah, me and my team are prepared for all situations and uh yeah, I'm ready for whatever he has to bring on Saturday night. And Pierce Ori, they call you the Big Bang. Now, uh I know another Big Bang, Jile Jang, and he normally has a a bit of a bit of a line, a message for his opponent at a press conference. I wonder if this Big Bang has anything to say to Liam Dylan. I'm ready to shine. Everyone everyone thinks about the power. Forget about power. Um I think it's a bit of disrespect when people say big bang conc all the time to me. I've got more than that in me arsenal. So we'll we'll show um if if Lim is still there after so so many rounds we'll just see a different class of pier and then we'll be going on to the next one then bringing that EVU title back to Dublin. Okay, good stuff. Thank you Pierce Oir. Thank you Liam Dylan. That concludes the undercard press conference. We'll be back very very shortly for the main event, but first we're going to get these fighters faced off. Thank you. Okay, that wraps up the undercard press conference. Um, yeah, alloys. Look, we're going to the face off in a minute. A fight that stands out there to me. Steven Ward and Mike Perez. A bit of a random fight, but really good fight. Alloys, it is. Um, um, I think it's Mike, what's the name again? Um, Perez. Perez. Yes, Perez is an experienced fighter. You know, he fought Pavkin. um all other fight other world um tier fighters. So, he's an experienced man. It's going to be very very interesting and and obviously I know um Ward as well. Um he's good got good boxing pedigree. He's experienced and um it's going to be a very good fight. Yeah, for sure. We hope so. Anyways, Pierce Oir and Liam Dylan on the on the card as well. Co-main event. Pierce is just um I don't know how much you've seen him just searing through people at the moment. Listen, he's a monster, man. He he he punches through people. He doesn't just hit them. and he punches through them. But um I'm sure you can appreciate that. Absolutely. But um what's the guy Liam Dylan? Liam Dylan. I've seen him spar Royce and Vani Smith and whatnot and that man's all, bro. Like he's he's he's strong. He keep coming forward like he's resilient as hell. Like he does not stop. So that's going to be a great competition. Absolutely. We got obviously Olympian as well, Lewis Richardson. Frank's uh made a big play to sign him. He's got him on board and um yeah, look, if he's if he's putting all the money up for him, there's got to be a lot of talent. We've seen it obviously in the Olympics, but it's about converting it into the pro ranks now for Louis. Exactly. Like the amateurs and the professionals is a whole different game. Like as as Fabio Wardley was a um white collar fighter and he smoked like Olympians and etc. high level amateurs. So it showcases that it's just a different sport. It's not the same three like anyone could go hard for three minutes and three rounds but to go 12 rounds and and have a chess match and think and strategy not anyone could do that. these cards that have started off with Queensbury in design. Of course, you were part of the the last one in in Glasgow. We've seen a really good run um you know in Manchester with Joyce Herovic. Uh we had the Taylor Esman card. Um obviously we've got Waldley and Honey. We've got Usyk Dwis too coming up. I mean the start that Queensbury Done have had. Your thoughts on that? Absolutely. Queensbury, they're immaculate, man. They're the best of the best. I believe better than matching and um yeah, it only makes sense. you know, the pair with the zone is like it was a great partnership. Yeah. Listen, you mentioned Matum. I know you're looking at perhaps a fight with Vid Riley who who's with boxer of course, but if a Queensbury v Matum fire 5v5 pops up again um and anyone's at cruise weight in the match ranks. I want all the smoke. All the smoke. All the smoke. Whoever wants the smoke can get the smoke, man. Who have actually Matram got obviously they got Jet tire. Oh yeah. for now. Easy. Tame it a little bit. Easy for for Jawat. I'm I'm not at that level yet, but I'll get there eventually. Do you think um he'll stick around long Jai or do or do you think he go up to heavyweight? Go up to heavy. I think he wants to like fulfill that legacy and he wants to I think he wants to unify this division and then move up. That leaves a vacancy, doesn't it, for a new king. Exactly. And the ruler will come soon. You've got We're not on shot at the moment, but you have got a crown in your hand. Exactly. Only in due time. In time. You going to parade that around everywhere with you? Maybe. Just maybe. You know what I mean? But some do, do you know it's a royal is a royal crown and the queen doesn't walk around with a crown all the time. So only bring it on special occasions. How was the reception actually after in Glasgow? Look, you played kind of it's fair to say the villain act a little bit beforehand. How was it after in Glasgow? It was all good at the end of the day. Like this is business, isn't it? Show business. And um we're here to entertain the people. We're here to entertain the crowd. And at the end of the day, I gave my love to to David Jameson, you know. Sadly, he went to the hospital straight after the fight, but I gave him my appreciation. I showed love to his wife and whatnot. And that's that's the game. Of course, we were so impressed, all of us watching that. But how many more levels are there to Allow Junior? Countless. You I'm just getting started. Literally just getting started. I can't wait for I can't wait for if Riley signs the contract. I can't wait to have that camp. It'll be so It'll be a rocking movie. So, on on your side, on your terms, etc., You're all happy at the moment with the talks that have gone on for for Riley. Absolutely. It's it's it's building to be something great. That is a big big fight. A big British fight. Yeah, massive British fight. Different styles as well. No, like as I said before, he's going to come and run, isn't it? He's not going to come and stand there with me like he's not stupid. He's a smart guy. But I'm going to make sure I'm going to cut off that ring. He's not running anywhere. Okay. But anyways, for now, we'll take the attention off alloys and uh look forward to these head-to-heads that about to commence. Um another stadium show as well. I know we got one coming up at Wemley Stadium, but yeah, these are these are the nights that we live for as boxing fans as well. Absolutely. Absolutely. Like there's nothing like going in a football stadium and just having a terror, you know what I mean? And all the fans going crazy, you know? It's something special. Sure. Sure. Um, yeah, look, we're going to get these faceoffs now. As I said, there's a there's a few standouts for me on the undercard. I think I think that fight with Perez and Ward, just because they both been at world level, especially Mike Perez and won at world level. Um, that's a it's an interesting fight. A fight really no one called for. But who did Mike Ward um Steven Ward Steven? He fought in Germany, didn't he? Three three years ago. Was it Bremer? Bramer. What did he do? I can't I can't quite remember. It was quite a while ago fight. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was I that might be wrong, but it was about 3 years ago. Um and I also think he went to Kazakhstan as well in a really tough fight. Steven Ward, but he's been around the block. He has been around the block. He fought the Albanian guy. I forgot his name. Albanian cruiserway. Well, talking about Albanians, I can see an Albanian there. Nelson's on the huge competing this Saturday in a scheduled four round super bantamweight contest. undefeated with two wins, one win by knockout. He's from right here, Ipsswitch. Jack Williams. Good to see like a local guy. Jack Williams Fabio's got on the card. Yeah, absolutely. Um it's all about giving back to the community, right? For sure. Um yeah, so you got Sam Gilly on the card as well, of course. Samilly. Nelson. He's uh big heavyweight. Jack Williams. He knocked out that that um that guy with a massive right hand. Who? Sam Gilly. No, no, no. Oh, Nelson. Yeah, the uh Bramont. Yeah, the one Dave Allen fought quite a while back. Yeah. Smacked him in the jaw, bro. Was naughty. I like I like I like making his professional boxing debut after a stellar amateur career, proudly representing Great Britain at the 2024 Olympics, becoming a bronze medalist. Lewis Richardson. Well, we could be looking back at that photo, the one of Lewis and Frank up there in four or five years where if he, you know, does what he did in the amateurs in the pros, he's a unified world champion, maybe a multi-weight world champion. I'm sure that's the ambitions that Frank and the team have got for him. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. So, yeah, man. We're looking forward to it, man. Could be a historic moment. We just witness it. That's what I'm saying. You just never know. You just never ever know. And um I can't wait to see these guys' journeys pull um pan out. Well, here we go. We get Perez and Ward. Two guys I said that have been at world class level before competing Saturday in a scheduled 10 round contest for the vacant WBA cruiserweight championship big the quiet man Ward versus Mike Steven Ward's a big guy both compete everywhere you know what I mean I guess that the winner on this gets a big payday next really absolutely cuz they're going to propel themselves into a big fight. And the loser at this stage of both their careers end probably end of the road. Yeah. Literally, I was actually um speaking to Perez's manager. I'm saying, "Oh, he's he's almost 40. If he takes a harsh L, that's the end of his that's the end of his career." Okay. Now, we are believer. We're getting Pierce Ori Big Bang Liam Dynam which is a really good fight. A good test for Pierce. Absolutely. competing Saturday in a scheduled 12 round contest for the WBC International and vacant EBU European Super Lightweight Championship. It's the challenger Liam Dylan versus the defending champion Pierce Pig Pang Oiri. Liam Liam Liam. Is it Liam? Um Dylan. Dylan. There you go. He's a tough man. Trust me. Yeah, he's watched him spar. I've watched him sparse countless times. The man's tough. So yeah, that's what I think. It's going to be definitely going to be a fight. There's a lot at stake here for Pierce as well. Can't say too much, but um I know a big fight um is going to be announced for him if he comes through this. So absolutely. So yeah, man. This this is a fight where this this game is all or nothing, isn't it? All your stakes are all in. There's no there's no room for it's an unforgiving sport. or so unforgiving.