Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for eight rounds in the super welterweight division brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, 32 Red, That Prize Guy, Global Next Trade, Uni Bet, Flex Mise Business Loans, and Bow Nutrition. When the bell rings, our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Kieran McCann. Introducing to you first, fighting tonight out of the red corner, he comes to the ring wearing black with camouflage and weighed in officially at 159.10 lb. Hailing from right here, Ipsswitch, England. He has a professional record of seven wins with five defeats. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Gideon Juice Onani. [Music] [Applause] And his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing Blackwood yellow and weighed in officially at 160.8 pounds. Coming to us from London, England, he brings a professional record of 18 wins, just one defeat. Nine of his 18 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the current Commonwealth Super Welterweight Champion, Sam Magic Man Gilly. [Music] [Applause] Gideon, Sam, you come, boys. Right, lads, listen up. You both know the rules. You will obey my commands at all times. When I tell you to break, break clean. Take a step back. Throw no punches. Mind your heads in close, lads. And most importantly, protect yourself at all times. All right. Shake hands. Let's go from day one. Focus. Focus. Right. Nervous early. Right. Well, here we go. Sam Giddilly versus Gideon Onyani. You would have noticed the camouflage in the shorts of Onyani. He's from an army background. Boxed in the army for the army boxing team and boxed also as an amateur. with a record of seven wins and five defeats. He is absolutely standing his ground and saying, "Don't call me a gatekeeper or journeyman cuz I am not that at all." He's just had tough opponents and really does want to progress in the sport and do it well. He has he has a lot of pride. Yeah, I've spoke to him several times. He tells me about his army stories and whatnot. And um he's someone who really wants it. He's not a guy to to come and fall down. Good work there from Giddy. Nice shots come off of that jab there. That has been the theme of our conversation so far this evening. Nothing from the break. Gilly was obviously hoping to be fighting Green in a rematch and he's chasing that British title. And I'm sure that will come at some point. This one scheduled for eight officially in the middleweight division, but normally we see him down at super well 28. You can see the disparity in levels from this this competition from the last competition. Like you can see that these guys are really thinking and trying to like Oh yeah. Really trying to like find find their way around got through with that overhand right there. Nice work there from Gilly. Just goes upstairs with a couple of shots then turns it downstairs with a couple of left hooks to the body. Yeah, this is definitely going to be a fight. You can see this. Yeah, I think I think it will pick up quite quickly. Onionani is having a a bit of success doing what he's doing and Sam Gin is going to pick up the pace at some point to try and simmer Onyani down and you know let him know that it's me that's that's yeah that's Comwalth champion in this fight. Sad that the Commonwealth is not on the line though. You know what I mean? Yeah. I think I think because officially it's not at the weight he's championing at, that's probably why it's not on the line. But you're right. I mean, this is a good fight for that to be on the line. If on he could have gone down to superweight, good control turning him off. That was nice. But on what on got to watch for is Sam Gilly's money shot, which is the left to the body. Left to the body. He he he would slip that right hand, go the jab, and go straight to that body with the left hand. What on does really well is he closes the gap before Gilly tries to or Gilly has the opportunity to start putting his shots together, doesn't he? Yeah. Well spotted. He does. He does. He just with his feet, he's just closing that gap. So when Sam Gilly is about to throw his punches or put something together, they end up in the clinch because he's too close to get anything off. So that that that is good work from Onani. And he's also throwing some good shots himself. He landed the good right hand earlier. Um he's working on that jab well and he he he started this this round fast which I think is throwing Gilly off. So Gilly may need around to kind of you know gather himself in and go. What do you think that Gilly needs to do to be able to get those shots off? Is it all about his feet? Jab. Jab. One word. Jab. The jab. Yeah. He needs to get that jab off. And once you start getting that jab off, everything comes off it. But yeah, he hasn't established his jab yet, which is why he's he it's easier for him to come in closer. Well, I'm sure Onyani will be doing plenty more of the same. Just trying to ruin those bursts of rhythm from Gilly. Yeah, you looked for that slip counter right there. Actually, did you see it? Yep. Saw it. Saw a mirror myself. Is that how it looks like? Good work. There you go. There's that left hook from Gilly, which Denel Bentley had pointed out is his money shot. You can't lunge in with you can't especially with a straight shot from distance. Yeah, you can't you can't afford to do that. Not with someone like that. No like Yeah, there you go. After that little lol in action, he throws a jab in there. The slip left hook is going to come around. There you go. See it? Yeah. Got a fing. And there's that Sam Gilly shot from On Yanani. It's funny because you see with Gilly, I mean his mindset going into this fight would have been re very different, you know, seeing that he was meant to be boxing for the British title. So I think Onani's woken him up in that first round where he knows he's still in the fight. He's still in the fight. It wasn't for what he wanted, but he needed that, didn't he? Oh, 100% he needed that. He needed that because fighters need a bit of a fear factor to to kind of switch on and be on point to have that ultra instinct. Yeah, 100%. cuz you need to have that sense of like that nerves and that fear to to bring the best out of you. Yeah. And I think in that first round, Sam Giddy got back to the corner thinking, "Okay, he's bringing it. I'm going to bring something back this round." Definitely. The referee just making sure that Onyani is aware that he spotted that he's holding a bit there. And we don't want this to turn into any form of a cuddling contest. And that is exactly what Gilly will not want. He will want to get behind that jab and chucking that left hook of his. I think what Onani wants to do is take full advantage of the fact that he is naturally the bigger the bigger man, but Sam Gilly is also big for someone that looks like that. Yeah, Sam Gilly looks like the bigger man. Yeah, good timing there with that left hook from Gilly. Good body shot. A solid right hand at the end. Nice. Just walk back to the corner as if he shot. Poker poker face. Well, there's some uh names in here this evening. Moses at Tower is one of them. Malloy Jr. is another and Denzel Bentley is another. It will certainly be back to the rafters later on. And let's just think about that main event. You can't beat a main event, can you? It's going to be electric when those two walk out. Oh yeah, it's going to be a good fight. And I know Fabi being um Alloys's gym mate, he's obviously got a lot of insight in seeing what Fabio has been up to this camp. I mean, I'm not going to ask for anything. We're not going to give anything up, but I know All is excited, more excited for this than any of us here because he's seen what Ward has been doing in the ring. Definitely, he's not giving anything away. Nothing. Round three. Here we go. Ding- ding. Round three. This one scheduled for eight. Both fighters straight to the center of that ring. Gideon on Yanani. Faint nail with those shoulders of his and trying to get through with that one. Two, but the feet are good of Sam Gilly. Oh, I don't know. He has a bad habit of lunging in. What's his name again? I'm sorry. Onani. Yeah. Onani. Yeah. a bad bad habit of lingering which could be like catastrophic later on. I think Gilly's in his flow now. He's he's in his flow now. He's he's he's got his head together and he's he's back in this fight. He's working well with that jab as soon as soon as the as soon as the round started on and on. He's still trying to make it close and, you know, try and be the more physical man. But Sam Sam Sam Dilly is is is not Oh, that's not a joke. Yeah, he's Yeah, he's not. Yeah. Yeah, he's not a joke. That's what I'm saying. That lunge in there. Oh, good job there from Giddy. And a right to the body. Strong left hand there from Onionani on the break. Oh, good right hand there from Gilly. Onani just walked into it. Just as Alan's saying, he keeps leaping in when he's going through shots. Yeah, man. And that's the risk, isn't it? That is the risk. It's a big risk, especially against someone with good timing. Probably looking for counter. Yeah, I can just see on trying to make this physical and trying to rough Sam Gilly up, but Sam Gilly's not going to bite to that. He's just going to stick to his boxing and do what he needs to do. Mhm. Oh, a bit low. Yeah, that that shot straight low. But oni just walked through it again, mad man. Remember the main broadcast starts live on the zone from half past 6 which will be topped by Fabio Wardley and Justice Honey. There you go. It's good work there from Gideon oni. Yeah, this is his range right here. He's put his head down and start getting to work. are starting to really see the point which you made Denzel which is on trying to kind of prove he's the the bigger man at this weight here isn't he? He's trying to sort of sink in on him. Yeah, he is. He is. But like we were saying Gilly's not he's not a small man. He's he's going to match him for physicality too. But I don't think he needs to cuz he's the better boxer. He's the better boxer. I don't think he needs to be in there. But Sam Gilly has got an ego and if you think you can bully him, he's going to show you that you can't. Oh, don't looo is sort of calling that. He could just see it from from from a mile away like just he's like I saw the setup. Just don't do it. I'd rather a counter puncher, bro. I see this stuff. Well, is on Yanani just doing everything possible to try and make this as uncomfortable for Sam Gilly as possible because we've seen him loads of times in the past. He's a class operator. He likes to have his man at range popping that jab out, sinking in that lead hook to the body or the head. And Onyani is doing everything to make sure that doesn't happen, isn't he? He's doing it well. And especially when he comes close and and he lets his hand through. It looks It looks convincing. It does look convincing. And I don't know, this is the eight rounder. He could possibly do something. What do you think, Daniel? I mean, yeah, you're right. He is trying to make it uncomfortable. He's trying to make it untidy, but I think that's that's obvious. He's trying to make it untidy. I think the shots and the better the better work coming from Samilly at this point, but he's he's not allowing Sam Dillini to look as good as he wants to look. He's taking a lot away from them by stepping in that close. And then when he isn't close, like Alo said, he he he does throw them shots to the body and come back up top. It does look convincing. Looks like he's he's doing something there, but he's making it messy more than he is throwing. But maybe that's the plan. And down the stretch, he's going to start letting these hands go a bit more to, you know, waiting for Gilly to fade a little bit. Well, let's see how the tactics unfold in this round. Both fighters seem determined to hold onto the center of that ring. [Music] Onion just grabbing hold of the left hand of Gilly there and the blind side of the referee. Good thing Yeah, that's good. Awkward customize on Yanani. He is. But I I think for the for now and the rest Oh, good shot there from Gilly. I think from now I think Gilly needs to opt to not step in with his jab cuz Onanani is going to fall onto it. When he does step with his jab, they just end up in the clinch because, you know, he he punches past him. There you go. Good shots there from both of them to be honest. Just like it is there. Hyani wants to be close. I think Gilly just needs to keep that little distance. If Onani steps forward, he takes a step back and just keep a nice distance between them and land shots. I think he land straight shots at a distance. Oh, good counter there. That's what I'm saying. When he lunges in that that that counter is there for it. It is there. And yeah, you're right. He can't he can't afford to keep lunging in like that. It's it's it's bad. He should like try to close the range a bit more like cuter and he was doing that in the first round, but he just got desperate after that. Yeah. How do you think he can do that? Is it entering with the jab rather than just kind of going in? No. So like his feet. So yeah, move his move his feet. Move his head and and close the range. Keeps his hands up. Close. Yeah. Move his Keep his hands up. Move his head. step to him and he'll be inside and he can work from there. Yeah, he's trying to throw from too far out. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. Which is why he's lunging in. But this distance here, S Gilly, he's going to land shots. Something like that with that little head movement there. He got close on and and that can make the difference. Break back. Good body shot there from Gilly. seconds. He needs to work. He needs to he needs to work in in in the clinch. Um, poor pronunciation. Onion. Thank you very much. Say to Giddy. Giddy. There you go. Giddy. I like to be I tell you what, I think Gideon or not, Onyani is he's one of those fighters can make life difficult for most fighters, couldn't he? He just he's just very very tricky and awkward. And what's that like in terms of the psychological element when you must have boxed people like that who have got a similar style? How how do you keep yourself optimistic and do your best work? It it it can be frustrating, but that's this is where the experience of a fighter like Tangishi kick in. um you don't get frustrated, you keep a cool head and you just keep looking for ways to to to counter that movement looking for ways to find an inside or part to counter and he did there with that left hand. He started finding it to the head whenever whenever Onani fell in but on going to keep being messy and this is why I was saying maybe if if um Sam Gilly opted to just take half a step back rather than stepping forward with his jab on just going to fall onto it and you just find that counter all day. Well, Sam Gilly of course isn't going to change his style necessarily, is he? But what do you think he can do different to get a little bit more success and get some more accuracy? He he doesn't entirely need to change his style. He just needs to just keep it a bit longer. Just be aware of the range, you know? He's a good counter puncher anyway. Oh yeah, he's he's a really good. You can see right there like he tried to pull back left something. Yeah. More of that work, all of that work is going to work. But I understand being in the ring with someone that's frustrating. You're just going to want to press and you know turn it into a fight at times that's emotional and you can't afford to get emotional in the ring man. No emotions in the ring shot. Nice shot overhand right there from onani. Good shot to the body in these positions there when he's got first. Good shots. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, there is where he's going to have his opportunities. The referee just going to have a word with the pair of them. I mean, I don't I don't think there's anything outrageous what's going on the way the fight's going. I don't think it deserves a word from the ref. It's a clash of styles. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Literally. Bizar goes straight back to what I was doing a second ago. you you I tell you if I could go into the brain of Sam Gilly just for a moment like it's been a bit of a frustrating week for him anyway and this just turned into an even more frustrating week with the type of fight isn't it? I think I think I think by Gibbs doing what he's doing now he's frustrating his opponent and and he will make his opponent much more emotional and I think that's where he'll have a a better opportunity to to to do something in this fight. You're right. You are you are right. It's where like just like we was saying in the the last fight with K. Oh, good. Go right hand. That was a good right hand. He's just onion. He's got to do the same thing all night. This is where Sam's got to show his class and just be like, you're not trying to make a fight out of this, but I'm going to show you. You're not going to have your way anyway. I think Sam has all the all the tools to to to to deal with this. But is he emotionally responsible? Like can he handle himself when something is is not going right? Do you know what I mean? When it's not going his way, can he can he handle himself? Yeah. Just like Dan was saying. I mean like he's had a frustrating week. I mean he' been waiting for the British title for two years. You can't get any more frustrating than that. Do you know what I mean? So it's hard to control. It's hard to kind of put and now you're in a rounder not even defending your Commonwealth. In your mind it's like at at a different weight. It's like what is going on right now? And also you know Sam Gilly hasn't had the opportunity to prepare for Gideon on Yani has he? Oh yeah, of course not. Yeah. No, he hasn't. But saying that, Louisie Green is a similar type of fighter where he's just forward and aggressive if that makes sense. But yeah, without awkwardness actually to be honest. You go there. happy with it. He's not he's not going to want to have a performance at this again, which is could be a good thing because he's going to make sure he doesn't have a performance at this again. But it's not because of him. It's he's not having a bull performance because he's not on point. He's I I wouldn't even say poor performance. I mean, it's the fight isn't jelling because Gideon is not allowing it to flow. But look what look what he's look at the the adjustment he's made from this round. You can see even from the like the first couple seconds, you can see that he's he's actually using his brain a bit more. He's stepping away from emotions a bit. Yeah. Yeah. No, he has to he has jab jab, but it's it's it's just Gideon's not allowing him to flow, which is frustrating the hell out of Sam Sam Giddy. And he wants to flow, but Gideon's doing what he needs to do to neutralize his opponent in it. I mean, he's making it messy. He's making he's he's holding he's when he's in the clinches he's holding as tight as he can to not let like he's on the titanic. Yeah. Yeah. You you said knowing Sam Gilly like you know Sam Gilly that he'll want to forget this fight. Literally as you were saying that I was looking at his facial expressions and he kind of looked out at someone in the crowd or in his corner. He just shook his head and you could just see the I don't know maybe disappointment's the wrong word but something along those lines. Yeah. He just feels like this guy don't want to fight. He just keeps holding. He's not letting me flow. But that's for him. That's for him to deal with. He He He needs to be able to deal with that because Gideon's going to keep doing it. A little forearm will be will be nice if he's trying to hold. Yeah, just go try something different. I'm not going to start shouting out some lia, but he's got to do something. This is war, bro. But yeah, look, when Sam Gilly does what he's doing, like stuff like that, just using his space, using his jab, he looks well. Yeah. Oh, you can see you can see he's a better fight. But this is what I'm saying about that step back the opposite. He landed that shot to the body and just took a little shuffle back and made Gideon fall short. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't lunge. Yeah. You saw that there. Yeah. You saw that. You saw that right hand ready to lunge with it. Oh man. He's a tough guy though. Um Gideon, you have to give him credit. He's there. He's making this a fight. Or he's making Sam Giddy not be able to flow. Yeah, definitely. He's also making himself incredibly hard to hit clean, which obviously is the art of boxing, isn't it? But as much as we've spoken about heavily, this isn't Sam Gilly's type of fight. This is perfectly on Yianani's type of fight, isn't it? This is exactly what he wanted to drag him into. Yeah. Yeah. He's he's frustrating him. He's having a great night. A great night and he's at home. Good shots. He needs to get rough and dirty in there, which he's doing good. He is, but even though he's getting rough and dirty and doing that, he he's not particularly landing the the the most point scoring shots shots. Yeah, it's them shots are coming from Gilly. Yeah, he's just frustrating Giddy by, you know, the holding and the being in close and but that little flurry to the body that he does when he's in close. I mean, it's it's working from that time, but then he just tries to hold and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. make it messy again. Yeah. But I tell you what, there isn't too much more to say about that round because that round was very similar to the rounds previous. But this place is just starting to fill up now and we look forward to that atmosphere later on. And that light comes down and the lights inside the stadium come up and the noise when Fabio Wley walks out at Portman Road to those Ipsswitch fans is going to be electric. It's going to be good. I got here early today actually and just had a little little mooch about and uh just listening to some of the locals talking about are you going to the boxing later? You got to love that, haven't you? When kind of non-boxing people are excited about boxing. Yeah. I mean a a place like IPS which it's quite small, right? So when something's going on, everyone knows about it. So everyone wants to be there. So it's good if you got a crowd like this to get behind you and you can sell out arenas like this. I mean listen, it's going to be a great fight anyway in the main event. And if you got the crowd to back up to back you with it, it'll make for a great night. Exactly. When is Fabio Wley not in a great fight? Those two he had with Fraser Clark were fantastic. As long as the second one lasted, but the first one, Wow. Anything like that. Dream stuff. Yeah. Here we are, the seventh of eight rounds. Sam Gilly versus Gideon Onyani. Hasn't exactly set the world alike this one. If you've just tuned in, been a lot of uh holding on. It's definitely uh the type of fight Onani would have been hoping to be having in terms of trying to nick it. But Gilly, who's had a frustrating week, has had some has done some good work this not get it twisted. He has done some good work. I'm sure he could have done some better stuff as well. One more fight coming up. after this one which will be Billy Boom Boom Adams in a four rounder lad. Right [Applause] back. [Applause] Giz to get his head up in there. He should throw more shots when he he's in there. He shouldn't just opt to just, you know, keep holding cuz from that distance there, Sam Giddy's landing some good shots. That was a good little jab up top and then right to the body. [Applause] I want to fight now. I'm always ready, bro. Bro, listen. I'll just take my suit off and let's go, bro. Quickly. How many rounds you want? Three. Every single time a referee breaks these two apart. Gideon on Yunani just kind of rushes in, maybe lands a bit of a half shot, and then grabs hold of Sam Gilly. And this evening just gets more and more frustrating for him. But not too much longer to go. 30 seconds left in this round. a one after that if we get that far. Even though I I do think Sam Giddy is still winning this fight. Gideon look the pressure. Catch that again. What you say, bro? You say you say Giddy. Gideon. Yeah, he definitely does. Yeah, definitely does. You know what it reminds me of, right? Reminds me of Carl Thompson. Carl Thompson. Yeah. Carl Thompson. The one that beat David. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, this is what we've got coming up after our last fight in the prelims. Nelson Husa of Albania in against Patrick Corte of Germany. Then it is Perez of Cuba against W from Ireland. And then the TGB Olympian medalist Lewis Richardson makes his professional debut. Then one of my favorite fighters at the moment, Pierce Oolir, the Big Bang versus Liam Dylan, who's climbing up two weight divisions, may I add. That'll be an interesting watch before the main event, which is Fabio Wardley versus Justice Honey. And then Jack Williams somewhere in between that has got the job, the task of being the live float this evening, which means he could come on at any time. He'll be warming up and then warming down and then all of a sudden he will get the call. The corner of Onioni shouting for him to work. He's at a consistent tempo throughout these eight rounds so far. [Music] And he looks pleased with himself. [Music] Well, both fighters tied up and I don't think we're going to see too much more in terms of action at the moment. I may well have given it a bit of a commentator's curse, but if it carries on with the theme we've watched with what we've seen so far, this is exactly what we're going to get. Let's go. Come it up. Nice left hook there from Gilly. Just kind of turned his elbow into that one. The corner of Gilly just encouraging to have a nice big finish. Finish this round strong. Finish this fight strongly. Yeah, just hit the the last minute mark. Oh, good uppercut there from Gilly. A nice right hand over the top as well. [Music] [Applause] Both guys going to the body in the final moments of this round, the last round of this contest. And that is the clapper to symbolize the last few seconds of this eight round contest which has been extremely frustrating for Sam Gilly who exhales a big lung full of air and his body language tells us everything which we need to know. That was an annoying and a frustrating night at the office. But Gideon and Yunani, big fist pumps for his team. He's happy with his performance there. We'll just see how this one goes as a referee calls both fighters to the center of the ring. How's he scored it? Ladies and gentlemen, after eight rounds of boxing, our referee in charge, Kieran McCann, scores the contest 76- 76. Even a draw. [Applause] [Music]