Kind: captions Language: en Well, hello. Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Southampton. Welcome to St. Mary Stadium for today's press conference. Now, it wasn't so long ago that we were all gathered here as unbeaten Southampton hero Ryan the Piranha Garner. Well, he declared that he'd be fighting for the European title. Since then, he's had that fight. He's won that fight. He looked better than ever back in March and became the European super featherweight champion. Well, this piranha, he's hungry again and he wants feeding again and he wants another belt. So on July 26th at Oh, you want more belts? So he wants some more belts. That's how hungry is. So hungry he's interrupting my opening spiel. That's the hungry piranha that we've got here. But on July 26 at the Bournemouth International Center, also known as the Bick, Ryan Garner is back and this piranha is chomping at the Bick. He uh he steps in. Did you like that? Yeah, it was quite good. He steps into what the deepest waters of his career so far against this man Rhys Belotti who who is the British and Commonwealth champion who's got heavy heavy hands, dynamite in his fists and is on a stunning run of six wins in a row. Amongst that, he's taken unbeaten records. So he's got a habit of taking unbeaten records and he's facing a man here in Ryan Garner who is unbeaten. This is pure fireworks. One of the best fights that can be made in the super featherweight division, the British Commonwealth and European Super Featherweight Championships will be on the line July 26th live on the global home of boxing the zone. This is Ghana versus Botti. This is peer pressure. Let's start with a fantastic undercard fight here again. An emerging hero from Southampton in Royston Barney Smith. Yeah, mom is in the crowd. Normally that's a joke, but mom is actually in the crowd. Um and and listen, Roy and Barney Smith's taking on Danny Cormine and Royston has done everything right so far in his career. unbeaten, stunning amateur, but this is largely seen as the step up in level against an unbeaten fighter who was a good amateur himself in Danny Carter. Um, I'm going to start with you, Roy and Barney Smith. This is what you've been crying out for, a big step up in level with belts on the line. Sure, Dev. Um, I've been trying to to get one of these fights for a long time now, and um, thankfully Danny has has allowed me to to fight for his two belts. They do look very nice over there. and I'm I'm coming to take him off. Yeah. Well, Danny, let me just bring you straight in. I mean, you you've got a a young man here in Royston, Barney Smith, turned over with Frank Warren, got all the hype, all the all the buzz, and he's looking at those belts and he likes what he's seeing. No, of course, and that's why I've gone and won them because they're lovely belts. Um, now obviously Roy come approached me about the fight uh in a very respectful manner, which I liked. Um, and with the way he did it, I thought why not give him that opportunity. Boxing is all about opportunities and I'm more than willing to put them on the line um and fight a good level of opponent. Royston, something you said actually after your your last fight where you had like a kind of I guess a journeyman type opponent. He was tucking up wasn't giving you much. You said you wanted an opponent that you would look good against. Is Danny Carter the sort of opponent that you will look good against? Yeah, for sure. He he he's a champion. and he's going to come to defend his belts and that's why I'm going to rise to the occasion and uh do the job. How do you expect this one to go like stylistically? How does this play out? Well, he he he is an aggressive fighter and um he's a good job at it. He he does a great job, a matter of fact and um I'm looking to exploit him in in ways that I know I can and uh and I know I will. How that's a secret? How can I tell you that one? What are you thinking here, Danny? You you you can do a little bit of everything, but I think you're more known for being quite aggressive and and sticking it right on your opponents. Yeah, people have seen me in the past um coming forward, being aggressive, uh putting on the opponent, but um in the past couple of fights, I think you've actually seen me box as well. Um I've got a jab in my repertoire. Um and I do use it when I can. Um, I think the mix of uh styles could play a different side of the fight. You know, it could be one that um is very interesting or again, you probably seen it on the weekend. There was a very boring fight, but um I don't think that's going to be one of them fights between me and Royston. Um I think it's going to gain the crowd's attention. Um and there's a lot to fight for. When he turned over, as I mentioned at the start, he had all all the fanfare and he's unbeaten so far. Are you are you kind of believing the hype or has there been a bit of clever matchmaking? Has he been moved correctly? What what are you thinking? Cuz he's had the kind of backing that you haven't in your career. You've had to do it all the hard way. Yeah, I've obviously taken the long hard way. He been on the small hall shows um selling tickets etc. and voicing turnover relatively young. Um straight in with the Queen's free promotion. So he's had that back in and that help. Um again that that gives me that hunger, that desire. Um, and hopefully one day then I'll have the back end. Do you believe the hype though? Is he as good as what what they're all making out? I believe he's been against some level of opponents. Um, I think this is why he wants to take the step up as well that he realizes now that it's about time he did start fighting someone of a of a certain level. Um, so I believe that maybe that lack of experience with top level fighters or or good opponents um might kind of be a problem for him. Too much too soon. Maybe we will soon have to see, won't we? The reason why I've had such a great backing by by Queensbury and Frank Warren is because they know what I'm all about and uh and you're definitely going to see on July the 26th what Roston and Barney Smith can do and um then perhaps come along. Good luck to you. Will you be dragging him into a fight July 26th? Throw bottles at me now. Now, that's one of them things whereby like Voyson said, it's a secret. Um, I'm not going to give away too much about how I'm going to come out, how I'm going to fight. Um, it's a 10 round fight, which could be a long 10 rounds. What are your advantages? Um, you got experience. Um, you got senior experience. You know, as an amateur, uh, well over half of my amateur fights were seniors. Um, I know Royston obviously boxed on a very high level as a as a youth. Um, but again, It's, as they would say, it's a boy versus a man. Um, I don't see the age gap being an issue. Um, I still feel about 21 myself. Could be boy versus man. Royston. Yeah, definitely. And I don't think it's the way that he's thinking of where um, and I'm a bit younger, but I'm definitely mature. I've had 14 fights as a professional now. Um, I didn't have any youth youth experience. to turn over from the age of of 16. I signed me professional contract at 17. I have trained with the best. I've been living with the best and uh and that's that's all going to show when I get in the ring on July the 26th and put on a masterclass performance. He's probably going to ask questions of you that no one has yet as a pro. He's probably going to take you to deeper waters than you've been in. Are you ready for that? Have you got that in you? Have you got that fight in you? You got that dog in you that you'll need on July 26th, Dev. I've been born with it since the day I come help me mom and uh definitely definitely going to be more than ready for this fight. What would you like to say to your opponent? He's been he's been born with it. What would you like to say to Danny Portain? Danny, I'm going to wish you the best camp you're ever going to have because you're going to need it because you I'm going to bring my aame and uh I'm going to show you what I'm all about. Perfect. Because I only want to fight the best voice in Barney Smith. Definitely. You're going to get him. How does this fight go, Danny? DQ win. Nothing. As in your initials, not disqualification. Not. Yeah. Okay. Just just a just a conf. He's won by DQ. Okay. We don't want that. We definitely don't want that. So, your your your plan is a just a Danny Cain win. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm going to get in there and I'm going to try me best and every fighter wants to get the stoppage and knock out and that's what I'm going to try and do. Fantastic stuff. There is your chief support. There we go. Let's hear it for these guys. Forest and Barney Smith, Danny Quarter. Hopefully no DQs. Let's uh let's get to this main event, the return of the piranha. Hungry Piranha chomping at the Vick as I mentioned. And uh hey, this is what looks to be the toughest test of his career against Reese Balotti. Very seasoned. Got those British and Commonwealth belts in front of him. Ryan, I'm going to start with you. You're back on the South Coast. You're become a bit of a face around here now. Second time headlining. What are you thinking heading into this fight? And and what how do those belts look to you over there? Um yeah, they look good. Obviously, every British boxer wants to win the British title and obviously the Commonwealth he's got as well. Obviously, I got the European, so hopefully I want to I want to make history, mate. Um I believe well I don't believe anyone from Southampton's ever won the British Commonwealth and European total at the same time. Um, I'm under no illusion. This is the biggest fight of my career. Amateur or pro. I know Reese is a very, very good fight. He's got all my respect. And um, yeah, it's going to be fireworks. I know that on fight night. And be sure not to be missed. Well, Reys, let's uh, let's bring you in. It's been quite the career for you so far. You've got those belts in front of you now. Plenty of ups and downs. And, uh, what what does this moment mean in your career? Uh, this moment is massive. Uh it's definitely the biggest in my career too. I mean unfortunately for the viewers there's not going to be a huge amount of beef or animosity between me and Ghana because we respect each other to where we are in our careers. Um I expect the hardest fight of my career also and I will train accordingly. Six fight winning streak, six brilliant wins, couple of unbeaten fighters in there as well and you're hurting people, knocking out people that don't get knocked out. You must have a a lot of confidence. You must feel in the form of your life heading into this one. Absolutely. Like you say, I am I'm in good form. I feel good. Uh the moving up in weight has massively helped me. Um and yeah, I say I'm looking forward to the fight. Ryan, is it safe to say that Reese is the puncher in this fight? He's got 75% knockout rate. Are you looking at him as the the big bad puncher? Well, yeah, like you say, it's Brea speak for himself. I think he's got um nearly as many knockouts have had fights. So, yeah, obviously he's big puncher. I know that. Um, but look, I know if the Ryan Garner that I know what I'm capable of turns up, I know that I can come away with a win. But like I said, it's going to be the hardest fight of my career and as he said, he's going to trade accordly and so am I. Um, but yeah, it's just going to be exciting fight, mate, and I'm looking forward to it and I'm looking forward to putting on a good show. Listen, I think you're both uh both brilliant fighters, both very similar as well, both family men, nice fellas. Ultimately, what is going to separate you, Ryan? This this is your night. You've got this St. Mary's dream in the background as well. You need to win from your perspective. Reys, of course, you need to win. But Ryan, what is going to separate you from Reese Balotti? Um, I don't know, mate. Uh, I just think whatever I I'm capable of, I just think it's it's more than enough to win. Like I say, it's going to be a tough fight. I'm under no illusion of that. I know how good he is. Look, he's had a like you say, he's had 15 knockouts, man. I've only had 17 fights, so I've got to be switched on at all times with him. But listen, I know it's going to be a hard fight, but I know it's one that I'm sure that I can come away with a win. And Ree, he's made it pretty clear you are the toughest test of his career. Where does, you know, you've been in with some great fighters over the years. Where does Ryan Garner rank for you? Uh, for me, he's definitely up there. I know other people may look at like Raid four because he's a world champion, stuff like that, but there's no reasons why I can't go and win the world titles and why Ryan can't also. Um, and like you say, mentally I every opponent I get in there, they're the hardest by far. And Ryan's up there for me. How much of a factor is your power heading into this? Um, well, I don't really use that so much anymore as as a as a factor for me because I learned the hard way doing that before in my career when I got beat because I just relied on it and thought that was the only thing I needed. There's a lot more to the game and I've learned that now and uh I'm not just that one trick pony anymore. and uh that will play dividends on the night. You did a little face off here in the in the fan zone the other day. Um the Garner fans didn't have very nice words for you for you. I've seen the clip. Uh and I think that's just a sample of what you're going to get on fight night. How do you feel about that? Because they are going to be really backing him here. Yeah, 100%. And so they should. Um listen, I'll be honest with you, I loved it. It's hilarious. Um um but that sort of stuff I'm not that fussed in. You know what I mean? I've been up north a couple of times, been in Manchester, Liverpool, been getting abused left, right, and center. It's just part of the sport and was part of what people do when they bat their fighter and uh I listen, I'm I'm ready for that anyway. How's it going to affect you, Ryan? Once again, the you know, all the fans will be behind you, but sounds like it might even give Reese a bit of a G up. Yeah. Um at the end of the day, look, the sport's amazing. I love it. You know what I mean? Obviously them backing me, but at the end of the day, it's only me and Reese getting in there in it. So, I don't think it's going to play much of a factor. You know what I mean? is going to spur me on maybe in times in there. See if it gets when the tough gets going maybe. Who knows? But um yeah, it don't really make a difference. I mean, it's me and Reese in the ring at the end of the day. So, yeah, but don't get me wrong, I love the back end. So, get behind me. There's another element uh another man who will be behind you, Ryan, is Frank Warren of Queensbury. A man who will be behind you, Ree, is Eddie Hearn of Matram. We've got a little bit of Queensbury versus Matram. Bit of spice. Uh want to do it for Frank as well, Ryan? Yeah, of course. Obviously, first and foremost, I want to do it for myself, do you know what I mean? But, um, yeah, Frank's backed me for a long way, so it's only right I pay him back, do you know what I mean? So, yeah. And Ree Eddie needs Eddie needs some wins. Yeah, absolutely. He's not got the best record against Crezy at the moment, so hopefully I'm the man to change it for him. What What's the What's the prediction for fight night, Ree? Uh, I think a very entertaining fight for the fans, but one I believe I win. Ryan, same as that, mate. Obviously, I'm not going to say Obviously, I'm going to back myself in it, but like I say, I think it's a our styles will gel very well. I think um it's got all the makers of a good fight. And like I say, I think it's very exciting fight, but Ryan going to win. Okay, let's get some questions from the media. We've got a a roaming mic here. If you just introduce yourself and say question. This is uh Oscar Pick for Boxing News. Just got a quick question for Ree. Um, Ree, you've often gone into people's backyard, you know, been in the away corner. How much confidence do you take from that sort of familiarity in this fight? Uh, you take quite quite a bit. Like I say, experience is key. Um, I've been in them situations where I'm getting booed and stuff like that, but like Ryan said there, it's only me and him in the ring at the end of the day and we're the ones fighting. So, and I back myself and I look forward to that. Dan George, BBC Sport. Um, question for Royston. Um, kind of similar to what Deb touched on earlier, but do you feel like Danny will bring out a side to you that we haven't seen before? And do you think that we'll see something that, you know, you've not been able to display so far? Yeah, for sure. He's he's a good fighter and I'm going to give my 100% all to to Danny in this fight and um it's going to be a cracking one. Callum Pierman, Combat Sports UK. Ryan, how important is it for you? Sorry, I'm here. It was How important is it for you to keep flying the flag for South Coast Boxing to become a sort of face for Southampton and especially South Coast Boxing? You're building up in these cards. How important is that to you? Oh, it's massive. Like I say, um I've said it so many times, my dream is obviously headline here at St. Mary's. So, I've got the club right behind me at the moment. Um I just become a bassor for the Saints Foundation as well. So, everything's going in the right direction, mate. You know what I mean? But obviously, I got a big task at hand on the 26th of July. come through that mate and then the dream still alive to fight her at St. Mary's mate. So yeah, it's massive having the I got the whole city behind me, the club. So I can't thank everyone enough, mate, if I'm honest and it's spurring me on to keep winning. Ryan, you've got the toughest test. Sorry, Umar, you're going to have to introduce yourself. Come on, mate. It's Umar done it for me. Um Ryan, you've got um look that beautiful stadium behind you. We were discussing it just now. How many he can fill and as the gentleman earlier was saying, you are becoming a face of boxing down here. You've got a man here who's your toughest, you know, test to date right now. So, how much extra pressure is that adding? We're here. We can see the stadium. You're one fight away potentially for a world title as well fighting here. How much extra pressure has that added? Um I think every fight brings pressure. You know what I mean? They're all getting harder now. I'm at a stage in my career where there's never going to be no more easy fights. You know what I mean? They're all hard and I believe Reese is going to be the hardest fight of my career. So, there's always pressure there. But listen, I just got to keep doing me, mate. Like, keep the blinkers on, not let nothing um get in the way of that and not keep the noise out, you know what I mean? And as long as I do the what I'm capable of, then this dream's still alive. Okay, no more questions from the media, but one more from me just uh because I can't ignore that Royston and Ryan Garner are sat next to each other. They're both from Southampton. What a big fight that would be one day. Hey, if we're talking about filling up St. Mary's, it feels like it might be you two one day. Are you you kind of looking at that? Either of you can answer. Yeah, listen, I know it keeps being being brought up. It's a it's always a fight that could happen there potentially down the line. You know what I mean? I feel Listen, I got to get past Ree first. I mean, I can't look past that. You know what I mean? Obviously, I'm not worried about Royston at the moment. You I mean, I've only got Reese on my mind. Um, he's got my respect, you know. I mean, I can't look over him at all. Um, but like I say, there's always been the talks of potentially me and Royston fighting there. Listen, it'd be amazing like like one day, who knows, next summer here at St. Mary's. It could be me and him. Who knows, I could lose before then he could lose before then and then that that could be all ripped up. Do you know what I mean? So, just take it as it comes, mate. And then see what happens next year. Sure. It'd be it'd be it'd be a great dream. We've known each other for a long time. We we had the same trainer for a short period of time and uh Wayne's a nice nice nice bloke anyway. And um it'd be it would be special if if we could do it. But um I'm not looking past Danny Cmain on July the 26th and um we all got to do a job and if if everything pays off and goes the way I think it's going to go, then hopefully one day it may happen. Good. Correct answer from from both of you boys. The main event of course Ryan Garner, Reese Balotti and the Chief Support Roy, Barney Smith, Danny Carter. Get your tickets on sale tomorrow, July 26. If you want your tickets, yeah, live around the world on the zone. Let's get these fighters faced off. Security, you boys can step down. Not needed at all. Thank you very much. Cheers. Just going to mark the center. Middle of the sign. Yeah. Okay. Well, that is Royston. Barney Smith in shot there. Huge fight for him against Danny Cartain. This is the step up for Royston. Danny Cartain, WBO European and IBF European Champion. Both fighters unbeaten. Cartain coming off that draw with Jack Bates and it all ended quite horribly with a with a cut. Bit of unfinished business there, but he now moves on to Royston Barney Smith. The young buck unbeaten so far, just 21 years old, and he's been crying out for an opportunity like this. He's been crying out for a fight like this where the opponent comes to win. The opponent doesn't tuck up and and move around. And let me tell you this, Danny Cartain will 100% be coming to win. He sees Royston Barney Smith here as a brilliant scalp to move his own career forward. Look at those belts on the line as well. Royston Barney Smith, Danny Cartain, chief support. And we talk about peer pressure. A lot of pressure on Royston here to deliver. He's had all the backing and all the fanfare since turning pro at 18 years old. Remember he was doing interviews with Frank Warren at 17. They were waiting and waiting for him to turn 18 so he could have his first pro fight. He's had that. He's unbeaten so far and now he steps up in levels. Brilliant fight. Chief support July 26th. An interesting chat there of course about Royston Barney Smith and Brian Garner both being from Southampton. Ryan Garner leading the way down here at the moment. But Rustin Barney Smith is he's at his heels just clipping at his heels catching him up. Shared a trainer once. Maybe we'll see that one day. But hey, they've both got to keep winning. And Reese Balotti most certainly has his own plans. He's on a brilliant sixight winning streak, including taking unbeaten scouts of the likes of Akib Fiaz, Liam Dylan, he's British and Commonwealth Champion, and he wants the European. Ryan Garner of course won that European super featherweight title with that brilliant win over Salvi Gimenez in Bournemouth at the BIC at the Bick back in March. It was probably a career best performance. Showed a bit of maturity. It was a great win and he wanted to add these belts. Don't think we're going to see too much needle here, but what you've got here are two brilliant fighters in the form of their lives in your main event, Saturday, July 26th on Done. And this one should be absolute fireworks. Well, that concludes our press conference here today. Couple of amusing moments. Proper proper fights, proper step-ups, proper pressure. July 26th, peer pressure.