Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, this is a rematch scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the British Commonwealth and WBA Continental Heavyweight Championships brought to you by Riot Season and the General Entertainment Authority. GIA with Frank Warren for Queensberry Promotions, Bob Arum for Top Rank Incorporated, Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing, Gold Star Promotions, Boxer and Cella, along with their great sponsors, Saudi Tourism Authority, Saudi National Bank, STC, Dr. Sullean, Alhabib Medical Group, Saudi Airlines, New Muraba Development Company, and Lucid Motors. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control, Steward in Charge, Guy Williamson, MBE, along with the World Boxing Association, President Hilberto Mendoza Jr., Supervisor Carlos Chavez, CBC Supervisor Debbie Down. Our three judges assigned all from England will be Mark Bates, Steve Gray, and John Laam. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be Victor Lachlan of Scotland. Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing black trunks with white and weighed in officially at 271.3 lb. Coming to us from Burton on Trent Stafford Shear, England, a 2020 Olympic bronze medalist. He is now undefeated as a professional with eight wins, one draw. six of his eight wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Razer the Eraser Claw babies. And his opponent across the ring, he is a defending champion fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing green camouflage trunks and weighed in officially at 241.6 lbs. Hailing from Ipsswitch, England, he is undefeated with 17 wins, one draw, 16 of his 17 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending British Commonwealth and WBA Continental Heavyweight Champion, Fabio Wardley. [Applause] Okay, boys, you've had your instructions. Remember, obey my commands at all time. Defend yourselves at all time. Both belt lines are fine. Anything below this will regarded as low. Best of luck. God bless. Touch gloves. Well, 7 months ago, they competed in an incredible allaction fight of the year contender. Now, the rematch. Dare we expect another thriller? Frasier Clark versus Fabio Wardley. Here we go. Let's see who will get the rhythm first with that jab. Wood would like to say he neglected it in the first fight. And Fraser Clark, I mean, you have to argue that that is his best shot. So, who can find the range? Who can get the ribbon with that shot? And that's going to help them find their right hand. Great. and go on the track double the jab. He had great success. He probably never come behind it. That's all times and that that was his best punch of the first fight. That's the voice of Andy Lee joining us here ringside. I'm Todd Gisham. Next to Darren Barker and Barry Jones. Barry, who do you have as a favorite here? It's a difficult. You think that the most adaptable should be the better boxing brain, the better skill, and that surely is Fraser Clark, right? I'm still thinking that Waldy will drag him into that wall. And I thought Fraser won the first fight actually, but it was close. I thought he did enough. But I think Wley might just be able to dog it out again this time. If and when Wley gets Clark her like he did in the first fight. Good jab there from Clark. He has to keep his composure. Yeah, I think he's inexperienced. Good jab. Double jab right hand from Clark. It's been a good positive start from Clark. Yeah. Bit patient as well, isn't it? Yeah. If Wardy gets him hurt, he's got to be composed, not rush his work and not punch himself out. For Clark is to keep it this, keep it a technical contest. Don't mix it too much. Don't try and bang with the banger. Keep it a boxing match. Make Wardley move his feet because Wardley, due to his inexperience as an amateur boxer, no amateur experience, he can't punch and move his feet at the same time. He has to be set to punch. You'll see he holds his feet a lot, but when he moves his feet, he's not half as effective. But the problem is with Wley, he will commit to an attack. I mean, he will lose his shape and he will swing. That's just the way he does it. What happens when he lands? Wley already has in trouble downstairs and upstairs. He's got to keep his composure now. This is the important moment for Wardley. He's just been hurt himself with a left back. He's got to keep his composure now. Wardley, they call this round 13. They're taking off and down goes Clark. Shoot. He doesn't look good. Good. Round one. KO. Fabio Wardley's dead. First round destruction of Fraser Clark. Fabio Wardley. Take a bow. That was impressive. That's what we want to see. Heavyweight boxing knockouts. Do you know what? He commits to every attack. But again, there's that looping right hand of his every time he lets it go. And we spoke about that before the fight about Clark having to roll underneath it if he could, but he caught he got caught again. And then, as you said, he didn't really take his time like he should have, but he's a great finisher and he doesn't let you off left you off the hook. And he's been saying that all week. It only takes one in the heavyweight division and it was Frasier Clark who got on the receiving end of a massive right hand. Emanuel Steu would always say to me, try your man in the first round because they haven't warmed up physically and they haven't adapted or adjusted to the punches being punched yet. So, you're most vulnerable in your first round and that was the first real significant shot Wardley threw and it got the job done. Huge statement. That is going to turn a lot of heads. That is a massive massive victory. Not just the opponent, the scout, but the manner in which he was one there first round destruction of Fraser Clark. I mean, what next for Wly Barry? But because of his athleticism, when he throws a shot, he gets all his body into it cuz he's just so smooth with his movements. What's next for him? You know, you said, "No, this is a this is a British level." No, they're skipping British the world level. He will get a world rating. He's not he's a way off, I think, for those those group of world class fighters, but there's a European level to go for. And I think, you know, he's a real exciting fight for a for a fighter who's still learning. Let's be honest, Andy's still learning his trade. Yeah. Still learning his trade, but what he has, he's got that X factor. He's got ability and talent and he's a quick obviously a quick learner because he's picked up. So, he's no amateur experience. He's extraordinary to become British champion and have a first round knockout like this. He's beaten already David Adelide who's a good contender himself. This guy's got the X factor. He can go he can go really far. He has something that you can teach. He's fearless. Yeah. I mean, you can't give that to anybody. You've got or you haven't. And remember this guys, he he only sparred for the first time at age 20. So, he's going to get better and better every fight he has. He has absolutely no right to be to be putting in performances like that. And that's where it shows he's obviously hardworking. He has natural talent and carries ridiculous power in that right hand of this. And also so I do say that even though he's had wars, he's relatively fresh cuz he haven't had like we had the long amateur cruise when we were 10 years of age. He he started when he was about 20 and they're still tending to Frasier Clark in the corner. That's how massive a shot that was from Fabio Wardley who is now 180 and1 with 17 KOs. And he said coming into this fight, his big quote was, "I want to take his head off his shoulders." And he nearly did it, Andy. Yeah, he nearly did it. Nice to see um Clark getting the treatment and the time that he's not being rushed out of the ring here because that was a heavy punch. And I still don't He probably doesn't know where he is at the moment. He's probably realizing what happened in the fight. That's that really when you get hit with a punch like that, it just scramles your But he knew enough not to get up. You know, when he was on his knee, he knew he was steady. Yeah. He knew, didn't he? He knew had he got up, he would have Yeah. But he knew that much, I think. Great respect between them. Listen, he this fight could have been completely different, but he just got caught with that punch so early. And that's the that's the beauty of heavyweight boxing, but also Yeah. If you're on the on the losing side, just the bad side of it as well. So, they've had two fights. won a fight with the Urgender, an absolute war of attrition and then a devastating knockout like that. That's not bad. Not bad at all. And for this guy who literally was a white collar boxer, it's unbelievable. Yeah, it was a bit of a chess match to start with the first few seconds. No one really establishing anything and it was just a big wide overhand right from Wling. You can see it scrambled the the senses of Fraser Clark. The legs were there and you felt here he may just slightly have recovered. He was trying to fire back with a little left hook, the the right uppercut. Then there was another right hand that completely took everything away from Fraser Clark and you could see the eyes there and he gets a free shot when he turned on the corner when he turns around. If he would have turned around the referee has to has to say break. When he did turn around he had a free shot there for a second there Wally and that probably finished it. He did about to keep composed. He's used the ropes as a little bit of a know of a of a stool there just to sort of keep him composed. And then he has a lovely uppercut here. You think, hang on a minute, it's going to turn. One bad mistake is not being able to clinch. He should have clinched and held on for dear life. Oh wow. Just couldn't get himself organized. Good call by Victor Lock and the referee there. He had to stop it. He was over anyway. He had to stop it. Huge statement. Massive win that for Fabio Wardley. Oh, look at that. Again, it's it's his favorite shot. You have to study that, you know, and and know that's coming. You've been in you've done 12 rounds before with him. And and he's so unorthodox because he's a novice, you could say, in comparison to the pedigree that Fraser Clark has. Fraser Clark's used to fighting people with very good fundamentals, straight shots. So when you've got someone like Fabio Wardley throwing shots from all angles, you don't really know how to prepare for that incredible finish. Wow. Fabio Wley, he made it look easy. The biggest win of his life by far. And now where does he go from here? The biggest stage in boxing Riad season. And Fabio Wardley stands tall after knocking out Frasier Clark in round one. You look good. Don't worry, kid. As he wings at the camera, [Music] ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 28 seconds of round number one. Our referee in charge, Victor Lachlin, waves off the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated and still British Commonwealth and WBA Continental Heavyweight Champion Fabio Wardley. [Applause] [Music]