Kind: captions Language: en When the bell rings, our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Kieran McCann. Introducing to you first, fighting tonight out of the red corner, she comes to the ring wearing pink trunks and weighed in officially at 127.9 lbs. Coming to us from Lab, Czech Republic. She brings a professional record of three wins, six defeats. All three wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Katarina Devorakova and her opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. She comes to the ring wearing turquoise with silver and weighed in officially at 128.10 pounds. Hailing from Enfield, London, England, she is undefeated with four victories. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Lily, the chosen one. Ladies, you Karina Lily. Right, ladies, listen up. You both know the rules. You will obey my commands at all times. When I tell you to break, break clean. Take a step back. Throw no punches. Mind your heads in close and importantly, ladies. Protect yourself at all times. All right, shake hands. [Music] Well, here we go. If you've just joined us, welcome to Portman Road. Welcome to the home of Ipsswitchtown Football Club. You're joined by myself, Darren. Recent Denel Bentley for a spectacular night of boxing which will end with Fabio Wardley versus Justice Honey. But we kick things off this evening with Lily Winch who's in there against Katarina Theova. Winching those blue shorts getting off to a nice aggressive start. Denzel. Yeah, not as good. She's she's obviously, you know, feeling the moment and she's she's just got straight in there off that jab. Her opponent's very active though, you know, staying in front of her, throwing a jab. She's not just coming to lay down, but Winch has thrown a nice jab, nice lateral movement and counter with a hook from time to time. Well, Derek Kova, out of the three wins that she has on her record, those three have all been stoppages. though she can clearly punch and as you clearly pointed out straight away she is right in front of her and she too has come forward and started this in an aggressive manner which I guess the style of Lily Winch will be right up her street. Yeah, it will be. I mean it will make for entertaining fight. I mean Winch will probably prefer this rather than the opponent trying to circle around and survive. She's got someone that's willing to stand in the pocket and fight with her. But Derakova, that's her name, right? Correct. Yeah. Yep. Yep. She's She's game. She's game. She's coming. She's letting her hands go. Oh, the nose is bleeding already, but she's still coming forward. She only know one way. Absolute tear up here. Jeez. We're now joined by Aloy Jun. I wonder where that voice come from. He's suited and booted just off the back of the glorious win in Glasgow. Aloy, welcome along. Thank you. What you liking from what you're seeing in the first few moments of sitting down at the commentary table? I'm I'm Listen, I can see a tear up going on here and I like war and and the fans like to see war, too. So, this is entertaining. I think I'm the only one that didn't get the memo with the dress code, but it's fine, though. Next time. Don't worry, you got a UV championship. You're on your way. You'll get that scene. You get that scene. But Derkova is definitely a fighter who comes on that front foot. Round two. Well, let's see if she can put some of that stuff into action. Big stage, big moment. Definitely the biggest event that she's been a part of out here in a stadium. There'll be 20,000 people in here later on. And I was going to say when the sun comes down, but we can't see it. But when it does get dark and the lights in here get a bit brighter, that noise will most definitely get a bit higher. And that electricity that boxing brings will fill all of us. But Lily Winch opening the second round just trying to keep holding the center of that ring there. But Derkova is an aggressive come forward fighter and she has most certainly got her work cut out. She has. He has Winch still looks comfortable even though Derk Hoba is applying that pressure. She's throwing shots from everywhere. But Lynch is just staying, you know, calm in that storm and she's just letting that jab go and count him well with the left hook. Yeah, when Win uses that jab, it looks amazing. Yeah, the jab's beautiful. Keep doing that. Keep breaking her back down. Yeah, I I I think so too. I think she hits hard enough clearly to be able to stop Derikova. She's breaking her down. Like Alloy said, the jab is beautiful. If she can just stick to that, she's wearing a way to, you know, probably stop it off. Well, if she does manage to get the job done, it will be Lily Winch's first stoppage. And I got to tell you that the fighters she's had in that opposite corner in her career and her professional career so far. She's not had it easy. She has had tough fighter after tough fighter, and she's got exactly the same thing on her hands here, but I'm sure she is the type of person who loves that. She likes the opportunity. She likes a challenge. And that was a really good left hook to the body which she threw right under the right elbow of Derkova. This is good boxing from Lily Winch. And the same from Derkova. [Applause] Shots. Good left. Good body shots. She's doing nothing. She's flowing. She's flowing. Definitely. Good head movement, too. I mean, she just rolled two punches there. [Music] Those two minute rounds really fly by, don't they, Denji? They do. Of course, they do. They they they fly by. I mean you got you have because of the mark it reminds you of the amateurs when the amateurs there weren't really no space to kind of breathe and find your feet you have to just go out there and let your hands cling so much like when I was started training I'm happy that coming she looks like she's just starting to find her range just starting to find her rhythm are we going to you know what are We're going to start to see her let her hand goes a little bit more as that time goes by. Absolutely. We're going to see her showcase her skills. Yeah. She's Whenever you watch an interview with Lily Win, she's she loves it. You can tell that you really love it. She's one of those. You two love it. And I interviewed you after your fight a couple of weeks ago. I don't know if anybody loves it as much as you, but that passion really pours out. Again, you have to love what you do. And yeah, you're on the score. Well, here we go. There is the bell to symbolize the start of this third round and both fighters come to the center of the ring. Derkova just trying to dig in those right hands, uppercuts and hooks. But good solid shots there from Lily Winch who just digs her toes into the canvas and lets those shots go. Every couple of which get through from Derkovic. She kind of shakes them off, bites down in her gum shield and goes again. Mhm. You got to give Derkov credit because she's taking shots, but she hasn't she isn't backing up or, you know, crumbling. She's she's trying to give it back. She's giving Lily Witch a lot to think about. Definitely a pressure fighter. Yeah. And it makes for a good fight. I think Winch is finding some good shots, especially to the body. Mhm. [Applause] Good stab to the body from Winch with that left hand with that left jab of I think Winch might just have a nose bleed also. So you can see the pressure of Derikova taking an effect, but she's still comfortable. Winch is still relaxed and isn't panicking or anything. Mhm. Calming calming the fire. Yeah. Good shot. Winch's defensively looking good because she has got an opponent in front of her who is throwing shots which doesn't always happen when you've got those typical kind of away corner fighters but she's defensively doing well and countering well at the same time but a good observation Denel both of them are bleeding from the nose so some of those shots have got through and this is a this is a good scrap so far it is it's it's a really good scrap but one that I think winch is winning will win winning com comfortably. Good body shots. Good body shots. And when I say comfortably, I I don't mean Derek Cobra isn't, you know, putting on pressure and making Winch think. I just think it's easy to score on the eye from Winch's perspective. Good uppercut. That was a nice uppercut. That lead uppercut which landed from Winch. Just drove it up from a hips there and it landed sweetly on the chin of Derakova. I guess with this being a sixrounder, I mean, it's still a lot of rounds, isn't it? But you know they're they're two-minute rounds over the halfway stage now. What does what does she need to think about Lily Winch? I mean I think she's doing everything right. I don't think she's doing much wrong. I mean um maybe she maybe defensively tightened up but the amount of shots that are coming from Derakova. Some are going to slip through and they are as we can see. But from me perspective I think she just needs to not neglect the jab. Stick to the jab cuz that's what keeps Derkova at bay. And then counters are coming off lovely. She's got to stick to what she's doing in my opinion. Eloise Denzel Bentley couldn't understand it better. This is why we've got him on the mic. He's everywhere. Everywhere you look, you'll see a Denzel Bentley on your TV, on your radio. Well, if you're just joining us, welcome. You haven't missed too much so far. We are into our opening bout of the evening for the first fight at Portman Road since 1935. That's the last time that this place hosted boxing. And Lily Winch is doing a good job of keeping the proceedings nice and lively for the sport which we love so much. And both of these fighters have been battling for the center in the ring. And this is great work from both of them. Yeah. Listen, when she's more when she's relaxed, it it just flows, man. Good body shots, good combinations, great head movement. She's going to be something. You know what? I agree with you. I think I think she is. I mean, I' I'd seen her around the circuit and um probably been in the same gym here and there when we got up to spot match, but I've never actually seen her fight and this is my first time seeing her fight and I'm I'm impressed. [Music] Just start to get the sense that Derkova isn't coming forward as much as she has been because she's felt a little bit about a little bit of that pressure and she's been caught a few with a few more shots than she had in the previous rounds. And Winch is just starting to get to her. Oh, lovely right hand there from Winch. Beautifully placed. Great timing there. The perfect [Applause] shot. Good shots. [Applause] Derkova most certainly on that back foot now. Lily Winch over the top. Y and this is the first time you've seen Dova going backwards in this fight. And absolutely this is the best time for winch to step on it and she could possibly get that stoppage. Definitely when a when a pressure fighter keeps coming forward and they get broken down with a good jab and and once you start to break them down, they start to move back. That's when you can exploit cuz then they're out of the game now. She's hurt. Derkova's hurt. Yeah. And it's worth saying that Derkova has never been stopped. So the fact that you guys are noticing that she is her and you can see she's just above our commentary. She's breathing deeply through her nose. She's had a hard round there. running. Then you keep running into a stab. Don't worry, boys. When you when you have a pressure fighter and throwing a fifth dab at you, like it destroys your motivation to come forward and that's what's happening right here. Yeah, it definitely stops you in your tracks and it makes you run out of ideas cuz now Derova has to find different ways to try and get inside um Winch to be able to let her shots go. But where winch is coming off that stiff jab, she can't find it. So she's being hurt. She's being hit with every shot. Winch is really thorn. That's when you know when the back foot definitely How much confidence will she get from that when she can start to see that despite who's been coming forward is now on the back foot. Surely that builds you confidence, doesn't it? Oh, 100%. It gives you a different piece of energy. So now you're going to see Wrench start pushing forward and you know what I'm saying to try and hurt Derkova more instead of just opting to hold the feet or step back a little bit. She's going to be pressing forward and pushing the pace and see how much she can break Derkova. Well, this the penultimate round in the super featherweight division. Winch just shrugs off the shots which have come from Derakova and carries on doing what she's been doing in the four previous rounds which is marching forwards and mixing it up body and head and body. These are good shots here from Lily Winch who's really digging in now. And she looks like she's starting to properly enjoy herself in there and you can tell that by her body language in a way that she just snaps that jab out and what follows. Yeah, definitely. Who doesn't like a little hunt? Especially when someone's running around. Oh, I love that stuff. Yeah, she's full she's in full control right now. She's It's just It's on her time now, basically. [Applause] The one thing I could criticize is she could close that gap quicker. Yeah. Coming forward, but that's just me just being quick. But I mean, a she's doing is completely fine. And that's what these fights are about, right? It's about, you know, filling those gaps, isn't it? It's these are the learning fights. Yeah. SP a d a beautiful double left foot, body and head. Oh. You can say this. This this woman has some pride, man. She does. She has some heart. She is not having it. All the respect to her. Absolutely. She wants to keep that record of never being stopped before. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. [Applause] Nice right hand there from Winch. And there goes another one. Relaxed. Good. And relaxed. And you just get the sense that it couldn't be too long. And she rocks it. And Derakova may well find herself on the canvas, but Winter's still got some work to do. Stop it. The team were right on the edge of the canvas there. But plenty coming up this evening. Both on the prelims undercard. This is what we've got coming for you. Um Khan comes up next. If you haven't seen him before, he is a sweet boxer. He's got some really good skills but knows how to mix it up as well. And then Sam Gilly who may well be frustrated. It is not the fight which he wanted. He wanted that rematch with Louis Green. But nevertheless, he's here in an eight rounder. And then Billy Boom Boom Adams will finish off our prelims this evening. But Lo, I got to give you some credit. I was watching you on the stream this week and Sam Gilly came off stage and he was so frustrated. It wasn't a fight that he wanted, but you gave him such an optimistic message and said, "Look, you're here. You're still fighting. It's still an eight round. You're still going to get loads under your belt. That was a fighter to fighter talk. Yeah. Like at the end of the day, it's just another experience. And the more experience you have, the better you become. Especially like you're more prepared for the situations up by hand. Guyo, he's being all mature in that. I'm just trying. I'm only 22. You wouldn't believe it. Well, here we go. The sick final round in our opening bout. Well, our opening contest of the evening where the wind is starting to get a bit chilly here in Ipsswitch, but great to be outside in this stadium. And Winch on that front foot looks like she has well and truly gauged that distance and the shots are coming together nicely now. So, yeah, they're flowing. It is flowing. I think the towers have come in, man. I think this is too much for for this. It is. I think so, too. I think so, too. I mean, I think she's eating shots. Winch hasn't missed a shot in the last three rounds. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Derkova still throwing. We have to observe that she is throwing. Not much is getting through, especially not like the first couple of rounds. But Oh, yeah. She's still there even though she's on the back foot and she's changed her tactics. She's tough. She She's a very tough woman. She She's really tough. And like Ellison said, with a lot of pride, she does she's not going to go up down easy and you got to give her full credit for that. I mean, it takes two to tango and she's made a she's also played a part in making this such an entertaining fight to watch. Mhm. Yeah, she's been a really good opponent. We'd like to see her back, that's for sure. And she's asked questions of which early in the first two rounds, which which answered broke her down, and now she's just having her way. Nice parry there from Winch. lot of that defensive work up with a straight right hand and Derkova really does find herself on the back foot as we go into the last few seconds of this sixth and final round. It doesn't look like Winch is going to be the first person to stop her, but a very strong performance. Yeah, definitely. Nevertheless, very, very strong performance. [Applause] Great to see such respect between the pair of them and it looked like it was going to be a well-matched fight throughout the six rounds, but Winds just got on top of the end, didn't she, Denzel? Yeah, she did. I mean, the first two rounds were competitive. I still think she was winning those two rounds, but um Derikova was was was asking a lot of questions of her like, "How tough are you? Can you stay in here with me? I'm going to test you." And she ended up winch ended up breaking Derikova down and pushing her back in the last three or four I think and took over the fight, fought at her pace, got comfortable, landed at wheel but the first two rounds Derikova definitely pose the challenge and she is tough. She started going backwards and wasn't going down. She was still throwing punches. She was still in the fight. Excellent work. Well, over to Thomas Triber who has the official scorecard. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after six two-minute rounds of boxing, our referee in charge, Kieran McCann, scores the contest 60- 54 for your winner. And still undefeated, Lily, the chosen one, wins.