Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for six rounds in the super banttom weight division brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season 32 red, that prize guy, Uni Bet and Global Next Trade. When the bell rings, our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Darren Maxwell. Introducing to you first, fighting tonight out of the red corner, he comes to the ring wearing silver with blue and weighed in officially at 127.4 lbs. Hailing from Kil Maro, Scotland. He has two professional bouts to his credit. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Dylan [Music] Nixon and his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing Blackwood Green and weighed in officially at 127.3 lbs. Hailing from Shots Scotland, he is undefeated with seven wins. Four of his seven wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Marcus Sutherland. Right guys, both know the rules. Listen to BMI commands at all times. Defend yourselves at all times. Touch. Well, one thing's clear. Dylan Nixon most certainly has a height advantage on Marcus Southerntherland. That became apparent when they squared off at the weigh-in yesterday. But here we go. This one scheduled for six in the super bantamweight division. I heard say he doesn't watch any boxing. He must be married to my wife cuz she don't allow boxing nails either. It's not that uncommon, you know, when you speak to some boxers and they haven't got a clue. I remember Gavin McDonald said exactly the same thing to me and I was blown away. Good shot right hand from Sland. Lovely. And straight down to the canvas goes Dylan Nixon who's holding the back of his head, but he does make it to his feet. [Music] The corner telling him to get back on his jab, but he looks a little bit worried and worried, but he whipped the left hook in there. And that was a solid right hand there from Marcus Southerntherland. and the 200 plus fans who have stayed late to watch him after the main event were loving a bit of that. And Southerntherland hunting his prey now follows up with that left hook and the straight right hand snaps his head back and the referee rightly so waves it off because Dylan Nixon was in no position to continue and it's all over in the opening round. Excellent. So late tonight as well. Sick of the like how long he's had to wait to step into the ring. Sharp, strong, and just absolutely dust him. He wants to go bed. That's what it is. He wants to go bed. Well, well supported and those that stuck around to see their man will be thrilled with that one. And I'm sure the party will continue late into the evening here in Glasgow. But Dylan Nixon looks okay. Just sat on the stool there getting some air from the British boxing border control doctor and that is always the most important thing. What an evening of boxing we've had tonight. It's been knockout heavy from the prelims. undercard. Undercard had some fantastic bouts on that. Loads of really destructive performances and then the main event was a was a good one and there was plenty before that as well with Moses at Talma showing us that he is a special fighter to keep an eye on. But Thomas Triber is ready to give us the official time. So we'll head over to him now. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 20 seconds of round number one. Your winner by way of technical knockout and still undefeated, Marcus Sutherland. [Applause]