Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the official weighin for Peer Pressure. A great night of championship boxing tomorrow from the Bournemouth International Center. It is being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry in association with Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing along with their great sponsors. Riot season 32 red uni bet that prize guy and global next trade. A big thanks to those great sponsors. A reminder this great event will be shown live worldwide on the zone. Let's now get the weigh-in process started. Our first two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled fourround super featherweight contest. Let's first welcome to the scale coming to us from Kaya Peru. He brings a professional record of 18 wins, 21 defeats, one draw, five wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Cesar Zordo Ignasio Bedes. &gt;&gt; Actually, Wor, this was your last opponent. So, what can you tell us? He He was a bit of a handful, right? &gt;&gt; Uh, I wouldn't say as much as that, Dev, but uh he he is decent. He's um he's he's definitely a durable and well tough man and it it' be a good &gt;&gt; 130.6 for Cesar Zordo Ignasio Bedes. Now we will welcome to the scale from Benfleet Essex, England. He had a stellar amateur career becoming a fivetime national champion and now is a professional is undefeated with one victory. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Frankie Wood. &gt;&gt; Here is the sixtime national amateur champion Frankie Wood ahead of fight number two Saturday night. &gt;&gt; 130.7 for Frankie Wood. He's a good talent is Frankie Wood. He's trained by Al Smith out of the uh the Eyebox gym. Been banking plenty of rounds with Charlie Senior. But yeah, you were talking about the the opponent. What? Not a handful, was a handful. He's decent. What What are you saying, Roy? He's the last man that you boxed. &gt;&gt; He uh he's a very durable man. It's a very good uh good fight for Frankie Wood and uh it'll be a good one to watch. &gt;&gt; It should be very interesting indeed. very talented amateur Frankie Wood. It's been about 9 months since we've seen him in the ring. He's had a few issues, but very much back on track and looking to uh make a statement tomorrow evening. And it will be a statement against the tough as Roy. &gt;&gt; Once again, ladies and gentlemen, these two competing tomorrow in a four round super featherweight contest. [Applause] &gt;&gt; They're getting these done pretty quick, aren't they? Yes. Our next two fighters to the scale competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround welterweight contest. Let's first welcome from Vas Louui, Romania, a veteran of 100 professional bouts. Here is Octavarian Grati. &gt;&gt; Well, you heard it there, Royston. 100 professional bouts. Are you going to have 100 professional bouts? Hopefully not, but uh definitely uh he does know he's around his his way around the ring for 100 &gt;&gt; 151.7 for Octavian Grati. &gt;&gt; Now we will welcome to the scale from Maidstone. Can England undefeated with four wins. One win comes by way of knockout. Here is Mason Payne. [Applause] 154.5 for the undefeated Mason Payne. Well, it will be fight number five for Mason Payne. He'll be looking to bring the pain in Bournemouth. Let's see if he can get the job done. 4-0 so far. Picked up a stoppage in his last fight. It's a Maidstone youngster. trains alongside Charlie Hickford and trained of course by Dan Woolage. This is a tough opponent. He's in with a tough nut to crack. He's only he's he's taken guys like Lewis Crocker the distance, Constantine Ersu, Louis Green. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. He he's had a 100 fights. He knows what it's about and uh he will be be looking to um try and get through the fight, but uh hopefully Mason does bring the pain. Once again, these two competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround welterweight contest. &gt;&gt; You like that one, didn't you? That makes the pain. I did that one. &gt;&gt; Sort of smoked. &gt;&gt; Our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround super middleweight contest brought to you in association with Eddie Hearnd for Matchroom Boxing. Let's first welcome to the scale coming to us from Saplina, Bosnia and Herzogina. His professional record 15 wins, 15 defeats, three wins coming by way of knockout. Here is Zedenko Boule. &gt;&gt; Well, here is the 23-year-old Croatian living in Bosnia, Zideno Boule. He'll be taking on Taylor Beavenon tomorrow evening. 170.4 for Zedeno Bool. &gt;&gt; Does he fight for match? &gt;&gt; Now we welcome to the scale from Southampton, England. A stellar amateur now undefeated as a professional with four wins. All four wins coming by way of knockout. Here is Taylor Beavenon. &gt;&gt; Well, it's been four fights, four wins, four knockouts so far for Taylor Beavenon, the amateur starlet. Fight number five tomorrow evening. &gt;&gt; 169.7 for the undefeated Taylor Beavenon. &gt;&gt; Well, as you said to me, Royston, you said, "Is that a Matroom fighter?" It is indeed. And it points to this brilliant growing relationship between Queensbor and Matroom that Queensbury have got a show on on the south coast. Taylor Beavenon's from the south coast. Any room on the card? Yes, there is. Here is Taylor Beavenon. So he's a great talent, Royston. &gt;&gt; For sure. He's uh and he's definitely showing it in the pro cruise. He's had four fights and uh stopped all four. So &gt;&gt; once again, these two competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround super middleweight contest. Well, we do look forward to seeing Taylor Beaven's fifth fight live on the zone tomorrow evening from Bournemouth. &gt;&gt; Our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled four round banttom weight contest. Let's first welcome to the scale from Siga Mexico. His professional record, three wins, seven defeats, one draw, one win coming by way of knockout. Here is Brandon Gallardo. &gt;&gt; Well, Brendan Gallardo is the man who will be taking on Hassan Ishach on his professional debut. 124.1 for Brandon Gallardo. Now we welcome to the scale from Slow, England, a stellar amateur becoming a two-time national champion. And now tomorrow he makes his highly anticipated professional boxing debut. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing Hassan Shooter. Well, this is a hugely anticipated professional debut tomorrow evening for Hassan. Shooter Ishach done plenty in the amateurs. Hits very hard. He's also got a very cute defense. So, looking forward to seeing what he's &gt;&gt; 123.2 for Hassan Shooter. &gt;&gt; Well, listen, Royson, you only get one professional debut. What What do you think's going through Hassan's mind at the moment? He just can't wait to get in there now and show what show everything what he's been working on in the gym, what what's he been doing in sparring and he just wants to showcase all his talent for everyone out in the world and make sure he puts on a great performance. Well, he looks in shape from everything I can see. Actually saw him in the in the hotel gym last night with his trainer and manager H. Plenty of fanfare around him. Every time I see H, he says, "Dev, I've got one. I've got one. This is the kid. He's going to come to Frank. You wait and see." Well, let's wait and see tomorrow evening. This is the first face off in the professional career of Hassan Ishach. Bit of a height advantage there, Royston. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Um, but sometimes that that's a trickier thing, but hope hopefully that he um, as you've been saying, he's got one. Hopefully he comes out &gt;&gt; once again. These two competing tomorrow in a scheduled four round banttom weight contest. &gt;&gt; They're making plenty of noise around him in slow when he turned over as a professional. There was a kind of launch event where he had Hamza Sharz there, Adam Azim. He was getting messages from Anthony Joshua. Plenty of fanfare, plenty of hype. Let's see if he delivers tomorrow night. Our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled 10 round contest. It is a eliminator for the British Championship and also will be for the Midlands Area Super Welterweight Championship. We will first welcome to the scale the challenger from Northampton, England. A stellar amateur now undefeated as a professional with 10 wins. Three of his 10 wins coming by way of knockout. Let's welcome Carl the chosen one fail. &gt;&gt; Well, this is the step up that the chosen one Carl Fail has been crying out for. Big opportunity for him tomorrow evening. 53.9 for the challenger Carl the chosen one Phil. Now we will welcome to the scale the defending champion from Coventry West Midlands England. He is undefeated with nine wins. Six of his nine wins come by way of knockout. Let's welcome the reigning and defending Midlands Area Champion, Amir, the Kurdish Knockout King, Abu Baker. Well, here is the Kurdish Knockout King. Unbeaten so far in his career and carries plenty of pop. Has already taken the unbeaten records of two fighters in his last two fights by stoppage. &gt;&gt; I think he &gt;&gt; 153.6 six for the defending champion, Amir, the Kurdish knockout king, Abu Baker. &gt;&gt; I think for sure he's uh if that is the case, he's he stopped the last two undefeated fighters, then he he's his nickname does hold some weight there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the Kurdish knockout king. Well, this is unbeaten versus unbeaten. Midlands area title on the line and a British title eliminator as Carl Fail is on the stage smirking no doubt excited to be back in the ring. It's been a a bit of a hiatus. He's had a few issues he's had to resolve but one half of the fail twins is back. Done so much as an amateur twotime European silver medalist. You must have heard the name on the rounds. Royston &gt;&gt; definitely uh GB athlete, G GB podium boxer. He he has got the pedigree there behind him and I think this will match up to be a good fight for an eliminator for the British title. &gt;&gt; He's got the pedigree. He's got that amateur now. But has he got what it takes to stand up to the power of the Kurdish knockout? &gt;&gt; Once again, ladies and gentlemen, these two competing tomorrow in a 10 round contest. It is a eliminator for the British title and it will be for the Midlands Area Super Welterweight Championship. cracking fight that is tomorrow evening live on the zone. &gt;&gt; Our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround super flyweight contest. Let's first welcome to the scale coming to us from Dar Salam Tanzania. His professional record consists of 16 wins, nine defeats, three draws, seven of his 16 wins. Coming by way of knockout, here is Charles Tando. &gt;&gt; Well, he's a 26-year-old southpaw from Tanzania. You may even remember him from a fight with Dennis McCann a few years back for the WBO youth title. He's a tough tough man. 116.5 for Charles Tongo. [Music] And now we will welcome to the scale from London, England. His professional record 10 wins, just one defeat. Three of his 10 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is Tony Lightning Curtis Jr. &gt;&gt; Well, what a moment this is for Tony Curtis Jr. As you can see, they're flanked by Roy Jones Jr. UK debut tomorrow evening. &gt;&gt; 114.8 for Tony Lightning Curtis Jr. I'll tell you Royston, there's not many 19 year olds that have already had 11 fights. He turned pro at 16, went to Mexico for his debut. He's boxed all over the world. It's it's some story. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Um, for being only 19 12 fights, that that is a fair statement already. And al and also sell them sunglasses. But I do think um it'll be a good fight. It'll be a good learning curve for him boxing on English soil finally. And um he'll definitely hopefully show his class. Once again, these two competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround super flyweight contest. Well, the plan with Tony Curtis Jr., he was he spoke very well at the press conference, as did Roy Jones, talking about how he wants to become a multi-weight world champion. He's already boxed all over the world. Let's see how he gets on in the UK tomorrow evening live on Zone. And ladies and gentlemen, we would like to recognize joining us here today, one of the greatest fighters in history, legendary Hall of Famer Roy Jones Jr. &gt;&gt; Great ovation here for Roy Jones Jr. rightly so. You've got to recognize the greatness in the room. Royson, I thought you were going to get up for a minute there when he started saying that. &gt;&gt; I I I wish to to be like like him one day. He's a great fighter, a multi-weight world champion, uh, one of the legends in the sport, and I would love to strive to be the same way he is. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Great to have Roy Jones here. &gt;&gt; Our next two fighters competing tomorrow in our co- main event. It is scheduled for 10 rounds. It will be for the vacant WBC International Cruiserweight Championship. Let's first welcome to the scale from Brmley, Kent, England. His professional record, 18 wins, just two defeats, seven wins. Coming by way of knockout, he is a former Ring Magazine challenger and former WBO European Cruiserweight Champion. Here is Ellis Zoro. &gt;&gt; Well, this is a super intriguing cruiserweight crossroads fight. The return of Ellis Zoro against Alaw. &gt;&gt; 198.6 for Ellis Zoro. Now to the scale from London, England. His professional record, 10 wins, just one defeat. Nine of his 10 wins coming by way of knockout. He is the current Commonwealth and WBA Continental Cruiserweight Champion. Here is Alloys the Animal Junior. &gt;&gt; Well, he is one of the fastest rising prospects in world boxing right now. Has everything about him. Has the punch, has the look, and he knows it. Let's see if he's made weight. &gt;&gt; Come on. Don't ever say that again. &gt;&gt; 99. 199.3 for Alloys the Animal Junior. &gt;&gt; I love that. We questioned, "Has he made the weight?" He shouted out to me, "Come on, Dev. Never say that again." And then called out his weight. That is, that is a bit of star power. You know, you know, Lois Jr., you train with him. &gt;&gt; I know him very well. Um, he took this fight with open hands. He uh he took my my slot on this. Um, they said straight away, "Do you want to fight Elazor?" He said, "Yes, not not a problem. can get me in there and he's raring to go and as you can see on the scales he's he's come here he's prepared for this fight properly and um I can't wait to watch it unfold and this one is just bubbling up a little bit. It was a kind of feisty uh press conference between the pair yesterday. Ellis sorry didn't really want to get drawn in but Alloys made a couple of comments there that just got his attention and I wonder if security will be needed here. It might boil over but Ellis is a pretty cool guy. He uh he he does do that in the gym as well while you're sparring, he will get underneath your skin. But if you can back up the same way he's can, I don't think you have a problem with it. Well, he is talking to him. He is an antagonist, the animal alloys Jr., but this is a step up in level for him. Ellis has boxed against Joaya, but also notably done plenty of rounds with Chev Clark where it didn't go his way that night. But he's &gt;&gt; once again ladies and gentlemen, this the co- main event tomorrow. 10 rounds scheduled for the vacant WBC International Cruiserweight Championship. &gt;&gt; Such a good fight this one. Royce, this is a just a stunning co-main event tomorrow evening. And all from everything you've seen in the gym, I mean, he looks ready up there. What can you tell us? &gt;&gt; I can say he's he's round and go. That's probably one of the best best mindsets I've ever seen him in. He uh he's he's been flying lately. He's been put on some devastating performances and I think he's going to roll through on Saturday night and show the same things. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, our main event tomorrow, scheduled 12 rounds, and it will be for the EBU European, the WBC International, the British and Commonwealth Super Featherweight Championships, brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry and association with Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing. Let's first welcome to the scale. Coming to us from South Oxy, Watford, England. His professional record, 20 wins, five defeats, 15 of his 20 wins coming by way of knockout tomorrow. He is the reigning and defending British and Commonwealth super featherweight champion Reese the Bomber Belotti. Well, here is Reese Bomber Belotti. He is the British and Commonwealth Champion. Got dynamite in his fists. Really carries some punch power and is on quite the streak. Six wins in a row including unbeaten fighters. Royston, this is this is a proper fight. This &gt;&gt; this is a mega fight. This is for all all the marbles in British boxing. So, uh, whoever comes out on top is the champion. Let's see. They're just having a look. The watch has come off. Needs to make 130 lb. 129.6 for Reese the Bomber Pali. &gt;&gt; No problem at all. Once the watch came off, he he was fine in some way. &gt;&gt; Now we welcome to the scale from Southampton, England, undefeated with 17 wins, eight of his 17 wins coming by way of knockout. Tomorrow he will be the reigning and defending EBU European and WBC International Super Featherweight Champion. Here is Ryan the Piranha Garner. &gt;&gt; Well, tremendous ovation here for Ryan Garner. The Piranha has started to really garner some attention in British boxing. &gt;&gt; 129.5 for Ryan the Piranha Garner. &gt;&gt; So, both fighters make weight. Royston, we have a fight tomorrow night. We have a massive fight tomorrow, tomorrow night for British boxing because this is for everything. This is for the British Commonwealth European. &gt;&gt; Look at the belts. Look at the belts. I'm hoping that you will be able to see the belts very shortly and they're actually in the in the hands of the Saints legend James Bey who has joined us on stage. Hopefully we'll grab a chat with him shortly afterwards. But uh of course Ryan Garner's dream is to fight at St. Mary's. He is Southampton crazy. He's been doing press conferences there. He's been getting on the pitch with his opponents. One day he wants to fight there. Hence James Bey being around as well. But Reese Bomber Balotti standing in his way tomorrow evening. Royston, this this could be a firefight stylistically. This has to gel. &gt;&gt; Definitely for sure. They've had a lot of fights. There's a lot of stoppages between them. They're more than 50/50 stoppages on paper. This is going to be an absolute cracker of a fight. The buildup has been pretty friendly. They're both very nice guys, family men. &gt;&gt; Once again, ladies and gentlemen, this the main event tomorrow. 12 rounds scheduled for the EBU European, WBC International, British, and Commonwealth Super Fatherweight Championships.