Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for six rounds in the super lightweight division brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors Readout Season that prize Guy Global Next Trade 32 Red and Puny Bet. When the bell rings, our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Kevin McIntyre. Introducing to you first, fighting out of the red corner, he comes in the ring white red and weighed in officially at 141.1 lb. Coming to us from Celestia, Poland. He is a veteran of 44 professional bouts. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, PLEASE welcome Jacob Lasovski and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He comes in the ring wearing gray trunks and weighed in officially at 141.3 lbs. Hailing from Bold House, Scotland, he had a stellar amateur career. Now is a professional is undefeated with one victory. That one victory comes by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Reese W. [Applause] Right lads. What a good elite contest. Obe, defend ourselves at all time. Touch. Let's go down. Well, here we go. Fight number two for the Commonwealth gold medalist from Scotland, Reese Lynch, who boxes out of that Southpaw stance with those gray and purple shorts against Poland's Jacob Laskovski. &gt;&gt; Lynch looking nice and relaxed as he just kind of tries to hold the center of that ring, circling around. And last time out in his debut, a beautiful body shot dropped his opponent and it was the dream start to his pro career &gt;&gt; and he's going to be a good one to watch Josh. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I've done a bit around sparring before my last fight and stuff as he was turning pro just to help him show the ropes. How is what's the differences between the pro and the amateurs? Just little nuances like working inside like that there. Then the little bits of the dirty little moves that you can use can get away with in the pro game that you can't in the amateur game. Amateur game is like very clean cut boxing. No, there's no contact allowed re really in the amateur game. But in pros, you can get away with using like say your shoulder and stepping on feet and to move and get out the way and stuff and little little things to to put little tricks to pin your opponent against the ropes with using your weight and stuff like that. So yeah, he's but he's learning quick. He's developing nice and um I think he's going to go far in the game. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I caught up with him on the leadup to his debut actually and he said about the rounds that he'd done with you and how much he'd learned and be good to see how he puts some of that stuff into practice. &gt;&gt; He looks confident, Zach, doesn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see he's very well schooled. You know, he's calm and composed. &gt;&gt; He's quality. You know, the shots are sharp. The footwork's good, his range. You can see he's a very well school fighter and you've got to be to do what he's done at the Comwalth Games. You know, he's got a gold medal and no, we don't get them by a given. You know, you've got to go there and you've got to earn that. &gt;&gt; Good body shots. &gt;&gt; Really good work to the body there from Reese Lynch who's just starting to up the tempo and put his foot on the &gt;&gt; gas a bit here and he smells blood and he could get his man out of it. for Jacob Lcowski just trying to kind of get in and neutralize that attack from Lynch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's just trying to smother the work of Lynch there, but he's got good feet in a boxing brain. You know, we got himself room. But Lowski's he's a very tough man. I've seen him on the circuit a couple of times now and he doesn't get stopped much. &gt;&gt; He's gone the distance with the likes of Thomas Vy, Steven Ken, Huie Malone, and plenty of others. He knows how to get the rounds in and how to get him through get himself through each round. &gt;&gt; And it's opponents like this at this stage of care that you want something that's going to not lay over and it's going to come to give their good shot, test you a little bit here and there and make make you think what you're doing and throw good shots back as well. So yeah, it's it's definitely a good test for him. &gt;&gt; Little things like that there. jumped in and the opponent threw the the big right hand over the top. &gt;&gt; Good uh good round there for Reese Lynch. He's trained by his brother Peter who also looks after the likes of Marcus Southerntherland and Big Davy Jameson who was on the undercard of your last fight Josh. So he's a he's in a good gym. He's got good relationship with his coach obviously with it being his brother and it's going to be interesting just to see how that journey goes. He actually tried his hand in football, but he said he was awful. So, so, so boxing was the sport for him. You can't beat a bit of honesty, Zach. I know you're an honest man. No, you can't beat a bit of honesty there. But I think football might have been the easier option, but if if you're no good at it, then you just stick to the boxing, don't you? And you'll see how you go in there. But no, that was a cracking opening round there. And like you say, he's in the gym, the gym booming, you know, with a couple of lads on the card tonight. And yeah, he's going to want to impress. Not for himself, but for a bit of banter in the gym with the lads. You can't beat it. You know, me and the finest boys, we're always oursel, but no good first round for Reese there. &gt;&gt; There's a bit of a football theme tonight. Glacin, who fights later on on the main card. He was a promising left back. And I'm sure there's another footballer on this on this card. &gt;&gt; Didn't you do a bit of football, Zach? &gt;&gt; No, I was more of a cross countryman than I were. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; Of course you were. Vascowski throws that right hand over the top but just misses Lynch. &gt;&gt; Nice work with the feet there from Lynch and then just follows it up with a body shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's not just letting him miss and not reacting to it. He's getting some off that which is good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he seems to have set it down especially since the last time I spoke about we were doing a little bit sparing to the girl. He's not he's kind of let go of that amateur style now. We're moving around the ring and every shot's quick and fast. He looks like he's settled down a little bit more. He's more he's holding his feet. He's varying up his power of the shots and stuff as well. So, yeah, he's he's developed a lot since the last time I saw him, which is good. Good signs. [Applause] Good hand speed as well. Lynch puts the shots together nicely. &gt;&gt; Cutting that ring off well as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he is. And like we said before with the Puerto Rican lad, you can see the amateur pedigree. He's aware of what's coming back. &gt;&gt; Nice shot there off that slip as well. &gt;&gt; He's really working that body is Lynch. You think he's trying to slow his man down, &gt;&gt; get him to hold his feet? &gt;&gt; I think he's just throwing shots where he sees the little openings, you know? Um cuz he's quite awkward. This opponent is he's quite awkward to try and land good clean shots on. He's he's he looks like he's quite got wide open, but he's kind of covering all bases with his guard. So, it's quite it's quite an awkward stance, but they're saying that he's just landed a straight left hand. Nice. Yeah, I think Reese is just reacting to what's there, &gt;&gt; which is good. It's showing that he's switched on, I suppose. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's awkward this opponent. He's sort of like switching between &gt;&gt; Southpar and Orthodox, but like I don't know. He's sort of like disguising it in a way. You don't really know he's done it. &gt;&gt; He kind of Lcowski, he kind of soaks up the shots, makes it difficult. switches a stance like you have observed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then he comes with his own little mini attack and then goes back to doing that again, doesn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's an awkward fell and &gt;&gt; I suppose you've just got to react to what he's doing at that time. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He don't mind winging a couple over the top either. So Reese has got to stay switched on. &gt;&gt; Got to stay switched on here. &gt;&gt; Well, another Scottish boxer in the ring tonight and there's obviously plenty more to come. Josh, obviously a question for you, but &gt;&gt; it's in a great place, isn't it? Boxing in Scotland. Really good place. &gt;&gt; Yeah, boxing's in a great uh space recently. You know, there's a lot of talent coming through and and and having been up here this weekend. It's great that for once the Scottish lads are getting first dibs on the show, you know, because we don't get off an awful lot up here, you know, every other show is in down in England or in Wales and it's nine times out of 10 it's down there. No, we only get the shows up here when there's someone like Nios or myself or someone that's fighting for titles that the shows come up here. So that's when the lads up here and girls come up here and that's when they can get the chance to showcase their skills which is great. So it's great that Nathaniel's doing that now and leading the way for the Scottish talent to come through. So it gives them the chance to showcase on stages like this. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I know Frank Warren and the whole Queensbury team are keen to keep boxing or putting on events in Scotland. The fighters are definitely there. The crowds are there. It's always a great atmosphere. So long may it continue. &gt;&gt; Not a good shot. That was a nice shot to the body there and you just &gt;&gt; heard a grunt from Lovski. That one hurt him a touch. He squared up from um Orthodox to Salpar and he got him on the in between which was a lovely shot. which goes back to what you guys are just saying is he's throwing what he can see, isn't he? Where those gaps are. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's aware. He's reacting in he to what he can get. And with an opponent like this, I think you've just got to what you can when you can. &gt;&gt; He's awkward. He's tricky. So if the shots there &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's a very awkward opponent. He knows his way around the ring. He knows how to cover up and how to spoil and how to hold like what he's doing here and and make it awkward for Ree here to get his clean work off. But Reese is doing a good job here. He he keeping calm and not getting annoyed and just working when he can get the chance to when he gets a little bit of space. So yeah, he's doing a good job here. &gt;&gt; He's keeping his distance as well which is enabling him to get his shots off and like you said before Josh, you know the tricks of the pro trade using your forearm a little bit and bumping him off. He's he's keeping him off a little bit and been able to get a little bit of room for the shot which is good. &gt;&gt; How do you prepare for a fighter like Jake and Luskovski? It's not easy, is it? Because the people you're in the boxing gym with, you know, are tidy boxers who have been taught in a particular way, aren't they? How like how do you how do you prepare for a man like that? Or you or can't you? &gt;&gt; Well, I'm not sure how long he's known he's going to be boxing uh this guy. So, again, it's maybe down to race to then maybe go to other gyms, go down to South and just try and just box anyone that's around his weight and and you'll find different kinds of styles and um ways of fighting coming at you. So, it's it's down to kind of you just to walk walk and travel around the country and and find different styles of sparring and just get any you can really anyone that's round about your size and weight roughly and uh just sparrow anyone and you you see all these different styles and you end up developing then. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I heard you say something of a similar fashion to Nathaniel Collins about kind of getting out there and traveling and the good it does you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm and the reason I'm saying that is just through is through my my own experience. You know, I was in Scotland a lot of the time, but when I turned pro, I decided to get out of Scotland and moved down to London and go to America and do this for sparring, go over different places to sparring. But in London alone, the numbers are so vast that the boxers are there. They come to the gym and you're boxing and setting sparring with guys that you've never seen before. And you get that there because the numbers are so many, you see so that many different types of styles of boxing. So it helps you develop your the array of ranges and styles that you see. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's good advice. Very good advice. I'm going to make you coach Zach. What are you saying to Reese Lynch in that corner? &gt;&gt; I'd just like to see more of the same. You know, he's boxing well. He's he's reacting to what he's seen as we've said, but yeah, the opponent here is all good. you know, he's not showing too many openings, but the body shots seem to be the telling shot in the fight. You know, he's finding the gaps on his landing clean and yeah, just say throw a couple more body shots. Get get them going down. Work a little bit more off the jab maybe as well. See what you get off that. &gt;&gt; Nvski is very good at kind of just tying you up and stopping you from working. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you stop him from doing that? &gt;&gt; It's quite hard to sort of see because &gt;&gt; it's just not rushes work. He seems to be rushing a little bit when he gets in close. He's too He's quick to get these little shots off. Maybe just slow it down a little bit more, but and put more meaty punches in and see the shots over the top. Faint it one way and go the other way and but slow it down a little bit. Invaded the power up. &gt;&gt; Let's see if he can put some of that into action. Nice little movements on that back foot from Lynch as he just keeps busy with that right hand of his and he caught him with a lead hook as Moskovski made his way in. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just the half step back caught him off there and enabled him to get that shot off. Yeah, the little steps back are good. They're keeping that range. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's doing good. He's doing good with that front foot stepping. Keeping that little step in. That's That's good work. Lovski trying to get his left foot on the outside of that southpaw stance, but Lynch is having none of it. &gt;&gt; Lynch has got very good footwork. You know, he's a good judgment of range as well. &gt;&gt; He's got good hand defenses here as well, Reese Lynch. you know, he's he's he's keeping his hands tight, but he's also tucking his body his elbows in and moving his elbows down to block the body shots and and doing little sort of smothering movements as well, so that his opponent can't get his punches off when they're close. So, yeah, he's I've seen I've seen improvements here from the last time I seen Reese Lynch, which is good. &gt;&gt; He's develop He's developing into a little pro professional now. You know, he's not he's settled down from that amateur movement, moving around all the time. He's settled down. He's holding his feet. He's a little bit more solid in his stance and stuff. So, yeah, I've seen big improvements for the last time I saw him. &gt;&gt; You can see Lynch's just trying to get off there. That's a bit of a trick in his own, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Using the shoulder to try and shove him off, which is good. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Was that one you taught him? Uh, &gt;&gt; I don't know. undertaking any credit for it, that's for sure. He's &gt;&gt; I would I'd have it all. &gt;&gt; He's He's working. He's working well. He's developed well. So, that's full credit to him &gt;&gt; and his team. No, &gt;&gt; good little shot there off the slip. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Laski is trying to make it a little bit scruffy now. You know, he's leaning in, &gt;&gt; trying to get a grab here and there, working a shot. &gt;&gt; What I like about the way that Lynch does some of those things is the way that kind of he changed the angle there before he threw the body shot. He he he makes it look easy and it's not easy. &gt;&gt; No, it's not. It's hard, especially, you know, when you're under pressure under the big bright lights. But no, he's move lovely shot there. He's moving off to the angle. If he can get that shot off that, that would be great. He's enjoying himself. &gt;&gt; He is absolutely enjoying himself. &gt;&gt; Turn the head then away from the shot. It's good work. Another good round, but a very good main event later on when this man's in action. &gt;&gt; I was like, what's going to happen to my boxing? Like, what's going to happen? He's like, I don't care about your boxing. You shouldn't care about your boxing either. Now, like, your B's going to explode. &gt;&gt; You cannot convince somebody their life's worth living if they don't believe it. It was just a lot of emotion for me because from possibly another boxing that style of one it's just undeniable like I've got this thing where I won't be denied. So it's like &gt;&gt; you did call out Nick B after that last fight. &gt;&gt; I just think I would be able to outbox him and also keep the pace behind the grind. &gt;&gt; Start grind. &gt;&gt; Well, Nathaniel Collins is the headliner tonight. What a moment for him. A former opponent of yours, Zach. And you've been doing a bit of sparring with him as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we have with um after we've boxed his sparred on a numerous occasions. You know, we've come down for the Lee McGregor fight. Done a bit of sparring for that. Done a bit of sparring in the past couple of weeks in preparation for this one. And yeah, he's looking sharp. He's looking well in the gym. He looked excellent on the scales and I think he'll go in there and do a good job tonight. &gt;&gt; Let's hope he does. Jacob Laskovski just came out and uh had that quick realization which he didn't have his mouth guard in &gt;&gt; and the action continues &gt;&gt; Lynch making Lovski miss just by the tiniest of margins, isn't he? Almost every time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's very clever. It's showing that he's very switched on as well. Them little steps back with the footwork. He's good. &gt;&gt; He's making him able to throw because he thinks he's in range, but he's not. He's just took a little half of a step out, which is good. &gt;&gt; But I feel like the fights switched a little bit for me. Reese Lynch is, you know, comfortably winning this. But before it was Lynch on the kind of front foot chasing Lovski around the ring, but now I've seen a bit more. Look, look, Lovski's on his way to him, isn't he? He's trying to kind of make those attacks. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's just he's just settling in now. He's not looking to go. So, it looked like he was maybe going to try and push the stoppage the first couple of rounds. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, he's kind of settled in now. He's settled his feet and now he's now he's into his groove and boxing his doing his thing, boxing his game. He's he's not trying to rush and and get that excitable uh first couple of round wins. &gt;&gt; That was good head movement there. Was holding his feet moving and changing and changing the shape and the angles. That was that was nice. Yeah, he's come here. He's throwing back though. This Loski, you know, he's he's trying to push the fight himself, but Reese is just he's comfortable. You know, he can see the shots coming. He knows what he wants to do, and you don't know what the corner is telling him if we're working on the stuff what they've worked on in the gym and putting it into practice on fight night, which is what you should be doing at this stage in your career. &gt;&gt; We were speaking earlier on when the Puerto Rican fighter was in action, and I asked a question about kind of, you know, what do you learn against a Mexican fighter like Vera? And Josh, you said, you know, you won't learn bundles, but in this case, &gt;&gt; Reese Lynch should be learning loads from a fight like this because he's such a difficult customer, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. It's difficult. And he's he's changing his stance and then he's throwing ones over the top when you don't expect it. He's looking at the floor and he's winging them over the top. And Reese is having to be switched on and be kept so he doesn't get caught with them shots over the top cuz they're dangerous shots to get caught with. So although he's so much better than his opponent, but the opponent has been kind of crude and like kind of yeah crude on the inside and just thrown ungamely shots. So he'll be learning a lot here. You know, he's he's already sort of started varying up the power and speed of his shots, which is good. So to save some of his energy and settling down before he starts making more meaningful punches. Another very good round for Reese Lynch and high praise from Josh Taylor and Zack Miller. Zack, earlier on we were speaking about Reese Lynch being trained by his brother and having a great gym. I know you love the gym that you train in and kind of I guess the question is is how important is that? &gt;&gt; I think it's massively important. You know, as they say, an active fighter is a dangerous fighter. That's what they say and it is. You know, if you're happy in the gym, you're happy with your coach and the boys in the gym and you are having a laugh, but you're getting the hard work done and I think it makes it that little bit easier. You know, you're in camp. Sometimes you're in camp together, but if you're not in camp, the lads are in the gym. They're still pushing you through it. And as you said with Reese, lads are on the show with him. They've gone through camp together and they're here tonight to perform together, which is great. And like I say, I I I couldn't imagine being in a gym without the boys that I'm with now. you know, Jack Rafett, Liam Taylor, Tom Rafetty, it's great and the atmosphere helps you through the camps. &gt;&gt; It's important stuff and plenty more to come as you would have just seen on your screens. I'm also really looking forward to seeing the Hutch train back in action. You saw him in the fight hotel earlier on, Woody Hutchinson. He is a character and a half, isn't he? What a great great bloke. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a great character. He's funny, man. He comes out with some crackers. Comes out with some great lines. He's a He's a funny guy, that's for sure. No, he is. And that's a fantastic fight later on in the card, you know, with him and Mark Jeffers. &gt;&gt; It is. It's kind of gone under the radar a little bit. &gt;&gt; That's massively. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Fair play to Jeffers as well, you know, coming up a weight division. Didn't have a great performance the last time out. And that's a that's a tough fight. I think that would be a I think that'd be a really really solid one. But here we are in the fifth zth round of this one, the final round. Rhys Lynch not necessarily put a foot wrong and a tricky customer if you've just switched on, but he's done plenty well. He said he wanted to impress tonight. He said he wanted to make a statement. He certainly made a statement in his professional debut. &gt;&gt; And there won't be anyone who's shaking a head because he didn't get Jacob Laskovski out of it if he doesn't because he's a Lovely shot. &gt;&gt; He's done plenty right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has. He's shown his skills, &gt;&gt; but he should just slow them short down. He's rushing his work there a little bit there. He had him he had them pinned on the romps and he he rushed his work and got a little bit too close like he's got them big long levers. Maybe use a little bit mid-range stuff and then whipping the body shots or whip the hooks around the side at the mid-range, but have he will still have that leverage on his shots because he's he's so long as well. So yeah, just rushing a little bit there at times, but it has been a good it has been a good performance for him and he'll be happy with this performance for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. He's not much punishment either. He's got the six round under his belt and he's done it at a good pace. You know, the opponent's pushed him back at times. He's tried different things and lovely body shot underneath. He's boxed well tonight. Lynch has maintained a tempo for every single one of these rounds and he's always worked. He's continued to work even when Lascowski's just tried to wrap him up. He's just tried to get him off of there so he can get his hands going again. And that is that's important not just just for him the the the scoring referee, but it will make him an exciting fighter because he certainly ain't going to be one of those ones who wants to just kind of &gt;&gt; settle through each round, is he? He's going to be one of those ones who wants to let his hands go and put on a show. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, he's trying it here tonight, which is which has been good. Yeah, a couple of nice angles that look good and he made it look easy. &gt;&gt; He's done a great job. Just rest on him, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Get in, he said. &gt;&gt; And it's hard to look good against people like that, but they're just coming to try and kind of half survive and spoil and just get through the fight, you know? Like they know he's not going to win it, but he doesn't want to get stopped. So, he's looking just to survive and spoil and hold and sort of be awkward. And that's what he did. It's hard to look good against someone that's just in there trying to do that. So, he done a good job there and he was very patient there. &gt;&gt; He did. And if that's the first time you've seen Jacob Lascowski, Zach said it on this ring walk that you've seen him a few times in that away corner and he's a seriously tricky and tough customer. So, looking good against him and and there were plenty of moments where Reese Lynch looked good in that. He needs a lot of credit for it. A lot of credit for it. But Thomas Driver is posed and ready with the scorecard in his hand. &gt;&gt; So, we'll head over to him now. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of boxing, our referee in charge, Kevin McIntyre, scores the contest 60- 54 for your winner, Reese Liz. [Applause]