Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the final press conference for the next King of Scotland. A great night of championship boxing to be held this Saturday at the Brayhead Arena in Glasgow, Scotland. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, that prize guy, Global Next Trade, 32 Red, and Uni Bet. A big thanks to those great sponsors. It will be broadcasted live worldwide on Done and tickets can be purchased through ticketmaster.co.uk. UK. Let's now welcome the press conference participants from Edinburgh, Scotland. Alex Arthur Jr. from Shots, Scotland. Marcus Sutherland [Applause] from Carile, England. John Joe, Star Boy Carrian from Charlie, England. Mark Jeffers from Carstair, Scotland. Willie the Hutch Train Hutchinson from Holstead, England. Louie Odori from Glasgow, Scotland. Rean the Short Glacken from Dundee, Scotland. Paul Keane from Glasgow, Scotland. Aston Brown from Barcelona, Catalunia, Spain. Gristobal Lorente from Glasgow, Scotland. Nathaniel the Nightmare College. And now we hand things over to your host, Mr. Deb Sonni. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you very much, Thomas Triber. Great to see you as always. Well, ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Welcome to Glasgow and welcome to a new era for Scottish boxing. After the recent retirement of the former undisputed champion Josh Taylor, the quest now begins to find the next king of Scotland. On Saturday night, a number of elite talents from this country will all be in action, all stating their case, all making their claim as to why they can be the one to carry the torch and bear the flag. The man perhaps leading the way right now will be involved in your main event. He is unbeaten in 17 fights. He's a former British and Commonwealth champion, and on Saturday night, he challenges to become the European champion. is the featherweight sensation Nathaniel the Nightmare Collins and he takes on Spain's unbeaten featherweight sensation European champion Chrisal Lorente. Now the fight also serves as a final eliminator for the WBC world title. So high stakes indeed. This one really means a lot. We'll be at the Brayhead Arena. And just a word on the Brayhead Arena because I'm aware that it holds a very special place in the heart of Scottish boxing fans. It was the same arena where in 2002, Scott Harrison became world champion for that very first time. Fast forward one year in 2003, two Scottish boxing legends, both unbeaten at the time, duked it out for the British title. Those men were, of course, the late great Willie Lemon and Alex Arthur. And it's only fitting, and it's only right that two of their sons will be involved on Saturday night. Alex Arthur Jr. will be in action, as will Drew Lemon. Fast forward along even further, you've got the Ricky Burns era, the brilliant era, where he had a number of world title fights at the Brayhead Arena. And then cast your minds back just a little bit to 2017, a bad blood, illtempered affair between Josh Taylor and Aara Davis, where Josh Taylor stopped him and really announced himself as a new star on the world stage. Well, now it's the turn of the new crop, and it's spearheaded by Nathaniel Collins. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be live around the world on the global home of Boxing Done. This is the next King of Scotland. Let's start off with Alex Arthur Jr. down there. And uh Alex, I mentioned how your father boxed there in a in a great fight against the late great Willie Lemon. He boxed there many times. And now it's your turn. How are you feeling about this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm really excited. Uh the Brhead Arena's probably the next best thing next to the Hydromeone. Got my debut done in the hydro. Now to be on the show in the Brighthead Arena is very special. &gt;&gt; Am I right to say that your dad is actually going to be in the corner this time? He wasn't in the corner for the first time. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank god &gt;&gt; he is. H I think he's here kicking about somewhere now as well. We were a bit late today. So I do apologize to everybody that's we've held up, but yeah, he's going to be in my corner this time round and hopefully from every fight on. &gt;&gt; So what does that mean? The fact that he's going to be in there and he wasn't in there last time. What will that add? Are you are you going to be more looking to impress him? Like what what does what does that do for you? &gt;&gt; Um I mean I'm the only one in there fighting so he can only do his best out there giving me advice and I can only do my best listen. &gt;&gt; That debut was it was a good one. Were you happy with it all and what have you gone away and worked on? &gt;&gt; Um not much different to be honest with you. uh come into every fight the best shape that I possibly can, fit, healthy, and focused on the task at hand. And I'll be looking to do the same thing on again on Saturday night. &gt;&gt; I've got one more for you. &gt;&gt; Tell us all here. How are you different to your dad and how are you the same? &gt;&gt; Apart from the physical looking differences then I say our mindsets are very similar. Uh but I don't Well, I guess that's yet to unfold, isn't it? You think my personality will start to grow and unfold over time and then later on in my career, you can compare us to each other if you want. &gt;&gt; I'm sure we will. I'm sure we all will. We look forward to your second fight on Saturday. Let's hear it for Alex Arthur Jr. in action. &gt;&gt; Fight number two. Okay. Well, it's fight number one for for the next man who uh who's been talked about as perhaps the best prospect in world boxing right now. Everything he's done as an amateur has been absolutely unbelievable. I'm I'm talking about John Joe Carrian, world amateur champion in the youth, ninetime national amateur champion, turned over with a lot of fanfare. It is time for that pro debut on Saturday night. And uh John Joe, what what are the feelings? 48 hours to go. Are you excited? Are you nervous? Are you all of the above? How are you feeling? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'd say I'm all above to be fair. Wouldn't say much so much nervous. I'm excited to get in the ring and show everyone what I'm about. How are you going to adapt to the pros when you think about this? The gloves are going to be smaller, the rounds are going to be longer. How do you feel you're going to adapt? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's perfect. To be honest, I've obviously been sping some very high weight pros anyways with like 14 oz gloves and I've been hurting them. So, them 10 oz gloves on. Anything can happen, can it? &gt;&gt; Are you looking forward to punching in those smaller gloves? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Yeah. Can't wait to knock someone out with them. &gt;&gt; Is that what we're expecting on Saturday night, John? &gt;&gt; Of course it is. Listen, tell me this. I mean, what you're with Shelley Finkel as well, so you're you're managed by a Hall of Famer in Shelley Finkel. You're promoted by a Hall of Famer in Frank Warren. What sort of advice have you been getting ahead of your debut? They've dealt with so many great fighters over the years. It's fair. Just been told everything step one step by step and get there. You know what I mean? No point rushing things. Obviously, as you say, my pro debut has been pushed back a bit now. You know what I mean? I'm on Saturday night, I'm getting there and get over and done with. A lot of people have a lot of high hopes for you that you're going to go to the very very top of this sport. What do you feel makes you different to any other prospect coming through? John Joe, &gt;&gt; to be fair, I can name a million one things why I'm different this that and another. But on Saturday night, we'll see and I'll show you why I'm different than all others. &gt;&gt; I love that. Okay, we look forward to it. Best of luck to you, John Joe Carrian. Really keep your eyes on this one. This this lad from everything I'm hearing is going to the very top of the sport. Okay, let's move to a young man who uh with a stunning knockout win back in May. Marcus Suddland, I'm looking at you. I mean, uh you got all these comparisons to Nick B because you were taking on someone so much taller and the way you just went about your business, set about him, knocked the guy down multiple times. People are very, very impressed. So impressed that Frank Warren signed you up. This is your first fight as a Queensbury fighter. Tell us what you're thinking. Yeah, it's just down to me to show that they've made the right decision in signing me. Um, put on another performance and build on from that one. &gt;&gt; You've had like various opponent changes as well. I think it only come through last night. You're fighting Kareem Ass. Um, how have you dealt with that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, listen, it's just another fight to me. Um, I just get told the name and we accepted it. Um, I'm looking forward. It's going to be a good fight. It's a harder fight. more credit when I win this fight, you know, so it's going to be good. &gt;&gt; I understand you ordered bundles and bundles of tickets as well. I trust they've all been sold. You expecting a big turnout for yourself on Saturday? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, there's a lot of support. Loads of tickets have been sold. Um, I'm fighting an undefeated fighter who's coming to win. He's coming to take my contract off me and it's not happening. So, I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; In your last four fights, three of them have gone in the first round. Do you go looking for the knockout or does it just come? &gt;&gt; Nah, I'll stick to boxing and if it comes, it comes and it can come. So, be ready. Expect it. &gt;&gt; Do you think it will come on Saturday? &gt;&gt; It could do. We're not going to look for it, but it might. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. We look forward to And Kerry Majis isn't here today, but I'm sure he'll be I mean, he should be here tomorrow. He'll be weighing it, but if he is watching this, do you have a message for him? &gt;&gt; Be ready. Be a good fight. Looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; A lovely message. We'll see that one. We'll see it on Saturday night. Thank you. Marcus Sutherland in action on Saturday. Look out for him. Faconewealth silver youth super bantamweight title on the line. Okay, let's move to a cracker in the middleweight division. Celtic middleweight title on the line. Glasgow versus Dundee. Aston Brown against Paul Keane. And I'm going to start with Paul Keane here because I I watched all of Aston's interviews after that initial launch press conference and there were two words that he kept saying to everyone. Those two words were demolition job. Did you hear those words? What are you thinking heading into this fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I heard them. Uh like you said, um I don't really take any notice of that, but uh I hope he does think it's going to be that easy cuz obviously I'll be surprised come Saturday night cuz this is the best camp I've had in a long time and I'm fully ready for whatever comes on Saturday. &gt;&gt; Do you think there's a chance you might be being underestimated heading into this fight? Because Aston is speaking, of course, as he should with a lot of confidence. Yeah, 100%. He's he's all coming off a three fight win streak, three knockouts. So, no, he's full of confidence, but like I say, I'm fairly confident as well. So, I'm ready to put on a show on Saturday night and upset the odds. &gt;&gt; Well, Aston, let's bring you in here. This resurgence in your career and you've got a man here looking to upset the odds. Uh, tell us what you're thinking. &gt;&gt; Just looking forward to Saturday night, mate. As I said, um, I'm no underestimating anybody. I just believe in my ability. I know I can do. I don't underestimate any fighter. I mean, I see who's right in front of me. And as I said, mate, it will be a demolition job Saturday night. &gt;&gt; Is this about levels? &gt;&gt; Yes. I just believe I'm on a different level. And that's no disrespect to anybody. I just believe I'm on a different level with Bane and I will show that Saturday night. &gt;&gt; What is it that you do so much better than Paul Keane to suggest you're on a different level to him? Just &gt;&gt; box better, punch harder. You know what I mean? Simple on it. It's boxing. You know what I mean? I just believe I'm a different level in every every department and I will show that Saturday night. I'm not here to mess about mate. Know what I mean? I'm not here to make up the numbers. I'm here to take over. &gt;&gt; What are you making of this Paul? It's uh you know the confidence that you'd expect, but he he seems to feel like he does a lot better than you in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, listen, I fully expected that, but like I say, I'm fully confident in my own ability, especially just now the way I feel done this camp, everything. So, like I say, be a good fight and uh I'm looking forward to me the best man win. &gt;&gt; What is the key to you winning, Paul? &gt;&gt; Just do what I do. Obviously, I'm not going to say too much, but uh I feel like just doing what I've done in camp, implementing that, and it'll come evident on Saturday. &gt;&gt; Do you think he believes it, Aston? &gt;&gt; I So, he should. He's a he's he's a fighter. He's up here, isn't he? Know what I mean? But again, as I said, I just believe I'm a different level and I fully believe in my ability and um I hope a demolition job on Saturday night. &gt;&gt; How far behind British level do you think you are? &gt;&gt; I'm there mate right now. I could fight for the British title tomorrow, I believe. I mean, I'm right there. So, Hawkins in my way just now, but we're fighting for the major titles. So, let's go and start the night. &gt;&gt; Okay, final final prediction from you, Paul Keane, please. &gt;&gt; Just a win from me. 100% demolition job. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. I think we're I think this is an absolute cracker. By the way, let's hear it for Aston Brown and Paul King. Celtic middleweight title on the line. Okay, the light heavyweight division right now in this country is is absolutely on fire. We got Ezra Taylor against Louis Edmonson coming up for the British and Commonwealth in a couple of weeks. There's a light heavyweight card in Manchester feeling Josh featuring Josh Buatzi, Zack Parker and and several others. And very much part of the mix here, Willie the Hutch Train Hutchinson taking on Mark Jeffers. And Mark, I'm going to start with you because uh so many opponents from what I hear just say no to Willie Hutchinson. They get the name and they say no. No, thank you. You said yes. Tell us why. Yeah, it's a massive opportunity. Um, had a terrible performance last time. This is my chance to put things right. Massive show against a very good fighter and this is why I'm in the game. This is a step up in weight for you. You've been down at super middleweight. Feels like a step up in level for you as well. Tell us why you're you feel you're ready for this kind of step. &gt;&gt; This is boxing in it. You've got to take your opportunities. Super middleweight, light heavyweight, it doesn't really matter. It's a fight at the end of the day and I'm uh I've had a s super camp with me and Dave and I'm I'm ready for Saturday. &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchinson, let me bring you in here. When we had the launch press conference, we didn't know who your opponent was going to be, &gt;&gt; but you just said whoever it is, I'm going to annihilate them. &gt;&gt; Is that the feeling now? You know it's Mark Jeffers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. if it was Mark or if it was whoever was going to be in the in the ring with me, the same outcome what I said weeks ago at the press conference is the same thing I'm going for. Um, but there's one thing that I do give this man more than probably more all of my opponents have ever fought. He's got my respect cuz exactly how we speak and exactly how fight he should be. This is the boxing game. Lightweight, cruiserweight, whatever weight, you he's coming to win and he's coming to he's coming to do what he's got to do. But unfortunately, he's against a a man like myself, and I believe I'm going to do the job on Saturday night. Um, and last time I spoke, I could I said to you, I couldn't care less who it was or whoever it may be. It's it is what it is. Um, and the same as what I think then is what I think now. But he's got my respect and he's a good fighter as well. Very good. And yes, &gt;&gt; who's got more to lose in this fight? Um, more to lose. &gt;&gt; I don't really know to be honest with you. I don't really think of who's going who's got more to lose. I'm not really interested. I'm only interested in genuinely just getting in there, get the job done and become world champion in 2026. &gt;&gt; Do you see Mark Jeffers as a stepping stone? &gt;&gt; Um, he's coming to win and he he'll be he'll be game. So, yeah, why not? Mark, stylistically, what can you do to cause problems to Willie Hutchinson? &gt;&gt; Just use my boxing. I've got speed. I can punch a bit. I'm super fit. Um, yeah, I've just got I've got to do my own game. Me and Mick, Dave, we've got a game plan. Execute that. You're going to see a fantastic performance Saturday. &gt;&gt; You're coming off the first loss of your career. What has that done for you? What has that done for your hunger? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that happened to be honest with you. It's it might be the best thing that's ever happened. It's I weren't really getting no no big opportunities coming off the back of a loss. I've got my biggest opportunity to date. So, if you look look at it that way, it's probably the best thing that could have happened. And yeah, just no soaking. Get straight back in there with a top class fire and see what happens. &gt;&gt; Willie, what is going to happen on Saturday? &gt;&gt; What's going to happen? Um, you're going to see me just enjoying myself to be honest with you and get the job done if it there's a chance I'll knock this man out and there's a chance I can I'll I'll just win and and and feel good. Definitely. Yeah. I've camps went great. I know everybody says all this all the time. I've I've said camps before it's been great and to be honest with you, it's probably been [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, um I'm being honest with myself. The camps went good. I feel good. I'm just ready to put us just get the job done. That's all I'm interested in, you know. Definitely get the job done. Knock out or not knock out, whatever it may be. &gt;&gt; And how's it feel to be part of this big show in Scotland with so so much great tal talent from? &gt;&gt; It's unbelievable. You know what I mean? I'm on the top table with all these lads. Um, and it's it's a good feeling, you know, never boxing. I was I was born in Castair's Atlantic. I was born in Livingston. Um, not very far away from here. I've lived here all my life till I was 25. H now I've just I bought a home now, my own home in Carlilele, not far away from this young lad here. And um I've never boxed in Scotland in 8 year. So it's definitely a good feeling to to be back home. Feels like home, you know, no matter where you go in the world. I've been here, there, and everywhere. I've never felt like home as how I feel now. And it feels good. Just a final one for you, Mark, because we we got a big uh big round of applause there for Willie Hutchinson. I think he's going to be a bit of a fan favorite on Saturday night. Are you looking forward to heading into the lion's den? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's going to be exciting. Um I know plenty Rangers boys are going to be there anyway, so they'll be backing me. &gt;&gt; Okay, best of luck. Best of luck, Willie Hutchinson. Best of luck, Mark Jeffers. Brilliant fight in this brilliant light heavyweight division. Let's hear it for Willie Hutchinson and Mark Jeffers here. Let's go down to lightweight. We have got the vacant British lightweight championship on the line recently vacated by Sam No, who's going on to fight for a world title. We've got a Celtic champion against an English champion. We've got Rean Glackin unbeaten against Louis Doati also unbeaten. And uh it might turn out to be Fight the Night. It's an absolutely brilliant fight. Let's start with Rean Glacken. You are, you know, Scottish champion, Celtic champion. You've taken every step so far in your career. You've passed every test. Tell us why you're going to pass this test and become British champion on Saturday. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Dave. I just believe the same as last time, everything's about timing, you know, and if I'm not ready now, I will never be, you know. Um, all steps of you have just mentioned Scottish Celtic. Literally, they're good, but they mean nothing. I'm coming at this fight with a challengers mentality. It's a vacant belt that I've been mandatory for for over a year. So, um I've got my shot now, mate. And I believe that hard work will will prove a difference. &gt;&gt; Well, let's get an opening word from Louis Odoy here and uh listen, you've passed every test as well. Every man that's come before you, you've beaten them and you've looked good. How are you feeling about this one? Tell us why it's going to be your night. &gt;&gt; Um yeah, no, I'm feeling confident and uh I've done the same thing. took a linear route, got the southern area, then onto the English. Um, so it just makes sense that we're meeting for the British and, uh, I've, you know, left no stone unturned. I'm really ready to go and ready to fight on Saturday night. &gt;&gt; I've heard you say that you treat every fight like a world title fight, but this one is for the British title. It's a bit of a bit of a moment in your career. Tell us what's gone differently in camp. Have you put extra work in? Have you done much different heading into this one? Um, well, I'm always trying to add stuff to my game when I'm when when I'm boxing, obviously looking at the mistakes I make, trying to fix them. Uh, I think I've, you know, I think the camp has gone well. I've done a lot in the camp. Um, obviously there's always things that are that are different in each camp. Uh, there can be good and bad, but uh, you just roll roll the punches really. &gt;&gt; Rean, let me uh let me bring you in here. I mean, it's in over a hundred years, there's only been six British lightweight champions from Scotland. So, it' be quite the feat should you pick up the title. Are you uh are you taking that into the ring with you? That added kind of pressure or or privilege. What are you thinking? &gt;&gt; Yeah, mate. I remember you saying that a few weeks ago and obviously sending the photo and stuff and obviously in the bigger grand scheme of things, that's a good goal. Um, but I'm just looking to write rewrite my own history. You know, if I rewrite my own history, I add my myself. I'll be number seven. So, I don't think now, mate. I've I've got other things on my mind. I just want to go in there and handle the business. But, um, so I don't look into what could be. The only thing I'm looking forward to is getting my hand raised. &gt;&gt; At the launch press conference, Louis Odoy spoke about how he can adapt. Do you feel like he's uh maybe not seen anyone like you before in the ring? What is it that you bring that's different? I think Styles make fights, mate. I would I would definitely say he's right in what he's saying. His 10 fights, he's had to adapt. He's had 10 different opponents and it's the same with myself. I've had 16 different opponents. As you know, coming through the amateur scene, you need to adapt because you don't know, you don't know a lot of these people you're think, you know. So, you've got to adapt and be able to change up. You can't be a one trick pony in this game. And um we we both might need to adapt on Saturday night, but I do believe I can adapt more that we may we're coming out victorious. &gt;&gt; Louie, what what sort of problems can you cause Rean on Saturday? &gt;&gt; Um whatever problems I want to make, I guess. Um when it comes to the boxing, I don't think I've shown the skill that I actually have in the ring when it comes to the the mid-range, longer range stuff. Um but I know I've got more in me that haven't hasn't been seen yet. Um, and you know, inside obviously I've shown I like I like a bit of a war there. So if that's what it comes to, then it can come to that too. &gt;&gt; Do you think it will? &gt;&gt; Um, I think in parts I think in parts it will have to. Yeah, I think the way the way our styles are, I think in in parts we'll have no choice. &gt;&gt; Are you seeing that as well, Rean? &gt;&gt; I'm just ready for whatever. I'm just ready to go right now. &gt;&gt; Okay. Can you wait till Saturday? &gt;&gt; I I can meet this hardly. I can meet this hard. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. You fellas will see each other at the uh at the weighin tomorrow. Best of luck to both of you. Brilliant fight for the British lightweight championship Saturday night right here in Glasgow. Let's get to this main event. The European title on the line. The champion Crystal Lorente. The challenger Nathaniel Collins. And it's a WBC final eliminator. The winner will go on to fight for a world title. It's high stakes indeed for you, Nathaniel Collins. I can see you've got the hat on. The hat says the next king of Scotland. This is a big moment for you on Saturday. Tell us how you're feeling. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel amazing as always. Um, nothing's really changed from the rest of my fights. So, I'm resting my preparations ever. So, I'm feeling good. &gt;&gt; Are you looking to make a statement on Saturday? &gt;&gt; I'm always looking to make a statement every time I go out there. So, yep, Saturday is no different. &gt;&gt; Have you got it in your mind that you know the winner goes on to fight for a world title? Obviously, you're seeing yourself as the winner, but in the WBC rankings, above you there is the champion. There's Bruce Carrington there as well as the interim champion. Are you looking to fire out a bit of a warning to those guys above you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Um, all for this fight, all I've seen is people saying, "Oh, Nathaniel's challenging for the the European title and European's the next step." And it's a big step and not once this camp have I thought about the European title at all. All that I've thought about is it's a world title eliminator. What do you make of your opponent Christo Lorente? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's obviously he's good to be European champion. He's awkward, but you know, it doesn't really matter. It doesn't matter what he brings because I'm going to bring what I bring. &gt;&gt; Well, let's hear from Chris Lorent. I understand we've got a translator who's a very brilliant translator, brilliant fighter. Sandor Martin is in the house, former European champion, world title challenger. Chris, what is it that you can do to cause Nathaniel Collins problems on Saturday? [Music] simply and easy. Do my best in the ring on Saturday night. Uh do my best about the work if I make at the gym. I'm uh waiting for this moment of my life and all the time in my career and that's my moment to shine. For those who haven't seen you box before, what can we expect to see from you when the first bell rings? Okay. I'm considered a tactical fighter. I have a lot of skills to stay good in every moment of the fight. If they going to war, I'm going to be the war inside the ring. If they going to will uh intelligent fight, I'm more intelligent than him and do the this intelligent fight. &gt;&gt; Any comment, Nathaniel? I think there was a little more intelligent than him in there. &gt;&gt; I think you gave him more credit than what he was doing for being a translator. But um yeah, he like he's saying from what I gather is he's saying he's a more intelligent or a more tactical fighter. I don't believe that. I don't believe he believes it. I've actually read an article that he done or his coach done saying they think that I'm tactical, I'm aggressive, I'm intelligent, so on so forth. So, he'll need to bring his best his best game and that's what they believe and that's what they're saying. So, yeah. Um, but obviously we're at the press conference so you need to say some. Yes, you do. Yes, you do. Let's uh let's ask Christo Lorente. Do you believe you can knock out Nathaniel Collins? Really, I I think they have a mistake uh with this opponent and I show him on Saturday night in the ring. Don't worry for his words. &gt;&gt; Good. I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; What's your final prediction, Nathaniel? &gt;&gt; Um I think I'm I'm going to I'm going to make a big statement. um to the rest of the world after tonight um after Saturday night, you know, uh the same way I done last time. My name's going to be up in lights again. Okay, &gt;&gt; they going to try to win again, but I'm do the same than the last times in my fights. Win again. &gt;&gt; Okay, listen. Brilliant stuff. Nathaniel, final one for you. just a message to your fans who are going to pack the place out on Saturday. What a night it is for Scottish boxing and I bet you're just so excited for this one. &gt;&gt; Absolutely buzzing. Um I've said it in every interview this whole camp that I've spoke to everybody and I'm just so excited for for boxing to be back in Scotland and Longmate continue and the card boys or at least all the Scottish boys, no offense to the English, but all the Scottish boys up here are phenomenal. So, um, we're buzzing to bring out a crowd and put on a show, and you're going to hear the noise. &gt;&gt; Brilliant stuff. And we're buzzing to be here. Brilliant noise. Great stuff. We're going to get the fighters all faced off. We'll be live Saturday night on the zone. And we're going to find out who is the next king of Scotland. We're going to get the fighters faced off now. I don't know if you want to say something else. Okay. [Music] Okay, so we're back. That was a really fun press conference. &gt;&gt; Um, what did you make of that, Josh? &gt;&gt; I thought it was good. I mean, all the all the fighters seem very confident and up for it, which is to be expected. Um, they're all ready and ready to go, raring to go to put on a good show on Saturday. So, yeah, I'm looking forward to the main event as well. Um, Morenti seemed very confident as well. Quietly confident, which is a a good sign from an outside point of view. You know, he's quietly confident and yeah, it's that's going to make it to be a good fight. &gt;&gt; I thought it was interesting what Nathaniel said, you know, about he hasn't thought about the European title once. All he's thinking is this is a world title eliminator. This is my time. What do you think that shows? It's a very good point and it's very realistic, you know, because every fight at this point for any prospect coming through. Every fight is your world title fight because a defeat means a few steps back, you know, it's one of the one step forward, two steps back kind of situations. So any prospect that's coming through needs to have that kind of mentality. I had that mentality when I was coming through. Every single fight was moral title fight cuz if it ended up in defeat, you're way back down the line again. so many kind of like snakes and ladders almost kind of theme. But yeah, it's the I think it's the the right attitude to have. &gt;&gt; That's it. And like he keeps saying, he keeps saying in interviews, he's very very excited. So that's what we want to see from a fighter. Obviously, like you said, Lorenz, he's got that quiet confidence as he should do. He's a European champion. He's got that belt with him. Um who I mean, what I really liked was Willie seemed again quietly confident, which is kind of something we're not used to really. We're normally used to very loud confidence, but he seems happy. He seems ready to go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I really like Willie. He's a great mind, he's passed a prospect now, but he's a great talent, you know, and he's got character and charisma. I like that about him. He's got a great wit about him, you know. Um, he's took himself away from Scotland and he's surrounded his home comforts and he's took himself away training. um which is a great sign which is all the things that need to do to become a champion is be be away from your comforts and everything that surrounded you. So he's away I think it's Spain they train it um but he's away from home anyway and he's got nothing to do except from focus on boxing and being away from family and stuff like that makes you more hungry and more determined. So he's doing all the right things and ticking all the right boxes. &gt;&gt; That's it. Thomas Driver is now going to hand us over to the faceoffs. &gt;&gt; Competing in a fourround light heavyweight contest, Alex Arthur Jr. [Applause] &gt;&gt; competing Saturday for the vacant Commonwealth Silver Youth Super Bantamweight Championship scheduled eight rounds. Let's welcome Marcus Sutherland. [Applause] So, here we go. Obviously, Alex Arthur's here somewhere. He's in the corner. That's the son of Sorry, Alex Arthur Jr. is over there. He's the son of Alex Arthur Senior. Astonishing fighter. and all of his kids seem like they're on the road to um success in the boxing world, &gt;&gt; competing in a four round super welterweight contest, making his highly anticipated pro debut, John Star Boy Carrian. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Here we go. his pro debut and one of the best prospects in world boxing. It's going to be exciting to see what he can do cuz under those lights obviously it's always very different than in the gym competing in a scheduled 10 round light heavyweight contest. Mark Jeffers and Willie the Hutch Train Hutchinson. Here we go. Now we're looking forward to this one. Mark Jeff's moving up from a super middleweight. So, it's interesting to see how he's going to be able to kind of carry carry that weight. &gt;&gt; It's just quite interesting because um he actually looks bigger than Will Hutcherson in there, but it's because well, he's wearing black, so he looks nice and slim, but um yeah, it's going to be the makings of a good fight, too. Good talent's coming through. Um he he's got a chance to right or wrong from the last time, so he'll be looking to get back on the right path for the next fight. No, you're right. And an interesting story I heard about Willie when he was 13, he wrote in a notebook that he will become WBC world champion one day. So, he really wants it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The power of attraction, the law of attraction. I used to do that myself. I think that's very important for the mindset of an athlete. &gt;&gt; Louis Oderti and Ryan the Shark Glacken. &gt;&gt; So, Louis Odoi here, an unbeaten fighter from Essex. This is going to be a really great one. A lot of people are saying this is a 50-50 fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it is. It's a a little bit of a crossroads and it's quite early on in their career. So, it's an important fight for both lads here. They'll be looking to put on a good statement and move on to the next step in the the ladder of their career. So, yeah, it's it's a good fight and both lads look really up for it here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they do. An interesting one with Blacking. This is a family affair for him. Apparently, his dad's company are going to be working the door on fight night. his brothers and sisters have been helping him sell tickets. So, they've all been getting involved. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. That's that's great. You know, I used to have help myself with the tickets. You know, my my mom, my wife, and my little sister used to help me selling the tickets and that as well because when you're doing it yourself, you're so knackered from training and everything like that. So, to have help from your family, help shift the tickets is is great help. competing in a 10 round contest for the vacant Celtic middleweight championship. Paul Keane and Aston Badman Brown. [Music] &gt;&gt; So Paul Keane from Dundy kind of feels like he's the underdog here, but he's got something to prove and that can be a dangerous fighter. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And two of these guys have got the a point to prove. They're both um trying to get their the ball rolling with their career again. Although it is rolling, but they want to use this fight to step onto bigger scenes of the domestic scene and and get cracking for bigger title fights. So, I'm looking forward to both lads going out there and having a good fight on Saturday night. &gt;&gt; That's it. I remember when Ashton Brown turned pro, there was a lot of noise about him. He was coming over from the GB setup &gt;&gt; and it looks like he's back on back on the road now. So, getting things moving. Yeah, I was I spent a lot of time with Aston going around the world as an amateur with Scotland and then on GB team together, going to world championships, European Championships and things like that. He turned pro and he he kind of hit a bump in the road and his career went sort of off the rails a little bit, but he's back on it now and he's living the life of an athlete. He lives, breathes, and eats boxing and lives a very clean life. So, he's uh trying to renew his career, which is I'm looking forward to watching. &gt;&gt; Competing in our main event scheduled for 12 rounds for the EBU European featherweight championship. It is also a WBC final eliminator. the challenger Nathaniel the nightmare callers and the defending champion Gistoal Lorente. &gt;&gt; So here's our main main event. I'm really looking forward to this one. Like you said, like he said, this is his opportunity to get on that world stage and get himself a world title. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Every, if I said before there, every fight is your world title fight and he's treating it like this, you know. and he has to um Lorente looks nice and quietly confident as well. So, it's got the makings to be a great fight. I think it's going to be a cracker. You know, &gt;&gt; that's it. Lorente won the title in July 2024. Since then, he's made two defenses. The last one um resulted in a draw. So, it's interesting. I think what um Nathaniel was going to be thinking, this man's not unbeatable. I can get him. You know, he was dropped in in the fight where he won the title. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, he'll you'll see Nathaniel will see um vulnerabilities in in there, but you know, Lorente will be up for it as well. So, it's got the makings to be a good fight. They're both staring into each other's eyes here. Don't want to look away. So, yeah, they're both um ready to go. It's got to make it to be a great fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we could be seeing something special here. These guys, the winner is going to go on to do big things. And I mean, fingers crossed we could see one of these fighting Mick B in the future like you said. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I mean the winner the winner they obviously got the European and WBC silver. The WBC silver is a world ranking belt in the top 15. So the winner of this might go in and then maybe get a shot in Nick Ball. And what a fight that would be especially if Nathaniel wins for a for a UK dust up, you know, that would be that would be great. So yeah, there's a lot at stake here and both lads seem like they're really up for it. &gt;&gt; That's it. And and like you said, those styles would really create something special. Obviously in the financial being in the south being super explosive and very athletic and then like you said Nick with a little Mike Tyson.