Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the vacant WBC silver featherweight championship brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry in association with Wasserman Boxing along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy Uni Bet and Global Next Trade. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Steward in charge John Swanson along with the World Boxing Council President Maicio Sullear, supervisor Peter Skooki, Timekeeper Joe Brandon. Our three judges assigned will be Mark Bates of England, Kristoff Fernandez of France, and Steve Mertz of Germany. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be Mark L of England. Introducing to you first, fighting tonight out of the red corner, he comes to the ring wearing red with white and weighed in officially at 125.4 lbs. Coming to us from Edinburgh, Scotland. He has a professional record consisting of 15 wins, just one defeat, one draw. 11 of his 15 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former EBU European Champion and current WBC International Heatherweight Champion, Lightning Lee McGregor. And his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing gray with white and weighed in officially at 125.6 lb. Hailing from Paris, Scotland, he is undefeated with 16 wins. Seven of his 16 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the undefeated former British Commonwealth and EBU European silver featherweight champion, Nathaniel, the Nightmare Poland. [Applause] Okay, boys, we've already spoken to you both. You know what I expect? Stay professional, obey my commands, and most of all, protect yourself at all times. Just close, boys. Good luck, boys. &gt;&gt; Another of the famous old Glasgow, Edinburgh Darbies. Biggest surely in this very city at the old Albany Hotel back in 1973 when the amazing Ken Buchanan took the British lightweight title of the wonderful Jim Watt. There's always spice, needle, and heart of plenty in these. Two excellent technicians here. They know each other so well. They've sparred loads. And a decade ago, they met in the amateurs. Now they do it for real. Punching for pay. And I think that's key here, Darren, because the winner could go on to massive financial rewards. &gt;&gt; I mean, the the the pot of gold gets no better really. No bigger. Sorry. fighting for a world title. So, this is massive. It really is. And feel that the battle for that hand so important here. And it's Collins who started well, working nicely behind that southpaw jab. [Applause] be looking to relax and get into a rhythm early. Nathaniel Collins McGregor did win that amateur fight and he did step up in weight to do it. How do you like him at lightweight Barry a featherweight? Sorry. Yeah, but I think overdue. He's such so big for the weight there. Nice front door and Collins made him pay for that. Not similar stars with similar sort of approaches. They all they both pressurize you behind good boxing. They both pack a punch. I mean I think power is underrated from McGregor certainly to the body. There's a better he's been adaptable against pressure and the box moving around quite well. So he has the cruise in as well to cause problems but college is sharp and I think I think he's been underrated quite a lot here colle knockouts as well on the slate of Collins from McGregor I thought he stronger against Isaac Low he's filled out nicely into the nine stone 126 lb division but he's missing a bit early here and Collins will make him pay for that. &gt;&gt; He will. He will, Adam. And I don't mind the aggression from McGregor, but he's got to be a lot more reckless because you see him ready. The counter punching from Collins. Very, very sharp and aiming for the body early as well. Nathaniel Collins, the only ever lost once. Collins protecting this perfect record. Unblenmished. Well, McGregor has always had the advantage of of size, hasn't he? Massively advantage. He still got the advantage here as much. So, wouldn't be able to jab against a soft work up against guys with more his size. He's going to struggle just a little more than usual. Is it the story of the round? [Music] This is spray. We control the distance. We control the fight. You understand? Okay. Make him overreach. Exactly what you done there. Okay. See what he takes you back to the corner. If he shuts that distance down, stay nice and tight. Don't bother hanging back. Okay. Listen. Control the distance behind that jab. Take a step back. Bring it up. Bring it over. Shoot a quick back right behind the catch. Catch. Shoot that quick right hand side. Beautiful. Okay, nice and sharp. Make him fall over his front foot as he falls over. Bring that shot up. Bring it underneath that back hand to the body. &gt;&gt; Welcome back. Very good corner to Johan Senior and Junior been around the sport up here for a long time. &gt;&gt; Ricky Burns, Alex Arthur being talked about. Canon W. Here's Collins and McGregor. We love these sort of derbies. I would do. It means an awful lot to not just the fighters but the fans as well. But I tell you what that first round was. That was a great demonstration of counter punching from Collins &gt;&gt; and just using that soft ball stand to his advantage and and what they were saying in the corner, you know, make him overreach, you know, attempting with that front foot, 10 when he fully attacks, take that little step back, make him move forward. And that's why I say it's going to take a while to just get that judgment distance because he's so used throughout his career being the guy who has the advantage of having that long. can make a few mistakes, still get away with it. Father, much less try and upset the the rhythm, the early rhythm that Collins has got in that first round of plenty of hands and feet. Try and draw out the lead of Collins with that aggression. Work around the target there. But well to the body more education in in the work of McGregor required &gt;&gt; but it's getting your finger closer. That's why you always say get on the old side just then cuz it allows you to take a bigger step and commit and push through the tight. You have to against yourself Barry and it's going to be a tough night this for McGregor if he can't get that movement right the jab going. He could be all at sea. Collins with a fantastic opener in the back when he starts as well. He's really cute and clever just working around the body slowing him down. That's all that is. So he wants to lean back so balance. So what you do is you f you trying to get him on. his hand forward two adjustments forward. combination. Yeah, that lead screw shot from Collins. Very, very good. But I don't mind this from McGregor trying to rough up Colin. But that's a natural counter puncher that Collins is. You don't really want to be stood inside. You rather keep it at range and fire those sharp counts through your opponent's work today. So try and keep those arms, the waistband, some of the bars. try and unsettle his confidence from Collins. Attempting to wrap up his rival to take that one. Sometimes that can be an issue with the south. They carry their lead hands like the left just travel over that that right hand. [Music] We always looking for a strike. Don't give him an opportunity by over reacher. It's the only thing you're getting caught. Every single time you guys and hear me jab in here, let your right hand go when you get that guy reversal and reverse and then find your feet. &gt;&gt; Welcome back. Well, much better from Lee McGregor in round number two. Barry, he closed the distance, didn't he? razled in some body shots. Hustle not always pretty but effective. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, Dallas said you knew he just made it a little bit uncomfortable for Dallas. Not I don't think Connor was caught with pressure quite well but then he threw a right hand to the body and a left hook over the top to snap each punch there. Certainly was the best punch of the fight in the round. &gt;&gt; They're beautifully poised these two excellent technicians. Steve McGregor who's won 15 in those red, maroon and white color shorts and the gray and white skirt-like outfit of the Southport Nathaniel Collins in fight number 17 turned over back in October 2018. He's come up a quiet way. People haven't been raving about him, but he's very useful. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very good fighter indeed. &gt;&gt; Just dominate behind the lead hand at the minute. like to see McGregor just get that front foot on the outside of Collins. That'll help him find a jab over the the right hand of Collins. I understand is not committed. He's getting the football. He's not committed, but he knows he's got to take that that step back that little lean back. And I think that's where the fate always works. If he doesn't, even if he doesn't throw, it means you can make more space. up in the third round. &gt;&gt; They're not amateurs and kids anymore, are they? &gt;&gt; Proper established fighters here with an opportunity here to really push on and some really good work within the uppercut from Collins and the shot that McGregor needs to throw inside. You see how low chopping down statistics but getting those arms growing again the ring a little uncertain the gum shields out and it's swinging back to Collins this round that was really good sorry the flow and the rhythm which he threw those shots was very very pleasing to McGregor's trying to get that chest over the front foot, which is not a bad idea, but &gt;&gt; there's no real just he got caught there like maybe tripped a bit, but and he's trying to bob and weave. There's no real thought to it. So college is just trying to get the shot through the move out of range with his jab. You might have to just get down and dirty and rough up Collins. Not give him that room. You got to be careful at times. You just got to be careful with that. You don't tire yourself. &gt;&gt; That left hook is there for McGregor. close here. A little step to the left, get into the position to throw the shot, then take that step to the right along with the left hook. [Music] Just regain control there, Nathaniel Collins. Meanwhile, backstage, Lee McGregor's big mate, Josh Taylor [Music] from Edinburgh, of course, or just outside. Such a brilliant fighter for so many years. The question is what is left in the locker and how good will he be up at welterweight, Jimmy Gil, the wonderful Nottingham manager and boxing man who we lost sadly recently and a big inspiration to this man Echo Esimman with Barington Brown and Jimmy Gil from the beginning. I love Jimmy Gil. I really did. He always had a story. &gt;&gt; Looked after the Booth brothers, didn't he? Fabulous character. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great man. &gt;&gt; And this really is a great fight to top the bill here in Glasgow. So many questions I look forward to being answered. Yeah, questions to be answered here with these two old friends, but now rivals certainly for the next eight rounds or so. The WBC silver title up for grabs. WBC champion at the moment is Steven F and our own Nick B of course with the WBA undefeated Raphael Espinosa Angelo Leo. It's a really crammed division as always the featherweights and back in those times we're talking about the brothers we had and Paul England really hard in so many good fighters. &gt;&gt; Wow. domestically it still is now win you on the landing towards those bigger fights and that's but they don't care about that. This is all about this is all about pride this fight. Heat. Heat. There is a break through. Brilliant. shot and Le McGregor is defeated in style and that was dramatic and the first time that's happened to McGregor and Nathaniel Collins who look really good from the offing and he's on the floor in tears, the emotions pouring out. What a brilliant win and what a dramatic round Barry. That was absolutely fantastic. He was boxing so well, but really controlled throughout so Collins there. But that finish there. The woman with the first knock though he threw to the body and then the one over the top there straight away went bam bam. It was a lovely shot. The body shot was just to drop the hands. Really thought of what was working. And that's been the theme of the night so far for me is able to be thinking about their work, not just rushing it, not just letting their hands go being aggressive. The thought with it there was perfect tonight. That was a brilliant performance against a really good fight. &gt;&gt; Great. Real respect. It had to go out of the building for the time they were in the ring. And Nathaniel Collins was a nightmare. His style was difficult for Lee McGregor. the southpaw, the uppercuts, the rhythm, and then quite surprisingly the power. That was exceptional, Adam. It really was. Look, on paper, a really tough tough fight. We we've mentioned what was on the line, but the way in which he's beat McGregor there is so impressive. I mean, look at the work, look at the power, look at the speed, and most importantly, Barry, the selfbelief. Yeah, he's hit with a lovely shot. Again, the timing was fantastic. And obviously that that was that was a first knockdown. I thought it was a bit of a pusher, but he was already hurt. But the second one here against the ropes when it gets him against the ropes before that he threw a left to the body, then a left over the top. Just really clever work. It was really cle all tonight. He's really clever making a miss, making him pay your body and then over the top there right with a solid shot. That's a really good punch. Really good. I mean, he'd come of age tonight, Nathaniel Collins. really has &gt;&gt; a mature and blistering performance from Nathaniel Collins, Lee McGregor up at featherweight and he felt the weight of those punches, but it was the precision and the class tonight of Nathaniel Collins. He's been a secret really. Not many have heard of him outside of Scotland, but he has his moment tonight live on the zone at prime time. And now they will be talking about the nightmare. And he could be a nightmare for these featherweights. &gt;&gt; I I tell you now, he'll take some beating. And and not just that performance there, as impressive it was, but you watch him as a whole as a fighter. There is so much to like about him. I mean, look at cuz that was an outstanding win. An outstanding win. A huge win on the resume of Nathaniel Collins. Fabulous. Another stoppage win on a sizzling night in Scotland. Well, the ring three event, a blockbuster card from New York City, July the 12th. Shakur Stevenson against William Sepa topping the bill. Edgar Balanga and our own Hamza Shiraz facing off in the chief support. Should be another memorable night of boxing in the Big Apple. You can see it live on the zone. So much coming up in the next 6, eight weeks and uh wow so much respect between the pair. He'll be guttedly McGregor. What a win for Nathaniel Collins. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 45 seconds of round number four. Our referee in charge, Mark L, stops the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated and now the WBC silver featherweight champion, Nathaniel, the nightmare Poland. Super southpaw's delivering scintillating power tonight in Glasgow. Nathaniel Collins with his old buddy and sparring partner and former amateur name Lee McGregor. McGregor won 10 years ago on points for tonight. No judges needed all over inside four rounds and the Glaswegians can celebrate. Death Nathaniel Collins. Well, he deserves a world title shot soon, and I'm sure that Frank and George can provide it for him. Daniel Collins, that was the biggest fight of your career, the biggest stage of your career, and you delivered. I've always had the ability to do that and I've said it to the start of my career that I've got the performances in me and I think everyone knew but I've never really had the proper chance to prove it and now I'm here in my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hometown with the best crowd in the world and we brought big time boxing back to Glasgow. Let's go. There was so much emotion from you at the very end there. Even now I can see it in your eyes. This one meant more. One year ago and two days I was lying in a hospital bed just out of surgery, life-saving surgery. And I never even knew if I was going to box again. And if you told me one year later I'd be in the hydro putting on the performance of a lifetime like that in front of all these people. You'd have laughed. You'd have laughed. And I had so many doubters. And I I had so many demons to fight there, not just Lee. and I overcame everything in my own head and my mind and I I can't explain it with words. &gt;&gt; How did you do it tonight? Can you pinpoint what got you the win tonight? &gt;&gt; Nate, I just says that I'm a world class boxer and I can punch and you've seen it before on my Queensbury debut. I' I've fought some tough guys. I've been through some stuff myself. So, that was the best Nathaniel Collins has ever been tonight. And I says it before in the press conference, you're going to see the best of Collins. And he turned up. &gt;&gt; You're a Southpaw. You're very strong. You got a lot of power. No one does that to Lee McGregor. Look at this WBC silver belt. You want a WBC gold? I dreamed about this my whole life. A WBC belt. And now I want Steven Fton for the full WBC. America read. Make it happen. If that was Steven Fton in there tonight, tremendous fighter, great boxer, world champion, how would you have dealt with him tonight? The same way. &gt;&gt; Big statement. Hey, I'm not here to make me statements. I'm here to be a world champion. &gt;&gt; Just a word, Nathaniel, on Lee McGregor. That was a brilliant fight tonight for Scotland. A historic fight as well. Great opponent tonight. May I say to Lee there when we finished, I did not like that. Me and Lee are good friends. Lee's a phenomenal fighter. The whole buildup was awkward. The first press conference we had that night, I went home and Facebook told me 10 years ago me and Lee McGregor became friends on Facebook. So that was nice and it was awkward. Lee's a phenomenal fighter and he's been through just as much as me. So a big round of applause for Lee McGregor, guys. Finally, Nathaniel, you made it pretty clear. And Nathaniel Collins at his best is a nightmare for the featherweight division. What sort of statement do you think you sent the world tonight? &gt;&gt; Everybody else will know watching that that nobody wants none of that. And that's why at the start of my career, nobody wanted none of that because that was the focus and that was the drive I had and that's just kickstarted a new life into me and I swear to God anybody that steps in this ring's in trouble. Congratulations and the new Can I just say a big thank you to Queensbury, George Warren and Frank Warren, Francis War and everybody that's came out tonight and bought a ticket with a hard money. Joe who's brought me through since I was a kid. My family, my misses, my daughter. Thank you everyone. Have a great night. Let's go Scotland. King of Scotland.