Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, our main event this Saturday, it will be a battle of the undefeated 12 round scheduled for the vacant WBA interim heavyweight championship. It is being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry in association with Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing Platform Sports, Tasmin Fighters, and Gold Star Promotions. Well, at this time, let's welcome and acknowledge our main event participants. First, coming to us from Brisbane, Australia. He is undefeated with 12 wins. seven of his 12 wins coming by way of knockout. Currently ranked number seven by the WBA. He is the undefeated former Australian champion and current WBO Global and IBF Pan Pacific heavyweight champion Justice [Music] Hoodi. And now let's welcome from Ipsswitch, England. Undefeated with 18 wins, one draw, 17 of his 18 wins. Coming by way of knockout, currently ranked number one by the WBA. He is the undefeated former British, English, and Commonwealth heavyweight champion, Fabio Wartley. And now, let's get the main event part of our press conference started and hand things back over to your host, Mr. Dev Sonni. Thank you. Thank you, Thomas Triber. Okay, welcome back to the final part of today's huge press conference as we countdown to a historic night of World Championship Boxing at Portman Road. The vacant WBA interim heavyweight championship will be on the line between two unbeaten heavyweights. The highly rated, heavyhanded Ipsswitch hero Fabio Wardley is now just hours away from his dream moment. After spending his life cheering on the Tractor Boys from the stands on Saturday night, he now stands in the center of that Portman Road pitch, punching for his people, punching for his town, and punching for his future. But the man standing in his way on Saturday, his name is Justice Honey, and he has been punching since the age of eight. By the time Fabio Waldley first picked up a pair of boxing gloves at 20 years old, Justice Honey had already been boxing for 12 years. He was a brilliant amateur, unbeaten as a pro, and some are saying the greatest heavyweight to ever come from Australia. This is a high stakes, high-risk, must-win heavyweight clash between the WBA number one and the WBO number one. The winner will make a serious statement in the heavyweight division and put a serious dent into their opponent's world title ambitions. Ladies and gentlemen, on Saturday night, we will be live around the world on the global home of boxing don. This is mustwin at Portman Road. This is running towards adversity. Let's start with the man who is running directly towards adversity in his dream moment. Fabio Wardley, I want to get an opening word from you because this is everything that you've wanted. We're getting closer and closer now. Does this feel different to your normal fights? How you feeling? Yeah. Um, it definitely does feel different. Um, it's a funny one this week of of still being at home in a sense of where these events are like the press of today and the the face to face yesterday and away weigh in tomorrow and things will all be in my hometown. They're all down the road from me. So on the way here and things I'm bumping into people that I know and I've known for years and I'm walking past like places I go and things like that. So it has a bit of a different feel to it. Um, it's been good. Really good to be honest. has added to it and made it a nice relaxed kind of chilled week because I haven't had to uproot myself and take myself either to over Saudi or into London or up and down the country somewhere. So, it's been good for for me and the team. All right, thank you Fabio. Let's get an opening word from Justice Honey who is also running towards adversity. Uh 48 hours away now from the biggest moment and the biggest fight in your career. Give us an insight into what's going on for Justice Honey right now. Yeah, look, I'm feeling excited. I'm pumped. It's only two days out now and uh I just can't wait to get in there and uh share the ring with Fabio, give the fight fans uh a good fight and the people of Ipsswitch. So, let's go. Okay, thank you. We'll be coming back to the fighters uh very shortly. I want to bring in Hall of Fame boxing promoter Frank Warren. And Frank, another fantastic heavyweight stadium fight on Saturday. One to really look forward to. It is. This is the uh golden age of heavyweight boxing at the moment. All these guys are fighting each other. The the skill qualities, the standard of the heavyweights is probably the best it's been for many many years. And this is a very important fight in the heavyweight division. You know, the winner of this becomes the number one uh mandatory for the WBA title. So, they got everything to go for. You know, it doesn't get any better than that. winner goes and becomes the guy for when the BA title has to be fought for on a mandatory basis. So that that's the pot of gold. That's the carrot. And it's a stadium fight. It's Ipsswitch. It's Portman Road. It's special to be here in this city. But how much belief do you have in Fabio to get it done on Saturday? Look, it's big-time boxing in Ipsswitch. We're in a football stadium, soccer stadium. You know, this is huge for him. and uh this was his dream and our job is to try and make those dreams come true and we've delivered as far as that's concerned. Um you know Saturday night is going to be a really atmospheric night. The crowd I know are going to be absolutely to everybody's going to be behind Fabio. So he's got everything going for him. He knows what he has to do but he's in with somebody who is undefeated who's got a stellar amateur career. He's coming off of a last fight. Was it a second round stoppage? I think it was. So, you know, he's a form fighter. He can punch. He's knocked seven or stopped seven of his 12 opponents. This is this is good big big time boxing. This is quality boxing. And, you know, I know, you know, having the time I've been involved with Fabio, I know what his ambitions are. I know what he wants. And and everything he set out to do, he's done. and he's done it without a pedigree as an amateur that um Justice has got. But you know what? It shows you what a natural fighting man he is to do what he do what he's done, what he's achieved and where he's at. You know, he's he's gone on the traditional route, you know, with the British title, English title, British title, Commonwealth. He's shown what he's all about. Everything he's done, he's been the best at and come through it. And this is the big moment for him in his career. And you know, we have confidence in him coming through this. It's going to be a tough fight. I know it'll be a tough fight because he's in with a tough competitor. You know what? The fans are going to benefit from that. They're going to benefit from seeing something extra extra special and see their hero hopefully on his continue on his journey to bring the big belt home here to hipsw into his home city town. Okay. Thank you, Frank. Well, you're not the only Frank up here. Uh just a reminder, this is Queensbury versus Matram and uh delighted to have Frank Smith here. We had Eddie at the launch press conference, Frank, and he spoke about the sadness that he's going to have heading back down the A12 about ruining Fabio's big night. But do you share that sadness? What heading down the A12? No, no, I think we're going to be very happy. Um look firstly it's the pleasure obviously to be working with Queensbury Frank and and the whole team and obviously the home of boxing the zone consistently delivering the biggest nights in the sport. You know Saturday night will be no different is two great fighters coming together. You know I have huge respect obviously for Fabio Waldley. I've worked with him for a long part of his career but I believe Justice Honey is the better fighter. I believe on Saturday night you'll see that. But I think you have to respect both men for jumping in there and taking this test because a lot of fighters in this day and age wouldn't do that. You know, they're both in great positions. They both had great opportunities ahead of them. You know, Fabio with four weeks to go accepted Justice Honey and Justice Honey accepted the test with four weeks to go, showing the belief he has in his career. And you have to respect both men for that. But I think on Saturday night, you're going to see a tremendous fight, another great heavyweight dust up, but Justice Honey being victorious. Well, Frank, one of the themes from you, Frank, not not that Frank. One, one of the themes from from that launch press conference was this overwhelming feeling from team Matram, from team Honey, from Eddie Hearn in particular, that Frank Warren has made a mistake here. So, let me ask you, does Frank think Frank has made a mistake? Which Frank? This that Frank? Um, he doesn't often make mistakes, obviously. I think on Saturday we'll see a mistake. You know, we won't be crying on the way back down the A12. Uh I think it'll be a nice joyous journey back. But look, we uh we've got to win some. You know, we obviously historically a year ago lost the first 5v5 and on Saturday, this will be the start of the revenge mission. Um so excited for it. Well, we'll see what happens. But going back on the 812, I've found a place ready on the way back. The massage parlor, it's all set up for I think I saw it on the way up. Okay. Well, look, you know, there's great rivalry between um Matram and Queensbury, and it's all part of all part of this. It's, you know, we all want to be winners. We all want to come through. We all want to do the best and be the best. And uh it all adds to the drama and to the and to the whole story. So, you know, this going to this going to be this is going to be a sensational fight on Saturday. Do not miss it. And a sensational drive home, it sounds like as well. Okay. Thank you. Great to hear from both of you. Let's bring in Michael Riddout from Done. And uh you know, one thing again, you've got your two promoters working together here. So much to look forward to. Yeah, look, an amazing event. Echo Frank Smith's point. Um these two guys stepping up from their respective rankings. It's it's all too easy sometimes for a fighter to wait for their shot, but these guys are, you know, number one in WBA, number one at the time of the fight was made in the WBO are going in for our entertainment. So, thank you boys for doing that. And it kickstarts really a massive summer for Done, the biggest in our history. As always, we've got incredible fights every weekend. Hitchens versus Cambosus, the return of Jake Paul, Catrol Eubank, Ring Three, Hamza Shiraz, Edgar Belang, and of course the biggest fight of them all exclusively live on Done, the undisputed heavyweight title fight between Alexander Usyk and Daniel Dubois. But also something I want to talk about is the FIFA Club World Cup. All 63 matches live on Done available for free starts on June 14th. Do not miss it. And do not miss this weekend's fight. It's an incredible bout between two guys who are going to go in there and throw serious destructive punches. They've also got their undefeated records as well to protect. So guys, good luck. It's Queensbury versus Matram. It's Wley versus Honey. And it's all live exclusively on Done. Great stuff. Thank you, Michael Riddau. Uh, let me bring in Spencer Brown from Gold Star. Very much the Justice Hoon side. And, uh, we had Mick Francis up here last time as well, and he talked about how it all felt like a a perfect storm for Justice Honey. Is that Is that how you're feeling heading into this? Yeah, I mean, this fight has had sort of um, you know, it's had loads of twists and turns. This all started really in Riyad, didn't it? with both of them fighting Riyad with with both having two completely uh different matches. Fabio Wley came out and and destroyed his opponent in the first round and Justice fought Kevin Lorraine and and nearly nearly flopped in the last round, you know, got caught in the last round. So, it was it's a it's a great fight. I think it's a 5050 fight this obviously. We think we've got it. I had a good chat with uh Justice trainer early and um we're very very confident in this fight. We're really confident and uh I mean I saw the odds. It was one to six on for Fabio. So obviously they fancy it. I believe Frank got a few quid at even money. So um he um it just looks a perfect storm to me. There's been loads of twists, loads of turns, but we're here. We're now here. We're we're ready to go. He's only had three and a half weeks training, but he's still very very confident. I I watched him spar in the gym. He was he was he was a different level. So So they seen But I've got to say for Fabio Waldley that what he's done is unprecedented. He's come from an unlicensed white collar boxing to be number one in the world. It will never happen again. And I'll take me hat off to you on that one. Great achievement. But again, I'm with Justice and Justice, let me tell you, he's a quiet guy, but when it comes to to to fighting, this man can really fight. And he's he's got a great pedigree, and we think he's going to do it on the night. So, tune in. It's going to be a great fight. Thank you. Thank you, Spencer. Let's hear from the Wardley side of the table. Let me bring in Michael Offo. And Michael, you had quite the exchange with Eddie Hearn at the launch presser. I don't know if you've got Frank Smith in your in your sights here today, but uh tell us what you're thinking. Um so yeah, Eddie's not here, so you know, I think that speaks volumes to his belief in his fighter. Uh I know these guys talk about a perfect storm, but a storm brings nothing but destruction and pain. And that's exactly what Fabio is going to bring, destruction come Saturday night. Um you know, knowing Fabio, as long as I've known him, I've seen him work hard. of, you know, he doesn't have to do this and he puts himself through um, you know, he puts himself through hell and back to achieve his goals. So, I think come Saturday, he's going to be a very, very hard man to beat and I don't think that um, Justice Honey has what it takes to beat Fabio. They're both great um, ambassadors for the sport. So, we commend both of them for getting in there and and and providing the entertainment, but I can only see one winner and that's Fabio Wardley. Okay. I don't know if anyone wants to pop back from the Frank. I'm looking at you, Frank Smith. Do you want to? I I look I agree with everything he says in terms of they're two tremendous fighters. Respect for them both stepping in. Obviously, we're on different sides of the table. We're going to disagree on who the the winner will be, but I'm just glad he didn't have a pop at me like he had at Eddie to be honest. So, thanks Mike press. There is still time. There is a Q&amp;A at the end as well, Frank, so be ready for that. Um, let's bring in Justice Honey. Um, now at the launch press conference, Justice, you said that you were better than Fabio Waldley in every department other than power. And Fabio said, I urge you to go and do some research. So, have you done some research? what what are your findings? Um, still the same. I I still got the same opinion. And um, look, two days from now, we'll be able to showcase it. And, um, you know, show everyone what I'm all about. So, yeah, let's go. Um, I can't wait. Uh, we're here. We're here in fight week and it's it's exciting for me. So, yeah. One thing I've heard you say, Justice, is that you will show him your experience. What What exactly does that mean? What does that look like on Saturday? It's my ring IQ, my my experience in the ring. Um, knowing where I am at all times, it'll show it. It'll show on the fight night. So, um, yeah, I've done all the training that I've needed to do and I'm I'm ready to go. Fabio, let's let's bring you in here. I mean, it's uh it's talk once again of ring IQ, about lengthy amateur pedigree, and you're the only thing you've got going for you is power. Heard it all before, Fabio. Yeah, I heard it all before. And if if that's that's all I've got in my career, it's done me well so far. So, it might not do me too bad going forward and going into this fight. But it's nothing new for me in this sense. the the standard the standard call, the standard talk of me not having an amateur background and me being inexperienced in that sense, not having maybe the the boxing knowhow, the boxing IQ to to bring in the ring on the night, but yet I've I haven't been defeated yet. And I've I've come across star amateurs, Olympics, and Olympic medalists and all sorts. So, I don't know where exactly these two things mesh up and I'm supposed to slip up and things are supposed to go wrong because they haven't yet. Um, credit to Juni, Justice Honey, thinking he's the man to do that. Um, but again, one the the most obvious one to say here is the power I have is um is undeniable in that sense. You look through my fights and you see why all of my opponents have touched the canvas at one point or another. Um, and that just built on the experience that I've built over the last couple of years now. and and I understand that. Yeah. Okay. I didn't get I didn't get the amateur experience when I was a younger when I was a kid and when I was younger and things like that, but I've done the hard work and the hard yards since I got into boxing and that was the first thing I realized that I had to make I had some bits to make up in the sport and and I did that and I put my head down and and grafted and and this is where I've got myself. So yeah, I I haven't come this far just to come this far. There's no way that this is being taken away from me now. Not in my hometown, not on my home stage. Do you concede that you're in with the better boxer or do you disagree with that? No, I don't I don't agree with that either. Um I don't know. Yeah. Okay. Maybe if you compare his amateur record to my four white color fights, then maybe yeah, they might look a bit different. But we're not in amateur boxing anymore. This isn't an amateur ring. This isn't amateur rules. It's not amateur gloves. This is this is real full-fledged heavyweight professional boxing. And in that realm, I'm more experienced. I'm more devastating. I've I've got all the attributes that have carried me through and have brought me through to winning. So yeah, on that particular area, I don't concede either. I don't think he's got the better IQ than me, the better boxing ability than me. Not in this ring, not in that ring on the night. Justice, let let me ask you this. You did that face off for Don and one of the things Fabio said to you was, "Yeah, you can be perfect for 12 rounds, but he only needs to be perfect for one second." Do you agree with that? How wary of him are you? Look, um, I've got my game plan and, you know, I'm going to show up on the night and stick to it. You know, it's doesn't really matter um, what we say here on the front is when, you know, we got to put all the training and stuff to test and, you know, I'm ready to go and can't wait to share the ring with him. It's Portman Road. They love him here in Ipsswitch. You'll see that tomorrow as well at the weigh-in. It's all going to be for him. Do you feel like there's any way that that actually works against Fabio Wardley? Um, I I think it, you know, might give him more pressure. Um, but yeah, other than that, it's it's only going to be him and I and and the referee in the ring. And, you know, we've both got a job to do. I've come to win. He's he's coming to win. So, you know, it's going to make for a good fight. Fabio, one thing that Justice has said in in multiple interviews is that he's not necessarily just going to be standing there to trade with you. Are you expecting a trickier fight? You expect him to maybe have to come from behind, do things you haven't had to do? Yeah, look, nothing I'm saying is taken away from the skills and attributes he has. Um, he is a good boxer. He is fleeooted. He is he can work around that ring very well. And I do think he'd be wary of me, so he won't be trying to engage very early um or very often. But that's just another area I can I can double down on. Hunt him around that ring. Like there's only so long you can go running from me in a ring. You're not going to be able to keep that up for 12 rounds. I will find you. I will hunt you down and you will have to stand in front of me and let your hands go at one point or another. So, and at that moment, that's where that's where I come out on top and that's where I'm the better fighter. What do you make of that, Justice? Definitely definitely won't be any running. Um, it's just boxing. Like just boxing. Boxing smart. Like there won't be any running around the ring from me. It'll just be smart boxing. Fabio, we've seen Justice hurt before against Kevin Lena. Kevin Lena didn't capitalize and finish the job that night. Do you feel like you if he get him in the same situation, you can finish the job? Yeah, look, first of all, it's heavyweight boxing. We can all be hurt. We're all big boys landing big shots on each other. So, look, each one of us can hurt the other if we're if we're sloppy, if we're lazy, if we're not prepared properly. But yeah, with me, it's clear and obvious that I don't let my opponents off the hook. Whether it's in the first round or it's the 12th round, it doesn't matter. If if I see you going a bit, if I see a wobble, if I see a break in your armor, then I'm going all out and I'm getting you out of there. Justice, do do you think he's just going to come and try and take your head off, or is there a bit more method to the madness? What do you think? I've got no idea. But, you know, I've done the preparation for this fight and, you know, that's all I can go off is that I'm as prepared as I can be and um I'm ready for war. Okay, let's get a few questions from the media. We've got a roaming mic. Here's Wally Downs from the Sun. Fabio, your original opponent was Jerel Miller. uh a check had passed and he was bizarre at that press conference. He was accusing you of a diss track. He he he tried to get physically aggressive. This is so different. How different do you feel in this scenario as opposed to what you might have been going into that one with Jerel? Yeah, look, they're they're each their own. Um I've had opponents in the past who have been loudmouthed and shouted and screamed and had a lot to say for themselves. And I've had other opponents who are just like justice, calm, collect, respectful, chilled. And neither of those approaches affects me. My the way I approach the fight, the way I prepare, the way I get ready for a fight is all the same. Um, if you want to be loud, if you want to be quiet, it doesn't matter. I'm still going to train just as hard. Prepare all the same and stay focused. And for Matram Frank, for the 5v5, you made a promise to be the tea boy in a French maid uniform if you got whitewashed. Have you done that yet? And if not, will you be doing any fake bets for this one as well? No, my MS said my legs didn't look too good in the stockings. Um, so she banned me from wearing the French maids outfit, but I will have a bet that if Fabio wins, I'll come to the office not dressed in a French maid's outfit, but I will make tea for the day. Okay, this time I'll actually I'll do it and then but Frank's got to put something forward from the Queensbury side in return because I'm very confident that Justice is going to do the real reason he didn't do it in the French maid uniform is because he didn't lose enough weight. But anyway, that hurt that one. I thought we were getting on. It was meant to. This is a This is water. Look, we're all looking. This This is going to be a great fight, you know. Number one fighting number one. BO number one, BA number one. You know, they know what's on the line. Their careers are on the line. It doesn't get any better that the backstory to this makes it a good fight. So, just don't miss it. Just be there on Saturday night. If you're not there, watch it on the zone worldwide. This is going to be a special special heavyweight fight. Okay. Next question from Ames, I believe, at seconds out. Hey, questions for Justice Honey. justice. One of the signatures of a Ben Davidson training camp who fably trains with is to do extensive research on the fights you've had previously, watching tapes of yourself, combinations, habits you throw, how much do you feel a potential opponent can have in taking what you've done previously in fights before? I feel like every fight I I step into, I change, you know, I grow from from each fight. Uh I learn my lessons and, you know, it makes me into a better fighter. So, you know, it'll be a different fighter than my last fight or the fight before that that's going to step into the ring on Saturday night. Question for Fabio as well. This is a different fight in the in a sense that not only is a stadium fight for yourself, but also you've got a baby on the way. How have you been able to balance the needs of being a professional fighter as well as a soon to be father? Yeah, it's been a it's been an interesting few months um all going off at once, but I've um I've been able to focus on the job at hand. Um credit to my misses in that sense. She's been able to just let me crack on and and get my job done. So, once Saturday night is ticked off, um it will be a full-on daddy daycare mode for the next few months. Okay, any more questions? Got one. If just introduce yourself, please. Uh Tom from Boxing Scene. This one's for Fabio. When you first walked into a white collar gym, did you ever think you'd get to this point? Uh, no, probably not. I didn't know what I didn't know what boxing had for me um or had in store for me when I first ever walked into a gym. Um, I just enjoyed the personal challenge of it all and and pushing myself and and testing myself against other people. Um, and then week after week, day after day, I just fell more and more in love with the sport and then just threw myself in it wholeheartedly and just let it take me and see where I ended up. Um, and yeah, a bit of commitment few years later and somehow um, headlined at Portman Road. The two Fraser Clark fights you had were very different. Are you prepared to go to the place you went in the first fight with that brutal 12 rounds? Yeah. Um, much probably to my uh to my trainers and my team's dislike, I do quite enjoy going there. They are the kind of fights I enjoy. Um but then flip it on its hat, the the second fight with Fraser goes to show how much I can plan, prepare, how much I can adjust myself, um and make the right changes to to get the the proper outcome on the night. So, I have all I have all sides to my game. Um, so I've got a bit of A and a bit of B and I'm sure we'll see both on the night. Okay, thank you. Final one from me. Uh, Justice and Fabio, I want to get your final prediction. And listen, feel free to say it to each other. You are sat meters apart. Tell them, Justice, tell Fabio what you're going to do on Saturday night. Fabio, I'm going to um come in there. Box smart. Uh give you a a boxing lesson. So yeah, I hope you come prepared and um I can't wait to share the ring with you. Over to you, Fabio. Justice, credit to you and the team for taking the fight. Um like great respect throughout and I'm looking forward to a good fight. There's a reason why we wanted you because we knew you're an entertaining fighter, but Saturday night is just not your night unfortunately for you. Um, there's no way that no one no one in boxing is coming to my town, my home stadium, and getting a win over me. I will make it my night. Uh, like I say, Saturday night, team Wley win. Team Wley knockout as always. Something I do special. Team Rooney wins. Um, look, tune in, watch it. It's going to be it's going to be something special. There's no way. Um, I'm letting Saturday night pass by without it being one for the books. My last couple of fights have been historic in their own rights and I'm looking to carry that on on Saturday night. Okay, thank you. Thank you everyone. Saturday night live from Portman Road on the global home of boxing don it is Wley versus Honey. It is running towards adversity. Let's get these fighters faced off for the final time today. Thank you. Okay, so it got a little bit tense. not too tense um towards the end because we are getting into that business period now and not long to go. Just over 48 hours till these men throw down. Um we know how heavy-handed Fabio is. We know how much of a complete fighter Justice Honey is. But I think it's fair to say, Alloys, both of them in the pro game haven't been at this level, the pair of them. Yeah, they both haven't. But they're there now in it. They're there now to to showcase their ability. They're there now to showcase who wants to be great. They're there to showcase who wants to be a world champion. And again, I'm pretty confident in my boy. And um I'm team Fabia all the way. Of course you are. Uh they're just squaring off now. I think Honey has a very strong jaw. Strong jaw. Yeah, a very strong jaw. I'm sure Fabia's going to test it. Absolutely. The size difference isn't ladies and gentlemen this I don't see a massive size difference event Saturday live worldwide on it's a battle of the undefeated 12 round scheduled for the vacant WBA interim heavyweight championship justice Honey versus Fabioho Wardley a little push right now would be lovely yeah I don't think we're going to get that between maybe between Frank Frank Smith after his comment there in the press. But yeah, it's all business. They're two very respectful guys. You obviously know Fabio very well. He's like a a brilliant ambassador actually for boxing. The way he carries himself justice from this buildup scene again, respectful, but when they throw down on Saturday, this is their their lives, their future this fight um sort of depends on and hinges on. So it's a serious serious fight at world