Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for four rounds in the super featherweight division. When the bell rings, our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Bob Williams. [Music] Introducing fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing black with pink and weighed in officially at 132.9 lbs. Coming to us from Guadalajara Haliscoco, Mexico. He is a veteran of 20 professional bouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Alexander El Tyson Morales and his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing white trimmed with silver and weighed in officially at 133.8 lb. Hailing from Upminster, Essex, England. He had a stellar amateur career and now is a professional is undefeated with six victories. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Billy Boom Boom Adams. [Applause] Okay, gentlemen, this is now four round contest. In the event of a knockdown, the fighter standing will go to the first tutorial stadium. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Well, here we go. The last fight on our prelims. Billy Boom Boom Adams versus Alexander Morales of Mexico. Morales in those black and pink shorts. Billy Adams just getting the gum shield put in place in the white shorts and white boots. Here we go. [Music] This one scheduled for four in the lightweight division. Adams boxing out that Southport stance. done a lot for himself in his boxing career so far. If you've been tuned in since the start, you'll know that he took himself off to America and went into the biggest, toughest, hardest gyms he could to get the biggest, toughest, hardest sparring he could. He's all about self-development and becoming the best fighter that he possibly can be. And that was a really nice one, two, and lead uppercut, which landed perfectly. He's nice. He's sharp. I like him. PD Allen's um done a little bit of sparring for this camp up at our gym at the peacocks and he looked he looked really good. He looked really good. Um so I'm you know sort of half excited about this fight and we're looking forward to a good performance from him. Nice tightening shots there from Adams in that southpaw stance of his. Morales, tough as they come. Never been dropped or stopped. Who's he box? Does he box anyone like um that's that's that's known at the moment. Um Biggy Adams or Morales Morales? No, I'm not I don't think so. I'm not sure. He does shape up well though. I do like the look of him. Yeah. Yeah. I think I saw him box show not long ago and he looked quite good. So this is a good fight for Adam. From memory was in the away corner of one of the Queensbury shows recently. And that was a good lead hook there from Adams. Really snuck that one in there. Swung it around in the Southpaw stance. Looks compact and composed. This is good steady work. It is. And he's he's boxing lovely with that jab as well. Looks why he's finding that that kind of bolo shot to the body of New. This is all off that jab. As we've been saying all night, me and Alex been saying all night. [Applause] Lovely job. [Applause] [Music] The jab is key as these guys have been going on about all night and rightly so. Everything comes off of it and good shots are coming off of it for Billy Adams here. He's got a good few have come to support him from Dagenham. He's a nice composed performance. I mean, he's just looking at his opponent. He's finding the shots. He's letting go with the jab. He's nice and patient. Good feet. I think I think that trip to the the the deep depths of where in America did he go? He went to Philadelphia, New York. New Jersey everywhere you can think really. Definitely definitely paid off. Good shots there from Adam. Stuck those hooks in as well. Good. He looks like a you know look a mature performer, doesn't he? Yeah. He looks like he's been around a long time. He he does and he's only he's only especially for six wins as well. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. He only had his own six packs in, but the performance has shown a lot of maturity. He he he's boxing off that jab. He's nice and patient. He's finding some good shots and he's using good footwork to step out of range when Morales is trying to come back. We saw a good boxing right there. So Loy's in that corner. He's got to be just more of a sunlight. Right. Let's see if he can keep composed, keep things moving in the right direction, keep that energy up, head on his shoulders, and he should go through the full round nicely. But you have got a lighter finally fronted in a Mexican Alexander Barales who we have seen over here in the UK before who is as tough as they come. Never been dropped, never been stopped. So we're doing very well to get him out of there. [Music] He knows how fast. He knows how to cut off the ring as well, which is nice. That's the skill that isn't it being able to cut it off properly. Definitely takes a lot of repetition. [Applause] Morales doing well to just not stay in the same place for too long. He felt the lead hook to the body there from Billy Adams and then thought second about staying there. And I think he's felt a little bit of that power and he won't be getting too close too soon. [Music] [Applause] Adam six fights into his professional career so fight. So far all six of them points decisions. [Applause] Oh, nice combination there. Oh, lovely jab. Oh, lovely jab again. Lovely jab there from Adams. Good control as well. He's holding his head down a little bit, which is a bit a bit naughty, but it's it's good. You half approved? Yeah, half. Good body work there. I fully agree with that. Good straight left hand there from Adams. That crouching stance. And this is becoming a little bit like target practice at times. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. [Applause] Yeah, Adams can't miss. So, Morales has just, you know, just opted to just hold his D up. Good straight left to the body. Oh, a lovely uppercut with a right hand. You just get whooped in there. I know. Just say it how it is. He just straight to the point. If you've just joined us, you're joined by myself, Darren Reese, Denzel Bentley, and Lloy Junior, who has got a oneliner up his sleeve. Let me tell you, I might not get a second chance coming back in. Well, this is the second time you've been with me, so third time, eh? Yeah, definitely got a third time. Good straight left hand down from Billy Adams. Very nice. Very calm. Round three. [Music] Billy Adams straight on that front foot in the southpaw stance just getting that jab away. He has a future. You can see that almost definitely. How old is he? I'm not quite sure of his age. He's a young man. I'm not sure on his exact age. Good. 22 years old. Actually, I did make a note of it. [Music] [Applause] So, you're a young man as well, Eloise. Welcome to the club. Welcome to the club. [Applause] [Music] What do you think his next fight will be? I think he step up. He's definitely surpasses this level by 10 points. Oh yeah. Yeah. But I think probably just activity. He's had six fights. I mean, he is a talent. You can see that. But, you know, you also probably don't want to rush him. You have to kind of gauge his level. He's outclassed his opponent by miles. I mean, he's he's shown real class. His jab has been good. Uppercuts, different shot selections, the movement has been it's been class. So he's just you got to find someone at this weight class at a level where you can not make him look good but just I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. What I'm saying you little gatekeeper. A little gatekeeper. Yeah. You don't want to rush him. You don't want to rush him. You want to keep him developing cuz when he's ready to get to that stage, he's going to be redot. He had 60 amateur fights or more. So, you know, he's he's been about a long time. 17 years he's been wearing boxing gloves. Wow. Long time. He's only 22. Yeah, he's been in the gym since the nipper. Nice hook there to the body. Followed it upstairs with a lead hook to the head. You know, I mean, a lot of fighters nowadays like to skip the southern area and English level. I think he can go down that route. That'd be perfect for him. I mean, at the weight class he's boxing at the the you want to just take the levels and that's a good way to get championship experience. Yeah. As as as you step up in levels as well. So, it's good. I wish I knew that in the day. He said back in the day like he's not only 32. Anyone think he's 42, but that was a good lead to hook there from Billy Adams. You you had that um that that step with when you put for the IBO. I can't say the guy's name. Orans. Orans Bari. You had that step. You know what I'm saying? That kind of challenge. He's a tough man. That Barack I think he's underrated. Honestly, I believe I believe right now he can win a European title. Absolutely. Yeah, that's the guy that wants to be. You you've had you've had good you've had good wins. That's the best opponent. I think you beat a good You've had good performances. You know what I'm saying? Better wins that. I need to get my revenge for my first guy. He needs to Oh, man. You're doing better than him. I know. I know. I want that. I want I want that. Well, one more round to go here this evening at Portman Road. And this is what's coming up. Nelson Husar versus Patrick Corte in the heavyweight division. Plenty of knockouts between the pair of them. Then it's Perez of Cuba versus Ward from Ireland. Then Lewis Richardson, the only medalist in the team GB Olympic cycle last time round. And then PSI the big bang who is got a bit of a Canelo style to him up against Liam Dylan. That is for the vacant super lightweight European title. Fair play to Dylan taking that two weights up and especially against PSI. That should be a good scrap. And then the main event is of course Favio Wardley who takes on Australia's Justice Honey. [Music] [Applause] Well, fourth and final round. Good work from Billy Adams. [Music] Good shot. He's letting his hands go now. Good shot. Billy Adams been sharp with that jab this evening. Good footwork there as he just slides across in that southpaw stance and lets that straight left hand go. Bag work. He's building nice very head and body. Morales just looks like he doesn't know where they're coming from a lot of the time, does he? He kind of just tucks up, elbows in, hands on his head, and then just kind of hopes for the best. Yeah, just braces for it. It looks like he's trying to touch the rain, bro. Good sturdy jab there from Adams. Big admir of Billy Adams's feet. He slides in and slides out really nicely. Just effortlessly actually. Very fluid. A great straight left hand there from Billy Adams as Morales just tried to make an entrance in. He caught him perfectly there. You get the feeling though, Morales is those one of those fighters. You can kind of hit him with everything in the kitchen sink and he still somehow keeps walking forward. Well, he he is young. You can see it in his face. He's very very young. There's a lot of that could be a reason for why he's still. He's got to work this family. We just threw a nice right hand there which just about got through under the left elbow of Billy Adams. [Applause] Had too much fun at this. Oh, good hands there from Billy Adams. One, two, rather. But the back hand, you can just see the pop in it. He's listening. I think he is. I think he can hear you, too. It's been a good performance from Boom Boom. Billy Adams, spiteful, unforgiving shots. Has chased his man around as Junior shouts to him to chuck in the kitchen sink. Not enough time to chuck the kitchen sink in for the good performance nevertheless. And tip of the hat to Alexander Morales, tough as they come, soaked up those shots left, right, and center. But it did look a bit like target practice at points. I hope you've enjoyed what you've seen so far. We've had some good fights. We've had some frustrating fights, but plenty more action continuing live on the zone in a moment. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after four rounds of boxing, our referee charge, Bob Williams, scores the contest 40-36 for your winner. And still undefeated, Billy Boom Boom Adams. [Applause] [Music] [Applause]