Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the official weighin for Running Towards Adversity. A great night of championship boxing tomorrow at Portman Road in Ipsswitch, England. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy Global Next Trade Uni Bet Flex Mise Business Loans and Vow Nutrition. A big thanks to those great sponsors. It will be broadcast live worldwide on the zone and tickets can be purchased at the Ipsswitch Town Football Club box office. Let's now get the weigh-in process started. Our first two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround women's lightweight contest. First we will welcome to the scale coming to us from Nadad Lab Czech Republic. She brings a professional record of three wins, six defeats. All three wins coming by way of knockout. Here is Katerina Devorakova. Our [Music] next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled four round super banttom weight contest. First to the scale from Salta Argentina. He has 16 professional bouts to his credit. Let's welcome Fernando Hain Valdez. [Music] 126.1 for Fernando Hain Valdez. Now to the scale from right here. Ipsswitch England undefeated with two wins. One of his two wins coming by way of knockout. A stellar amateur could be coming a two-time national champion. Here is Jack Williams [Applause] 120.14 for Jack Williams. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, these two competing tomorrow in a scheduled fourround super banttom weight contest. Nice. [Applause] Our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround super featherweight contest. Let's first welcome to the scale coming to us from Guadalajara Haliscoco, Mexico. He has 20 professional bouts. To his credit, let's welcome Alexander El Tyson Morales. [Music] 132. 132.9 for Alexander El Tyson Morales. Now we welcome to the scale from Upminster, Essex, England, a stellar amateur now undefeated as a professional with six victories. Here is Billy Boom Boom Adams. [Applause] 133.8 for Billy Boom Boom Adams. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, these two competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround super featherweight contest. Our [Applause] next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled eight round featherweight contest. Let's first welcome to the scale coming to us from Managua, Nicaragua. He brings a professional record of 12 wins, 13 defeats, one draw. Six of his 12 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is Moises the Panther Garcia. 129.13 for Moesus the Panther Garcia. Now to the scale from Ilford Essex, England undefeated with 11 wins, one win by knockout. Here is Umar Khan 127.15 for the undefeated Umar Khan. Nice. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, these two competing tomorrow in a scheduled eight round featherweight contest. Our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled eight round super welterweight contest. First to the scale from Ipsswitch, England. His professional record, seven wins with five defeats. Here is Gideon Juice Onani. [Music] [Applause] 159.10. 159.10 for Gideon Juice Onani. [Music] Now to the scale from London, England. His professional record 18 wins, just one defeat. Nine of his 18 wins coming by way of knockout. He is the current Commonwealth Super Welterweight Champion, Sam Magic Man, Gilly. [Applause] 160.8 for Sam Magic Man Key. [Music] I would I turn myself I was supposed to know. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, these two competing tomorrow in a scheduled eight round super welterweight contest. Our [Applause] next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled sixround middleweight contest. First to the scale from Narva Estonia, a veteran of 29 professional bouts. Here is Dimmitri Dimma Prounas. Here we go. Um, this is going to be the debut of a certain Lewis Richardson who you watched at the Olympics, bronze medalist, very upset not to be in the final. Thought he did enough to get there and but he's he's got a bit of everything. Really, really good fighter and I think a big talent as well. He's turning over reasonably late in his career, so I imagine he'd want to do it very very quickly, whatever he does, but nice kid and he can really fight. amateur career proudly representing Brit probably hear by the noise as well. He's got a bit of fans there as well as you say turnover relatively late. What is he 27? I think so. So if he's good enough, they're going to fast track him. Ladies and gentlemen, that's a stack division as well. Richard, [Applause] I spoke to him a couple of days ago and he's like he wants to be fast tracked. Yeah, I think if there's a route, he's taking it. He has to be at his age. I mean, I imagine the objective is to become a world champion. When you're winning the bronze man in the Olympics, then you want to become a world champion as a pro. And um he is turning over a little bit later than than the normal guys, but he's got that amateur pedigree behind him. Now, it's about adapting to the pro game and and I think I think potentially he can go a very long way. I was going to ask you that because obviously look, the amateurs and pros, same sport, some say different sport, right? In terms of his style, does it suit the pro game? Um well yeah as as he's not an out fighter but he can fight a little bit. He's a more of a boxer than a fighter but Lucas Stale will have to adapt and change as he progresses through the ranks and I think he he has a little bit of it all. Okay. And this is where the journey starts and makes his debut on a cracking card as well. I mean he makes his debut on a stadium fight. It's not a bad place. It's not bad is it? No going back from that. Let's hear from the young man Lewis Richardson. He's with Dean. Okay. Okay. Lewis Richardson. I mean, we have been waiting and waiting for this moment. 24 hours to go. What are the thoughts? What are the emotions right now? It's nearly go time, baby. I'm looking forward to it. Thanks for everyone showing out today and um yeah, excited to get cracking. What are you looking forward to the most? There's going to be so much tomorrow night. What are you looking forward to the most? Just to be back in the ring, you I love I love I love what I do and um I always, you know, prepare the best way possible. Always in good great shape, feeling both mentally and physically really strong and just ready to put a show on, ready to show everyone, you know, off the back of a successful Olympics last year what I'm about. And um yeah, it's beautiful to be so close to so close to home in Ipsswitch and um yeah, hopefully the IPS people get behind me and also the Colchester people. Best of luck. We are all behind you. Top man. Thank you, Lewis Richardson. Ladies and gentlemen, our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a schedule 10 round contest. It will be for the vacant WBA Intercontinental Cruiserweight Championship. Let's first welcome to the scale from Belfast, Northern Ireland. He brings a professional record of 15 wins, three defeats, five wins. Coming by way of knockout, here is Steven the Quiet Man Ward. Here we go. Really, really intriguing fight in the cruiserweight division. It feels like only yesterday we saw Steven Ward. That was a really good performance last time out against Tommy McCarthy. And he's back in the ring. Three months. That's a quick turnaround. Yeah, it is. Especially for Stevie who hadn't been that active up until that point and he was searching for a fight. He got the fight with Tommy McCarp and he took it and he looked really good in that fight as well. Knock knock knock Tommy McCarp out. Stevie wouldn't typically be the biggest puncher in the world but good win for him. The guy he's fighting, Mike Perez, there was a time a few like he's been around forever, made his debut back in 2008. There was a time when everyone really thought he could be the next thing even in the heavyweight division. Uh this guy can really really fight and that that's the thing. He was campaigning at heavyweight but he was never a heavyweight but he was not a decent level of opponents out really good. I remember the hype about him when he arrived in Ireland. He was based in Ireland for a long time. It seems like forever ago but the guy can really fight. It's a dangerous fight for Stevie. He needs to be so switched on at the very start and just the free defeats but you have to look at the names of the free defeats. I mean he lost to Pvkin. Yeah. He lost to Marius Braders. Do you know what I mean? in competitive. Some of them were competitive as well to defeat. He can really really fight. But I think that that Stevie is a massive underdog. He understands that if he's smart and switched on the first three, four rounds, who knows what will happen to the 39year-old in the second half of the fight. I was going to ask that. Is the equalizer here age? Yeah, I think so. Steviey's a a consmate professional. He's he's not the youngest guy in the world. I think Stevie may be 34, but lives the life. always fit, always in shape, doesn't mess about in between fights. Um, so in terms of years, actual years, he's a lot younger, but in terms of their physicality and their bodies and and what they've went through in fights, Steve is a lot younger and fresher. I think we always say this, there's always a fight on the card that almost disappears within a card and I feel like this is it. But all of a sudden, as we get closer, a lot of people are looking at this one as something that might steal the show. It really could sort of just go fireworks immediately. Yeah, it's a good fight. Like I said, Stevie, he's in a in a good run of form at the minute. He had the best win of his career last time out. He's a a lot bigger than Mike Perez. We can see here just with them stand beside each other. But Mike Perez is used to fighting big guys. He knocks them out. A lot of things he'll need to be on his game. Very very switched on from start to finish. Again, you mentioned that both of them are based in Ireland. Would they have sparred each other? Maybe. I'm not sure. You know, I I I don't know. Ste, I think Stevie would have probably told me if they had sparred, but um yeah, like I said that the Enigma, there was a few Cubans come over at the same time. Um Perez was one of them. Uh Lewis Garcia, not the Liverpool player, he was another one. And there was one more, but they they can all really fight. But there's a thing about Cubans when they get out of Cuba, sometimes they don't live the life. They like to have a bit of fun as well. And I'm hoping I'm hoping Perez is taking this one a bit lightly. Again, really, really good fight. We are going to hear from both. I think Steven Ward first again coming off that really good win against Tommy McCarthy. He's with Dean. Okay, Steven Ward. That's the face off there with Mike Perez. A few verbals. What was said up there? What after shave you wearing? And what after shave is he wearing? Oh, I don't know. That's what I'm saying. He was asking me. No. Um, no. It was good. It was good. Uh, just we're both fixated. We're both ready to go. Now, you've said before that you need those sorts of fights right now that give you the nerves. Give you that little tingle. What are the nerves like right now? Yeah, they're good to control. Camp's one well. We've trained well. It's been a good performance. I feel like I'm on a real a real flow at the minute and I'm just excited to test myself against Pers. How much would it mean to you to pick up the win tomorrow night? Massive. I will. I'll pick a win tomorrow. I'll do it for me. I'll do it for my family. I'll do it for all the ones that have been backing me for years and years, which I always appreciate. Best of luck to you, Steven W. And thank you. Thank you. Okay, make some noise for the quiet man, Steven Ward. Let's hear from Mike Perez. Uh, there was talk up there about after shave. Nice to see you. Uh, what after shave is he wearing? What after shave are you wearing? What's going on? Uh, after shave? Yeah. Why smell good? Um, I think sound or something. What What did you say to each other up there? Are you trying to get in his head a little bit? Nah, I just playing. I just, you know, it's nothing personal like I said yesterday, you know. I just playing. He's a nice guy. I just I just respect him. I thank him for for taking the fight and just give me the opportunity to fight and be such a platform, you know. So, I just can't wait. I I just can't wait to just put the performance that I always do and just bring that back home. Your last three fights have ended in the first round. How many rounds are we going to get tomorrow if it all goes your way? Uh hopefully more than the last fight. So, we see, you know, like I'm I'm ready for for anything. Um I have trained in this like for eight long months you know so I am ready for anything even if I had to go 10 round 12 round 24 round but like I try to take the fight as quick as possible like always. Best of luck to you Mike Perez. Thank you. Okay Mike Perez. Ladies and gentlemen, our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a scheduled 10 round contest. It will be for the WBO European Heavyweight Championship. Let's first welcome to the scale the challenger coming to us from Essen, Germany. He breaks a professional record consisting of 22 wins, four defeats, one draw, 18 of his 22 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is Big Patrick Cortez. M every fight card should have a couple of heavyweight fights in it. Like just just that should be in the contract. Yeah, cuz they always bring the action. It's exciting. Both of these guys can bang a lot as well. Patrick Corte um eagle-eyed viewers will remember that he fought Huey Fury last year and got stopped I think in a couple of rounds. So for him it's almost he lives by the sword, dies by the sword. Yeah. I mean both of these guys have decent records. I mean the the high knockout ratios. Um I'm looking forward to a good fight. I don't know too much about him if I'm being honest, but we'll see. We'll see. Knock out. Here is the highly ranked reigning and defending WBO European Heavyweight Champion Nelson, the Albanian evil. This guy doesn't do overtime. Nelson Husa. They're trying to fast track him because he's 40. Yeah. Uh 22 fights, 22 wins, 20 knockouts. Yeah. It's a great record, isn't it? And it's a big platform for him to look good. I mean, I'm a boxing fan. I don't know too much about him, but I imagine there's a lot of other people in the UK that are in a similar boat to me, but they'll know about him tomorrow night if he puts on a good performance, which I know he'll be looking to do. Massive fan base in the Albanians. They bring them out, don't they? We've seen it before. Yeah, we have seen it with Florian Mark who's a great example. They will follow you. But again, They're thinking he can do something and they're trying to get him a big name and this is the platform to showcase what he's got. And I think the hope then is to get him on the Wembley card. Okay. To see if he can really step it up against someone of note. That's the plan anyway. It all needs to go well for him here tomorrow night and and look good. And then obviously if if that's the plan and I know he's he's linked up there's some sort of link to the Warren as well. So they'll be they'll be looking after him. Um but a win here look good, you know, a credible name in his next fight and and who knows what happens. Exactly. Exactly. We are waiting to hear from him. Obviously, he's doing what you used to do, Carl, and take your time, make the fighters wait, put on trainers, laces up. Even though, you know, I always had to put my trainers on cuz it was always shorter and everyone so used the extra bit. We are going to hear from Nelson. But we are going to get a face off first. Let's see the two gents. Let's see the stair down. [Music] Once again, ladies and gentlemen, these two competing tomorrow in a schedule 10 roundup contest for the WBO European Heavyweight Championship. [Music] I can guarantee you this one doesn't go more than three rounds. This is Well, that's that's what I'm looking forward to. We want to see knockouts, Eddie, don't we? We want to see knockouts. All right, let's hear from Nelson Husa. He's on the stage with Devani. Okay, Nelson Husa, look at this. How much are you looking forward to this? You've been waiting for a big stage to make a statement, haven't you? Yes. And first of all I want to start with one thank for Queensberry promotion George and Frank Warren and also for the all the Warren family and after I want to say that it's I wait too much for this time and I I work too much for this match. So I think and I hope I I will do all my best and to show to show the that I am the European champion and I want to go more and I want to win the world the first world uh championship for Albania. Well, you've got 20 knockouts from your 22 wins. It's quite the record. Are you expecting to knock out Patrick Corte tomorrow? Also Patrick Corte is a good opponent. Too much knockouts. We hope to do very good fights and we I want to win. This is more important that and yes I I hope to to win with one beautiful knockout. Best of luck to you Nelson. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Our next two fighters competing tomorrow in a schedule 12 round contest. It will be for both the WBC International and Vacant EBU European Super Lightweight Championships. We will first welcome the challenger from London, England. His professional record consists of 15 wins, two defeats, one draw, three wins. Coming by way of knockout, he is the former British, English, and Southern Area Champion and current Commonwealth Silver Lightweight Champion, Liam Dylan. [Music] There was a time when Liam Dylan was on a bit of a tear. Um, and then he ran into Rhys Botti. Yeah. And it's kind of stuttered since then. Reese Balotti lost the Ryan Garner defeat as well. He's now jumping up a couple of weight classes. Um he actually looks good to be fair on the scale. I do wonder about that kind of the double jump he's doing. I think so. I think it's going to be an issue and the fact that he's fighting a very good fighter in Pierce that also makes it doubly more difficult for him. But I like Liam Dylan style. I like how he fights. He's always an exciting fight. But you know the old cliche there is levels in this game. And I think that the pierce the level above and weights above as well. Pierce back in 2024. That really good win over Dar Foley. Yeah, Pierce can fight. Really, really can fight. Puncher, big puncher. Maybe a bigger puncher than his record suggest he is. Um, good boxing IQ as well. Knows his way around the ring. I I think he could be the next kind of standout star behind Uncle Kati and again like a lot of fighters on these cars, they've been waiting for that big opportunity. I mean, tomorrow is is chief support. Yeah. you know, in front of over 20,000. That's your opportunity. Absolutely. It is. It's a huge platform for every all these guys that are getting the TV slot. But I I think that talking about their stage, I have a feeling that that Pierce Oiri can look really good in this fight for a long as long as he wants and then I do think he he'll get the stoppage at some point. Liam Dylan is a is a top tough guy, but he's jumping up two way divisions to fight a very good fighter in Pierce. I think we're going to see because of Dylanstead. I think we're going to see a special performance from Pierce. Yeah. Stylistically, it's it's a good match up for Pierce Li. I think so. He can fight as you say, he can punch. I mean, he's nicknamed Big Bang for a reason. Yeah. I think once he starts sitting on these shots, and I think you I think this is always a wee bit of a a tactic. Putting them glasses on. You don't want to hit him, you know. tomorrow at a scheduled 12 round contest of WBC International and they EVU European Super Lightweight Championships. I think the feeling is this is going to be as good for as long as it lasts. I think so. I think Dylan's going to come and he's going to try and and be aggressive and and and mark Pierce down. But I think that suits Pierce and I think he's going to look really good tomorrow night. [Music] I like it. A longer than usual stare down. Always wonder if this means anything. Like a psychology thing. It doesn't absolutely nonsense. Everyone used to think, "Oh, look at look, he looked away first. He's losing tomorrow night." What a lot of nonsense. All right, we are going to hear from both fighters. Let's hear from former British super featherweight champion Liam Dylan. Okay, Liam Dylan. Biggest fight of your career, biggest weight of your career as well. How does it feel up at super lightweight for you? Yeah, I feel a lot more comfortable. I feel great. I had the best cam of my life. Ready to put on an upset tomorrow. This ain't new to me being the underdog. So, I'm ready to bring the win home. What is it going to take to get it done? Because he's very highly rated. A lot of people are saying a lot of things about Pierce Ori. He's a great fighter, but you're going to come across great fires at this level. I've boxed great fires my whole career and yeah, again, this ain't new to me. Best of luck to you, Liam Dylan. Thank you so much. Okay, let's hear from the big bang. Pierce Ori, this is the belt that you've wanted to win. It's around there, the European title. How much are you looking forward to this moment? First and foremost, I want to thank Frank and George for getting me on this card um in front of all these amazing fans that come out here today just to see the way in. And it's going to be 10 times bigger tomorrow night. The belt, it's always something that I wanted. And um finally getting the opposition now to fight for it and ready to bring that back to me homeland in Dublin. Frank Warren refers to you as Superman and and Clark Kent. I noticed you've got the glasses on at the moment. So this is Clark Kent. When do we see Superman? So you see man, tomorrow night when them hands are getting wrapped, you'll see a whole different strategy and you'll have Joe going in me ear telling me what to do and I'm going out there to execute it. How does this fight go? It doesn't matter which way it goes. Once I perform that's all I have to do and then we be we go all going back to Dublin and we raving on for another big title then please God. Best of luck, Pierce. Big Bang O Larry. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, our main event tomorrow will be a battle of the undefeated scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the vacant WBA interim heavyweight championship of the world. It is being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry in association with Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing Platform Sports Tasmin Fighters and Gold Star Promotions. Let's first welcome to the scale coming to us from Brisbane, Australia. He brings an undefeated record with 12 wins. Seven of his 12 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the highly ranked, undefeated former Australian champion and current WBO Global and IBF pan Pacific heavyweight champion Justice Honey. very softly spoken Justice Hoon, but he's come here for business. Honestly, he's taking this fight and he's ready and he's thinking he's going to pull off the upset and look, everyone's excited about him. Frank Smith's here from Matram, they're very excited about him. He's a lot he's built like a heavyweight. A lot of people within the games give him a chance, you know. Um I I I still favor Fabio. I think Fabio's the favorite in the fight. I don't see it as white as the bookies, but Honey can really fight smart heavyweight. And now let's welcome to the scale from right here in Switch England. He's undefeated with 18 wins, one draw, 17 of his 18 wins coming by way of knockouts. Currently ranked number one by the WBA. Here is the undefeated former British, English, and Commonwealth heavyweight champion, Fabio Wardley. [Applause] Dream come true there's for Fabio Wardley fighting in his hometown. Not just his hometown, but the stadium as well. Portman Road live on the zone tomorrow evening. You heard Thomas Driver say he's ranked number one with the WBA. He wins this one. He's in line. I mean the he's in line going from where where he's came from 10 years ago. He was fighting on a white collar scene and and now he's on the verge of fighting one of the big guys. It's a big night, big opportunity for Fabio. All the pressure is on him though. You got Honey coming in with plenty of time, but people are saying it's a short notice fight. It's not really. It's six week he had. So it's plenty of time. Um, but it's a a very different fight than another fight. We haven't seen Fabio for a long time. It feels like that. Anyway, that one round demolition was October. Yeah, it was a while. So, he's been out the ring for a while. And let's not forget, he's been in a few tough fights as well. Yeah. Fights like that and fights like especially the first Fraser Clark fight, they they they take years off your life, never mind your career. So, well, let's I still have him as a favorite in this fight tomorrow night, but let's see what happens. Well, I guess you could say the same thing about Justice though. The battle was asking for more noise. He's got more noise. Justice that fight against Kevin Lena. Yeah, he was up against Lena. Yeah, it was a good win for him, but he was hurt in that fight. And look, Lorena, we seen Lena hurt Daniel. So, obviously, he can punch, but I don't think anyone that Hood's fought punches as hard as Fabio Wardley. I have a feeling we're going to see Fabio behind in this fight at a point, but then get the stoppage. I'm not sure when, but Honey Hood has enough updates. Can't wait for this one. A big big fight in the heavyweight division. This has so many implications as to what everyone does next. Fabio Wardley unbeaten. The one draw on that against Fraser Clark. He avenged that draw immediately in the return first round knockout. Justice Honey unbeaten as well. So someone's has got to go. That's what they say in the trade. Yeah. And you know what? It's a good fight for the boys. A lot of times when you see a fight or lose and then maybe that's their career over. People talk about it all the time, but the winner of this fight can go on to big big and better fights. The loser their career can still progress and they can get the the loser could potentially still become a world champion, which is the mad thing about this fight. All right, let's hear from Justice Hon with Deon. Okay, Justice Honey. I mean, we're nearly there now. 24 hours to go. The crowd really riled up for Fabio. What's going through your mind right now? Love it. I love it. You know, I'm soaking it all up and um embracing it. I can't wait for tomorrow night. Time to have some fun. It feels like that's just a sample of what is to come tomorrow night. Are you ready mentally for that kind of reaction? Of course. Like I said, I love it and um yeah, I'm going to embrace it and soak it all up. You've talked about how you took this fight to really get your name out there. Not enough people have been talking about you. What do you think people will be saying about Justice Honey tomorrow night? I took this fight on six weeks notice and um I'm here now. You know, the hard work is done. Time to go out there and have some fun and um show this side of the world what I'm about. He says to beat him, you're going to have to pick up the ring canvas and stick it right on top of him. You prepared to do that? I'm ready. I done. That's all I've been thinking about in training, you know, picking that ring up and um putting it right on top of him. Best of luck, Justice. Hon. Cheers, brother. Thank you. Okay, let's hear from Fabio Wardley. Fabio, does it feel real yet? It's getting there. It's getting there. Things are This this crowd here is uh just giving you a little taste of what's going to go on tomorrow night. This is incredible. I mean, the mayor of Ipsswitch is here. Ipsswitch have turned out. Are there any nerves? This is a bit different, right? Nah, no nerves. This is this is everything I've asked for, everything I've wanted for the last few years between me, the team, Frank, the club, and everyone wanted to bring this dream together. And we're only hours away. So, yeah. Look, tomorrow night is going to be huge. There there you go. Listen, everything this week has been on your doorstep. You're walking around town. It's not like a normal fight week. At what point have you got to make sure you switch on? You're not at home anymore. You know, you got to fight. Yeah, look, it's um it's been a nice relaxed fight week, easing into all of the events, seeing all familiar faces, family, friends all around me. But don't worry, the switch will get flicked on the night. And when it does, how is this fight going to go tomorrow night? Fabio, come on, Deb. You know what I do? Everyone in this building knows what I do. The fight is always entertaining. There's never been a boring Fabio Wardley fight. And one way or another, we're getting that knockout. And finally, Fabio, what about a message for all of these guys? Just a massive thank you. Thank you to everyone here. Thank you to everyone that's bought a ticket. And see you all tomorrow. Fabio Waldley.