Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for eight rounds and it will be for the vacant Commonwealth Silver Phantom Weight Championship brought to you by Frey Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors Riot Season that prize Sky Global Next Trade 32 Red and Unity Met. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control, Stewart in charge, John Swanson, along with the Commonwealth Boxing Council. Our referee in charge and scoring the contest will be Kevin McIntyre. [Applause] Introducing to you first, fighting out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing white with black and winning it officially at 120.7 lbs. Coming to us from Dagen, England, he is undefeated with five wins and two draws. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Kareem Aos and his opponent across the ring in this championship contest fighting Alfield Blue Corner. He comes to the ring wearing gray, black, and orange and green officially at 121.8 lb. Hill from Shots, Scotland. He is undefeated with eight wins. Five of his eight wins come by way of knockdowns. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the current WBC Youth Intercontinental Super Vantamweight Champion, Marcus Silver. Right lad want to see a good clean contest my command the whole time defend yourselves the whole time let's go to [Applause] &gt;&gt; well here we go the energy in the arena has certainly gone up a notch eight minute rounds &gt;&gt; in the super bantamweight division the last time we saw Marcus Southerntherland who's boxing in those gray in black shorts was on the undercard of Josh Taylor's last fight where he fought a guy called Dylan Nixon who was absolutely huge and he knocked him out and he's done it plenty of times before. He's got a proper nononsense style. He likes going forward and letting his hands go. But as I said, as I said, Kim Agis is up for it. Yeah, they've got straight to business here. Usually in the first round, they'll have a good look, but no, they're getting right to work straight away. &gt;&gt; Staying busy on his feet is Southerntherland. Well supported. He's taken his time a little bit more than what we've seen him or how we've seen him fight previously. &gt;&gt; Yeah, seen him last time out and he was impressive as you said, but um Agnes, yeah, he's undefeated himself. He's not come here to &gt;&gt; he's not come here to get beat and lose that O. Nice jab upstairs and then sunk that right hand into the body. Did Southerntherland? &gt;&gt; Yes. On this other side as well there on the left hook. Nice. &gt;&gt; They've gone straight down the business these two lads here. They've not really done much feeling out. They've kind of started. It's kind of been a high level by Southerntherland. He caught a on the right side of his temple and he now finds himself in the corner and a barrage of punches are coming in and the referee needs to see something come back and that is all he wants to see and yet again Marcus Southerntherland wins by stoppage in an opening round and yet another exciting Scottish prospect to look forward to in boxing. Yeah, it was a cracking right hand. What started that stop with Jock? You know, there was an exchange of shots. Siblin landed the right hand and that was it. &gt;&gt; Impressed, Josh. Yeah, impressed. Very impressed. You know, I thought they were going to ease their way into that fight there, but they kind of got straight to it. Could go straight to business. So, yeah, it was a great shot. Obviously, hit him on the top of the head with that shot and then that was the end of it. But, yeah, that was a that was a great finish. &gt;&gt; Like you said, like with all the fights we've seen tonight so far, there is always a lot of feeling out. you know this kind of gauging the distance. These two just kind of planted their feet and just started letting shots go, didn't they, Zach? &gt;&gt; Yeah, they did. Two undefeated fighters again though, you know, eight rounder. They've gone in there and what would put a stamp on the division I suppose, you know, at this stage in their career and they've gone in there, got straight to business and he got hit with that right hand and that was the the end of it. You know, it was a shame, but it looked like it were going to all to be a cracking fight, but Southerntherland had other ideas. &gt;&gt; He certainly did. And fair play to Kajis who obviously didn't know he was going to be fighting Marcus Southern until very short notice. Got in there and really had a go. He was well and truly up for it. But Marcus Southerntherland comes out victorious in this one with a first round stoppage. That is a good statement to make especially with Frank War and watch him the super bantamweight division especially domestically will have their eyes wide open but here's Thomas Triber with the official time. [Music] &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 58 seconds of round number one. Our red charge Kevin McIntyre stops the contest. Therefore, winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated. And now the Commonwealth Silver, Super Bum Champion, Marcus Silver. [Applause] around. [Applause]