Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the final press conference for Peer Pressure, a great night of championship boxing this Saturday at the Bournemouth International Center. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry in association with Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red Uni Bet that Prize Guy and Global Next Trade. A big thanks to those great sponsors. Well, a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this great event will be shown live worldwide on the zone. Let's now welcome the participants already seated. First from Slow, Hassan Shooter Isach from London, Tony Lightning, Curtis Jr. [Applause] from Coventry, West Midlands. Amir Abu Baker [Applause] from Northampton. Carl the chosen one. Fail [Applause] from Lewisham, Southeast London. Ellis Zorro from London, Alloys the Animal Jr. [Applause] And ladies and gentlemen, we are very honored to have with us here today one of the greatest fighters of all time, none other than the legendary Hall of Famer Roy Jones Jr. [Applause] And now we hand things over to your host, Mr. Devani. Thank you. Thank you, Thomas Triber. Well, hello ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Bournemouth for the final press conference ahead of a cracking night of championship boxing this Saturday. And the main event is very simply one of the most violent fights that you can make in the super featherweight division in this country. The unbeaten European champion Ryan the Piranha Garner is back stalking the shores of Bournemouth. He wants to add British and Commonwealth titles to his collection. But to get them, he's going to have to swim in the deepest waters that he's ever been in. Waiting for him in those waters is Reese Bomber Belotti with dynamite in his fists. It's the latest in a growing catalog of brilliant Queensbury versus matchroom specials. And whilst Ryan Garner has bludgeoned his way to 17 fights without any defeats, Reese Balotti has boxed at a higher level. is in the form of his life and has a habit of taking unbeaten records. So the question heading into Saturday is very simply, is it feeding time for the piranha or will the bomber blow him out of the water? Find out all the answers Saturday night live and exclusive on the global home of Boxing Done from the soldout Bournemouth International Center. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Ghana versus Botti. This is peer pressure. And as you can see from this table, from everyone that Thomas Tribe just introduced, there's a there's so much going on. There's a Queensbury debuts, there's professional debuts. I'm going to start with a young man, Hassan Ishach, who is making his professional debut. Now, Hassan, I speak to your coach H. He's your coach and your manager. I speak to him all the time. And every time I see him, he tells me, Dev, I've got one. I've got one. I've got something special. Are you that special kid? Talk to us. &gt;&gt; 100% man. I'm excited to be here. You know, as an amateur, this is what you train for. This is what you dream of. Turn pro. I'm here with Queensbury. So, I want to thank Frank Warren Cresby promotion for this opportunity. And come Saturday, you're going to see what I'm about. &gt;&gt; I saw you had like a launch event as well. It looked like uh Hamza Shiraz was there, Adam was there. You were getting messages from Anthony Joshua and all sorts. It feels like you got a lot of backing heading into Saturday, my friend. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a lot of support, man. We've got a big crowd coming down. I can't wait to showcase my skills in front of them. Hopefully, get some new fans as well. &gt;&gt; So, why is now the right time to turn pro? &gt;&gt; You know, it is. As an amateur, always had a pro style. People were telling me to turn pro when I was 18, but I just waited it out a bit, you know, built some man strength and now I'm ready. &gt;&gt; I've watched a few videos of you. I can see all sorts of things. I can see you doing that that Mayweather defense. I can see you just knocking people out and they're going to sleep. What What can we expect? And what would you say that your fighting style is like? &gt;&gt; I feel like me as a fighter, I'm an all round fighter. I can do it all. I'm explosive. I can I can box slick. I can block box in the inside. Come Saturday, we're going to see. &gt;&gt; Okay, we wish you the very best of luck on your pro debut. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's move on to a young man making his Queensbury debut, which is Tony Curtis. But before I speak to him, let's speak to the man sat next to him, so wonderfully introduced by Thomas Triber here. Simply one of the greatest fighters of all time, Roy Jones Jr., you will be coaching Tony Curtis. How did this union come about? Tell us, how have we ended up with Roy Jones right here in Bournemouth talking about Tony Curtis? &gt;&gt; It's crazy how God works, but you never know what God has in store for you. So, you always keep your eyes and your ears open and good things come along. I was in Dubai to saw a kid working out who looked like he had a lot of talent, uh, a lot of promise to him. As I was in there, he asked me how to throw that book. So, I showed him, he picked it up right away. I was like, "Okay, some some grown people can't do." Uh, so as I was leaving, he asked me my number. I gave him my number and I thought that be the last time I heard. However, about a year later, 6 months later, I get a call from, "Hey, can can I come train with you?" I said, "Sure." So, his dad sent him to me and we've been going ever since. &gt;&gt; And just how special is this young man? He's been he's been he's been a pro since he turned 16. I mean, he's been around a little while now. How special is he from what you've seen? &gt;&gt; He's very special. Um, he showed me things in the first fight he had in Mexico. I thought he won the fight. They didn't give it to him, but he showed me things in that fight that I don't see in a lot of grown men that I train. And that was that he has the will, the desire, and the heart to become to become a world champion. So, as of now, I'm going to go ahead and tell y'all I see him becoming a multi-weight division champion. It's just a matter of time. &gt;&gt; Wow. I mean, this this is incredible. I mean, uh it look, it's great to have you in Bournemouth. Great to have you with Tony. Tony, let me bring you in here. This is a this is a big day for you. I can't believe you've already had so many fights at just 19 years old. Tell me what you're thinking sat there. Big moment. You got Roy Jones with you hyping you up. Talk to us, Tony. &gt;&gt; Well, look, it's a big thing. It's I can't put it into words. It's what I've dreamed about since I was a kid, you know. Um been I've been here with Roy now for three years. We dreamed about this in Mexico, didn't we, Roy? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; That's that's all I can say about how I feel to be honest. &gt;&gt; You turned pro at 16 years old. This is not something that we see every day. Like you're sat there 19, you've already had 11 fights. Give us a little glimpse into that journey, why you decided to go that route rather than the the amateur route. Tell us. &gt;&gt; It's the same as um Hassan just said over there. Yeah, I had a pro star at a very young age. Roy said to me, "There's no point going back to an amateur style." So, we thought we'll give it a go in Mexico. And from what I've seen, Tony, you uh I mean, you're there with the sunglasses on today. I've seen a few clips. Looks like you got a bit of raasmataz, a bit of showboating. I've seen you talk to your opponents as well. Looks like you're you have a bit of fun in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you got to have fun. I mean, you got to have fun what you do. &gt;&gt; And what have you learned from Roy Jones? Oh, I've learned everything. I'm like a sponge when I'm training with him. You got you got to soak everything in, didn't you? Just like you said, as minute I see him, I went up to him and I asked him about his left hook. &gt;&gt; And I understand you met Frank when you was just a a young nipper as well and you told him, "Get your checkbook ready." Tell us about that. &gt;&gt; Well, look, I say Frank, I was a young kid. I had a lot of confidence, you know, uh I just said to him, "Look, yeah, like he just said, get your checkbook ready, Tommy. Get your bags pack, Frank. We're here. My bags pack." &gt;&gt; Good man. All right, best of luck to you. Thank you Tony. Thank you Roy Jones as well. Let's move on to a brilliant fight between two unbeaten fighters. Midlands Area title on the line, British title eliminator Carl Fail and Amir Abu Baker. Brilliant fight here. Carl, let me bring you in. You've wanted the step up for a little while. You've been you've been out injured, but you're back now and you're going straight in with a man who calls himself the Kurdish knockout king. How are you feeling about this one? Um yeah, Dev, I'm I'm excited. You know, this is what I'm in boxing for. I've been in boxing a long time now. I'm 28 years old and um yeah, I'm in boxing for these for these titles. I can't look past this fight. It's a big fight. It's a big domestic fight and like you said, it's a British title eliminator, but for me, my sole focus is on Saturday night. &gt;&gt; Dangerous fight as well, though. I don't know if you've seen much of Amir Rabbaker. I have. I've been watching a few videos and he seems to uh seems to really carry a punch. I mean, every fight's dangerous. It's how you deal with it. I'm not really focusing on him. I'm focusing on myself and how I box and how I conduct myself. &gt;&gt; How do you get the job done then? What's the difference? Why Why are you going to be the the uh Midlands area champion Saturday? &gt;&gt; I'm just going to do what I do best. I'm going to go out there going to adapt every round and and um come out with victory, whatever way, whether that's points or whether it's inside the distance. &gt;&gt; Well, let's get your opponent's view on all of this. Amir Abu Baker, nice to see you. Uh, and you too have been waiting for an opportunity to grab. This is it. This is a a great platform, great show to be on and a brilliant unbeaten opponent. What's going through your mind? &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks for having me first of all. And, you know, even though we had three weeks notice for this fight, I was more than happy to take it. You know, we signed a contract straight away. And respect to Carl as well. You know, I respect every British fighter. This is a hard game. Real hard hard game. I have nothing personally against him. And I'm sure after the great performance we put on on Saturday, we're going to shake each other's hand and walk away. And I'mma do this the same thing I do every fight. You know, I just I'll do my work. I'll leave it in God's hands. And yeah, I look forward to Saturday night. You're going to see probably &gt;&gt; the best fight of the night in my opinion. &gt;&gt; You've got one common opponent from what I saw, which is Sergeo. Cole, you went the distance with Sergeo. Listen, he's he's a tough tough guy. Takes many fighters the distance, but Amir, you were able to actually stop him and and really do a number on him. Is that a kind of a bit of a a difference here? Is your power a differential heading into Saturday, Air? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, everyone talks about my power. So then I started calling myself the Kurdish knockout king. But what I've realized in boxing like when you don't actually look for the knockout, you get the knockout. So yeah, I'm not going to go looking or hunting or anything like that. And the knockout is the same thing that happened with Serge. I wasn't looking for the knockout when I was boxing him. You know, I started piecing him up and the knockout just came. You know, opportunity presented itself and I landed a clean uppercut and yeah, I've dropped many people. So, you know, Serge isn't a crazy standout to me, but yeah, he's a tough fighter. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like the knockout will come on Saturday? &gt;&gt; Well, tune in, you'll find out. &gt;&gt; Cole, you are a tremendous amateur, right? couple of silver medals in the Europeans and uh how much of a factor is all of that pedigree, all of that experience? Bit of a golden boy in the amateurs you were. &gt;&gt; Um I try not to look too much into that. I feel like the amateurs, the amateurs, we're in the professional game now. Um but what I will say is working down the peacock gym, we work hard. We work really hard and uh and um you're going to see the best car fail Saturday night. &gt;&gt; What's the uh what's the kind of final prediction here? You going to get it done within the distance? &gt;&gt; A car fell victory. &gt;&gt; Okay, Amir Carl, thank you very much. Brilliant fight, Midland's area title. Let's move on to uh this this cracking crossroads fight in the cruiserweight division. You got a lawyer Jr. who seems to be knocking out anything that moves right now at cruiserweight and Ellis Sorro who has competed at the highest level wants to get back there with a big win on Saturday. And Aloy, I'm going to start with you because I've been following your Instagram and I've seen you put up a couple of videos. There was a an interview clip of Ellis Zoro followed by uh you putting out one of your knockouts and tagging him in. What's been going on on Instagram? Ellis Sorro doesn't love his family. Honestly, I don't understand why he's taking this fight, but he clearly wants to get knocked out, and I don't mind doing that to him. I don't mind making him sleep in front of the ring, in front of thousands of people in front in front of a great Roy Jones. I don't mind doing that. &gt;&gt; Well, let's hear from Ellis Sorrow. Uh get let's get your response to that. He's made it very clear he plans on putting you to sleep on Saturday night. What What says you, Ellis? &gt;&gt; I think the family comment was across across the line there and um there'll be consequences for that outside of boxing after the 26th. Um but yeah, it's good to be back. Um I've been in the wilderness for a long time. I spoke to you outside about that. Um was 17 and0 lost to Jai. um sat down for 6 months, got the chev fight. Um unfortunately lost to Chev. I think that was a fight me and my team feel we should have won, but that's boxing. And then I ended up Yeah, I'm 17 and two. Then I sat down for 13 months. Um no real reason why I sat down for 13 months. Everyone knows an inactive fighter isn't a good fighter. Um then I had a comeback fight. Then four weeks ago, this fight was offered to me and um I'm not really in a place to be turning down fights and that's not really who I am anyway. So yeah, here we are. &gt;&gt; What do you think of your opponent? He's come out pretty strong in terms of the the verbals today, but he comes out strong in fight night as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the talking he's young, you know. Um we're from same part of London. I was like that when I was younger. Um but again the family thing crossed the line and yeah it's unnecessary and there's going to be yeah there's going to be consequences for that but no he's a good fighter. I respect him as a fighter. I rate him as a fighter and um yeah Saturday night &gt;&gt; um I don't understand this false persona you know cuz when I was watching on YouTube he was this guy got power. Do you know what I mean? And I don't know if you watch the video real back and slow it down, but you can really see what he thinks of me. This man fears me and he knows he's dancing with death. I just said he's got power. I said it in the interview. I said it right now. Um his knockout ratio proves that. So I don't know what false persona he's referring to. &gt;&gt; Do you fear him? Next question. &gt;&gt; That's what he said. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but he didn't ask me. You did. So, I'm telling you next question. &gt;&gt; We will move on to the next question. &gt;&gt; He's just scared of the question. That's what it is. &gt;&gt; Ellis, what are you making of these videos where you've been tagged in a lawyer is putting out his knockouts, tagging you in. Are you replying to them? What's What's been going on there? I've seen them. &gt;&gt; No, I told you I'm not replying to them. Um, this is Alloys is young. Do you know what I mean? Um, we've all been young. He'll grow out of it. It's just it's just part of it. Um, it's not about confidence. It's not about He's just young. He'll grow out of it. I've I've seen many of people like this. And like I said, I was myself like this, so I ain't tripping over this. &gt;&gt; What are you talking about, bro? I I've been in the Peacocks and I've asked you for countless of rounds. You like, "Your nose is bleeding by Dorian." and you say, "No, I don't want to spar. No, I don't want to spar." So, you can always mention this young thing, but me and you both know what goes on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Next. &gt;&gt; Okay. You both know what goes on. I'm waiting for you to reply to a lawyer. He's saying saying a lot of stuff. &gt;&gt; He ain't got it. Don't ask him. He ain't got it. &gt;&gt; It's just It's just going to be round and round, you know. Um, &gt;&gt; don't blink. It just has to be round and round talking and talking. So, we'll see. &gt;&gt; How's this fight going to go then, Ellis? How you going to get this done and stop the rise of Aloy? &gt;&gt; You know what? Um, obviously we know Alloys has got power. Um, obviously recently I've been watching him like more. I think we've been on a few cards as well. Um, a lot of his opponents, and I'm not here to knock fighters because I don't knock fighters, but a lot of his opponents have kind of been there to be hit, you know. Um, and he has a style that, you know, if he can tee off on you, he's going to, and he's going to look explosive. Um, so yeah, for me, I can't be getting hit with no silly shots. And I got to box smart. &gt;&gt; Tell Ellis how this fight's going to go on Saturday. Aloy, final question for you. If you'd like to tell Ellis Sorrow, your opponent, how this fight will go on Saturday night, please. Well, that is a cracking cruiserweight fight on Saturday night. Ellis Sorrow Alloys Junior. Uh, interesting verbals. had a bit of everything there, including non-verbals. Let's move on to the main event. Brilliant fight, Rhys Belotti and Ryan the Piranha Garner. Ryan, I'm going to start with you. Uh, headlining again at the Bournemouth International Center, chomping at the Bick, I'm sure. And, uh, for you, ready to add some new titles to your collection. Tell us how you're feeling. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm feeling good, Dev. Um, it's good to be headlining again so close to home. Um, it's massive opportunity for me fighting for the obviously British Commonwealth and European title. It's all the marble domestically. So, obviously I got to get through this one if I want to be a world champion. So, yeah, I'm looking forward to a good fight. It's an exciting fight. I know everyone's going to be in for a good fight. &gt;&gt; And and I described it at the start as one of the most violent fights that can be made in the super featherweight division. Are you seeing it like that? This feels like it has to be fireworks. Um, it's Listen, our styles will yell nicely. I think both our styles, we both like to have a little fight, but that's not the only thing I've got in my armory. Do you know what I mean? I don't believe I can box, I can fight, I believe I could do it all, mate, if I'm honest with you. Yeah. But listen, I believe I'm going to win the fight, but I believe it'll be exciting in there at times. And I'm sure everyone is going to be tuning in at home. Everyone is going to be in attendance. It's going to be in for a good fight. So, just make sure you're there. And in terms of Rhys Balotti, I mean, this is he's he's been around a little bit longer than you. I've heard you say that when you were coming up, he's a fighter that you'd watch. Like, how does it feel now to be looking across and and be fighting him on Saturday? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, like you say, I remember when I was younger, he was fighting on these Sky Sports Bills and I was watching him fight. Very, very good fighter. Joe, I mean, the hardest fighter of my career. Listen, he's been in there with some great great names. He's beat a lot of good fighters and he's the reigning uh and defending British and Commonwealth champion, mate. So, he's got my utmost respect. Um, and I believe it's going to be exciting fighting, one that I'm well up for. And yeah, I believe I'm going to be British Commonwealth and European champion come Saturday night. Well, let's speak to Ree Balotti, who I'm sure has very different ideas. And uh, Reys, I guess you're here in Bournemouth to spoil the party and leave with Ryan Garner's belts as well. tell us what's going on. &gt;&gt; No, I'd like to say I'm just happy to be here. Uh it's a great event and it's a title that that I've always wanted to have and uh it's the next step for me and it's a fight I'm looking forward to. Um it's going to be one of my hardest of my career. We're under no illusion. Um like I say, me and Garn got a lot of respect for each other as fighters and uh you don't always have to be bad talking each other to make it an exciting fight. Um like I say, our styles are going to gel well. It's going to be a good fight. You've had experience at the top level, been in with some brilliant, brilliant fighters. How do you make that count on Saturday? &gt;&gt; Like you say, that's that's something that you kind of adapt and learn in the ring at the same time. Um, obviously certain experiences will come to show on the night and uh I'm lucky to have them. &gt;&gt; This is also a Queensbury versus Matroom fight from from your side. Has has Eddie given you any kind of G up any kind of message? I mean, he needs a win. I think it looked like Justice Honey was going to get that, but Wardley saw to that. Are you the man to get him a win? &gt;&gt; Uh, absolutely. Yeah, I believe so. Um, listen, I want to win the fight more for myself than I do match him, but it's just an added bonus for Eddie. Um, but I'm here for the win. &gt;&gt; Has he been in touch, given you a little G up? &gt;&gt; Uh, he hasn't actually. No, &gt;&gt; no, actually. No saying that. I'm telling a lie. He asked how I was yesterday. &gt;&gt; Well, that's good to know. Um, Ryan Garner, I mean, you are you're very much I think you're one of Queensb's longest serving fighters at the moment on the current roster. So, I know Frank has backed you through through thick and thin. It must be an extra kind of incentive to get the win for Frank against Matroom on Saturday, Ryan. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like you say, um, I've been with Frank since I turned pro 18 now. It's been a little while. It's been a long road, but we slowly got her in the end. I mean, I'm I'm hopefully I'm starting to pay him back for the gray as I might have given him over the years, but um yeah, we're getting there, mate. And I'm lucky to have Frank really. Frank's backed me from the start when I started making them mistakes in my career and then thankfully, look, he's putting on shows for me down here so close to home and hopefully I can repay him, mate. And then hopefully we get one step closer to St. Mary's. &gt;&gt; Your opponent's got a lot of uh lot of experience, a lot of power. I think at one point Eddie Hearn was indeed hyping him up as one of the the pound-for-pound biggest punctures in the sport. How do you deal with that? &gt;&gt; Um, like you say, he's a very very good fighter. Reese is I'm under no illusion, but I just believe obviously the best Ryan Garner if he turns up on the night. He beats most people, mate. So, yeah, we just see what happens on the night. But I'm confident. I'm sure Reese is as well. But, uh, yeah, it's going to be a good night, mate. It's going to be very good night.