Kind: captions Language: en If you are here to see Nathaniel Collins today, can you make some noise for me, please? Okay. Okay. I think the mics are working. Nathaniel, so that's good news. Are you here to see Chris Lorente, his opponent, European champion? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Look, look, we're here to see everyone. Listen, good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen. We're here to launch a brilliant show. Date for your diary, October 4th at the Bray Head Arena. Big-time boxing is back in Glasgow. Live around the world on the global home of boxing, the zone. Now, the main event is an absolute cracker. Some are calling him the new king of Scotland. He's certainly a rising star in Scottish boxing. Nathaniel the Nightmare Collins, unbeaten featherweight sensation returns and he takes on Spain's unbeaten featherweight sensation Christo Lorente for the European title. Now, it also serves as a WBC eliminator. So, high high stakes on October the 4th. And as you can see, the show is titled The Next King of Scotland. But I'd like to take a moment to actually acknowledge the career, the accomplishments, and the path that has been laid by the last king of Scotland. Last month, we got the news that Josh Taylor has now officially retired from the sport of boxing. And he had a career that most fighters could only dream of. From Preston Pans to the pinnacle of the boxing world. He was a 2014 Commonwealth Games gold medalist. He was a WBC, IBF, WBO, WBA world champion, Ring Magazine World Champion, World Boxing Super Series, Muhammad Ali Trophy winner. And then that night in 2021, he did it. He became the first undisputed four belt world champion from the UK. He remains the only man to have done that. He put Scottish boxing back on the map, took it to the world stage, and etched his own name into boxing history. And whilst he climbed up that mountain with his will, his skill, his determination, and his heart, the other thing he did was inspire a nation and a generation of fighters behind him. So I'd like to just take a moment if we could all just give a big round of applause to the great tartan tornado for Australia. proper proper legend in the house. Um okay, let's let's speak about some of these fighters. So somewhere up here could well be the next king of Scotland. Um I actually want to start with a man making his professional debut. He's he's not Scottish, but um maybe he will they'll probably claim him for one night. John Joe Carrian. I've heard so much about this young man and he hasn't even thrown a punch yet as a professional. Some are calling him the best prospect in world boxing. John Joe, talk to me. What's all the fuss about? &gt;&gt; Listen, we're going to see you in the fourth, haven't we? The end of the day. I've turned pro. I've done as well what I was can as an amateur. I've won most what people can't as amateur. So, I'm ready to prove it as the pro on the 4th of October. I saw you at the uh at the show in May in Glasgow and you were there sort of scratching your knuckles, icky itchy knuckles, ready to go now, weren't you? &gt;&gt; Definitely got itchy knuckles now. The time's coming since I have obviously since I've turned pro, I have been I haven't I've trained for about three or four months, you know what I mean? I've took my time. I haven't rushed into nothing. Make sure I'm ready, you know what I mean? And then time's come fourth October ready to show you. &gt;&gt; Managed as well by Shelley Finkele. you know, he he doesn't waste his time with any any no hopers, you know, he he goes for the best of the best. So, some some uh some management you got there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, best of best for the best of the best in it. &gt;&gt; As Willie Hutchinson very well knows. What are you looking forward to the most? &gt;&gt; Listen, I'm looking forward to get me pro debut out the way and try and I'm going to try and keep the ball rolling, you know what I mean? Get a few more fights in and obviously what I'm looking forward to most in the bigger picture. Be a world champion one day. You know what I mean? That's the that's the best biggest picture I can think of right now. &gt;&gt; Good stuff. Best of luck to you. We really look forward to your journey, John Joe Carrian. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, as we look for this new king of Scotland, it may be this next man that I'm going to speak to. The name you might be familiar with, Alex Arthur, but with a junior at the end. As you can see, the splitting image of his father, Alex Arthur Jr. here. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah. I don't think so either. I don't think so either. You look f is Alex Arthur here. &gt;&gt; He's hing at the back. &gt;&gt; He's hiding at the back. We have We have to get him on at some point. Um Junior, if it's okay to call you Junior, fight number two for you coming up. Uh excitement, how you feeling about this one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, good. I'm excited to be on this kind of platform again and the Brayhead Arena. I've heard a lot of good things about this arena and looking forward to getting my second pro fight under the way and continue to keep building momentum and keep striving for better things. &gt;&gt; You had your debut in May at the at the Hydro and it was it was really one to remember. I remember the I'll never forget the picture of you and your dad at the end of it as well. Looked like a really big emotional night for the Arthur family. &gt;&gt; I thought you were about to say I looked really big. &gt;&gt; I thought I looked like a a tank to &gt;&gt; I think you looked like a tank as well. Yeah. Uh yeah, I mean we're unfortunately my dad wasn't actually in my corner that fight, but this time around it will be uh that will be the case. So we'll uh we'll definitely be looking to put on another good performance and hopefully end it sooner this time. &gt;&gt; Let me ask you this cuz you're going to be fighting, you know, it's not going to be for a title or anything like that at this point. You're working your way up, but I just want to know how much this sport means to you, Alex. Well, I dedicate my life to this sport. So, stop touching me. He's being weird. &gt;&gt; Willie, can you stop being weird, please? &gt;&gt; I've dedicated my life to the sport, so I think I'll definitely reap the rewards. When all said and done, I think Nathaniel's time is here and then the next generation will come through and then I'll be there. &gt;&gt; Okay. Best of luck to you. We look forward to it. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; Okay. That is Alex Arthur Jr. Willie Hutchkins, we will come to you. We will come to you. Don't Don't worry. I can see you. I can see you. Um Marcus Sutherland is who we're going to speak to next. Now it's fight number nine for you coming up October the 4th and you fought on the last show in May. You fought after the main event. And uh I'm hearing for this show you've ordered like a thousand tickets. You're you're a bit of a bit of a boy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. There's loads of support, loads of people coming out to see us. Um, you get a lot of backing and shots where I'm from. Everyone kind of backs their own and looks out for each other. So, it's brilliant. &gt;&gt; I mean, last time you, as I say, you were on after the main event. You still had so many fans who still stayed there for you, but you didn't give them too much. It was over in like a minute. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's that. If I can get them out, then I will. you were getting comparisons to uh to Nick B that night because you you faced a very a much taller opponent. You're the stocky guy. You were coming in. Is that someone you look up to at all? &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen, it's unreal to get um compared to a fighter like that. It's amazing. But I think it's down to me now to give myself my own name. &gt;&gt; I like that. What do you plan on showing us October the 4th? &gt;&gt; H you know to see obviously just a win but make it exciting. &gt;&gt; Okay. Best of luck to you, Marcus Southerntherland. Keep your eyes peeled for that young man coming through. Okay, Willie Hutchinson, I see you. I see you. It's time to talk. &gt;&gt; How we doing, Dev? How are we doing? &gt;&gt; Very, very good. How are you doing? Because we've not seen you in a while. We need to see the hutch train again. &gt;&gt; I'm doing fantastic, Dev, to be honest with you. Um, I haven't been in back in Glasgow in a in a while. This is me home. I was born in Livingston, Scotland. I've lived here all of my life. I Denny speak Scottish like that there like but I um I'm very happy to be home to be honest with you and I'm I'm looking forward to getting back in this ring. I'm ready to become world champion. Um enough lingering about now. Get the foot on the pedal to the metal. I'm ready to rock and roll. &gt;&gt; The the names that I heard linked with you for this show which which haven't come through. There were names like Zach Chelly out there. I mean but it feels like you you just fight anyone. Will he? Dev, since I've knew you since I was 18 years old, I'll fight anybody. It doesn't make a difference to me. Fighting's fighting. And if it's not that way, boxing is not the sport for you. Um, and if you're not like that, you may as well just pack up and leave the game because it's too hard of a sport. I'm ready to fight anybody and anybody anywhere. And this time I'm in Glasgow. We haven't got an opponent yet, but like I said to you, the doors open for anybody in the lightweight division. Like I said to you, I'm ready to become world champion. And when you become want to become world champion, you want to ready to fight anybody and anyone. &gt;&gt; Willie, are you the next king of Scotland? &gt;&gt; I believe the king is here. The king is here. No, Lefu Collins is doing very well for himself. Um, and everyone up here. I I hope all of us are. I hope um if all you are is the best that Scotland's ever produced, I hope I'm I I've won behind you because I hope we all become world champion and accomplish our dreams and become a multi winchwise shining sh you know. So we're all chasing. We're all winning. We won today. We woke up and we're here at the press conference and like you know Dev, I love to speak and I'm doing doing very good just now. I think you do very well. I don't just finally is there anyone you want to call out because like everyone's watching. Everyone wants to see Willie Hutchinson. Anyone you want? &gt;&gt; If if there's someone who I want to call out is the world champion. So I would much I would love to fight Benvides or Bouvel or whoever's got them world titles cuz the rest of the other men they're only stepping stones in my eyes and that's all I can think of is ready to become world champion man. Anyone and anyone. &gt;&gt; Okay, there we have it. The Hutch Trains next stop October the 4th at the Brayhead Arena. Great to have Willie Hutchinson back. Well, let's move to an absolute cracker in the middleweight division. The Scottish Middleweight Championship on the line, Aston Brown defending against Paul Keane. It's Glasgow versus Dundee. And Aston Brown now starting to realize some of that potential, that amateur pedigree that we saw in his youth. And uh Aston, I'm going to come to you first here because I heard Alexander Rousi the other day say 38 isn't old. Well, 34 certainly isn't old. Then you you you know, you're going pretty well here, right? &gt;&gt; Certainly are, mate. Going pretty well. Going strong, I know what I mean. Um I'm proving everybody wrong, ain't I? Oh, he's old. He's passed that he's had too long at the game. Well, you've seen the last two performances against undefeated fighters. You know what I mean? So, I'm just getting better, mate. You're you're on a streak of of three knockouts in a row. You finding some real form here as well. What are you thinking heading into this fight with Paul Keane? &gt;&gt; Same again, mate. Same rules apply. You know what I mean? Demolition job. Aston Brown win. Um but again, I got all respect for Paul King. Know what I mean? Taking the fight cuz a lot of people didn't want to fight me. Um I'm going to mention names and stuff, but I'm pushing pushing for that British title shot mim. That's my my full intention, but Paul Keane's got my attention on October the 4th. &gt;&gt; Well, let's bring in Paul Keane. Paul, uh, this is actually a chance for you to become a two-weight Scottish champion, if I'm right, so it's a big opportunity for you here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know what? I'm happy to get the opportunity. Uh, obviously it's a tough fight. I've got a lot of respect for Aston as well, but um, I'm 100% focused. Last few years of my career have been a we bit up and down just due to personal reasons and that, but uh, I'm ready back and 100% fully focused. So, you're ready to take the opportunity by both hands. &gt;&gt; Well, Aston says that he is expecting a demolition job like he did in his last fight. What are you expecting? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm just expecting a good fight and me turning it 100% hopefully do the business and uh move on at bigger things. &gt;&gt; What are the qualities that get you the victory over Eston? Uh I don't really know what to say on that, but uh I think that um just like I say, me 100% fully focused uh putting in uh wins this fight. Definitely. &gt;&gt; How are you seeing this one, Aston? Is this just a case of before the Reese Porter fight, you said, listen, if he comes towards me, he's just going to get put to sleep. Is it the kind of the same rule applies across the board? &gt;&gt; If I if I hit you, you stay hit. Know what I mean? I put them out the last three fights know I mean people are like oh you had they knocked anybody out in your first five fights when you get gentlemen who just run away survive that's what happens every fight on this up these tables know that's the way it works see when people come to fight I've put them to sleep it'll be a different fight this time with Paul but different style &gt;&gt; but same again demolition job brown &gt;&gt; he's much more experienced than Ree Porter was he's you know he's been in with some good names Hamza Shiraz he's been with good good guys but you still just expect to get him out Yep. 100% mate. I believe 100% Aston Brown beats any any middleweight in Britain. Know what I mean? Um, so I same again. Dev, &gt;&gt; any thoughts, Paul? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I'm 100% confident as well. Like you said, this is uh this is my chance to put myself on a big stage, so I'm not going to let that slip. Uh, come October 4th, I'll be the best Paul Keane that I've been. So, yeah, may the best my win. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Aston Brown, Paul Keane. We look forward to it. That is the Scottish middleweight title on the line on October the 4th. Okay, let's go to this brilliant meeting of a Celtic champion and an English champion here. And there's talk about the British title potentially being on the line. It's currently held, of course, by Sam No, who's going to be challenging for a world title very, very soon. Rean Glackin takes on Lu Doati. It's a unbeaten versus unbeaten. Someone's O has got to go. So much on the line and uh Rean, I'm gonna start with you because uh you know, you've done so well so far. Scottish champion, Celtic champion. Tell us why this is going to be your night against what looks to be the toughest test of your career. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Dave. Yeah, I just listen. I believe this will be my team. I believe everything happens for a reason. I believe everything happens when it needs to happen and I've took every step. I've passed every test and I just believe in it's my time. I worked too hard. I've sacrificed far too much and um that's all going to show come October 4th. &gt;&gt; And Lou, what what are you thinking? Because this is also it looks like the toughest test of your career, but you have had some tough tests that you've come through as underdog at times as well. Jeff Fory, Yousef Kamari. Do do you see this as as better than better than those guys? Rean Glacken. Um, yeah, every every fight's world title fight. Every fight you have to be better. Um, and I'm just ready to go in there and do everything that I've done every other time and hopefully add more to the game and to show people that I've I've always got more to bring. &gt;&gt; What sort of fight are you expecting? &gt;&gt; A fight where I find a way to win. &gt;&gt; What leads you to victory? &gt;&gt; Adapting to whatever comes my way. &gt;&gt; Is it your boxing skills as well? You were a good amateur, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was a good amateur. Um, but you know the pro game I I know it's very different. I think I'm more suited to it as it goes. Uh, and um, yeah, I mean I can box, but for some reason Ive I've been involved in a lot of wars. So, you know, if I can if I can do a bit of both um, when the time's right in either one, then that's what I'm going to do. &gt;&gt; What are you expecting Regan here? He's he's you know, he can box, but he does get drawn into wars from time to time, but he always wins. What What are you expecting? Skills pay the bills, mate. Um, listen, I can box. I'm not going to sit here and say my brother. My knockout record would suggest otherwise anyway. But, um, listen, I I can mix it up. I've proven that. I don't need to sit here and say that. Do you know what I mean? Um, Styles make fights. If if I want to outbox him, I can outbox him. I believe if he gets in close and makes it a fight as he obviously plans, then I can work inside. So, you kind of be a one-trick pony in this game. And I intend to show that come October 4th. &gt;&gt; Well, they call you the shark, right? So, what happens when Louis Doerty here enters sharkinfested waters on October the 4th? Come on, give us something. Come on, Re. &gt;&gt; You get bit then, don't you? Um, it's certainly not the shark for swimming cuz I'm probably the the worst swimmer up at this table if I'm honest with you. But, um, I um I just believe it's going to be my nightmare. Um, and then as I said, there's going to be more news to follow on fight. So, it's going to be a big night for here in Glasgow. Everybody up in this table. Obviously, a lot of good Scottish boys. So headlined by my teammate, one of my best friends in Nathaniel. So it's going to be a real good night. Um we've all got potential up here to be in cracking fights and hopefully it's a good show for the fans and everybody turn out here today. Do you know what I mean? What I put on a show. So fully intend on doing that myself. [Applause] And finally, Lou, you ready to swim with the sharks? Uh yeah, I've been I've been swimming with the sharks since I started boxing. Um never made it easy for myself for some odd reason. Um but yeah, I'm just I'm ready to sort of do it. Um I said just keep improving from where where I've come. Uh obviously I don't mind an away game, so I've got to come here and just show that I can do it anywhere. &gt;&gt; Okay, best of luck. Best of luck, Regan. Brilliant fight. So much on the line October 4. Brilliant fight in the lightweight division. Let's move on to this main event then. This unbeaten featherweight sensation, the next star of Scotland, many are saying Nathaniel Collins is back. This time he headlines after that great win against Lee McGregor and of course takes on Crystal Lorente here. Nathaniel, firstly, this is great, right? You're headlining. This is everything that you've wanted. Headlining in Glasgow on the zone. Big show for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, amazing. It's It's been many years in the making. um a quick turnaround. Only eight or nine weeks ago I was on the undercard of Josh and you know now here I'm I'm headlining my own show in a in a couple of months. So um this is basically what dreams are made of and what what everybody up here hopes to to get to and what I was hoping to get to, you know, only two months ago. So just shows you how how fast things can change. &gt;&gt; It was a uh I think a career best performance last time out against your best opponent so far in Lee McGregor. You must feel like you're coming to the peak of your powers now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um I think a lot of people expected, including myself. Um an allout war and I love this life. I love this life and I sacrifice everything for it. You know, fitness, health, training all the time. So that shows um and the levels start to show when people don't live that life. And I showed it that night. And also that night, I mean, you were really in love with the Glasgow crowd. You were feeding off of it. It was such an emotional postfight interview. This is going to be some atmosphere. It's going to be amazing. Uh that's probably up there with one of the best moments of my life, like walking out into the hydro, Jerry Cinnamon, blasting, everybody jamming, and just looking out. And I can picture it now. And I'm just hoping Bray head's the same. And we we bring that same noise. And what a card we've got and what a treat we've got for all the Glasgow fans. And we're back again. So, it's going to be amazing. &gt;&gt; When you were fighting guys like Raza, Hamza, other guys like that, you would tell them beforehand what was going to happen. With Lee McGregor, you wouldn't cuz he was your pal and Facebook memories were popping up and it was all a bit awkward. I know. I know. But I don't know if you're friends with Crystal Lorente on Facebook or in real life, are you not? &gt;&gt; No, not yet. &gt;&gt; Not yet. Don't add him yet. Don't add him yet. But have you got any kind of indication for him as to what's going to happen on October the 4th? &gt;&gt; He can expect the same kind of performance um that I put on the last time. You know, he's a great fighter, but he's never came up against anybody like me. And um I like the word you used at the start there, sensation. So um if I want to keep keep getting called a sensation, I'm going to have to keep having sensational performances. So another one's coming. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, let's bring in your opponent here. Um, we've got a translator who's going to translate some of that. I think the piece to really translate is that he's expecting a sensational performance like he did last time where he stopped his opponent in four rounds. [Music] So, we can all dream. Um, but I know I've got power. I know I've I've got resistance and stamina. I proved it in Albania, in Italy, in Spain. and we'll see how this goes. &gt;&gt; How does Crisal feel about being the champion and defending his belt away from home in what could be a hostile environment in Glasgow? So, I've always liked I've always liked those the fights that are away from home. Um, for me, they have double the value. It's how I measure myself. This is this is a a strength. Um, and yeah, we'll do this and it's it's it's away from home. &gt;&gt; Why does Crystal Lorente beat Nathaniel Collins on October the 4th? So, I've got the best trainer in in the world, Rafa Mardin, and it's something that my club does. We we we we do these kind of things. Um, and we're going to do it away from home. &gt;&gt; Clearly a confident opponent here, Nathaniel. I mean, what do you make of your opponent? Yeah, he's got every reason to be confident. He's European champion. You don't just become European champion by being a bum. So, um, he's bet, you know, credible opponents. There's there's no reason he shouldn't be confident, but, you know, all my opponents have been confident and all of my opponents have been dealt with. So, it makes no difference to me how confident he is because I know my own abilities. &gt;&gt; How does that belt look over there to you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, looks beautiful. I've I've got the silver version. So, I'm going to get the gold one of that. Got the silver one of these. After this, I'll get the gold one of that. So, I getting quite the collection. I'm glad he's brought it. &gt;&gt; How does Christo feel about Nathaniel eyeing up the belt? You better not be up my belt. Well, I I like yours as well. &gt;&gt; This is staying here. Tell them this is staying here. &gt;&gt; And that one stay here as well. &gt;&gt; This one's staying here because they're going to have to send it back to me in Spain. That was quite a good line actually, wasn't it? Yeah. Um, Nathaniel, this is also a WBC eliminator, right? So, you're you're getting closer. Should you come through here? You're getting closer to uh to the champions to the Steven Faltons. I think there's an interim champion as well in in Shushu. And uh it's all getting there now. How you feeling about that? Are you at that level? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've been at that level. I've always been at that level and I've been saying it for the moment I stepped foot in a pro ring. If you go and watch my interviews years and years ago, I says, "I don't want to fight journeymen. I want to fight people who fight." I've proven it time and time again. I've always came through every challenge quite comfortably. And this night's no different. And the WBC eliminator on the line is just, you know, these belts mean nothing in the grand scheme of things, you know, and um world titles is is all that matters. Okay, let's get a fight prediction from Crystal Lorente if he'd like to actually tell Nathaniel Collins in his native tongue. We can get it done via translation as to what's going to happen on October the 4th. Let's get that fight prediction, please. Spain's gonna continue with a European champion and with a a a world champion aspirin. &gt;&gt; Nathaniel, final word to you, sir. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I always think this question is dead funny because you're never going to say, "Oh, Dick gives us a prediction and that guy's going to say I'm going to win." So, it's um it's funny, you know, in my opinion, this guy's tailor made for me. And the same thing that happened the last time. He's going to walk on to spiteful punches, nasty punches. Um Lee was my friend. This guy's no. I don't know him. And that'll come out. You know, I might be a nice guy up here, but I'm nasty, nasty guy in the ring. &gt;&gt; Okay, we look forward to seeing it. Remember Tickets are on sale right now at brahead arena.co.uk. Get hold of them. I think actually we're going to have Josh Taylor up here and stand in between them. Just a nice little moment really. But thank you so much for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. I think if you look back on my tweets from a few years back, I think um I said that Nathaniel Collins could potentially be Scotland's best pound-for-pound fighter. That would have been a couple years ago now. I think Nathaniel found the tweet and sent it to me on WhatsApp. Um and I guess my prediction was correct. Um he does everything very very well. He's a brilliant boxer. He uses his southpaw attributes very well. He he positions himself in the ring in places where he's able to hit you and you can't really hit him back and he's learned a way along with his coach Joh where he can get his power shots off and leave himself in a in a really good defensive position. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Here he is. Your your boy. &gt;&gt; So yeah, I'm a big I'm a big fan. I think Nathaniel was fantastic. just see Willie Arch hasn't got an opponent announced as of yet, but look, we know he had that set back against Joshua Poati, but he had that previous really good performance over Craig Richards where he showed a glimpse of what he can produce in a ring. &gt;&gt; He's unbelievable fighter. He's fantastic. You can't forget about his amateur achievements as well. Um, world amateur champion, European amateur champion, probably would have made the Olympic team as well. Probably would have meddled. Um, unbelievably talented fighter. Like Wally Hutcherson's got more talent in his big toe than most fighters have got, period. The man's talent is is endless. He's he's um &gt;&gt; he's he's amazingly he's amazingly humble as well. He's amazingly humble as well. &gt;&gt; He's a very humble guy. He's a very humble guy. &gt;&gt; Are we live on? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we are. &gt;&gt; But like I said, he's got more talent in his big toe than most people have got in their whole body. &gt;&gt; Willie, he's given more praise to than his own boy at the moment. So, I'm joking. My boys like I just I just said to death a minute ago. I said, "You know that me and me and him is like brothers and yeah." He said, "The way was talking that there." I said, "No, listen." He was in McConny's mean a lot to me and I've got an awful lot of respect for for his father, Alex. I thought it was a bad idea. I thought it was a bad idea. Queensberry putting the both of them right beside each other. &gt;&gt; It was fantastic. &gt;&gt; Wally's dad came right over me. He says, "What a mistake they've made putting those two together." And I said, "Yeah, &gt;&gt; we're just getting a headto-head here." Interesting fight. Louis Doory, who was a really good amateur, comes in obviously as the way fighter from Essics. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can stay if you want, but &gt;&gt; No problem. See you shortly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is an interesting fight, of course. Um,