Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for eight rounds in the featherweight division brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, 32 Red, That Prize Guy, Global Next Trade, Uni Bat, Flex Mise, Business Loans, and Vow Nutrition. When the bell rings, our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Bob Williams. Introducing to you first, fighting tonight out of the red corner, he comes to the ring wearing white trimmed with red and weighed in officially at 129.13 lbs. coming to us from Managua, Nicaragua. He brings a professional record consisting of 12 wins, 13 defeats, one draw. Six of his 12 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Moyes the Panther Garcia [Music] and his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing silver with black trim and weighed in officially at 127.15 lbs. Hailing from Ilford, Essex, England. He is undefeated with 11 wins. One win coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the current WBC youth featherweight champion Umar Khan. [Music] Okay, gentlemen. commands. In the event of a knockdown, the fighter standing, we go to the furthest future corner and stay there. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves, please. Touch gloves. Okay. Well, the action continues here at Portman Road. And next up, it is Umar Khn against Moises Garcia. A star referee, Mr. Bob Williams in the center. seconds out [Music] about two of the evening. Off we go. Garcia from Nicaragua. If he's anything like the Nicaraguan fighters we've had over here in the past and what we've seen on cards around the world, he will be as tough as they come. Last time I watched Umar Khan was on the undercard of Joe Joyce versus Derek Chazora where he nearly got his man out of there and he is one of those fighters who can mix it up when he wishes to a very good boxer at the same time. Yeah, he's nice and sharp. You can see clearly nice sharp jab throw a one two not too long ago. Great combination right here. So yeah, he should have stepped on Garcia there as he landed that left hook. I just like I'm not saying he hurt him, but Garcia's balance was a bit off. But Khan, Yep. He looked very sharp. He felt some good shots to the body and nice one twos up top. Very relaxed as well. Very relaxed. Umar Khan, the cousin of Hamza Shiraz, who of course has a big fight coming up in the notsodistant future, but it's his night. As you guys have already mentioned, some good fluent work here from KHN who looks ever so relaxed. Yeah, I I remember Khan when he had his debut and you know the growth in his boxing right now is really showing. I mean, he's he's not rushing. He's nice and relaxed. He's everything off that jab and you can see, you know, he's come on. Yeah, definitely more season more much more seasoned. Definitely. I thought it was a bit a bit more passive I would say, but I would say now he's he's come along. Yeah, most definitely. Got caught ever so slightly there of a left hook from Garcia, but that seems to have put something within him. The shot which Kahn is throwing really nicely is that lead hook straight under the right elbow of Garcia. He's caught with that a few times. It's almost like he's he's looking for that like he might know something we don't. When you fight these tough guys, these Nicaraguans, like you say, like we've seen on the circuits, they're really tough. They're like, you know, when the American comes off against the Mexicans, I mean, they're going to take shots to the head all day. So, I think he's trying to invest in a body early to slow his man down. K boxing out of those silver and black shorts in the Southpaw stance. Garcia in the white and red. Khan definitely the fighter on the front foot here. That was a nice straight left hand which he caught Garcia with as he just turned and changed the angle making his man miss. Khan's very versatile. You can see clearly boxing orthodox southpaw. His reactions are still good in the southpaw stunts as well. Good counter. His reactions are definitely good in the southpaw stance, but I don't think his shots are coming up as good as they were in the orthodox stance. Yeah. Yeah. I agreed. Agree. But he just showcas I think he's having he's looking to have fun out tonight. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. When Umar Khan had his debut, the guys at Queensbury interviewed him and said, you know, what what can we expect? Which is a normal question really. He said, word for word, sometimes I'm a boxer, sometimes I'm a fighter. How much will that pay dividends as he goes through the pro ranks? Because it's one thing being able to, you know, step in and go toe-to-toe and be in a in a close pocket fight, but then there's another thing being out of box. How good is it for him to be able to do both? I mean, look, you you have them both styles in your arsenal. You just tap into whatever style you need when you need it. If, like they say, you don't box the boxer. You don't fight a fighter. So, if he's got someone in front of him that wants to have a fight, box them. Make it easy that's worked for you. You got someone in front of you that wants to have a fight um that wants to box. Sorry, I'm going to make you I'm going to make you have to fight. So, it's good that he's versatile. You can see already see you can box both ways. He's got good hand speed. So, you know, you cover all areas and you're safe. Eloy, you've got one style and it's one word, war. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. I was going to add on to what Penzel said. It's better to be a a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war. 100%. You know what I mean? Love that. And don't let allow fool you. He's got more than one style. He just loves I remember sparring this kid years back. And I'm thinking, all right, he's a big you, but he's he's he he's just means business. He's slick. He can move lateral movement off the shoulders, shots. Shoulder, bro, bro. What are you talking about? Listen, I mean, I've never been able to shoulder, bro. I mean the way the shots come from the shoulders like it's just off the waist I should say off the hip like you turn a boom in your debut the uppercut she was landing I know you didn't get a win come on Listen let's let's focus on let's focus on I'm just trolling I'm just we'll definitely talk about recent fights and up and coming fights cuz people will be interested in a moment but if you're just joining us welcome along you're joined by myself Darren Reese Denel Bentley and Eloy Jr. We have Umar Khan in the ring against Moises Garcia. This is our second bout of the evening and then we have got so much to come. Oh, lovely hook there from Umar Khan as he threw that from the southpaw stance and he hit his man straight on the button and the Nicaragua. He kind of looked around for a second and couldn't quite work out why he was on the canvas. But this is the moment for Khan to put his foot on the gas and really start to let his hands go. Good shot. Good shots here from Khan. Garcia just going to look to hold and survive. So, it's important that Khan doesn't get too close for him to be able to hold. And also, I would also like to add on as well, like don't rush the don't rush it. You know what I mean? Take your time and find the shot. Yeah, it only takes one shot to knock someone out. It took him one shot to put him down. So, it's like Yeah. shots. Yeah. Yeah. Good right hand there from K. But I I I do like the way he switched the pace. Mhm. Yeah. There you go. Well, Garcia looks like he's found his feet again. And did he give him too much time to recover? No, I don't think he did. I think Garcia just played this more. Nice that from Khan. Right hand to the body. Swung that hook in and just turned it underneath and crept under the tight guard of the man from Nicaragua, Moises Garcia. And he's really starting to sink these shots in now. Khn, good body shot. Oh, lovely head shot there. That backhand uppercut followed by the lead hook in the southpaw stance. Worked beautifully. Yeah, sad he's getting battered. Don't beat around the bush. Blimey just said straight straight out that Yeah, you got you got to be honest. 100% 100%. Well, apart from Garcia being battered, what is Kahn doing well to make sure that his man is getting back to the noise? He's he's very sharp on his counter. He's very aware and and and what's the most important thing is he's staying calm in there. He's not getting too excited by the moment and based off that he's making the right decisions. How important is that that he's not getting carried away. He's not going for it because big stage, big moment, adrenaline, you know, he knows he's live on the zone and on Queensbury. You know, there's lots of people watching this. Easy to get carried away, isn't it? Oh, 100%. Especially as a young fighter and probably wanting that double and you can end up trying too hard, but you can end up ruining a good performance or you can end up walking into a shot. He can get quick. I mean, throw it back. You still got hands. You know what I mean? So you want to be careful of what turn back and you also want to be corners for your world. You don't want to play well. Well, good stuff. We'll see if he gets on this opening round and how much Moyes Garcia has recovered, if he's recovered. The majority of his fights have been at home in Nicaragua where he's fought some good tough fighters, but he looks like he's starting to feel these shots from KHN. And Khan looks like he's just starting to enjoy it. Do you know Do you know what? I forgot. I can't I can't say his name sadly. The um the man in the in the red gloves. Garcia. Garcia. Yeah. He has a bad habit of reaching for the jab. And if Umaro Khan is aware of this, he can turn him into left hook and knock him out clean. Well, he's going for that lead uppercut there as Garcia is trying to just kind of reach in with those straight shots to the body. He's throwing really nice left hooks and left uppercuts. Garcia is also looking for the left hook, though. He's also looking for the left hook and he throws it with a bit of speed. He hasn't managed to land it yet, though. Khan's just stepped out of distance every time Garcia has thrown that shot. shot. It's very similar to the fight which I watched Umar Khan on on that Joyce Chisor undercard where he dropped his man. I think it was the second of the third round but he didn't get carried away which is a big thing which you guys have spoken about already and he just got back to his boxing which is what he's doing now and he's doing well. That was some tidy work there. Lovely left hook to the body, but not staying in the same place for too long either. Yeah, he's showing good movement. He's he's he's boxing now. He's boxing now. I mean, at first he he wasn't fighting, but he was coming forward and, you know, trying to put the pressure on a little bit. Now, he's just moving side to side, you know, showing showing good footwork and yeah, a good punch action. Mhm. Well, Garcia has been stopped in the past. A lot of these South and Central American fighters rarely rarely get stopped. They are as tough as they come. Tough as old boots. But Khan doing a good job here of showing us his boxing skills and picking those shots just like that one. That uppercut worked really well. He's got to be a bit calmer. Oh, I tell you what, Omar Khan got caught there. It was a left hook from Moises Garcia who just watched his eyes and almost couldn't believe that he landed it and now he's on the hunt. And I told you Garcia was looking for that shot from the opening bell. And I also told you that, you know, Kahn doesn't want to rush his work cuz he could end up walking into a shot. I mean, he didn't rush nothing there, but he just got a little bit complacent. Yeah, complacent. And end up eating that shot, but he's recovered well. I think it caught him more by surprise than anything. Yeah. Yeah. But that that that landed that landed near the button. Yeah. Not on the button, but near the button. It's got to be a bit more. Sometimes you get caught with a shot like that. It wakes you up, doesn't it? Yeah. Yeah. That's why that's why I make sure I strengthen his neck, bro. You never know. What would the information be in that corner, Denzel? After a little wakeup call, don't fall asleep. Don't fall asleep. You got to be concentrated and focused every second of that round. Every second of every round, you have to be on point. You can't afford, you can't afford to fall asleep, especially when you got a guy across the corner. Throw a big shot. He's throwing big shots. He obviously hits a little bit. There's a bit of spite in his shot. Stay on point. Use your footwork. Use the jab. If he's got the rest of the fight, he doesn't need to get into the fight. You see, we've seen he can be hurt now. Don't get both. I would I would also say as well, just focus on the jab. focus on the jab cuz his opponent reaches to catch the jab. Corners that eventually pursue the left hip and get him out of there. Well, let's see if he can get him out of there. Round four. But definitely an opportunity. Nobody did anything wrong necessarily, but both of them have been caught heavy. And there's that instruction of Lloyd from that corner shouting for that jab, which is just what you've been saying. Yeah, if you watch if you watch it closely, he likes to reach for it. Good shots. Really good. Nice lay down screw shot there. Good double jab there from KHN. There you go. Good stuff. can really see what you mean by getting behind that jab now because everything follows off of it for Umar Khan, doesn't it? The jab's the most important punch of boxing. If you can't get if you can't establish a jab, then you're not going to get anything off. It's so underrated and so undervalued in this boxing sport that everyone wants to throw a crazy right hand or crazy left hook, but the jab is it plays off everything. I agree with that. I mean, especially like young fighters, they always want to do something spectacular, something different. They want to throw the, you know, the wildest punches or the all the just get highlight reel, but everything comes off the jab. If you set up, if you can't land the jab, like you said, you can't land anything. And if you can land the jab, you can land everything. Exactly that. Our last knockout came off the jab, bro. Dirty left foot though, but yeah, the jab. Exactly. Establish the jab. Jab up the stairs. Jab up to a body. What? Bang. Left hook. What's that saying? Is that a good right handle? Take it around the block. But a good jab will take you. Oh, here we go. Welcome to education 101, ladies and gentlemen. I love boxing. I can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, pardon my language. But I could talk about boxing all day long. All day long. Jeez. Nice left hook there under the right elbow from Kahn. Good body shots. Good body puncher is Umar Khan. He is very good at switching it up as well. He throws the combination so quickly. He's got fast hands. I mean, it it comes off nice. It's good to watch. Yeah, definitely. Just starting to get a sense that the K corner went a little bit more urgency from him. He seems to really enjoy just being dancing around and picking his shots, but don't know how well you can hear that corner team, but there's certainly some urgency in their voice and trying to push him on a bit. Yeah, they don't want um Khan to give Garcia any confidence to make him think he can walk him down. So, they want Khan to be dominant, you know, in in this fight and with his presence. Different approaches. I I would just say just keep busting him up with a jab. I would say the other thing just keep busting up with you don't even need to step forward. You just come like mid-range and just keep popping it. Keep popping. Eventually, he's got ready right here and you could and you could like exploit that. Nice overhand right there from KHN. Tell you what, I got to give full credit to Bob Williams. He he dodged one a minute ago. He's got some reflexes. Definitely. Have you Have you ever nearly caught a referee? No, I know. I'm not listening enough. Yeah, that's why they have a spare one for his price. Well, this place is a little quiet at the moment, but there is expected to be 20,000 in here later on. And hopefully everyone who is seated will be under some sort of shelter because the gray clouds are coming thick and th and thick and fast. And I think we might have a bit of a hand. I did come prepared of a poncho and well let's just hope for the best shall we um car looks ready and raring to go first out of his corner and Moyes Garcia a little bit of a delayed walk to the center of the ring but nevertheless both fighters back to the center of the ring and that jab nicely popping out from Umar Khan. Good job. There you go. Just do that. Just do that all night long. Eventually you something will come off that 100%. Just go ahead and body. Keep switching the height. Yeah. Yeah. Good thing Jab to the way right here will be nice. Good shot. Nice left hook there to the head from Khan and then switched it underneath in that uppercut. Good pressure though from Garcia. Still going. Still there. Still live. Is there a shot that you can see which Garcia is open to more than anything? For me, it looks like that left hook. Yep. The jab. And the jab. The jab. Yeah. When he when he's from the jab, Khan, he's keeping Garcia at at at a distance. When he gets in like this like he's doing now and wants to work the body and the head. It's It's not bad work, but you're giving Garcia a chance to let his shots go again just like he is here. You want to make it 7030, not 6040. That's it. And and you you just want to break Garcia's confidence. Make him feel he can't get inside. Make him huff and puff and feel like, oh, I'm being frustrated. Demoralize it. Yeah. And then then start coming with these all these other shots. You know what I mean? Just just here. Keep popping that jab. It just needs to keep flowing. Keep flowing. It will keep Garcia thinking Nice body shot back from Garcia who just reminds Kahn that he is most certainly in front of him. Now the corner screaming for him to keep in his jab. Good little sneaky left to the body from Khan, but I still think he needs to be on that jab. Yeah, doesn't need to mix with this guy. show his class. And he's doing that, isn't he? Lloy, you know, he's boxing well on He is He's He's showing his class, but I I would personally say he could even show even more class. Yeah, he's showing it as first. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Shouldn't be having a terror with this guy. That was risky. 30 seconds left in this round. Very risky. I think where he was hurt, he wants to prove a point. And Nah, there's no points to be proven. It's about getting a win, bro. It's true. Good shots there. And then back to your jab. Lovely. Lovely work. Beautiful work. You can make this so easy. So easy, man. Win, bro. It went easy, man. I ain't trying to have a tear up. [Applause] Just trying to clip his man in the last moment of that round. I guess a question I've got for you guys, well the real mix of styles between the pair of you is that we've spoken a lot about Umar Khan and being out of box and that fight on the inside and whatever else. You know that you're in there to entertain, but at the same time you know that you're in there because this is business and this is sport and you want to and you want to win. Oh 100%. I mean they entertain for the first four rounds. I mean they both I'm not sure they scored calms a knockdown. And I don't know if he needs the canvas, but he knocked him down and then, you know, he ended up getting shooken up a little bit. Now go and win the rest of the fight. You've entertained us a little bit. We've seen what both possess. We've seen the power. We've seen what you can do. But now you don't want to risk anything. It's risky moments. You you do you want to lose in the name of entertaining or entertainment. What do you think about that noise? Look, you'll be entertaining when you bust someone up with a good jab. Like if you bust him out with a good jab, you people are going to talk about you how talk about how great your jab is. And that's entertaining enough. And then if you get him out of it, that's just the cherry on top. Like I was saying earlier, you don't want to ruin a good performance in in the name of entertainment. I mean, absolutely. He he's he's done a bit. He showed a bit of everything. He's shown all you have a big punch. You can fight both ways. Um you got good movement. He's shown a lot of class. Now it's getting a bit risky. box shoulder levels. You can make it B if you want to and when he when he starts to frustrate um Garcia or feels like Garcia's falling asleep, pick the pace back up. Yeah. Just don't be like boring like Vidal Riley, you know, but Oh, there you he went there. That that was coming at some point. He only took two fights. I can't lie. I want to see that fight though. I think that's a good fight for his jaw. You said that. I said that's a good fight for you. I would break his jaw. I'd break his rib. That man, bro, he wants to run for 12 rounds. That's not happening, bro. I am not that guy. I'm from I'm from the ends, bro. I'm from South London, bro. Well, I'm not sure if we're in Southpip switch or northip switch, but Umar finds himself in the south of the ring and throwing good body shots there. And we will definitely get on to Vidal Riley in a in a bit. And that is a fight that people will want to see. But that was a nice right hand there from Khan Khan. This is lovely hand speed. Just put the shots together and keep the distance. Doesn't need to get close at all. Well, I can confirm the rain is well and truly coming down. Thankfully, we're behind. We're under a roof. Yeah, B andQ have sold out of Tarpooling. Everyone's running to Wicks. They've sold out, but the equipment is getting covered up. And so is Moises Garcia as Kahn just tries to dig into that body there. And that was a good lead hook over the top in the southpaw stance of his. Oh, these are this is so risky from Umar. He shouldn't be in in this position with this guy. He should be just boxing. I know I'm sounding a bit repetitive, but that's the honest truth. No, I mean, look, you're you're you're you're calling what you can see and and what you're calling isn't wrong. I mean, like we were saying earlier, the jab, it's the best punch in boxing. Yeah, absolutely. That was a nice javage come back from Garcia. Just snapped the head back of KHN, but he's still there in front of his man. Really changing the angles every moment of this fight. Just keeping his man thinking and that is something he's done very well actually. He's he's kept Garcia thinking nonstop. The tempo's changed, his stance has changed. Damn, it's poor. It is when it rains at PS 57. A relatively slow round that one, but I think Umar Khan has just worked out. He knows what he needs to do now, doesn't he? This is just about just getting to the end of the round, getting another win on his belt. There's two more rounds left. I mean, look, he should just he should just box and not make it wrong, but he should just box and separate the levels. He should separate what's going on here. Don't give Garcia a chance that he should just dominate this fight and try to not make Garcia land a punch. Box and dance around him. You've seen his foot. He's fully footed. He can move left and right. He can move backwards and forwards. He's a good fighter. He can box. Now, it's time for him to show his boxing. In my opinion, he's had a fight. It's time for him to show his boxing. He is again in spurts, but every now and then he gets in close and tries to target the body. Stick to the jab. Stick to the jab. Hard go head go body. Change the height. Change the pace to the jab. Slow jabs, a fast jab, a hard jab, a soft jab, and then anything else will come of that. But I don't think his box are bad, but I just think there is he he can do better. Well said that man. Well, here we go. The penultimate round. This one scheduled for eight in the super featherweight division. As we go into the first few seconds of round seven, you can't got a good tempo to him in the opening part of this round. Nice and light on those feet. You can tell he's well schooled. In in in boxing, I've realized a a big part of it which which helps is is decision- making. And you got to be able to make the right decisions at the right time. Yeah, absolutely. There's a massive chess game in there. Yeah, literally it's a chess game in there and if you make the wrong decisions, it's like in chess. If you make a blunder, bro, you lose the game, bro. Same thing in boxing, bro. It's Yeah, it's literally it's it's the same thing as it's a thinking game. You know what I mean? You got to be able to know when to do what. Yeah, exactly that. It's a really good point because there isn't maybe any sports really other than fight sports where you make a blunder or you make one bad move and it can go terribly wrong for you. You know, in football, right, you might let it go in, but in boxing, you might end up on your backside and and seriously damaged. Yeah. And you got you got a man screaming, "Who wants it?" I don't know anyone who says that sort of thing. That's me, bro. I'm just disappointed you didn't do it in a Scottish accent, to be fair. Definitely not. I'm proud of being English. This is better than much much better. He's not giving Garcia a chance to land anything. Definitely not. Good covers inside. Mhm. Nice left hook to the body there from KHN. And you got to say that Moyes Garcia looks like he's just started to run out of ideas. Maybe not now, but a little a little while ago. And he too is going through the motions. Yeah. Yeah. But this is what you want him. You want him to to feel like he run out of ideas and you want him to get sloppy and then you pick up pace again. Yeah, this is much slipped a bit. A slip. Hopefully none of that rain has made its way into the ring. Yeah, I can't really feel it from here. So, I doubt it would it can it will find his way to the ring like that. But, yeah, hopefully it doesn't. Good movement there from KHN who just shows his man he's in full control. just backs off when he needs to, dances around, and then when he feels the time's right, in he goes, throws his ones and twos, sometimes a little bit more. The Garcia is still there. Well, if you just turn the TV on, a warm welcome to a very wet and windy Borman Road, the home of Itstown Football Club, who didn't have the most fantastic of seasons last season, but they will be, in my opinion, the most exciting league in the world, the championship next season. But this is what we've got coming up on the main broadcast. Nelson Husa of Albania will fight Patrick Corte. two big heavyweights, a big thunderous left and right hands. We look forward to that. And then the Cuban former heavyweight now cruiserweight Perez versus Steven Ward. And then it is the debut of the only fighter of the most recent Olympic cycle to pick up a medal in Paris, Lewis Richardson. We look forward to watching him. And then I've got to say, one of my favorite fighters at the moment, Pierce Ori against Lean Dylan. And then he's the big one, Fabio Wardley. Did you just say favorite parties? What about me and D? I said I said one of one of I'm not that silly. I'm st I thought I needed another look at my record. Two more fights to go after this one. See, see this is the thing about fighting in a stadium. Um the weather. I mean it's all nice. It was all lovely and fun and games and I want to fight in the stadium and outdoors but nobody can tell the weather. This is England. This is England. This is lovely to fight in the rain though. This is like cinematic. You know what? You know that's a good point though. I change my mind on that. When I fight in the stadium warrior I'm not even going to box. I'm going to get straight into a terror. You know what I mean? And we're going to go hell forever. Literally. Good work. Good footwork here from Kahn. Doing what he does best. Good boxing. Good fluid movement. Both of his feet and his hands. Digging in those shots of the body when he needs to. Not staying in there too long for any period at all. He did get caught a little bit earlier on, but he shook that off and found his feet again. Don't think it hurt him too much, but it definitely woke him up. But this is what he needed. This is what we needed from him. This is what he needed to do in my opinion. I mean, he was winning the rounds, but it was what he was it was what he was showing. He was giving Garcia too much of, you know, a chance. He was giving he was playing the same game that that that he would be Yeah. As you said before, like he's he's giving him a chance. He's playing his game. He wants Garcia wants him to have a tear out. Yeah. Cuz that's the only chance he has to to clip in. But right now, where he's boxing, being being fleeooted, moving in and out, side to side, letting letting fast shots go and come back out, Garcia hasn't got a clue what's going on. Yeah. And Khan looks good doing it. Good upper cut. Really good right uppercut. Just snuck that one in. The tight guard of the man from Nicaragua. Did Umar Khan just looking to finish this round in a strong powerful way is Khan. He's just starting to put the pressure on a little bit more now. Oh man, it's touching. Yeah, the rain's coming through now. It's messing up my 3,000 lb suit. Good jab there from Garcia, followed by that right hand to the body. But Khan does the right thing, grabs hold of him, and then we'll get back to his boxing. Garcia really digging it. But that was a good left hook there. Oh, right on the pill from Khan, which couldn't have happened at a better time for Garcia. But that fight had a little bit of everything. There was some good boxing there. Good movement. Shot selection was was nice there from Khan. And full credit to Moyes Garcia who we said at the start he's a tough man and he proved it. He did prove it. He did prove it. He was in there the whole way. Probably shot. In fact, giving Khan something to think about, too. I mean, this would be another good learning fight for Khan, not just having it all his own way. He was in there. He held some shots. He held a you know, he he he he got shooken up a little bit and managed to bounce back, recover, and continue to win the fight or win the round as well. So, um yeah, good from Khan. Good from Garcia, too. Well, I've got some sterling news. The suit of Aloy Jr. will not be getting wet any longer because Mike Goodall, the legendary ring fitter uper, has just handed us some ponchos. And I've never been so grateful in all my life, but probably not as grateful as you, Lloyd. Definitely. Definitely. So, yeah. So, I guess in the end of the day, my memor was better than yours. Well, we believe we know where this one's going as the two fighters just embrace each other in the center of the ring, which is one of the most beautiful things about boxing. But Thomas Triber is closed and ready. So, we'll hand over to him now. Ladies and gentlemen, after eight rounds of boxing, our referee in charge, Bob Williams, scores the contest 79-72 for your winner. And still undefeated, Umar Khan. [Applause]