Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] for what a comeback champion of the world. Jerry with the uppercut. What a punch. The right uppercut. Dillian White flat on his back at Wembley Stadium with an absolute piece of a punch. He beats the count, but he doesn't know where he is. The bell might know it's off. It's called off. It's all over. And Tyson Fury defends the WBC Ring Magazine and Lineal Heavyweight Championship with the punch of his life. And I knew my dance went and they be happy for a while. But February made me shiver with every paper I deliver. Bad news on the doorstep. I couldn't take one more step. I can't remember if I cry when I read about his widow bride. Something touched me deep inside the day. The music all together now. So by this [Applause] Americ singing this will be the day that I die. This will be the day that I die. Thank you to the UK. I love you. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards and we have a split decision. [Applause] Judge Allan Davis scores it 115 to 113 in favor of Lee Selby. Judge Phil Edwards scores it 116 to 112 in favor of Josh Warrington. and judge Frank Lombardi scores it 115 to 113 in favor of your winner and new vendor champion of the world Josh the lead [Applause] warrior tears of joy from Josh Warrington in the ring delir Serious reaction from the crowd. How that was a split decision, I find it difficult to understand. Phil Edwards card was closest to how Barry saw it. I think it pretty much was spot on with how Barry had it. 116 112. One judge having it. 115 113 for Lee Selby. But I think for me that has to be the right verdict. And fairy tales in leads do come true. Josh Warrington the champion. What about that Barry? John, we were all saying all week and given our honest assessment and we all thought that there was only going to be one winner and that was Lee Selby. But Warrington. You know, Warington stole his thunder. I think his tactics were spot on. didn't allow Selby the what he needs the most, what the rhythm to get establish that jab and get those combination together. He took that away from Selby early on and then Selby was playing catchup. I answered. I said, "Send me the contract." They sent a contract. I said yes. And now he gets his chance to fight the lineal heavyweight champion of the world. My promise is I got me rounds here tonight, 10 rounds. But one thing I promise when I go to Las Vegas is I'm knocking you the out. Boom. Apologies once again for the industrial strength language, but these are two fighting men who are keen to get it on in the boxing ring. Deontay Wilder, you've heard what Tyson Fury has to say. He you've heard what how he thinks the fight is going to go when you guys square off in the ring. How do you forecast a fight between yourself and fellow undefeated former champ Tyson Fury? Well, that's one thing Tyson Fury has never had. He didn't had many belts, but he's never had the WBC belt. And if you ever think about having this belt, he better wake up and apologize to me because he had never had this. I can't wait to fight you because I am going to knock you out. This I promise you, every victim that step in the ring, I have knocked them out in devastating fashion. You've never been knocked out, but you're going to feel the experience. What it feel to get hit by the bronze bomb. Listen, you can't knock out where you can't hit bomb. This man could land a blow on me tonight. First of all, I want to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ for giving me the victory here tonight. And second, I just want to say Belfast, you are beautiful. I love you guys. Every time I've come to Belfast, it's it's like a homecoming. It's like a homecoming for the Gypsy King. And 25,000 people came in here tonight and stood in the rain to win this me fight. I promise you, I'm taking the WBC title. And I'll bring it back and defend it right here in Belfast. Final words to you, Deonte, if you can make it brief, please. This has been an amazing journey. Belfast, you guys has been great. Your welcome has been wonderful. You are wonderful people. I'm happy to be here, but I'm sad to tell you Tyson Fury will not be bringing the WC belt back here. You guys can see me. I almost Well, Deontay Wilder, Tyson Fury, thank you very much indeed. We have to wrap it up there. But the fight has been set. The lineal heavyweight champion, Tyson Fury, against the reigning defending WBC heavyweight champion, Deontay the Bronze Bomber Wilder. The fight has been made. Stay tuned for further announcements as to where and when that fight will take place. But it is now official. Two champions facing off in the boxing ring for the WBC Heavyweight Championship of the World. [Applause] So there you have it. It is on Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder currently sharing a ring. They will get it on in the ring with the details to be confirmed next week. We understand probably Las Vegas by the end of the year. the lineal heavyweight champion against the reigning WBC heavyweight champion. Oh, big left hand and right. Tremendous shots from Hay. Left hook, right hand and and Chisora down in the bit. Wonderful left hook that was from David Haye. Blurring hand speed and Chisora touches down. Lovely shot and David Day is an exceptional finisher. Chisora holding on with desperation now. He's got one of the best chins in the business, but he couldn't stand up. And he's got again. I don't think he's going to get up this time. The count of six and seven and eight. He has. He's waiting. He stopped it. He stopped the fight. It's all over. And the great grudge match has been won by David Haye by stoppage. A quite brilliant left hook followed by the right hand. That was the first knockdown. And when it came again, Chisora was out. Great finish. Someone so joable like Derek Tisora to go down the way he didn't to be stopped the way he did. It just shows you know you it really doesn't matter how good your chin is if you get it there but with the right shot at the right time you're going to go. And that was an exceptional finish. David Haye salutes his public. [Applause] The fans celebrate. David Haye celebrates and Derek Chisora is getting a little bit of med medical treatment in his corner. I think he's okay. Paramedics are in there making absolutely sure. But the shots that took him out. the first knockdown. Well, that was just terrific stuff from David Haye. Lovely shot. Really explosive power. That's the thing with David Day. He hasn't just got the power, he's got the explosiveness that goes with it. The speed that makes an explosive when you got that speed and the power together. You know that that that is the outcome. That's the result. Paul, there are German commentators at ringside. Huge interest over in Germany in this contest. If Derek Chisora had won, he'd have walked into a fight against Vladimir Klitschko. I'm pretty sure of that. But David Haye now will send a message out to Vitali. You couldn't get rid of Derek Chisora in 12 rounds. And I have taken him out. Yeah. And that that was the logical fight to make. You know, if if if Derek was to win the fight, then the fight with Vladimir is there, the personal history. So now David Day is one. There's no reason why there shouldn't be a fight with Fatal Klitschko. Well, let's take a look at the punches that he was able to find. There's the left hand and there's the right. Right on the chin. Nothing stopping it whatsoever, you know. Perfect. Right on the button. He was gone off that. The right hand just just helped him over. Lovely shot. So fast, so sharp, and so explosive. The left hand pull was an absolute cracker. And then when the second knockdown came, well, yeah, the right hand just helped him on his way. Here the left hook was a peach right on the chin. Perfect parallel to the floor. Elbow right on the button. [Music] Here's the second knockdown. Chora being brave trying to fight, but when you when you're disorientated, there's no way you're going to fight. Great. Three right hooks, two left. So, all of them went through pretty much unanswered to the head. And David Haye, so far as Britain is concerned, has proved tonight that he remains top of the tree over here. And he has proved himself to be the superior man in the great grudge match. And those were the punches that ended it. And with that, Chisora knew that he was beaten. And right now they're hugging in the ring. Lot of bad feeling. And they hug. All the battle is over. Fin. Yeah, as you was asking for. Barry starting to faint a little bit more now. Anthony Joshua went for the [Applause] head. Huge round. [Applause] Look at Dubai creeping forward. The legs are unsteady. He makes it to the end of the round. They can't even hear the battle. It is chaos at Wembley. Needs to step in with a big gone again. He's down. His gloves touched the ground. The referee didn't do anything about it. He's down again. They'll pull that knock down. Is he going to let him continue? I think so. Good shot from Dubai straight away with a jump. This could be it. 2 3 4 5 6. Yeah, I just think that was a slip Todd on the canvas there. AJ talking to people in the crowd now. Oh, lovely J and he watch. There's no way back from this surely. Seven the T. It is over. Life dynamic destructive.