Kind: captions Language: en I'm with George Fox. We just had the USK versus Dubois 2 press conference. George, I saw you uh vocal as always during that faceoff. What did you make of the the presser this time around? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, it's show business, man. There's fights on Saturday. It's around the corner. Um I wasn't that vocal. Usually, you know, if if I had my own way, I'd be doing a lot more. Um but it's not my show. It's Daniel's show. And it's about rewriting his history and doing something about tomorrow as opposed to, you know, being stuck in what happened that fight, that fight in the past and whatever else. And he's ready. He's positioned to to go and create history. And I'm behind him and willing him on to do that. &gt;&gt; What did you make of the press conference? Obviously, one comment I picked up on is Egis Kilmer saying that you can't train the mind. Obviously, since that first uh Usyk fight, Dwir's gone on a tear. It seems like his mind has got a lot stronger. What did you make of that comment? Yeah, it's a stupid notion um that you can't change your mind because ultimately if we're going to buy into the narrative of you can't do that, then there's no such thing as as nurture. It's just all nature. Everything's innate. You're born with everything. It doesn't work like that. Life doesn't work like that. You have businessmen who have failed over and over again and become millionaires. You have people who are uh offenders in different institutions that reform themselves and become great people. So there's no such thing as you can't change your mind. the the whole concept of evolution, the whole concept of Usyk becoming better and better and better is because he was able to change his mind, to improve, to unlock new gears. So, that's just nonsense. Um, anyone with any intelligence would be able to to to snuff that out. Um, for Daniel, when you're looking from his perspective, people bring up the Joe Joyce fight. He was 21 years of age. Like, we know we've all got 21-year-old &gt;&gt; friends, brothers, siblings, whatever it may be. Um, it's a he was a young man. young young man. Even in the last fight, the Usi 25. This is a young man. Daniel is someone who's come through adversity. And each of these challenges as a man, you have the opportunity to either succumb to them and be engulfed by them or to overcome them. And I believe as history suggests, as the evidence suggests, he's gone away. He's worked in himself with his team and he's managed to to to face adversity. I mean, he got clocked with about 50 right hands in the Hervich fight, a knockout artist, by the way, and smiled at each and every one of them. So the notion he can't you can't change your mind, you can't improve, I think is very disrespectful. &gt;&gt; There's been a few comments uh suggesting that Usyk, you know, team DWI is under the skin of Usyk and we haven't seen Usyk kind of acting like this before previous fights. What do you make of that? Obviously, you might be part of the reason for that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. He doesn't like me, doesn't have my dad's uh indifferent about Daniel. It's it's a strange one, man. back to I've said this on on multiple platforms now and for myself it's weird like I'm not known like that I'm not a household name but people people in boxing not everyone but a significant amount of people know me um I've always they've always said what a nice young gentleman what a well-raised young man and all and all of a sudden I've had this one running with us they're like who's that look the reality of it is I asked the guy a question he didn't like simple as that and I didn't do anything disrespectful he actually started the form of disrespect of challenging for fights of whatever he said was initiated by him I'm here as an extension of my father. I'm his only child as well. It's a big, you know, responsibility and I'm here to win and whatever that takes. Uh, be that mental warfare, mind games. I would have done a lot more if it was like I'm not involved. I'm involved, but you know what I mean. &gt;&gt; What would you have done? What would you have done? &gt;&gt; Listen, I'll have I'll have a whole population after me. If I say what things I would have done, I'll have a whole population after me. So, we'll leave the politics out of it. But, um, you have to do these things and especially, look, a guy like Usyk, this is a guy who's unbeaten. So you can't just go and do what everyone else has done. If you do that, you'll fall victim as everyone else has done. So you have to change things a bit. And look, you everyone's saying it. The guy was rattled. The guy reacted to me. Little old me. What? All of a sudden, he's offering me out for street fights. So what can I say? &gt;&gt; Yeah. On that street fight, there was actually an offer from Alexander Usyk, you know, the the former undisputed world champion for a 4v4 in the center of London. Is this going to happen, George? &gt;&gt; Obviously not. I mean, I would love it to personally, but um obviously not everyone. &gt;&gt; Were you surprised when he said that? &gt;&gt; I didn't not really. I It's just more what I find funny is we all love this sport. I've grown up around the sport. I've grown up around these guys, the guys that have been at top of the game from the Tyson Fury to AJ to Lennox Lewis. And while these are incredible people, we're still human beings. And there's this notion that Usyk like his country's at war. He does this. This is separate the two things. He's an masterful boxer. He's not Superman like Deadly. This is not Superman. Everyone's like, "Oh, who's this? I've been called a Weatherspoon's bouncer. I've been called uh Troy Dean's double. They've said Katie Price's son has gone on a runner again." I've had it all and I love it. Listen me, I'm not sensitive. I've got you laughing now. I'm not sensitive. I love it. I embrace What's that? You got to cut that one out. &gt;&gt; Cut the last one. No, I'm joking. This the last the last I'm not sensitive. I love it. I love the banner, but let's not get carried away. This is not like the public get, you know, real ass lickers, man. Just come out the US is an incredible champion, but let's not, you know, worship every move that he does, everything that he says. He's the one actually got disrespectful, not me. So, don't take it out and let old me. I'm just here just defending my dad. That's it. &gt;&gt; And just finally, Saturday night, what happens? I know you would have seen uh Daniel training training hard with your dad in camp. Saturday night, what happens? Look, I said the same on camera for the AJ fight. Sport is about doing the right things at the right time. And some people take that as, "Oh, he's avoiding the question. He's not confident." Not at all. But sport ultimately is about that. And we've devised a game plan. Daniel's trained meticulously, trained his heart out. He believes in himself. I'm an incredible team. He has an incredible support system, but more than all, he's got belief in himself. And he's got this uh momentum behind him, and he has devastating power in both hands. And if he's able to assert his identity and do what he's capable of doing, he will stop Alexander Usyk. That's for sure. So, it's just about him showing up, being true to himself, and believing in himself and seizing what is already his. &gt;&gt; Well, listen, we hope it happens. And George, thank you very much for for speaking to us. &gt;&gt; Thank you. I was chose.