Kind: captions Language: en Boxing is full to the brim of [music] rags to riches stories. One of the greatest that we have had in this country. It's the story of a little Yemen kid living above a shop in Sheffield. He went on to become Prince Nasim Hammed. Tonight we celebrate. We look back on the glorious career of the prince, the former world champion who lit up both the UK and the US because he's got a film about him. It's called Giant. It's got Pierce Brosman in it as Brendan Engle. Tonight we're on the red carpet. We're going to have a little walk. We're going to have a little talk. We're going to catch up with the stars of Hollywood and the stars of boxing. I'm good, my friend. How are you? &gt;&gt; I'm good. I'm just here with my boys at the moment and we just we're just passing through on that red carpet. Tonight is a it's a big night, isn't it, for the movie game. If they're going to if they're going to make films about you, you might as well turn up and just give them a little glimpse of the prince. Yo, &gt;&gt; you know how we do. &gt;&gt; What did you think when you first watched the film all the way through? What was your first feeling, Naz? &gt;&gt; I had mixed feelings. Um, I really like the little dude on the way up and cheeky. &gt;&gt; He's cheeky, but he looks like that he had his mind set on big things. So, there's bits that I like about it &gt;&gt; and there's bits that I made that I don't like about it, but the last part of that film for me was classic and it captured the whole like film. It captured the whole story. And that last part I said to the director, I only wish that could have really happened in real life. So I want people to watch the film, enjoy the film and concentrate for that last that last thing, that last the closing part of it. And I think I honestly believe people are going to enjoy it. Are you proud of yourself? You're just a a little Yemen kid living above a shop. You got a film made about you. &gt;&gt; I'm still that kid. &gt;&gt; You know, we don't change regardless what's happened, regardless what you've accumulated, how many belts you won. You We always realize that our feet remain on the ground. I'm the son that my father brought up. Do you know what I mean? Um I've said a lot of things in the past. Now I'm in my 50s. I'm more mature. I've got three beautiful boys. Um, and what can I say? I I this is a proud moment for me. There's they don't make many many films about sports people in their in their, you know, about them in their field. And I've been one of the ones that's privileged. But if you think about it, how can it not be that way? &gt;&gt; Had to be, right? &gt;&gt; How can it not be? I mean it it's great for everybody, you know. Listen, there's so many people that we was able to touch in that time which was a moment in time and now it's coming around again. It's coming around and there's going to be more documentaries and more films. Uh and I'm I'm looking forward to doing a lot. &gt;&gt; What can young boxers learn from it? Final one, Mez. &gt;&gt; Uh young boxers. Well, that that that supreme confidence and that that talent and that that that whole swag and just to know that to believe in themselves and and even better than all of that, if you're a Muslim and you believe in Islam, it's it's a strong powerful thing. I mean, you've seen them fighters today that that are that are strong Muslims and um they're they're focused and I mean, look at it's it's um it's unbelievable what you can achieve when you've got that belief in Allah and you got that belief in yourself. So, it's having that communication, have that get that connect with the one, the creator from up above. I I believe in the creator of the heavens and earth. He gave me what I have today. I would I wouldn't be nobody and nothing without the blessing of what Allah has given me. That is a fact. Before you can ever be great, you have to be grateful. And I'm so grateful. I stand here as a proud man with three beautiful sons behind me and a beautiful wife for 30 years. But everything is from Allah. And that for me is the be all and end all of it. And that's why this head needs to go. This head needs to go five times. It needs to go five times on the floor. &gt;&gt; You are grateful, Naz. We are so grateful for you as well. Congratulations on this. Go and enjoy your night. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Cheers, &gt;&gt; mate. So, Frank Warren, the real Frank Warren. We work for him. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, Frank. Oh, hello Frank. How are you, mate? [laughter] Oh dear. Has he seen the movie? &gt;&gt; I believe so. I believe he loves it. &gt;&gt; I hope so. I mean, Toby does a knockout performance. And of course, Toby and I saved the world. And well, he tried to destroy the world and I tried to save the world, but Toby is a good mate and he is so pitch pitch perfect in this film. &gt;&gt; As were you. That's what I keep hearing as well. No one has played Brendan Engel like you. Obviously, you're the only one that's played him, but tremendous performance. What drew you to the role? &gt;&gt; It was the writing. Rowan Athali's writing was so poignant, so beautifully embroidered with a human heart. And Rowan you know as of Indian origins his family &gt;&gt; living up in Yorkshire living in Sheffield leads he knew about what it's like to be an outsider trying to be part of a community and for me being an Irishman &gt;&gt; coming from Ireland to England in 1964 as a boy of 11 you know was green as the grass and going to Putney comprehensive school and kind of fighting your way out of it, you know, or and I mean that in the nicest way possible, but just trying to assimilate. Uh so the movie is about people coming from other lands and making their life and being passionate about who they are and the dignity of who they are and all wrapped up in the majesty of boxing and the courage it takes to be a fighter and the courage it takes to be from another land making another life for yourself. So for me and for Amia, I think we both and we never really talked about this. We never sat down and had philosophical conversations. This job happened really really fast, really fast, you know, and uh so that's some of some of the reasons why you want to make a movie, &gt;&gt; why it connects to your, you know, your heart and your bone. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And boxing is a sport where you can go from rags to riches. Are you a big boxing fan now? I do see you pop up every now and again on a red carpet here and there. Are you a fan, Pierce? &gt;&gt; I love I love the art of boxing. Yes, I I love it. I I the courage and the the beauty of it and the the brutality and the blood of it. Uh &gt;&gt; we're made of that, you know, humankind. There's no getting away from it. It's just how you temper it and how you make it uh get the ball rolling &gt;&gt; meaningful to people. &gt;&gt; There's so many great fighters coming through. Last one I'm going to ask you on. Who have you got your eye on right now? There's a lot of noise about young Moses Itama. I don't know how much you've seen of him, but are you a fan of the kind of the young crop coming through? &gt;&gt; Well, see, I I'm a I'm a fan, but I'm not that deeply entrenched in it. You know, I I I saw Naz fight Madison Square Garden. Uh, and I went there in the heady days of being James Bond, all the doors open for you. And and I I saw this great man fight. Little did I know I was going to end up playing his trainer, his brother, his father, you know, and you know, the story is is is It's a love story &gt;&gt; in the sense that father son relationship and broken hearts and &gt;&gt; dreams and wishes that get mangled by money and fame and losing losing the self. &gt;&gt; A story beautifully told. Congratulations and see you soon. &gt;&gt; Cheers. Cheers. All the best. &gt;&gt; Big day, Adam. Uh your dad's a star. You're a star. We're all stars. This this is great, right? Not yet for me, but proud of my dad and it's uh it's not every day they make movies about you, you know what I mean? So, super proud day and looking forward to watching it again. I've already watched it. It's a great watch and I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; What was the feeling when you first watched it at the end? Did you cry? What What was it? Be honest. &gt;&gt; I'm not really a crier, David, to be honest, bro. So, I didn't I didn't tear up, but it's definitely got emotional parts of the movie. And it's mad to see uh it's mad to see the story as him as a kid and how he evolved and how big he got so quick and uh I think the name of the movie really fits the uh fits the part giant. He he was a giant in the sport and and and it's lived on. So now the movie is here so the next generation can see it. &gt;&gt; Did anything surprise you in the film? &gt;&gt; Yeah, a few things surprise me. You know what I mean? I felt like um you'll have you've watched it already. &gt;&gt; I've seen a few bits. I'm going to watch it properly now. A lot a lot of things surprised me, you know what I mean? I feel like it shows, like I said early early in his career, how it was how it was a bit racist back then in the day and how uh how England's evolved a little bit. So, it it was a different world back then and I didn't know it as much until until you watch it and you see it in real life. &gt;&gt; Has it kind of made you I mean, obviously you got the utmost respect for your dad, all the love. Has it increased that at all? &gt;&gt; It was always there in anyway, you know what I mean? Like the utmost respect's always been there. Yeah. to you like he's Princeton seemed to me it's dad you know what I'm saying so it's always been there on on a on a respect level um it just every year he gets bigger and bigger like it genuinely it's crazy to see what's going on &gt;&gt; has it lit more of a fire in you in succeeding in your career of course you're back January 24th that's your next one but has it made you kind of go yeah come on I'm ready to go &gt;&gt; yeah I was already ready to go but most most definitely I feel like uh I was always hungry agree for it and uh 24th of Jan I get to put it I get to put it to rest but um it's unbelievable is it I'm lost for words brother to be honest with you &gt;&gt; congratulations this is a big night for your family &gt;&gt; it's a heavy night it's a heavy night &gt;&gt; enjoy blessing &gt;&gt; we just grabbed Johnny Nelson as he uh as he sort of assaults Dominic Engel there &gt;&gt; yeah you know what I think until I saw the shoulders I knew it was Dominic he overshadows me it's like an eclipse so uh nice to see him &gt;&gt; you are a larger than life character as well, just like the giant himself, Prince Nasim Mhammed. How are you looking at tonight? This this is amazing, right? &gt;&gt; You know what? I I've I've heard so many things about the film. I've not seen one bit of it. Uh I'm a bit of a crybaby. Everybody knows it. Uh and last night in sh in Yorkshire, they did a a thing called Fight Club and it was on regional ITVs and it showed a lot of the old footage and I'm sat at home like so I thought a So I'm looking forward to this. I'm looking forward to it. There were some great days, right? You and the boys, you know, the Spice Boy himself, Ryan Rhodess, Naz, all of that. Great days. &gt;&gt; You know what? I I'm fortunate and old enough to to see all the eras coming through. The era of Harold Graham and Brian Anderson when they they kind of set the set the start set the stall. Then when Naz came on the scene, uh, and so I saw the rise and the fall of it all. I was behind. I saw it all. So when you're seeing seeing what's in the press, when you're hearing the stories, you know, there's there's the truth. Uh, and there's the lies and and there and when you see it, you think, "Wow." And to me, I think they were the best days, the best days ever. Uh, because now I look back, I think, wow. I just think I I couldn't it couldn't have been any better. That gym was so successful. It told so many stories. The gym was so inspiring. And today, would a gym like that be able to exist? I don't think a gym like that would ever exist again because it was it was Brennan was a circus master and he had to be a special kind of lion tamer to be able to control all those characters. Naz was was larger than life louder than anything and and and but remember Brendan taught Naz, myself, Ryan, the youngsters, the kids you would never know of exactly the same. But once the penny had dropped, once you'd listen, you got it. And then all of a sudden, champions upon champions started rolling out the gym and people couldn't understand how he did it. And so it was just an amazing thing to see. And I think what Naz achieved, regardless of what you think of him personally, this guy uh did amazing things. I think he underachieved. Uh and I believe what Brenda said, he underachieved. And I think for Sylvester Stallone to get involved in something like this, uh to be inspired and look at him, you realize how big Naz was. I remember being in New York, Michael Jackson turning up, did he turning up? They all turn up, you know, Brad Pitt turning up and thinking, "Shit, you don't know there." So, it was cool. It was all right. &gt;&gt; It feels like this is not just a celebration of Naz. This is also a celebration of Brendan. A celebration of perhaps being different. A celebration of, you know, a race triumphing against racism. It's a celebration of so much. &gt;&gt; Brendan went part of the lesson was he said on the pubs in Sheffield, it says uh uh no blacks, no dogs, no Irish. He said we WERE BELOW THE DOGS. SO, so and it was funny, but he show he taught us a lesson of life. And uh it wasn't just about being a fighter. It was about being able to to hold your own, be able to talk to anybody and everybody. And you look at most of the characters that come out of the gym. And and again, Naz broke the mold. And Naz, he he set a standard where people think, "Oh my god, Naz, now people look at him. You think this guy's special." I think Naz was an unbelievable talent. I saw this boy on fire. uh an unbelievable talent and Brendan knew how to get the best out of everybody. I always say David Beckham wouldn't have been David Beckham without Sax Ferguson in my opinion. Naz would have never been Naz without Brendan. And so you can all you've got to see somebody that understands how to bring the best out of individuals. I'd be around Brendan. He talked to kings. He talked to to to in chief inspectors. He talked to persisters. He talked to everybody and he had such a way about him to get the best out of people. So I felt fortunate. &gt;&gt; Pleasure speaking to you, Johnny. And uh I'll let you crack on. &gt;&gt; Always. Uh got your tissue. [laughter] &gt;&gt; You're going to need it. You're going to need it. Cheers, mate. What a masterpiece of a film. What a story. It feels like it's more than just a boxing story though, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I think we really wanted to tell that explore that story of a biopic about a trainer and a fighter. That relationship is a bit like a father and son relationship that's a lot more, you know, the prince. A lot of people know about him. They know his featherweight world champion. He was incredibly charismatic and a really entertaining fighter. But there was much more going on behind the scenes. You know, Brendan Engel found Nazim when he was seven years old. And at 8 years old, Brendan was saying to the world, "This kid's going to be world champion." And everyone laughed at him. 10 years later, he was world champion. That's an incredible story. &gt;&gt; It's a rags to riches almost like a true Brit grit kind of story is living above a shop. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And look, look what happened. It's incredible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Absolutely. So I uh we made the movie without Naz's involvement, but we showed the movie to him afterwards and he told me an incredible story that when he first went at seven years old to the gym, this is real Naz said I I was told I I looked at it and he looked a bit like tag and I was like what do you mean? He goes it looks like it, you know, the game it basically don't get hit, run around, don't get hit. And he goes and I'm good at that. And that was a part of Nazine's persona. He was like, don't get hit and just hit back harder. And that's a brilliant sort of ' 90s philosophy of like boxing is a brilliant way. And that's what he showed on the on on when he fought. He was incredible. He was so impossible to hit. He was so agile, such a brilliant entertainer. That's why he became world champion. &gt;&gt; What do you feel modern boxers could learn from Prince Nasim Mhhammed? Because there'll never be another one. There's only ever going to be one. But how could someone become the next Naz? &gt;&gt; You have to ask Naz that. I don't know that one. Look, I think I think the thing about look, you do have some really larger than life characters right now. you know, Tyson Fury and some other great heavyweights and different, you know, Chris, you know, Chris Eubank Jr. and Arjo Ben Jr., some great amazing boxers in the world today. Um, but I think there was something that was so unique about Naz. He was just so entertaining. He was so, you know, it was a mixture of that confidence and that and that strong willed nature of I'm going to win. He would step into that ring going, I'm going to knock you out. And that confidence, you need that. That's a sports persona that it's very hard to replicate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, if we talk about what other boxers could learn from it, I guess that that unshakable self-belief, that's very much what NASA was all about. &gt;&gt; Very much so. And you know, some people call it arrogance, and I wouldn't call it arrogance. I'd call it confidence. You know, 31 knockouts, that's confidence. It's hard not to be confident when you knock every other opponent out, and that and you got to you but you got to applaud that. People look at arrogance as if that's a negative thing. You know, that is, but overconfidence is just just confidence. That's a great thing. &gt;&gt; I can't wait to watch it in full. Uh thanks so much for having us. And uh yeah, congratulations on a masterpiece. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it. Cheers. Thank you. Cheers. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay, Rowan, what made you make this masterpiece? What went through your head? &gt;&gt; I'm glad you called it a masterpiece so I didn't have to. Um, what made me make it? I became a filmmaker because I loved Rocky. I became a boxing fan because I loved Rocky. I combined both those things and wanted to make this movie. Um, but also look, um, I'm a huge fan. I was a huge fan of Naz growing up. It meant a lot to me. I grew up mixed race about six miles from where he did. and um you know we had a lot of the same issues and uh he was a big inspiration to me and my brothers as his career went on and I began to under understand you know the story behind the man more it just occurred to me that you make a truly cinematic movie and um yeah you know I've been wanting to make this film for 20 years &gt;&gt; that's fascinating that you could resonate with some of the issues so there's so many stories in the film that feels like one of them the race relations the triumph over that sort of adversity &gt;&gt; yeah absolutely absolutely and look what we never wanted this film to be was a lecture. You know, we wanted this to be triumphant. We wanted it to be fun. We wanted it to have that natural humor people like Naz and Brendan and people of Sheffield have. You know, we wanted this to be uh, you know, a roller coaster ride and and authentically a roller coaster ride for people. But at the same time, that doesn't mean that you can shy away from the real issues that occurred at the time. You know, the 80s and the '90s were very different than today. Today's not perfect. Then was really imperfect, you know, and so we uh yeah, we wanted to show the truth of it. Feels like the sort of film normally when you leave a boxing film, you come out shadow boxing, you want to hit a bag. With this one, you want to do that, but you also really want to have a good long think. &gt;&gt; You really do. You really do. You know, um, look, I didn't want to structure it as a typical boxing film would be. Um, it's uh, it's about the it's about a father a father-son love story, you know, paternal love story. It's about um how you know that fatherson relationship forged one of the greatest you know careers in boxing but how the success of that career you know corrupted the relationship between them you know I want people to you know I want people to feel the uh um feel the emotion of it you know it's the boxing scenes we concentrated on them we wanted to get them right we wanted to get the fights right but we really wanted to get the relationships you know the relationship between Brendan and Naz right and we wanted that to resonate &gt;&gt; what can today's boxers learn from Prince Nasim Hammed. &gt;&gt; Uh they can learn that showmanship is huge. Um the dedication from a young age, you know, is uh uh huge. Loyalty to the people that got you there can also be huge. &gt;&gt; Congratulations on a masterpiece. I'm going to enjoy it properly tonight. &gt;&gt; Fantastic. Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; Nice to see you, &gt;&gt; Tom. What a proud day, right? This this you must be so proud because this is not just a celebration of Naz. This is very much your father story, too. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. It's about the Engle gym. It's about Brendon. It is about Brendan and as it evolves everybody else. Everybody got involved. Um and I think they they've got the characters. I think um Pierce plays a fantastic part as Brendan. I think Frank Warren is you know I'll be happy with that. I don't know if Frank's seen the film, but I think he he portrays Frank in a very good in a very good way. I think it's great because when back in those days when you talk to Frank, Frank was very much like this is what we're going to do. We're going to conquer the world. Um, you know, Frank was a young young man back in those days. He got a lot of ambition. I think that was part of the success of the story. I was just looking back uh over the over Naza's record and in uh he won the world title in 1995 and I remember in 1995 he must have had four or five fights or four fights and the that year from January to boxing Robinson in September. That's a busy schedule. And my dad said to Frank, "Keep him busy, Frank. He needs to be kept busy." and Frank kept him busy all the way up to that night. So he he was never out of a training camp and he made sure that they got the guaranteed result. &gt;&gt; I love that as well because I think he was a super bad super banterweight that popped up in the featherweight rankings. &gt;&gt; What they did is it was a very smart move. I always remember Naz was a super bantamweight and he was something like the international champion and there was a rule back in the WBO then if you were a world champion at a lower weight you could move up to the weight above and challenge straight away for the world champion. But Naz wasn't a world champion, but I don't know how Frank swung it or whether he chucked enough money at Steve Robinson to take the fight. He got Naz elevated from he'd never boxed as a fair before. Moved him straight into that division and went to Wales. You know, the rest is history. Fantastic night. It was absolutely rammed. The stadium was packed. They were all vocal for the Welsh singing, everything else. And you know, Naz put on a masterclass. &gt;&gt; I think a lot of the film is about I mean, it's obviously about the relationship between your father and Naz as well. the tempestuous kind of relationship, ups and downs. How kind of accurate is it from your perspective? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's he's got, you know, obviously we were John and myself were were consultants on the film. So, you know, we got the stories and and we we we we spoke with Roman and told him how the stories went. Uh and you could have put us in a separate room. We' have told the same story because obviously we were only there at certain times. There was all the stuff that went off behind the scenes with Brendan and Naz in telephone conversations, but you have to remember we see Naz in the morning. you know, see him in the afternoon when he was training or at a fight or whatever and then the rest of it was just between Brendan and Nas. So, the conversations whatever was was was unique to them. So, what I saw in the film of how it involved us and how it was portrayed was accurate to what I remember. &gt;&gt; When you first saw Pierce as your dad, what went through your head? &gt;&gt; Well, the first time I saw him, we went up to the the place where they were filming and and Pierce came out and from a distance we saw him and my brother went, "It just looks like me dad." And uh we we got talking to him and yeah they he they he played the part perfect like the mannerisms uh you know just the way he was the way he spoke the way he just paused and thought you know after 15 20 minutes into the thumb I'm thinking you know what this is me dad so he captured the part perfectly. &gt;&gt; Was any of it difficult to watch? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah it was difficult. I mean because it's sad times especially at the end um when you see everybody getting upset um especially Brendan and you can remember those times it was because it brings it back and it's something that we've put you know behind us it's it's a long time ago now 1998 so it's a long time ago um so yeah it is a bit upsetting towards the end and that's the good thing especially at the end when they show the pictures of Naz you know the proper pictures of Naz me dad me mother sisters who were uh go to get his when he gets his MBE Um, that's the reality of it cuz it's it's not a film then. It's the reality part of it and that's where really it gets you. &gt;&gt; I'm so glad that you are getting the recognition that, you know, he's got MBE already, but now a little bit later on later on down the years, people are telling Brendan Engle's story. So, I'm really happy for you. &gt;&gt; It's great because it's, you know, the gym's doing really well. It has done. And I always remember before Brendan died a few few years before he died, he said to me and me brother John, cuz it was his life work. It wasn't our life's work. It was his life's work. And he went, "Just promise me you're going to keep that gym going. Don't be knocking it down and developing on it." Because we did we did property. And I went, "As long as kids are walking in off the street paying the subs to keep it running and kids are coming in and want to do it, this gym's going to be open forever in a day. And you know, he died in 2018. We're now into 2026. My nephew Luca, who's John's son, he's 20. He's now kind of running the show. He's running got a professional license. He runs amateur shows. and I'm mentoring him to be the trainer just like my dad did. And that really involved just chucking us in at the deep end and seeing how it works out and just guiding him. So, it's going to be going on for another 30 or 40 years. And as long as people walk in through that gym door, that gym will always be a place for kids to go to get rid of some aggression, to find some confidence, you know, to learn about life and mix with different nationalities, different religions, different people, h you know, and get that experience and dealing with people. It's a great It's a great environment to be in. &gt;&gt; Long mate, continue and uh go and enjoy your evening, Dom. Nice to see you again. &gt;&gt; You too, my friend. &gt;&gt; Princes movie giant. It's only right that Shannon Ryan is in town. How you feeling about this one, Shannon? &gt;&gt; Do you know what? I'm so excited. Like, what a legend. And we're here today to watch a film about him. I'm so excited. &gt;&gt; Were you inspired by Naz growing up? Do &gt;&gt; you know what? I didn't come from boxing, but when I have been in boxing since 2018 and looking back at the past and obviously growing up, I watched boxing. Um, so yeah, he's a legend and you always like anyone when you when you watch him, you want to like be a little bit like him or add this, add that and um, yeah, I just think he's phenomenal fighter. You know, &gt;&gt; a lot of the film is actually about the relationship between the trainer and the fighter and that's quite like a tempestuous relationship. Can did any of it resonate with you? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. I think first of all in kickboxing my dad was my coach and then I'm with Aaron Woodcock now in my boxing. So, I feel like I know kind of like the relationships you have with a trainer, whether that's your dad or just a trainer itself. Um, so yeah, I just think it's really incredible. &gt;&gt; It's also touched a lot about the kind of race relations in the the late 80s, early '9s as well. Some of that feels like it hits a bit today. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. I think the time that we are now, it has changed, but we still get similarities of what happened before. &gt;&gt; What sort of learning did you take from the film? &gt;&gt; Believe in yourself. Be yourself and don't let anyone change who you are. &gt;&gt; Love that. Go enjoy your night. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much.