Kind: captions Language: en Nathaniel, a thoroughly entertaining fight with a very underwhelming decision at the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm gutted, mate. Like I said there in the the last interview, I I just looked too hard for a knockout. I was looking too hard and searching for the knockout. I shouldn't have should have just let my my shots flow and counter them and I draw just as bad as I lost to me. Like I genuinely don't think I lost that. I thought I really controlled most of it, but &gt;&gt; you love and you learn. the draw kind of doesn't ruin the fight because it was an amazing fight. But the kind of reaction around ringside was just kind of oh no that's that's not what anyone wanted never mind you. But what we can't take away was how fantastic it was to watch that sixth round was round of the year. What what was the whole fight like to be in for yourself? Amazing. And I felt it in there and I was in my head and in the corner I could hear Joe like stop doing what you're doing. In my head I knew what are you doing? But m I grew up on like Timothy Bradley and Podnikov and the guys that were just there and rough and ready and ready to go Sean Porters. You know what I mean? Like that's everybody here will remember that fight tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And everybody watching will remember that fight. &gt;&gt; That's what you're in the business for, isn't it? Yes. To win the world titles and it's and it's a job. But it's entertainment, right? &gt;&gt; That's the entertainment business. If you know, if that puts bums on seats and we get back here again, then it's a win. &gt;&gt; If it's run back, and I think pretty much everyone who watched that would like it to be run back. What would you do differently next time? Uh, just not not try and load up and get him out of there. I was too eager. Like, I'm back home. It's my first headliner. I wanted like a highlight knockout again. And uh I think you could see like I was waiting too long to throw that big shot and land that perfect punch and it just wasn't coming. And it was it wasn't me. That wasn't a great performance. &gt;&gt; Opponent was good. Seriously good. Tough. Unbelievably fit, wasn't he? &gt;&gt; Better than what I thought he was going to be. But I did watch him and uh I've seen that he was awkward and I've seen him hurt before. So I just thought I had that bit extra to get him out of there. And I'm off. &gt;&gt; Listen, it ended up being what it was. It was a cracking fight. And one last word is about Scottish boxing. You said it on your on TV on air interview. Scottish boxing's booming. These nights are amazing. That's two fantastic boxing nights in Scotland in the last what, three, four months. They've got to keep coming, haven't they? But tell people why they got to keep coming. &gt;&gt; If you watch the Josh card, it was knock out on knockout on knockout. You watch this car knock out on knockout on knockout and we're fighting people. It's entertaining. We want to come. We want the people to have good nights out. This is what we live for. So, um, like I said, 10 times out of 10, you come here, it's going to be a banging card. So, &gt;&gt; another one. Well done. Enjoy your night. Get some rest. &gt;&gt; Cheers. Thank you.