Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for our feature bout. It is scheduled for 12 rounds and will be for the WBC silver and Commonwealth Midweight Championships brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors 32 Red Ubet and Hype Energy UK. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge and WBC supervisor Charlie Giles along with the World Boxing Council President Maicio Sullean. CBC supervisor is Debbie Down. Timekeeper is Nick White. Our three judges assigned scoring on a 10point bus system will be Victor Lachlan of Scotland, Kieran McCann of England, and Francisco Aosa Rosa of Spain. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be Mark L of England. [bell] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And now, ladies and gentlemen, FROM THE COPPER BOX ARENA IN LONDON, ENGLAND, THE TIME HAS ARRIVED. THIS IS OUR FIGHT NIGHT LIVE main event of the evening. [cheering] Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes in the ring wearing lightweight pink and weighed in officially at 11 stone 5 lb. Coming to us from Kuck Veil, Wales. He brings a professional record consisting of 25 wins, four defeats, one draw with 20 of his 25 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former twoweight British champion and former world title challenger, Liam the machine, [cheering] Williams. and his opponent across the ring in his main event. He is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ringer in red and weighed in the same as his opponent 11 stone 5 lbs. Hailing from Ilford, England, he is undefeated with 18 wins. 13 of his 18 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending WBC silver and Commonwealth Middleweight Champion, Hamza Sh. [cheering] What I expect they might come out of 41. [cheering] &gt;&gt; So the final words for Mark Lyson and we are all set. Shiraz 7 years younger, 5 in taller. He's the one with the momentum, but he also has 72 professional rounds under his belt compared to 75 at championship level alone from Liam Williams. Can Williams find a way to make it all pay? Working under Gary Lockett in recent times and for this fight, the watch word, Richie, has been from Lockett in preparing Liam Williams. We've been too reckless for too long. We're going to try and box and ask some questions of Hamza Shiraz. Does that play to Shirz's strengths in your view or does it potentially expose a weakness? &gt;&gt; Well, we'll see, Paul. But at the end of the day, I think what Williams has got to do here is just avoid that jab, especially in the in the first couple of rounds. The first couple of rounds are going to be crucial for me. I think Shiraz in his last contest was he started really really quick. He's got a great jab. It's accurate. It's fast. So what Williams has got to do, he's got to try and disrupt that rhythm. Take him out of that comfort zone when he's using that jab. That's what Williams got to try and do. And he gets caught with a straight shot. &gt;&gt; Straight left hook. Absolutely brilliantly delivered on the money. Williams was up in a tric. He's gone immediately to the corner relying on his experience. The eyes look clear at least, but is a wakeup call. Beat that, Richie. &gt;&gt; Yeah, straight away. So, it's the first couple of rounds. I said straight from the start that that he's got to try and avoid that jab especially and try and disrupt the rhythm of Hamza Shirz. But straight away, Shiraz is finding him with that shot. Three very sharp punches in the next combination from Shiraz. He's on his toes and he's on his metal tonight. He knows that there are a few whispers have been going around in the background. Is he all that? He started like all that, hasn't he? Yeah, that jab is so sharp, crisp. There's power behind it. And you see, look, Williams is in trouble already. That was a good jab. And now he's followed it all. Paul, the legs are wobbled there. Legs are dancing of their own valition and not in any coordinated fashion. This has gone worse than Liam Williams could possibly have feared in the first couple of minutes. And she is looking electric. What a shot. Williams walked onto it. I don't know if he'll walk away from the damage in this round. Yeah, he's just looking at the corner there as well. Great right uppercut set up again behind that jab from Hamza Shiraz. Can't miss him with that shot. There's no head movement from Williams and he's staying at range and just getting picked off with that jab. He's allowing Shiraz just to measure that that gap and that target with that shot and then he's bringing the more powerful shots through. Every shot from Shiraz delivered with a bolt of electricity. The full voltage is up. This is an absolute shallocking and it's all over with 23 seconds left in the opening round. If you want to make a statement, try that one for size. What a performance that is from Hamza Sheirz. WAKE UP WORLD. I'M COMING for all of you. Brilliant, brilliant stuff. Yeah, excellent stuff from Hamza Shears right from the opening belt. That's a brave call, you know, from Gary Lockach. Obviously, you know, they're very, very close. He he knew his boxer was getting hurt with some big shots. There's Frank Warren there just congratulating Shearz. But that's a brave call from the coach and and for me it's a good call. Fair play to Gary Lockett there. He was just getting caught with that jab time and time again. Good right uppercut was in there as well. Ham he just allowed Hamza shez just to settle into a rhythm and that's what we spoke about straight away. He's got to find a way to disrupt the rhythm of Hamashirz and he couldn't do it. There was no head movement. His feet were fairly slow and he was staying at long range. So, so he was a sitting duck really and with a jab like Hamza has got, he just picked him off. Of course, Liam Williams doesn't know how fast that jab is. He's only going to anticipate it beforehand in the buildup. But now he knows it's sharp. It's crisp and accurate. And it's a powerful jab. It's not just a sloppy jab. It's not um not a very powerful jab. It's a good jab indeed. But there's the right uppercut. So, he's got variation in his work as well. Let's have a look at it here. That's a super punch indeed. And Hamza Shearz, that is one hell of a performance. &gt;&gt; And Richie, to take you back to the last showing which did leave one or two questions unanswered. One of the big lessons apparently learned by Shiraz and Ricky Funes. Look at Frank Warren. That's taken him back a few years, hasn't it? Loving life and loving having a kid like Shiraz to bring to the next level, to top level. Liam Williams, I'm afraid, outgunned at the top level yet again, but never quite so comprehensively. And Richie, the jab tonight was perfection. You spoke about it in recent times. Did you see the evidence that they've thought about that and really delivered improvement on that? &gt;&gt; It's tremendous stuff, wasn't it, from that jab? But, you know, when when Gary Lockett and Lee Williams are preparing for Hami Shearz, they don't quite know how fast and accurate that shot is. They can only anticipate it, but also because he's got the height and reach, he throws it from a it seems like it's a mile away and it just hones in on the target and bang, it's got you. Every time you try and move and you set your own attack, then then he he throws it and he hits the target. There was just no head movement from Liam Williams tonight and he stayed pretty static at range and so it turned out then Hamza has just picked him off with the jab. Showed good variation with the right uppercut. But it's the lead hand that's done most of the damage here tonight. Paul, &gt;&gt; the British boxing writers know their stuff. In 2021, they voted Hamza as young boxer of the year. 28 of the 73 men who have received that award over the last what 50 60 years in total have gone on to become world champions. Ricky Funes didn't even need one session in the corner. It's his birthday just a couple of days ago. Ricky in the background there in the red in the ten goose gym t-shirt. I asked him what he got for a birthday present of Hamza. He said he broke my right hand [laughter] last week. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's why I know he's so good. Anyway, they're all friends now, of course, as you can see. And the hand is quickly repaired. Reputation restored, enhanced, going to the stars from what we've seen tonight. Thomas