Kind: captions Language: en s. And now, the verbal exchanges are done and the truth will be in the ring. David Adeleye and Jamie TKV, they've sparred so much in the past. Now, they lock horns where it really matters. And as Darren was saying, THE BRITISH HEAVYWEIGHT TITLE ON THE LINE. Famous valuable old belt, the Lonsdale golden. They want to get hold of, the two of them. TKV will be looking for a fast start behind that jab. He's got to be careful of Adeleye's power early. Yeah, Adeleye can really, really whack. 12 KOs on his record. But temperament is going to be so important here. They're going to have to listen to their team. They're going to have to control the way they're feeling. Bad blood obviously going into this contest. So, get the feints going. That's nice from TKV. Get the jab popping out. Then the right hand will follow. Both can throw Both good boxers. Lots of pedigree between the two of them. Ron Kearney, the referee, already involved. We saw John Latham just letting the super lightweights get on with it earlier. But these two heavyweights, they know each other so well, Barry. How much of a factor is that? It will be because some of your your your good habits or your bad habits have been exposed before. So, you can work you can train for that and work off that. But TKV, he he he dips low and throws a jab from the from the from the crouch, which works for him. And it gets him sliding the distance quite effectively. Because Adeleye, even though he likes to walk you down, he likes you to throw first. So, if TKV don't get that first jab correct, then he's a sitting duck. He's a target for for Adeleye to explode onto. So, he has to be aggressive. He has to get it right. Crafty with that right hand as well, TKV. He He We've yet to see it yet. But he really slings it in wide. Usually gets round the guard of his opponents. But Adeleye, I think there's a bit more accuracy in his shots. HE'S A BIT more well-schooled, I'd say. Sharper. There's a jab from TKV. He's got the weight advantage in there. But Adeleye, more experienced, and tries to get the uppercut going. Adam Booth in that blue corner with David Adeleye giving him some instructions. And a round of applause. You've got Barry Smith and Ben Davison in the red corner. It's quality all around the ring. What will we get inside it? You can see Adeleye just waiting to make the TKV to make that mistake. Yeah, it was nice that he slipped inside it. Yeah. I bet it grazed the target, that left uppercut. But I like the way he's thinking, Adeleye. He's looking to come over that jab, whether it be on the outside or inside. He's using his jab as as a zone there, Adeleye. He tries to force TKV to explode. And TKV just got to stay low. Got to got to slide into the distance for Adeleye. He's a smaller target. Yep. Told off Barry. No rabbit punches back of the head. Keep it nice and clean. Not been a great deal in this opening round. Just trying to get set, the pair of them. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; And there is Adam Booth in David Adeleye's corner. A wise and excellent trainer, of course. Guided David Haye to world heavyweight glory. And uh Adeleye with a really positive and smart trainer in his corner. But the red corner and the team of Ben Davison and Barry Smith are well red hot as well. It's fantastic to see. And uh wonder what the tactics are. They just know each other, these two. And they're negating well, rhythm really at the beginning. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exactly what we seen in that opening round. And I think that that's where the lead hand, the jab so important. Everything will follow. I've said it time and time again. I also believe in in in this current age of the heavyweight division, tempo and work rate is important. You can't be lazy. You can't be sloppy. And I think a bit more urgency. Look, it's still early. But but let's see someone grab hold of the pace of this contest. You just seen the the the booth influence there from Adeleye. Just a little twitch of the shoulders. He He like He changes his footwork a little little left hand and encourages you to come forward and then do a little twitch and explode into a combination or a heavy shot. And that's why that's why TKV go go to Solomon Dacres so impressively using that for the faster twitchy movements. That's what he instills in his fighters. I was just about to say that, Barry. Coming off that really good win, that blowout of Solomon Dacres, who was undefeated at the time. And TKV, a different sort of win last time out against Michael Webster. Had a few troubles, but came through in nine rounds. Hasn't always shown, TKV, but he's been difficult to budge, difficult to shift. He's a very solid heavyweight. He's trying to get that jab going now. And But again, he's dipping his neck before he dips his neck before he throws it. And that's important there cuz that So, it just makes it harder there for for Adeleye to really commit to that right hand. He has to chop down with it. You lose a little bit of accuracy when you punch down. He's got to keep doing what he just done there as well. Look at the variation with the lead hand. He's shooting it from the hip, but he's dropping it to the body. Get a little reaction with the hands dropping. Then you can look for that right hand OVER THE TOP. THAT CHOPPING RIGHT HAND FROM TKV. But Adeleye can't get his jab going here, David Adeleye, at the moment. And it's been messy, two first couple of rounds. Has he really thrown that right hand of his, Adeleye, with any real meaning as he? Yeah, that's better. Yeah. First right hand really from Adeleye. Tried to whip in an uppercut. It just missed TKV. But that looked a hurtful punch. Yeah, he he tried to explode with the left hook as well. And even though those those little twitchy movements are really impressive, you can't get real real torque in your shots and acceleration of pace. For a big guy to do that constantly, he's going to tire the tank. I think he's stopped him from throwing throwing the right hand, TKV, because of how quick he is on the feet. I think he he realized it, Adeleye. If he throws the right hand and he misses, he's vulnerable. A nice movement from TKV. Again, out of range with that jab, BUT NOT WITH the left hand there. Adeleye with the right as well. And a power shot at the end of the second [music] round. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; The wonderful new Co-op Arena here in Manchester. What a fight city. But it's a battle of the Londoners. From Ladbroke Grove, West London, it's David Adeleye. And from Tottenham, it's Jamie TKV. Did you enjoy the spicy build up to this one? I Do you know what? I didn't expect it. Well, where they knew each other, I thought it'd be respectful. Always thought felt that, you know, they'd they'd give it everything in the ring. We have yet to really see this fight catch fire. But yeah, it it took me by surprise, really. And I would say it it wasn't made up. I could see that TKV looked wound up with Adeleye when he threw that table. Just wasted a shot there, Adeleye. He was a little blind with it. He He had the idea of what he wanted to do, but he didn't really look at the target. It was a big swing and a miss, wasn't it? Yeah, I just I just think it's that little just little kick of the legs there of TKV is really working for him right now. His jab. Lovely, lovely sharp jab. The variation is keeping Adeleye thinking. Gets him Adeleye just got to let his hands go a little bit. That's all. And double up that jab as he can. He's doing the hard thing. Those lovely slips on the inside and the outside. That's where you let your hand go. He's He's just standing too tall when he throws that left hook there, Adeleye. So, he's only a second off. Waiting for that. He can't do that. Just a bit of frustration from Adeleye. Trying to clean it up. But TKV good with the jab maybe better on his feet Adam Booth is telling David Adeleye his feet are terrible TKV but his boxing okay here. I don't think his feet are bad at all actually. You know he glides in and out quite well. You were saying it earlier Barry off mic off camera about that jab the way he brings it up. Yeah he just he gets lower and it makes it harder to hit him clean and then he throws it upwards and it's makes it harder to defend against. His jabs are coming through the middle. Little faint there from TKV as well just trying to force Adeleye back a little bit. Adeleye off the ropes you know he's dangerous off the ropes as well with that right hand. He's waiting a little too long for Adeleye Adeleye. Playing possum here in the neutral corner David Adeleye they're not doing anything. TKV working harder. But he dips the shoulders Adeleye he throws the left hook but then he just comes too tall when he when he lets go and that's why he's trying to go over the top but just slowing down a little bit. You got to stay low when you throw and then extend at the very end of the shot. He does I like what he does when he slips inside and throws a left to the body but I think as this jab keeps coming out from TKV take the little head movement to the left as if you're going to throw the left to body but sling the right hand over the jab. Surprise TKV. Another lovely jab though from the North Londoner. Yep won this round well here TKV. Adeleye's just not throwing enough here. Yeah I was going to say that he's winning but not doing loads himself my TKV he's looking smarter with his work. Lovely jab there he again the foot and the hand working together in unison just stepping in with the jab. That's smart game plan so far [bell] for Jamie TKV. Battle of the heavyweights co-main event and then this one Filip Hrgović tall terrific power really good heavyweight who came through and then was upset by Daniel Dubois he was favorite to win that fight but he just sort of folded and Dubois came on strong didn't he brilliant win for Dubois. Yep Dubois is in his corner Darren. Yeah. Mr. [music] Sanchez knows his boxing inside out guided Golovkin didn't he all the way and this is a must win must win for Filip Hrgović must win for Joe Joyce an awful lot on the line. Yep Abel Sanchez part of the Golovkin team for many years and many other world champions under his belt was with Ronnie Shields Hrgović had a little move will that pay off against Joe Joyce a little bit later first British heavyweight title action and a belt on the line here a vacant one the 28 year old in the green with a long pink socks David Adeleye in with Jamie TKV who's 31 three years older not as much professional experience but he's he's winning this so far. &gt;&gt; Yeah I'd keep doing what you're doing if I'm honest he's frustrating Adeleye we seen you know in the last round where he's hit him when the referee said break just keep moving it's down to Adeleye now to to nullify this footwork bring your feet in go again a step. But he knows he has the power hasn't he that's that's so in this weight division more than any other you can afford to wait for the right time to let your hands go but he's got to be a little bit careful that's all he can wait too long. It's a quality Barry that arrogance of a puncher. Like I know I I had it as well. You did in the first round against Azumah Nelson but not for long Barry. &gt;&gt; Not for long mate. Into the fourth here TKV he's got five knockouts in his eight wins just one defeat that was on cuts so really both of them deserve this opportunity and so many top heavyweights watching on you look over there with Frank and George Warren flanked by Daniel Dubois Moses Itauma Dillian Whyte Fabio Wardley great stable great times. &gt;&gt; Yeah and what that presents is opportunity and a win's so important. Just missing with the right hand both of them there. Oh the left hook and tries the right hand over the top as well and TKV with a nod to say okay come on then. It's better from Adeleye he's still coming through tall with it otherwise he's got to look a bit smaller there with the attacking. Stay a little bit lower for more accuracy in that left hook. He's got to get his jab in the play here. He he does like to be reactive to the opponent but even when he's walking forward it's not working too well right now. Yeah the short punches from Adeleye can't quite execute them just looks at Adam Booth there in the blue corner. Yeah where is that jab Darren? &gt;&gt; Well look he's you mentioned Adam Booth there if you were to ask either corner ask me who's whose corner would be happier I would say TKV for sure you know he's stopping Adeleye from working with this footwork the jab. It's a little bit crazy Adeleye I've seen him just roll the dice it's still early but so much power in that right hand Adeleye but yet to really let it go. He's just got a jab going for the first real time there David Adeleye one back from TKV not much in these rounds but I'll tell you who's around and it's our man Charlie Parsons out and about Charlie. And Ryan is drinking a beer Ryan is on his phone. How are we getting people to come and have a conversation with you which means you're very important. Excellent. What makes you say that? Uh I just get the vibe the way you drink your beer you look like an important man. We're in here for the boxing tonight. Looking forward to a good night of action? 100% 100% I don't know who I want to win to be honest. I think I think Joe Joyce but I prefer an underdog so we'll see. What's going on in the day in a life for you you're enjoying boxing what's this week entail for you my friend? Uh this week I mean I've just been I've been filming with a guy named Steven Tries that's the man I work for. Just been making some six sketches. Six sketches. All right my friend have a good night at the boxing and enjoy many a beer this evening. Good man thank you very much. Ryan Locke good to hear from him and Charlie Parsons great to hear from him as ever. &gt;&gt; [bell] &gt;&gt; Infectious to be around Charlie. As are you Darren and Barry. Ah stop it I'll give you that 20 pound later Adam. I don't we need a little bit more action don't we in this to be fair? Yeah it has it hasn't been the greatest but you get this with heavyweights sometimes though the action sometimes isn't accurate and you know because there is a fear of taking a big shot and going to sleep and you you don't want to take too many risks but it's TKV's winning the fight winning the rounds I feel so it's on Adeleye to to really make the play here. And he has it in the locker. He certainly does have that power. Maybe he can detonate and he tried that with a left hook and he's promised a knockout and he's promised a spectacular one and he's going for it now just starting to put more venom into his punches planting those feet gripping into the canvas and TKV's got to be a little bit careful here. He's showing the arc of that left hook there Adeleye that's why it wasn't on target. But still don't slow down Adeleye keep pushing the pressure on you come up with a bit more intent. Yeah the pressure was better at the start of this fifth round keep it going. Put the right hand on the end of that left hook. See how few punches Adeleye has landed in this and TKV must be busier but the power shots with Adeleye we know that TKV boxing well just got to keep sensible and keep him at distance really doesn't he? &gt;&gt; Well I'll tell you what through four rounds you would have expected Adeleye to have thrown more than nine power shots there's another one there that's better with the right hand. Took it well though TKV and then used the ropes there just to lean back and then just think about the shot. What he's doing Adeleye TKV he's just throwing that jab and he's getting he's not doing any work after he's getting close to the target not allowing Adeleye to work. Good go for Adeleye from David Adeleye. Adeleye threw a couple of those combinations and good work with the jab again from TKV. Good little step back there as well from TKV. Maybe just one too many there Adeleye just take a step to his left or right I wouldn't be going back in a straight line. &gt;&gt; He certainly is frustrating Adeleye. He's stopped Adeleye from working yeah you're right there Darren. He was here really early tonight TKV quite chilled out backstage he's that sort of a character lovely guy to be around Adeleye as well with that big smile there's something that Frank Warren can do with these guys who's going to prevail and become the British champion it's a huge opportunity on this big show. A lot of confidence oozing from TKV at the minute nice rhythm with the jab little give in his step. I'll tell you what he's he's baiting TKV there but the forearm of Adeleye is constantly in the face there of TKV all the time. Again there it's on the blind side of the referee but &gt;&gt; That jab's been a real weapon tonight. TKV It's a an unusual jab for a heavyweight, but it's been effective. Ron Kearney with a lot of work to do, the referee. Sticks his tongue out, TKV. It's in the blue corner. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, out of it. Not happy there. Maybe used to the shoulder from TKV. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; He doesn't know what's going on. Well, seems a lot calmer in that corner. Yeah, he does. And I'm not sure if it was All right, indicating that there's some grease or something on on the body of TKV and it's making him I'm not too sure what it was that he was upper cut What punch? FROM DAVID ALLEN HE'S OUT. IT'S THE POWER. CAN HE GET UP FROM THAT? TKV LOOKS AT HIS CORNER. CAN HE FIGHT ON? HE'S GONE. HE DOESN'T really know where HE IS HERE. TKV HE'S GETTING A LITTLE BIT OF EXTRA TIME, BUT DAVID ALLEN COULD BE ON THE VERGE OF THE BRUTAL KNOCKOUT HE PROMISED. It's all Allen now. TKV IS DOWN FOR THE SECOND TIME. AND HE'S AGAIN LOOKING AT HIS CORNER. THE COUNTER PUNCH THE EYES ARE IN ORBIT. THE LEGS ARE NOT THERE. THE FIGHT'S GOING TO BE STOPPED HERE, I THINK. CAN HE GO ON? NO. DAVID ALLEN BECOMES THE BRITISH HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION. And after being outboxed, the boys called it. The power he has can be devastating. [music] LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, HERE IS the official time, 55 seconds of round number six. Our referee in charge, Ron Kearney, waves off the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, and now the British heavyweight champion, BIG D, DAVID ALLEN. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; TIME TO GO TO WAR, potentially for the last time, as Chisora faces a southpaw for the first time since 2000. And Richie, it's a small ring, 18 ft. We understand that is what the Chisora camp wanted. Does that intimate the kind of fight that Chisora wants to fight tonight? &gt;&gt; Most certainly. I mean, I've listened to a lot of people before this contest saying that Wallin is all wrong for Chisora. And he is if you let him box in a certain way. And Chisora, quite rightly, knows what he's got to do. He's got to get up close, rough it up, make it really, really nasty and dirty on the inside. That's the way he's got to do things against this fella. You know, Wallin is a is a 6-ft 5 and 1/2 southpaw. If you let him get into a rhythm and behind his jab and on the center of the ring, then it's going to be an easy night for Wallin. That's why Chisora has got to upset his rhythm, get on his chest. He knows what he's got to do. But the main thing, Paul, in my opinion, what he's got to try and do is avoid punches as he's coming forward. Little bit of head movement. If he can do that and then come back with counters, then just be a big problem for Wallin. But by doing that, he's going to take a lot of risks. That's why it's so important to try and avoid the shots as he's coming forward. And how willing will Wallin be to take the risk to turn his career tonight back into a good direction. He's always had the talent. There have been questions over the years about his true desire compared to the determination of people like Chisora. Nobody has ever said that Chisora belongs among the elite in terms of his technique, his overall athletic ability, but sheer determination can take a man a long, long way, and it's taken him into fight 49 tonight. Richie, the enticing prospect of a major world title fight potentially in fight 50 if it goes well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, indeed. He's one of the toughest guys in the sport, no question, Derek Chisora. But for Wallin, the left uppercut could be a major shot here, here, Paul, in this contest. If he whips back through the middle, that's why you see Chisora occasionally just throw just do the cross guard. Both his his arms come across his chest, and that's literally to stop that left uppercut cuz that could be a major shot for Wallin, especially if he sets it up behind his lead hand. So, they both know what they've got to do, and it's not been it's not been a bad start from Chisora. He's obviously got to get up to Wallin and and cause him problems on the inside. He's had one or two little glimpses of the target, Richie, and I don't think Wallin truly believed that he could throw a hurtful left hook early on. Chisora poured it on as he promised that he would do, right from the very first second of this fight. I am not going to let this kid settle. Yeah. Exactly, Paul. So, true to his word, on that front foot, he's taking it to Wallin. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And that's what he's got to do, make it as messy and as nasty on the inside as possible. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; All the pressure early on from Chisora. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Alex Demetriades [music] leading in the corner. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Alexis Demetriades and Russ Anber, the veteran on the outside of the ropes, on cuts tonight. Solid start from Chisora against Otto Wallin, who has looked tentative for me. Yeah, too tentative. It was um a decent round for Chisora. You've got to reward him for that front foot pressure. I don't think there was a lot coming back from Wallin. But Wallin now, sensibly, just he's keeping a tight guard and then just trying to peekaboo style and then just trying to catch Chisora with the odd shot here and there. That's why I think the left uppercut could play a major role for Wallin if he gets that into play. But for him, he's got to stay off the ropes. They've got to stay out of the corners, box in ring space. That will make it more difficult for Derek Chisora to close him down and keep his movement circular as regards to going back. That's what Wallin's got to do. See in that corner, they that See, he's just switched off there, and that's better now from Chisora. But he's got TO MAKE HIM PAY, PAUL. When you get him on those ropes, then let the punches go and try and find the target, especially downstairs. There you go. [cheering] And we've got north of 18 stone, 18 and 1/2 stone in this case, Chisora tonight. One of his heaviest ever weights, but he carries his weight magnificently, and I think he's underestimated, Richie, the kind of shape he's always kept himself in. And I think back to the Carlos Takam fight as an example, when he took an unbelievable amount of punishment, but Takam could not finish him off. Yeah, and he came back and he finished Takam off, incredible performance. But Paul, I think, you know, HE'S HE'S LEARNED FROM THAT SECOND TYSON Fury fight. If you remember, Tyson Fury, you know, he used to switch-hitter, and he fought as a southpaw for most of that contest. That was way back in 2014, and he just couldn't get near Tyson cuz he was he was sitting back far too much, and Tyson just controlled things. But but Tyson is exceptional, and we know that. But he's learned from that contest. He's going forward, he's doing the right tactics here, but just want to see him avoid the shots on his way forward, Paul. In that sense, he has improved throughout his career, making the most, the very most, of his ability. I'm not sure we can say the same about Wallin. Wallin has it all to prove tonight. Didn't seem to be the belief that he could deal with Anthony Joshua, having come so close to creating a sensation against Tyson Fury. At this stage as well, Paul, there doesn't seem to be a lot of belief in in Wallin at the moment, either. Maybe he's just trying to weather the storm a little bit. But again, [cheering] there's not a lot of landing by both boxers, but you've got to give credit to Chisora here. He's on that front foot. He's forcing the contest. Not a lot coming back from Wallin. He's trying to control the pace and distance and keeping the guard nice and high. But again, for me, Chisora has uh he's won this round. Swarming all over his man like a hungry bear, two rounds in. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Two rounds in. Welcome back, everybody. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Leading team Wallin tonight, Joey Gamache, former world super feather and lightweight champion. [music] Chisora has come out all guns blazing once more tonight. Into the third we go. They seem very composed, like that was all to well-ordered game plan this from Wallin. In that uh inter-round, Richie. Yeah, maybe &gt;&gt; They're good actors. Yeah, well, you know, maybe they're ex- they've expected this sort of um start from Chisora. But for me, there's not a lot been in in the round, but I just think you've got to give Chisora credit for that front-foot pressure that he's doing. And there hasn't been a lot coming back from Wallin. That's a couple of good shots from him, and there's Chisora then coming back. But again, once Wallin just starts to control the distance with the jab, and then the left upper cut to the middle, it could be dict- totally different. I think Chisora is saying, "Well, he's holding the back of my head." There's not a lot of people who can actually get away with the demonstration of that during the fight though, are there? See, so it's a You can see the approach from from Chisora. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; With that cross guard, he's trying to stop anything that comes up through the middle. He actually grabbed Wallin in a friendly headlock, and it was a friendly headlock during the weigh-in yesterday. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We don't Never, never take for granted that it's going to be friendly and good-natured with Chisora. We've all seen enough over the years. On his best behavior in that sense. Fighting to his plan. The first southpaw that he's met since Alexander Usyk in uh 2000. But again, I say it, Chisora, all these massive fights that he's had against {quote} better men, but he's ended up on the end of a defeat. There's something about him, he takes positives from it, Richie. He rebuilds. The big right hand. And I think Wallin's felt one or two of those. Yeah. Building and building the pressure. Wallin is not offering enough, surely, here. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; OH, GOOD SHOT. THAT WAS PROBABLY THE BEST OF the lot so far, Richie, but there may be more coming Wallin's way. It's a tentative showing so far from Wallin. Chisora is able to set up every single attack in his own good time. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Here he comes again with this Manchester crowd roaring him on. Yeah, again, the tip-taps from from Wallin aren't enough for me here. Chisora has landed that one good significant shot. Not a lot in the round at all, but again, he's coming forward. That's not a bad shot from Wallin, but for me, Chisora again. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] [cheering] [music] &gt;&gt; Not a lot to concern them in that corner, I don't think, so far. [music] This is the evidence of it. The right hand is finding the target almost at will here, Richie. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good right hand over the top there from Chisora. He landed it a couple of times. Not [music] a lot coming back from um Wallin again, who's on that back foot trying to control the pace. But again, Chisora for me, just got the round. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, into round four we go. Wallin trying to edge toward the center of the ring. Chisora back orthodox. And on the switch again. He's boxing at the moment, Chisora, like he has totally got Wallin's number. And I know it could be a long fight, and I know there's many a twist. And I've always thought that Wallin had ability, so he's not to be overlooked, but he's not putting on a show while Chisora gets down to work. What Chisora may have done here, Paul, he may have he might have felt a couple of shots from from Wallin, and knows that he can probably take them. He's got confidence as he's coming forward. Doesn't really respect the power, I think, of Otto Wallin. We know Wallin's a very accomplished um boxer, indeed. But yes, he may lack a little bit of power, and Derek Chisora has taken advantage of that. He's certainly he's very confident going forward. He's prepared to take a shot to actually land one here. Derek Chisora, that's the way he's boxing. They were both happy. I think it was a real telltale sign of what was to come when this fight was made. They were both delighted about it. There was no sense of that's a trappy opponent for me. Wallin try tried to tell everybody, "Listen, I really don't like Chisora, and I'm going to make him pay." But I'm not sure many truly believed him. Chisora almost lost his balance there, but it wasn't because of a big shot by Wallin, who continues to show not enough. Well, he's boxing in the wrong areas, Wallin is. And you know, his corner have got to say, "You've got to box in ring spacing against this type of guy, and you and move around the opponent rather than moving back to the ropes and the corners all the time." He's boxing very negatively on the back foot. He's not doing enough. And the tip and tap and trying to keep Chisora at bay for me isn't enough. The judges might see it differently, but Chisora again on that front foot forcing the pressure and the pace. And you know, he's having he's having the better of it. And yet again, Richie, Derek Chisora has opened a big 12-round heavyweight title fight, or in this case, a title eliminator, giving the public what it wants to see. Full commitment, determination in bucket loads, that dogged will to win, whatever is put in front of him. Wallin again looking under pressure. Sharp right hand on the inside from Chisora, then the uppercut. Wallin is not stopping many of these. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Chisora is boxing where he wants to box, isn't he? Like you said, head on the chest there, and just whipping a couple of shots on the inside. Clever boxing. Holding him occasionally, and then whipping one through. You know, the referee's not saying anything, so you know, he's getting away with it there. But nevertheless, clever boxing on the inside from Derek Chisora. Wallin could do again and off the ropes. He was slow Welcome back, everybody. Joe Joyce, future uncertain in the heavyweight division, are watching brief for him tonight. Many other of the emerging heavyweights and one or two of the superstars in attendance. And many other major figures from boxing's history, including the immortal Roberto Duran. Here to see one of his own. A kindred spirit, perhaps, in many senses. Every round so far on repeat, Richie. Chisora walking Wallin down. Wallin not throwing enough. Chisora two-handed and pretty accurate. That's the one thing that's catching my eye the most tonight, so far. Yeah, I don't think Wallin's done enough to win a round up to now, to be quite honest. I think Chisora, you know, that that front foot pressure. I think um he he he's boxed the way he should. It hasn't been pretty, but he knows he's got to get close to his man, and he's backed him up onto the ropes and into the corners. And and he's had a bit of success here and there, but Wallin's done very little. That's where he should be boxing from, but he's not doing enough. He's not throwing enough jabs. He's not keeping his man at bay. And although it's a bit scrappy here and there, but Wallin for me, you know, he's been a bit too negative. So much for the problem with the southpaw 2020 against Alexander Usyk, his last outing against a southpaw. Chisora with no problems so far working out how Wallin is trying to do it. The jab from Wallin carries no threat whatsoever. That right hand flicked off the top of the head. Wallin didn't take it particularly well though, and sometimes they can be damaging shots. That's a more solid right hand from Chisora who cannot miss. Yeah, just chin down, isn't he? And just whipping them over. Wallin failing to keep Chisora at bay. Hasn't brought the left uppercut through like we thought he might. Can't keep him at bay with this jab. The jab's too soft. And Derek Chisora he's just walking forward prepared to take that jab and then whipping that right hand over. And he he can't miss with it in this round. And not rushing either. I guess that's another advantage of all the years of experience. A very focused Chisora as if tonight above all other occasions any of the distractions, any of the outbursts of emotion beforehand that they do not play on the performance level. It was a sharper left hand from Wallin at last. But if the train keeps on chugging forward like this, Wallin's going to need something different, Richie, I think. Yeah, it's just a lack of concentration from Wallin also. Earlier he just had Chisora in the center of the ring and was boxing well. Then he gets taken back to the corner onto the ropes, and Chisora's back in control again. There's a little cut right eye of Chisora, we think. Chisora onto his toes. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; What a clever little twist in the plot, but overall Steve Bunce still has you seeing this, Steve. That's where we think the eye damage was done. There are actually two cuts, one over the eye and one underneath it. It's very clear as we look at the scoreboard that Wallin has it all to do already. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And one of the best in the business, incidentally, Russ Anber on cuts duty for Chisora tonight. Unperturbed, Chisora back to work. As we head towards the sixth &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; and halfway point in this fight, the 12-round eliminator for the IBF heavyweight crown to be fought for between Daniel Dubois and Joseph Parker. What a contest in prospect in just a couple of weeks. At this moment Chisora is set to be guest of honor out there again, I reckon, Richie. Yeah, the blood is starting to affect his eye. Now it's running into the eye, Paul, so he's got to watch that. And the referee will have to take a look at that pretty surely if that blood continues to just pour into Derek Chisora's eye. But nevertheless, um Chisora, you can see the confidence in Chisora. He's actually boxing, as I say, for himself now. He's got to watch that left hand that he walks onto a shot. That left with that left hand there of um Wallin. But Wallin now just gaining in growing in confidence behind his jab. And that's because I think Chisora's just slowed his feet down a little bit. Yeah, he's the referee. He's going to have a look. It would be the cruelest of cuts &gt;&gt; Yeah. if Chisora would be ruled out by this tonight. John Latham takes him to the neutral corner. The blood is running freely. He has boxed so freely tonight. There would be a bitter irony in this when Chisora has been on top of his game so much here. It doesn't look good. No, that's that's an awful cut, isn't it? Cuz it's running into the eye, so they've really got to watch what they're doing here, and it's a big call. But they're happy. On we go. He's got to stay orthodox now, Paul. If he goes southpaw, then he walks he risks walking onto that left hand of Wallin. So keep that right eye a further still away from that shot. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Well, here he goes, Derek Chisora, trying to close the gap down. Does Wallin now see this as his moment of opportunity? The door has opened for him even now. Does he have what it takes to walk through it? That's a nice little short left hand from Wallin there. Just measured with the jab and then whipped whipped it through. It's giving him a little bit of confidence, although he's still on that back foot. Chisora bravely still coming forward. If there's anybody who'd be undeterred by a turn of events like this, it is Chisora. He's handed Wallin an absolute boxing lesson for the first half of this fight tonight. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Little bit of breathing space at times in the round. And it's just breathed a little bit of confidence into Wallin's work, hasn't it? You can see now a little bit more authority with that jab. And he's just trying to catch Derek Chisora as he comes forward. But Wallin again tries to land that big shot. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; All the experience comes in rather handy in a situation like this. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; The message very clear from Demetrius Andrade, don't give him the opportunity to open the cut up more. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; On the cut, we have it confirmed now, incidentally, that the referee John Latham did indicate accidental the cut as a result of a clash of heads. So in theory, Richie, that it would go to the score cards. And he's ahead for me. But I give Wallin that round. &gt;&gt; Chisora ahead, but they haven't said that to him. It's almost as though they've disregarded that and told him to to continue to go about his work. As we go into the second half. And to keep that that eye further away, the cut further away from him, he's got to stay orthodox for me, Paul. Because if he goes southpaw, then he risks them walking onto that left hand, and the eye's a little bit closer um to Wallin's danger shot, which is his left hand. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; That didn't miss by much. Goodness me. But from Wallin's perspective, Richie, how many chances is this man going to get to really reestablish himself in the top echelon at a time of unparalleled riches in the game, unparalleled opportunity? I always go back to the show he put up against Tyson Fury, but he's been nowhere near that level for me since that night. And halfway through this fight, I just underline that. Yeah, not at all. And again, Derek Chisora knows he's got to get close, prepared to take a shot to land one. No real respect for Wallin's power. But it's the right tactic. Just get going forward. If we could just see a little bit more head movement, if he could just try and avoid the odd shot as he's coming forward also, that would be perfect for me as he's going forward. But he's strong, and he knows when he's up close, then that's his best chance to land um the heavier shots, Derek Chisora. Complete focus, no distraction from the first bell tonight. Chisora so determined to put on a good performance, which he is doing. Just a sense in this round that Chisora thinks I've seen the worst of this crisis over for the moment and I think I think that the blood is not flowing quite so freely now. That could change if Wallin could actually land a good shot on it which Gamache actually said to him in the corner. Can Wallin get those hands moving from that southpaw style? That's a little bit of better boxing from him seven rounds in. Chisora responds. Ties him up. There's a what nearly a a stone and a half weight differential between them Richie. Yeah, a typical example there of Wallin just controlling the distance a little bit better with his jabs. So it's better boxing from him. The feet have slowed down for Derek Chisora. I think he's naturally slowed down a little bit. Maybe tiring but he'll come through this cuz he's a type of fighter that does Remember he's a seasoned 12 round professional Derek Chisora. And really going for it here. Finishing the round strong. A SPECTACULAR SHOW LATER ON IN THIS ROUND FROM CHISORA. HE'S REALLY GOING FOR HIM. AND WALLIN is grateful. Very grateful to hear the end of that round. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; War baby. Steve, what's your view? &gt;&gt; [music] [music] [bell] &gt;&gt; Thank you Steve. Everything we are being told says accidental clash of heads. Scorecards would prevail in those circumstances and Chisora shouldn't have anything to worry about. I don't know when the if the battle whether anybody actually program all that Richie. That's our impression from ringside but the great thing about Chisora's performance tonight is just picked up and started boxing again. Yeah, incredible. Feeling the pace a little bit. He put so much into that last 15 20 seconds. Probably winning the round though that did. And he just just clipped the target with that left hook didn't he as he got Wallin on the ropes. If that would have connected it could have been all over. He just clipped him. But it was a hell of a an attack from Derek Chisora. And again Wallin in a bad position on the ropes just inviting the pressure. Sliding down the rope across to the other corner. Big left to the higher part of the head the temple. They can be very damaging shots. Chisora goes for it again. JOHN LATHAM IS POISED. COULD this be the greatest moment in Chisora's career? WALLIN HAS TO THROW BACK. THERE'S JUST NO STOPPING CHISORA. HE PILES ON THE PRESSURE. THE POWER. THE BIG SHOTS. WALLIN TOOK THEM WELL ENOUGH. ONE OR TWO LOW ONES THERE AT THE END of it. WHAT AN INCREDIBLE ATTACK THAT WAS FROM DEREK CHISORA. How many shots went in there? 15 20 punches maybe. Incredible stuff. Couple of low ones. THE REFEREE'S PULLED him up for that. HOW MUCH HAS THAT TAKEN OUT OF DEREK CHISORA? THOUGH PAUL BUT WALLIN THERE WAS CERTAINLY in trouble. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; WALLIN GETS ANOTHER BREATHER. He defied logic a long time ago in this career Derek Chisora. But it to me feels like in some ways he's rewriting the whole book tonight. That was a big big shot to start that salvo. He told us it would be all about the pressure but he's delivered some masterful boxing earlier tonight and he's now looking like Ernie Shavers in there the way he's landing these shots. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Unbelievable. Square with the feet but just letting his hands go. What a warrior this man is Derek Chisora. Wallin you have to give him credit there for coming through that but again 20 odd seconds to go. This is another Derek Chisora round. What can Wallin offer by way of a counter attack because if not it's another Chisora round here. You can see he's going to try and throw this right hand from here. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [music] &gt;&gt; Wallin gave him a little look. The look said you were something else. And now they're playing his song and not before time tonight. War. So this is an incredible. There was that left hook and then he just lets the punches go. There's eight nine 10 11 12 13 14 15 16. They just keep going Paul. It's an incredible attack from Derek Chisora. Some miss some hit the target. Downstairs switches the attack upstairs. Just miss misses with the odd shot here and there. Incredible stuff from Derek Chisora. And it all started off with that left hook. And then he just lets his hands go. Incredible stuff. Some of those shots are shaking the very foundations of this amazing new arena here in Manchester. That's like last 10 on the bag that is Paul. Trust me. I'll take your word for it Richie. One round on Richie's card to Wallin. Four to go if we get that far. Chisora doesn't look in the mood to leave it to anybody to score it. We might be looking at 400 professional rounds before this guy is finished Richie. Yeah, incredible stuff. The blood is spraying out all around the ring. The only person who seems oblivious to it is Chisora and Wallin backs away into the corner and now goes over. Latham sends it to the neutral corner. He's got more time OUT OF THAT BECAUSE CHISORA DIDN'T GO THERE. ONLY NOW does the count start. Incredible stuff from Derek Chisora again. Produces a shot. And now he's on the attack TO TRY AND FINISH WALLIN OFF. CHISORA BELIEVES HE CAN get it done HERE IN THE NINTH ROUND. EVERYBODY IN THE ARENA IS ON THEIR FEET &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; WITNESSING SOMETHING utterly remarkable. This performance tonight from Chisora. Yeah, it really is a you've said it Paul a remarkable performance. Where he gets his energy from Derek Chisora. It's incredible stuff. Again he's going for it. Yes it is scrappy here and there BUT WALLIN HE'S HANGING ON FOR DEAR LIFE HERE um Wallin. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Derek Chisora on the warpath again. Incredible stuff from him. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; The right hand. The big salvo follows. Wallin again does not throw much back. A tentative jab perhaps. More than a minute left in this ninth round. Chisora reckons that's easily enough time to launch another big assault. His durability and his recovery in fight Richie from periods of extreme exertion is something else isn't it? &gt;&gt; I mean he looks like he's out on his feet himself Derek Chisora. And Wallin he senses that but this is the trap THAT HE LEADS YOU IN. And Wallin he doesn't want to be walking forward with his hands low cuz look at Derek Chisora now he's just waiting. Look there's the shot there. But he just explodes into action with his punches. Fury and Joshua couldn't drop him of course. Wallin on the seat of his pants. And had Chisora gone immediately to the neutral corner that count might have had a different outcome I think. This is play acting for me. Chisora just drawing him into the corner. Acting as if he's really really tired. And he's just going to throw a shot from nowhere. You can just see what he's doing here. They're still trying to piece together in that corner Gamache and Wallin what is happening tonight. They have walked into a storm here tonight. Absolutely incredible stuff. Let's have a look at this here. Right hand over the top. Clips the target. [music] Down he goes. Wallin felt that. Let's have a look at it from another angle here. Ooh and he probably doesn't hit it clean. He probably just caught the temple. Or just the side of the head. Glanced him if anything. Let's have a look. Yeah, there it was there. It's a temple shot, but he goes down. Unbelievable from Dereck Chisora. And that's a 10-8 round. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; The tempo's been pretty hot at the last dance so far tonight. A few more tunes still to go. But the song has remained the same so far tonight. Chisora boxing the fight of his life. I think his tactics have been spot-on tonight, Chisora. He knows he's got to get up close, but last couple of rounds he's tried something different. He's actually tried to to draw um Otto Wallin actually into into the corner as if he's really really tired and walk him onto a shot. So, he's tried both ways really on that front foot closing closing it down taking the odd shot here and there, but catching his opponent with those right hands over the top and also drawing him into the corners making him overreach and then bringing him onto the punch also. Clever tactic from Dereck Chisora. He promised us war he always does. He promised us that he'd come out and swarm all over Otto Wallin. But he didn't tell us that he was going to give a boxing masterclass for a few rounds and then unleash fury upon him, no pun intended. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And here comes more. All around, Richie, people in this arena tonight are in awe. They are in rapture. It's almost as though they cannot believe what they are seeing from Chisora. It's one of those spellbinding heavyweight performances that I've been very lucky to see a few times over the years. Yeah, he's boxed really well. But the like I said, Paul, it's the tactics. And I spoke like I said before to many people who thought that that Wallin's style was all wrong for Chisora. But I I I kept making the point, well, it is if you if you're boxing a certain way. But uh Chisora for me tactic spot-on. He's got up close. He's made it messy and horrible and whip shots over the top. Here again, look, he's just drawing him in. You can Peekaboo time. Watch out, Wallin. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, Wallin he's not falling for it at this stage. That's why he's just measuring with the jab. Won't come over that front foot. He knows what's coming. But he can't win the fight like this, Rich. No. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; He's been outboxed. Who could ever have forecast that tonight by Chisora? And he knows it. And he's running short of time again, yet again, Wallin, to make his mark. He could do it, of course. Suddenly that tank could empty from Chisora. But who really believes that on what we've seen tonight? Better from Wallin. I think Chisora's just slowed down a little bit in this round, Paul. He's probably feeling the pace a little bit. I mean, he's he's fought at a terrific tempo as um Dereck Chisora. He just walked onto a shot there. Got to keep that head moving, bobbing and weaving when he's in front of Wallin, especially with the low hands. This has been a slightly better round for Wallin. &gt;&gt; [bell] [music] &gt;&gt; What now? Required apology for the language. The sentiment from Jerry Gash was very clear indeed. This is the same Jerry [music] Gash that fought Arturo Gatti. It was a very controversial finish that night. He knows about being on a war. Gash was a top fighter. He's always said that [music] Wallin could be a top fighter. Wallin has got to validate that belief from Gash right now. &gt;&gt; you know what, Paul, there's a sense of disappointment in that corner coming coming from Gash there. Let's see if that drills home the message in a way that Wallin understands. Chisora two rounds away from surely the most glorious chapter of all. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, look, I thought he lost the last round, but the previous round before that was a 10-8 round. So, for me he's way ahead, Dereck Chisora. But he only knows one way and you can't try and box him at distance. He's got to get up close. And that may mean just taking the odd shot here and there. So, head movement we need to see from Dereck Chisora trying to avoid them, but again on that front foot. See, he gets clipped there with a shot. Little hands a little bit too low. Of course, when Dereck Chisora is right up close, especially at short range, then Wallin just can't get any leverage in in his shots. So, his his work is smothered. So, again the tactic's spot-on from Chisora. The hands are still quick from Chisora. Maybe not quite the explosive force of the earlier rounds as you suggested, Richie, but he knows his way home, doesn't he, from here? &gt;&gt; he does, you know, he's a seasoned 12-round pro as I've said. So, it's a case of boxing in bursts and this one there's another one coming. So, he just went through a period there he's just taking his time and he's feeling the pace a little bit, but his energy levels are probably back to where they should be. And yes, good punch there from Chisora. Wallin, in fairness to him, has taken those shots better than on other occasions tonight. He backs away to the center of the ring, but where is the spring in his step? Where is that urgency? Where is that desire to walk through the valley of pain to deliver what he has to deliver to elevate himself in terms of this heavyweight division? Is it to go down yet again for Wallin as a night of missed opportunity? Just for a moment there Chisora's rhythm seemed lost, but Wallin wasn't able to punish him. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Now Chisora digs down for the extra bag of oxygen he seems to carry around and he finds a way to throw a a salvo right at the end of the round. It wasn't his best, but it might just have made an impression on the judges. Steve, how does it look from where you are? Wallin claims the last two rounds on Richie's scorecard, but he's still a mile behind and there's only one left for him to turn this his way. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; The last dance. The last round of it, at least for tonight. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; I think we're going to see Dereck Chisora really go for it in this last round, Paul. I think he had a round off the last round. Um and for me Wallin did enough to win the round. But uh I think his energy levels he must be tired now um Chisora. Well, both men are, but Chisora especially cuz he's put he's put so much into it. But he'll just go for it this round. That's what he's like. Here's what Steve just said about him, spot-on. You know, he is a warrior and he will give it he'll throw the kitchen sink at Wallin, I think, in this last round. Not quite the fire of the middle part of the fight so far, but he can see the finish line. Chisora the only finish line that's in doubt right now is whether it will be the end of his career tonight in the unlikely event for me of him losing this or even on the basis of what we've seen tonight whether it'll be 50 and out. Everybody tells us that's what it will be or maybe not. Well, he's only got to get through this round for me and he's won the contest. So, I see I think we will see a 50th fight with with Dereck Chisora. But here again, Wallin continues to make the same MISTAKE OF GOING BACK TO THE ROPES. HIS FEET COME SQUARE AND THAT'S WHERE HE'S OPEN AGAIN. HE'S DONE IT TIME AND again in this contest. That's when Dereck Chisora has his most success on in the corners, on the ropes, and Fallen keeps falling for it. Back into the corner again. Here comes Dereck Chisora. Utterly irrepressible. He's seen everything that there is to see in boxing. He has performed in a way few thought possible at this stage in his career. And barring a completely unforeseeable error in these closing seconds, this is Chisora closing the show tonight in style such as we have never seen before. What an entertainer Dereck Chisora has been through his career. And this contest sums up that career. Just pure entertainment for boxing fans. Tremendous stuff. Fallen down once on the end of several massive assaults from Chisora. But not just the violence that he promised, that he tells us that he loves to deliver in the ring. Some really measured boxing as well. So accurate. SO DETERMINED. FALLEN TOUCHES DOWN AGAIN. HE'LL PROBABLY GET UP. RIGHT ON THE BELL. THE GAME IS UP FOR FALLEN. &gt;&gt; [applause and cheering] &gt;&gt; IT'S all over surely. YES, IT IS ALL OVER. THERE WAS THE BELL IN THE MIDDLE. NOBODY COULD HEAR IT PROPERLY. And that's because all around Chisora is being fated like never before. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Bob Williams scores it 117 to 109. Judge Bence Kovacs scores it 114 to 112. And judge Olena Pobyvailo scores it 116 to 110. All in favor of your winner by unanimous decision, and the winner of the eliminator for the IBF World Heavyweight Championship, KNOWN AS THE DELL BOY, DERECK &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; WAR CHISORA. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; WELL, THIS SHOULD BE an excellent blend of styles in the glamour division. China's big, strong, hard-hitting southpaw Zhilei Zhang in with one of the most underrated heavyweights on the scene. German's talented Agit Kabayel, who's been quickly and quietly amassing this perfect record. Couple of really good wins going into this Kabayel. The secret's out, but will he be able to take Zhang's power? Kabayel possesses some, too, Darren. He does indeed. And what we're seeing here is his keys to victory. Well, I said this in the week, for him to to win this, we need to call him Agility Kabayel. He needs to move. He needs to be elusive, quick. Stay out of trouble. But we're seeing a bit more aggression here from Zhang already. Looking to impose that size into this contest. He already knocked Kabayel back with the left hand at the start of the round there did Zhang. And Zhang, that backhand is very dangerous. And he's got a string of early knockouts. Kabayel meeting fire with fire in the first minute. I think that's important tactics here for Kabayel. If he can fight off the punches of Zhang, if Zhang misses, he slides in, goes bang bang bang, then moves away. That'll just confuse, slow down, and eventually or quickly tire Zhilei Zhang. Kabayel with huge support here. Zhang with a whole nation of China behind him. He's desperate to fight there. Body shots from Kabayel. Early, important. But this is better from Zhang already. Just more presence in front of his opponent. Letting more shots go. Don't get me wrong. It's beautiful two-shot combination there. Lovely right side there from Zhang. Oh, left hand to the body as well. Fast hands of Zhilei Zhang, even at 41. Look at this. The left hand THERE, HE FELT THAT, ADAM. I think he's slightly surprised by this start, Kabayel, from Zhang. A lot busier than we've seen him in the past. Kabayel, a smaller heavyweight, and he has to sometimes go the long route. Agility, as Darren's saying, but Zhang is uh really imposing himself early, Barry. Yeah, what he does so well, Zhang, there's no real tell to his punches. So he can throw a hook without having to lean back or move the arm back or even twist the shoulders. He can just throw straight off the cuff. And that makes it difficult then. But if you make a mistake, he can just fire straight over your jab. And with him being a southpaw as well, if he slides that right foot close in, he can he can punch almost like punch down and then hook down on the shot, and you're in trouble. Yeah, more feints, more jabs to the body I think from Kabayel, but ultimately that was a very good opening round from Zhilei Zhang. Yeah, slightly surprised Kabayel by the onslaught and the controlling of the ring from Zhang. Zhang, George as ever. They're a very close team. But it's brilliant, isn't it, how he's come through, Zhang, and he's stayed with it to get on the big stage. Absolutely. I mean, there's so much to like about him. And I think that's why we get frustrated with him because we just want to see more of his work. And that was a really good round. He he done what we've been asking from him. Just be more active. Such a spiteful puncher walking. Kabayel wants a beautiful lead right hand followed by the the left. Beautiful left. It's credit to the German there for taking those. Yeah, they do. On a regular basis there for Zhang. He took those really well there, Kabayel. Yeah, 22 knockouts on the slate for Zhilei Zhang. Agit Kabayel's got 17 in his 25 wins in the white trunks with a white and red boots from Bochum in Germany. Agit Kabayel on the big stage looking to impress. Zhilei Zhang with real power, but Kabayel's taking the fight to him. Interesting here in the second. Okay, that was a good kick there from Kabayel. But every time Zhang throws a shot and lands, he'll wait to come the reaction, aren't you certainly? Did you want to see him move more, Kabayel? Yeah, I did say that, but I'm going to kind of change my ways a little bit here. I think this may, albeit a very dangerous tactic, I think you've got to try and empty the tank of Zhang. And we know that has been his trick tonight, work rate. But there's a different rhythm. When you punch when you want to, when you're advancing, you'll be the bully, you can sort of set yourself the punch. When you're being pushed back, you have to punch reactive. That's a different breathing. That tires you out quicker. So maybe Kabayel trying to push him back, even though he's going to walk into shots potentially, might empty the tank quicker. You cannot You cannot let Zhang have his own way here with tempo and space. You you need to make things uncomfortable for him. Left hook to the body whipped in from Kabayel. More authority in this one. Really planting his feet, Barry. Yeah, he's really good turn around here in this strong Kabayel taking the fight to Zhang. Just putting him on the awkward shots over there. That's That's to worry. That right That right hook there from from Zhang is a fantastic shot. There's no telling the punch. I think the uppercut as well. He's got to keep those elbows tucked in, Kabayel. I think he should get lower. Get lower. He's You're the shorter guy. Just the Make that be your friend there, get as low as you can. Make Make Zhang overreach for the shot. Punch down. He'd have to be accurate. Solid from Kabayel, but thumping punches from Zhilei Zhang. There's the body work again from the German, which is impressive. It's all investment, isn't it, for the later rounds? Already a gasp for breath from the big man from China. Oh, there's that uppercut. He needs to keep those elbows tucked in. He took the step on the outside there, Zhang. Really clever. Take a step on the outside. Uppercut there. A nice little combination there. You've called it, Darren. The uppercut squeaked in. And Kabayel very static. Looks at his corner. Has he ever been under this sort of fire before, Kabayel? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Nice uppercut of his own there, Kabayel. More long with the shot. No real power, but it's heating up nicely, this. And I'll tell you something, he's taking the shots here, Kabayel. He's taking the power. Good work from both men. Maybe around each let's get to Chris Mannix who's got a delighted Callum Smith with him. Callum one of the first fights of the night and already a candidate for the best fight of the night. How'd you feel about that performance? Yeah, I feel good obviously it wasn't perfect but I was the underdog tonight and it you know it got me back up a little bit to see people saying oh I I'm finished and I need to roll back the years and stuff and it was laughable at times but it was also frustrating as well and I haven't had a tough career and I knew I still had plenty left in getting prepared and I know the domestic heavyweights I've always felt I've been a league above them all and now I believe I'm good enough to be a true world champion and I felt I had to prove a lot of people wrong tonight but it wasn't a surprise result for me. It wasn't a perfect performance I took a few rounds off towards the end and lost my rhythm a little bit. The vision was a little bit impaired but that's boxing you've got to get on with it and I did and I thought I was comfortable enough and no way it's a good performance just what he is a very very good fighter and I knew I needed to be back to what I do best tonight and I believe I was. Congratulations Callum. Thank you very much. Thank you. Yeah, I agree with Callum I thought he won it and I thought it was a terrific performance as an underdog very very fit and sharp tonight Callum Smith. Joshua Buatsi played his part wonderful fight and this is turning in to another cracker third round Zhilei Zhang Agit Kabayel at heavyweight and the intensity in the ring tonight is fabulous. &gt;&gt; It really is. They all know that they're part of something special here each fight so far has delivered. We're starting to see more aggression again from Kabayel working the body really really well landed loads in the the first couple of rounds. And again they're not body shots that are going to that are going to drop Zhang but what they're going to do if this fight goes past four rounds [screaming] he's going to feel it. And that's what happened against Joseph Parker he knocked Parker down a couple of times but he sort of ran out of puff didn't he oh he fought it through. He did last the distance and he did against Filip Hrgovic in the fight I thought he won but he's got stamina and an engine Zhang but how long can he keep that up for at 41? &gt;&gt; And I'll tell you what if he can drop those punches by about four inches Zhang they're right on the button and that might be good night. As well as Kabayel's taking them out but they added a bit on the forehead. I'm not sure he he he's liking these body body shots that much Zhang. You see the see a reaction every time he lands one he's really trying his best to cover up to avoid the shots. I think this is good work from Kabayel on the inside. He's not moving he's standing his ground and he feels that he can overpower Big Bang. And he's not beating him with speed and guile like he would like we all thought in the build up he's standing his ground trying to push him back physically. It's exactly what you said Barry he's making him work he doesn't want to work at this tempo Zhang. Combination to the body. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, brilliant work from Kabayel Zhang trying to come back but it's persistent and it's stubborn and it's annoying Zhang. And you'd say typically German as well economical in your face high guard works the body well sound technically. Well, we've seen him move and now we're seeing him fight which is great to have both. Oh, you need it you you need variation in in every department in this sport. It's a good round here for Kabayel really good round. Reddening around the stomach for Zhilei Zhang who weighed in at 287 and 1/2 lb he's huge but how much energy has that taken out of him? Two good rounds for Kabayel. Well, what a week he's had. Joseph Parker was meant to be challenging Daniel Dubois for the IBF heavyweight title tonight Dubois ill on Thursday in comes Martin Bakole Barry it's been mad. Absolutely mad and also not an easy thing to do with Adam he would take you everywhere he's going on Bakole's coming in is he going to be okay? This guy's been training for one guy he's got one guy in his mind constantly and tactically as well how he approaches the fight no to listen but they're all professionals you can't change it but it's not easy and you have to be set in your mind and also do they put on too much weight Callum's going to bully one guy or is he going to be faster feet up with this guy so am I going to be too heavy? You know these things you have to worry about so he's a tough guy and he'll fight anyone Joseph Parker but it's a it's not an easy night for him that's for sure. Everyone commended Bakole for taking the fight Joseph Parker needs pat on the back for taking probably the the bogeyman in the division. Massive respect to Joseph Parker for taking Bakole that's a heavyweight treat later on tonight but there's so much more before that here on DAZN the home of combat sports Zhilei Zhang against Agit Kabayel and it's been a great start and Kabayel really trying to impose himself as Zhang did in the opening round. The German doing fantastic work here middle of the ring grinding Zhang down back comes Big Bang and it's another one that's really heating up. It's such a beautiful combination the right uppercut and a left hook it's almost like a natural movement I don't know why everyone don't do it all the time and Kabayel's done that three times on the trot here. Goes through the middle went downstairs. Oleksandr Usyk and Anthony Joshua in the front row watching these heavyweights. Barry what a group we've got now in the glamour division it's incredible. It is a fantastic talent there's one that stands above them all of course and he's he's sat ringside but there's a there's a chasing pack here they could all fight each other. That's good work there from Zhang. Yeah, lovely three shot combination. But this is good pressure really good intent from Kabayel. Again look at Zhang he throws three punches and then deep breaths gasps. After we set. He's just looking to outfight outmuscle Zhang here who takes a massive gulp of air again a minute to go in the fourth round and these body shots may be taking their toll sooner rather than later. That's the problem for Zhang he's taking he's landing with some really good shots Zhang especially in the first two rounds and Kabayel took them very well. And he's been smart but we talk about the pace and the tempo in which Zhang fights at at 41 you don't want to be fighting at this kind of pace. And Darren what Kabayel's done is he's got really close hasn't he? He's trying to negate those long arms of Zhang. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's nullifying the threat that's coming back from the Chinese man. Big right hand blood to the nose of Zhilei Zhang he's in trouble here he's in a bit of bother here the big man from China. Forget all faster paces it's whose pace you fight at. You want to fight at your pace faster or slower it's going to be your pace when you box at someone else's pace you're reacting to be reactive takes up more energy. The fascinating first four let's get to Emily who's got Bernard Hopkins with her. We have the East Coast all the way in Riyadh for the last crescendo. Obviously this is a mad card but there's one fight you want the fans to keep an eye on which one is that? I would say Victor Ortiz. That's going to be a fight that uh might steal the show. And what do you think will happen? Um Victor by knockout late tough but a knockout victory. You know he's the underdog in this case. That's why I believe that he will rise to the occasion and prove the underdog status absolutely wrong. Well, you heard it here first from B-Hop himself stay tuned. Thanks Emily B-Hop the Executioner one of the great fighters of modern times he's here. Oscar De La Hoya is here as well and they're here for Victor Ortiz in a cracker with Israel Madrimov. It's just the card that keeps on giving. Callum Smith and Joshua Buatsi surely a candidate already for fight of this year in February. Agit Kabayel and Zhilei Zhang into the fifth round Kabayel in the ascendancy Barry. Look how fast he's come out of this one here Kabayel really intense here not just the footwork he's mad but the hurt oh he's hurt him. HE'S HURT HIM THIS IS THE round that Zhang stopped Deontay Wilder and Agit Kabayel is trying to become the first man to halt Zhang. Zhang is spent he's exhausted look at the mouth wide open. And he's shipping punishment HERE OH NO WHAT A COUNTER SHOT FROM ZHILEI ZHANG AND KABAYEL WALKS INTO THAT AND WHEN THE GERMAN WAS HAVING ALL THE SUCCESS THERE'S THE POWER OF BIG BANG. LOOK AT THAT. DID HE DO anything wrong there, Kabayel? Just walked onto a short hook. And everything's changed. Wow, just like that. When it looked like ZHANG WAS IN TROUBLE, BACK he comes. I thought Zhang was going to get stopped. Heavyweight boxing at ITS BEST. ZHILEI ZHANG IN real trouble, BUT COMES BACK WITH ONE BIG BOOMING SHOT. AND NOW, HE'S LOOKING TO TAKE OUT KABAYEL. I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, KABAYEL, I'll say though Kabayel looks solid on his feet for now. How much has that taken out of Zhang? He let a few shots go, didn't he? That had some pace and power. Kabayel straight back to what HE WAS DOING, ATTACKING THE BODY. And you're right, HE DOES LOOK STURDY. OOH, good shot again there from Zhang. Yeah, that was always the danger, wasn't it, when you're in front of such a heavy hitter. You're there to be caught. We did say that it nullified the threat by getting really quite close. And he was just a arms length, but that's good work again from Zhang. Look how fast that was from Zhang. The speed Unbelievable for a big of his hands is still quite extraordinary. The southpaw toughing it out and scoring a knockdown when he was right up against it here in the fifth. Yeah, it's just been a little cautious, isn't he, Kabayel? You can't blame him for that. Still mouth wide open of Zhang. Shot. And Kabayel with that jab getting close again. And these body shots that he's trying to turn the heat back up on Zhang. What a round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great round. It looks like he's recovered, Kabayel, and he's finishing this round really strong. Good work to the body. And a smile almost from the German, the 32-year-old, 9 years younger. And is it that freshness that's going to give him the edge? A 10-8 round to Zhang, but really one that Kabayel dominated. Yeah, that that can be at times soul destroying. When you're on the brink of victory and you don't get the job done, and then your opponent comes firing back. Kabayel, I just thought though he wasn't over the piece, Zhang, but I thought he was in trouble. But look at that. [music] That's all he's used for Zhang. Sure, as usually that punch there. A short left hook. The left hand this time, not [music] that right hook. But again, he's swinging his body into the shots. And Kabayel looking for a bounce, having a good brawl up to that point. But again, this is where the shot there comes back right on the chin. And he took it He got up quite well. But that put a new lease of life there in Zhang. And then he started to put his punches together quite well. Again, Kabayel wasn't hurt much after that. But he was cautious with his with his attacks. We've hardly started the last crescendo, and it's absolutely amazing. Crazy, crazy scenes here. Exactly what we expected. Wow, the greatest card ever put together living up to all the hype. Into the sixth round of this, the golden red of Big Bang, Zhilei Zhang, who scored a knockdown in the fifth. But Agit Kabayel boxing really well, especially with these body shots. The hooks are good. It looks like there's some swelling just above that right eye of Zhang. And a bump on the forehead as well, Darren. He's getting marked up, blood to the nose. So, the way he ripped that hook across Zhang though, if that hit you, hit you, you're done. You look at the quality there, Barry. Double landed by Kabayel. There's the quality in the body shots. AND ZHANG &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; FELT THAT. HE NEARLY WENT DOWN. BUT THAT WAS VERY STRANGE, BUT KABAYEL I don't know I would have Well, that should have been a count. He dropped to THE FLOOR THEN. THEY SAID DIDN'T COUNT IT. ZHANG COMES BACK WITH A COMBINATION. KABAYEL'S GOT TO BE CAREFUL OF THOSE COUNTERING LEFT HANDS. But he's doing ever so well, the German, at chipping away. Yeah, he really is landing heavy body shots. I'll say it again, he looks absolutely exhausted, but he cannot switch off, Kabayel. Again, taking those shots knackers you, doesn't it? So, Kabayel's got to be careful here that he doesn't run out of steam. Zhang seems at his most dangerous when he's under real threat and when he's tiring. Yeah, and it's because Kabayel's opening up and leaving openings himself. Right hand from Kabayel. He's hit body and head. You saw the stats, the corner must be delighted with him. But Zhang still has the power to turn this around. I don't think I think he's he's more dangerous when he's when he's tired because Good shot there from Kabayel. When you're tired, your shoulders drop, which means you're looser, so your punches are a little bit faster maybe when you let them go. Coming off those big knockout wins, Kabayel's gone. Kabayel, and he's looking to do THE SAME AGAIN. TAKES THE COUNT. IT'S THE BODY SHOTS [cheering] THAT THEY'RE UNDOING HIM. AND HE'S ABSOLUTELY IN AGONY HERE, ZHILEI ZHANG. WILL HE MAKE THE COUNT? AGIT KABAYEL CELEBRATING. [cheering] IT'S DONE. IT'S DUSTED. IT'S THE 26TH VICTORY FOR AGIT KABAYEL, AND IT'S THE MOST important on THIS HUGE NIGHT. AND NOW, WILL THEY BELIEVE IN THIS GERMAN? Ladies and gentlemen, HERE IS THE OFFICIAL TIME, 2 minutes 29 seconds of round number six. Our referee in charge, Mark Lyson, reaches the count of 10. Therefore, your winner by way of knockout, still undefeated, and now the WBC interim heavyweight champion of the world, AGIT KABAYEL. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; HE'S YET TO LOSE ANYTHING, amateur or pro. The Ken southpaw who carries sharp shooting power, skills, and he's dealing so well with the immense pressure and expectation on those young shoulders. The building blocks are being put in place, and he's in with a hard-hitting but aging and a tad vulnerable Mike Balogun. And Frank George and Francis Warren want At the time of the showcase in front of different audiences. So, here he is in Glasgow and getting that southpaw jab. Off to a very nice start to the body. So fast, so quick with his reactions, not just the delivery of shots, but the way he glides in and out of range. They're always feinting, always trying to find the openings. Balogun, as I say, can be vulnerable, but there are 16 KOs. No, if he wants to have a chance here, it's trying to land that left hand of his. Started the the contest brightly, but it won't be long until we see that the power from Etoundi. The power and class. You were so impressed, weren't you, Adam Riyadh, Barry? Well, he is fantastic, the way he sets the shots up, but also the angle of attack. Look, for a big guy, you can't move your body that way. You're not supposed to move your body the way that he does, you know. He He moves like a middleweight with the power of a heavyweight. And that that can already just slightly trouble Balogun. He goes to the body, too, Moses Etoundi. Remember Murat Gassiev did him in, too, and he might want it in one. Carl said it earlier. And he's going for it. Oh, his left hand. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; AND DOWN GOES THE AMERICAN INSIDE THE OPENING minute and a half. And he looks to his corner AS IF TO SAY, "WHAT JUST HIT ME?" WILL HE GET OUT? IT'S VERY LATE. JOHN LATHAM HAS A GOOD LOOK, and he looks BADLY AT HIS CORNER, MIKE BALOGUN, BUT HE'S IN A whole heap of trouble. And Moses Etoundi could take him out right now. &gt;&gt; Balogun's got to keep that right hand up. He can't miss with the left hand. Etoundi is far too low from the Americans. Look at Etoundi. They're all balanced. He's waiting for Balogun to make a mistake so he can throw that left hand over the top again. Well, he's done well just to get up, really. Balogun, he could have sat it out, but the pride got him up. He just about scraped to the count. It was touch and go. What was impressive though, he threw the left hand twice from the the backhand he threw it from the southpaw stance. Threw one in that cleanly to a second. Come on, no one very rarely does that. And it landed right on the button. 20 years old. It's phenomenal. Yeah, they were talking about him maybe breaking Mike Tyson's record of becoming a world heavyweight champion, but that's gone. That had to be done this month. And Frank, I think, just wanted to take some time with Moses. There's no rush. Martin Bakole at ringside, that would be a massive step up. But at the moment, he's just got to take care of business, which he's doing very nicely. And that jab working a treat. And because he knows he has the power and the timing to get your He knows he doesn't have to rush anything. But he could have gone for the finish here and probably got it. He's not getting the rounds. He needs the rounds. So, he's I like this I like this relaxed approach here from from Etoundi. &gt;&gt; And he's tying it up short. Look set Mike count a little bit of loose hand, a bit of up and down, yeah? Same time, the second shot's up again. [music] Give me the bucket. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Dummy. Well, Moses Itauma wasted no time getting that left hand working. Almost 8 seconds. That's a great shot. Look at that. And again, he throws it again. He doubles it up. And the second one didn't hit as clean as the first, ironically. He's got so much natural power, they'd hit you anyway, you're in trouble. He just looked down at the timekeeper there, Moses Itauma, waiting for the bell to ring. Cool, relaxed. Lovely fellow outside of the ring, and Absolutely DEVASTATING. AND CAN HE MAKE it this time? THE COUNT'S AT NINE. BRAVE MAN, Mike Balogun, from the States, up twice from heavy knockdowns. The second especially. And he's GOING FOR IT. FAIR play to him, Barry. &gt;&gt; of great effort there from Balogun. He was done there. He's out. To get up and recover, that's some that's some superhuman And there's no way the fight should continue. It is FINISHED IN THE SECOND ROUND. MOSES ITAUMA LIGHTS UP GLASGOW. He did it in Saudi Arabia, AND A FEW MONTHS ON, it's now Scotland. What's next for this emerging superstar in heavyweight boxing? &gt;&gt; Well, I'm just looking at the faces around ringside, and and they're amazed at what they've just seen there. You know, that that was spectacular. That first lead right hook was I mean, it it was so special. It was so spiteful. This man is the future. It's a lovely timed right hook there. And to be fair, that the fight was over. The Saudi fighter with this shot. Look at that. It's a lovely timed shot. Look at that. He's got a little lean back, turns the body, so he gets that that little talk in the punch as well, to get that holding that right hook. Look at that. Okay. Do you know what that is? Composure. Cuz the guy's rushing at him. He's got such a calm demeanor that Itauma did that. No no panic. He's a little half a step back and sees all. Cuz he stays calm, it gives him a better vision than most of the fighters. Ring intelligence. Moves like a middleweight and punches every bit of a heavyweight. What a combination. It's his temperament. His temperament does it. Look at the some ugly faces there. Literally. It did just incredible. I mean, absolutely stunning. Offensively, obviously, as we see there, he's so good. But do you know what goes unnoticed is how good defensively he is. How sharp his reactions are. How quick the feet are to be able to find those counter right hooks. What a fighter, what a talent. &gt;&gt; Dennis, I think the way he just copes with pressure. He's had it with all these world champions. He copes with the pressure of expectation. He doesn't panic in the ring. It just gives him loads of time to think. Wonderful team around him. There's family. There's a tight-knit group in the Ben Davison stable. Francis Warren believes he's got a sporting superstar on his hands. He thinks he could be the next Messi, the next Federer, anything like that. The sky's the limit, believes Francis Warren. Who knows what the ceiling is for Moses Itauma. Well, we've got Fabio Wardley. Another undefeated heavyweight getting his homecoming fight at Portman Road against another unbeaten fighter in a good one in Justis Huni. It's Queensberry against Matchroom. Dillian Whyte on the card, too, part of your subscription on DAZN. June the 7th the date for that one. Hope Moses could be there. He's uh Wow. It's just wow. That's what it is. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 46 seconds of round number two. Our referee in charge, John Latham, waves it off. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, STILL UNDEFEATED AND STILL WBO INTERCONTINENTAL AND WBA INTERNATIONAL Heavyweight Champion, MOSES [screaming] ITAUMA. MOSES ITAUMA, from Chatham in Kent by way of Slovakia, is 12 and 0. Filip Hrgović and David Adeleye joining the party. Who prevails here should be exciting. 27 knockouts in their 32 shared victories. Many early. So, eyes on this Riyadh ring live on DAZN, the heavyweights. What a chance for David Adeleye to leap up here uh onto the big stage. As for big Filip Hrgović, the man mountain from Croatia, former star junior basketball player. He really is massive, but he can punch, he can box, and he's a hard night's work for anyone. &gt;&gt; I like this. He's on the front foot. He's just getting pushed back now, is Adeleye. But he's starting center of the ring, trying to spear out the jab nice and sharp. But this is what we kind of expected from Hrgović now. He's big, isn't he? Tall and trying to work the range with that jab, so he can follow it through with the right hand. Well, Anthony was talking about, you know, Adam Booth being in the corner. And then I think that wide stance and accelerating with your shots is something that'll really work for David Adeleye, that speed, if he can commit with it. It's just the low left hand I worry about with a man with such a good long right hand. If he times that right hook, Hrgović, he has a free shot. But Again, you see Adeleye there spending those left punches up with his That's hard to defend against as well. So, I would say positive signs here for Adeleye at the minute, but also for Hrgović, who's coming on strong here. Brilliant. Wasn't he, Adam Booth, guiding David Haye to the world heavyweight title in that David Goliath match-up with Nikolai Valuev. Patient Hrgović throwing shots to head and body early, really testing Adeleye, who is uh former English and British champion, but it's not the amateur experience that Hrgović has, or the professional. See what Adeleye just did really well there. Hrgović threw the right hand, leaned in a little bit, blocked it with the gloves there. Adeleye threw the left hook to the body straight away. Something that Hrgović has to be aware of. He needs to throw that a little bit longer. But certainly for Adeleye, just have that thought of just being able to block and counter. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and do you know what? I would start low if I was Adeleye. Jab to the body, look for the right hand over the top. Yeah, works low, then finish high. But I think also key to victory for both, I think it is controlling the pace and the tempo of this fight. And it looks as if Hrgović is really trying to dominate early. Yeah, looking for a fast start, Hrgović, and attacking the body as well of Adeleye, trying to really utilize his experience, a full camp, as you were saying, under Abel Sanchez up in the Big Bear mountains over California. At altitude. And Hrgović already looking much better shape. But decent work from Adeleye, too. Yeah, well, the theory is what I wanted to do now. But he's a little bit out with that right hand. But Hrgović, I think he knows he's coming on strong here. Nice solid one, the other solid jab. Clubbing shots as well. &gt;&gt; And he's got to worry when he leans to his right, Adeleye, to to avoid that right hand. He doesn't get caught on top of the head. And both heavy-handed. Adeleye getting one in at the end. But good start from Hrgović. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Hey, listen. You're winding it up. We're winding it up so much. Let go. Be free. Be free. Okay? Good jab. Good double jab. Your right hand. Curl a little bit, cuz he's stepping in there. You curl it, not so straight. I'm starting to big breath. Good jab, bro. Okay? Good jab. He's He's a pretty He's a pretty He's He's a pretty Keep that jab on him. Don't be jumping in. Okay? Don't be jumping in. Watch it. Watch it. Feed the right hand on him. Watch it. Feed the right hand Filip Hrgović and his big bronze medal in 2016. He won the European golds as well. Many people thought he was an heir apparent to the world heavyweight title. He uh He was the guy that caused the cut that stopped David Haye and Tyson Fury. He's uh trained with so many people thought he'd beat. Following in the line of the Klitschko brothers, hasn't quite worked out that way. One defeat to Daniel Dubois. David Adeleye getting that left hook going and the jab. Good from Adeleye. He dipped low when he threw that left hook. A nice right hand as well. And this is good work. Hrgović's one defeat coming in Riyadh. So, too, David Adeleye against Fabio Wardley. So, a really important fight for both of these two. &gt;&gt; It really is. Good work from Adela with the left hook. I like the base that the solid stance of both. Really off balance and that's going to be so important for them to land the heavy shots. It all comes from that base. Turning your hips into the shot. Just let just let just sneaking back at it with Adela maybe for a counter but he just you know he's slow and he's just walking you down and lining you up with that jab for that right hand. &gt;&gt; And whipping in the body shots as well. Hergovich back with the jab but he's cut. He's cut again. It's plagued him through his career. Right eye of Hergovich. It's nasty. It happened badly against Daniel Dubois and at other times and it's come back to haunt him and they're going to have to get working in between rounds but that is a nasty cut right eye of Hergovich. It's terrible but I'll tell you what a little note on the shot that caused it. It was a lovely jab from Adela. Punching up again wasn't he? That's wide stance. Punching up and sliced it open. Oh good shot from Hergovich. Good right hand there. Well he's dangerous when his back's against the wall Hergovich. 14 knockouts in those 18 wins. He's got to be careful here. The British fighter. Body shots again from Hergovich but that eye is an absolute mess already. He should be going for broke here Hergovich because this might not see the next round. That's got to give real confidence to David Adela but he's needs to keep his shape and Hergovich his face is a bloody master. You know what Oh good body shot here. &gt;&gt; Yeah body shot and chopping RIGHT HAND. WHOA. LOOK AT ADELA SWINGING from the hip. The power OF THEM AND THE CUT HAS REALLY SPURRED HERGOVICH INTO ACTION. Adela misses with a left hook by a whisker. &gt;&gt; you what he's confident to sit on the ropes though and hook with him isn't he Adela? Yeah you're right and really turning into that left hook and that is the shot. I'd I'd actually faint with the jab and then throw the left hook. He looks to parry that jab does Hergovich. And the damage to the eye is obviously going to make it very difficult for him to see that shot coming. Bloody and brutal action here in the second round of this heavyweight affair. Who's going to hold their nerve? Just looks down at Adam Booth in the corner there. David Adela 10 seconds left and will that cut I tell you what David just took a good shot there and didn't even blink there off off Hergovich. Have they got long enough to sort that cut out? I'm not sure. That's not a good one. Terrible cut. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; That is horrendous. Sliced open the right eye and it's very early in the fight. Legendary trainer and a good cutsman as well Abel Sanchez and it was that lovely shot little left hand from David Adela. Really well timed as well because Hergovich threw a jab and then threw the right hand but he was a little bit squared and David just Adela just stayed nice and low threw that jab and it was a good good shot. Yeah that's class it really is. Look at the damage as well that it's caused. That eyelid. Well one thing about Filip Hergovich is he's been eccentric at times in fights. He went on a bit of a wander when he fought Zhilei Zhang. Many people thought he was lucky to get away with a victory. How's he going to react to that? He's he's getting it checked out straight away. Referee Mark Calo here with the ringside doctor. Adam he's got so much Vaseline on the eye that he can't see out of the eye because of that. Well the fight goes on and is he on borrowed time here Hergovich? Has he just got to go for it? &gt;&gt; I think he's I mean smart as you can but he has the power to do it but he has to yeah. And I wouldn't for Adela I wouldn't say that he has to just just be safe. I think he's you know he's got to be active as well with this. Yeah Hergovich making a hook and making mistakes here which is good. Still believe he can jab low finish high but jab followed by a long left hook upstairs. Damage the eye and make it worse. I think Hergovich his conditioning is better these days. Yeah didn't have a full camp for Joe Joyce but got through that okay and I think that training at Big Bear with Abel Sanchez who of course guided Gennady Golovkin is good for Hergovich. He's only throwing decent leather and keeping his nerve here. He's managing to take the sting out of the shot Adela even when he's backed on the ropes and slipping and sliding putting out of range seeing that smart good defensive skills. He's just turning that left shoulder just to take maybe just making it harder for Hergovich to find the target clean with that right hand. Clever from David Adela. He's going up in class and got questions to answer here the 28 year old from Aylesbury Grove. That's what he's got to do Hergovich. Chop down with that right hand. He was very dangerous with the shot in the first round wasn't he? Chopping down punching down with that right. More of the same required. There's that right hand and a body shot. Nice one two and again looks at Adam Booth executing a game plan here David Adela but he is in uncharted territory. That's a good response to the cut this from Hergovich. He's got to be a quick be quicker with that counter left hook. He's just missed a couple of times Adela. The shot is there as he carries his lead hand low at times. Hergovich carries his right hand low. You need to be careful here Hergovich because it's the same rhythm for every shot. You need to be careful that that Adela doesn't time him coming in here. 13 knockouts on the slate for David Adela. Blew away Solomon Dacres who looked good at Wembley didn't he Dacres the other day coming back so defeat's nothing really in the heavyweight division these days. Good shot that from Hergovich. That was class. &gt;&gt; Look at what He stood up before he threw that left hook there Adela. That's where he got caught. I think he's waiting a bit too long here Adela. It's one thing He's found one at times not been busy enough. I'd like to see him just let his HAND GO. OH THAT'S A GOOD LEFT HOOK. Oh and now Hergovich has GOT TO HOLD. LAST 10 SECONDS IN THE THIRD ROUND AND THERE'S THE POWER and he really possesses it the Brit and Hergovich has to take it and comes back. This one's getting really tasty. He's in his left hook right at the end. Right on the eye as well from Adela. And I want to see more of that. I want to see him busier. Hergovich also chopped down with that right hand but good fight this in the heavyweight division. So much to play for here. But again it comes from a low base doesn't it Adela? Staying nice and low and then just as as you come and accelerate with that left hook over the top. Well this has quickly turned into the war we hoped. Filip Hergovich and David Adela said they'd steal the show tonight. Really good match up. Heavyweight division. 20th outing for the 33 year old from Zagreb and it's fight number 16 for David Adela in all whites. And that's how Andy is seeing it. Hergovich with the slight advantage but of course cut badly in the second round. &gt;&gt; He's that's a reminder at the end of that third round to keep his right hand up. Look you're right it's damaged but that's the danger shot. That's the the shot that he enjoys throwing Adela the left hook. He has to be a lot more disciplined with that right hand position. Let's bring Andy in. You've got Hergovich with a a narrow advantage. It's really warming up this. I said this was going to deliver. When you look at these guys Adela you just want to see him be a little bit more busy. Dip the knees. Stay low under Hergovich. Force him to punch down and then come up with your shots. Hergovich I hate to call him an arm puncher but he doesn't step in with the shots. He gets his legs in position first and then he punches with his hands. That's why there's not that much power on the shots. Although he's a big man and they do hurt. To really have that conclusive power you got to turn your hips. You got to turn your shoulders like Adela is doing. And do you do you like the way that Adam Booth has got the plan here for Adela? I do but he's got to be consistent. He can't allow himself to get which he's been doing too often. He's allowing himself allowing Hergovich just too much free time. This is better from Adela. This is better. He's looking to counter now. He's looking to compete and stand his ground a little bit but he can't be passive like that because those shots you don't even realize that one of those ones is going to put you down. I see I think I think Hergovich is a smooth puncher but he lacks that speed isn't he? I think I'm I'm what Andy's saying those two need to turn with the shot. Add in the power to get more acceleration. Well he bounced so many shots off Daniel Dubois didn't he for the first three rounds of that fight but Dubois just hung in there and stopped Hergovich. Broke him up really. He's just thrown that left hook at the wrong time Adela. That is definitely the shot but wait for Hergovich to miss. If he chops down with that right hand or the left hook misses then you fire back with that counter left hook. And like think you were saying there and Andy as just you know, a little bit more work, more consistency. Just waiting a little bit too long, isn't he? It's good energy that's showing from Hrgović, but maybe arm punches, like Andy was suggesting, and Adelaide just shakes his head. Winning the rounds, Adam. He is. Good work here from Hrgović. He allows Adelaide to lean back and he allows him to miss with that upper cut. Nice nice right hand as well. He's just got to hold himself together here, Adelaide, because he's under sustained pressure. Just a change of pace for Hrgović would make a massive difference for him. I'd like to see that on the flip side. What an opportunity he's got, Adelaide. He's got the right right damage by Adelaide and Hrgović. Get to work. Let's go. A good round though for Filip Hrgović. Talking of taking uh your chances, what about the Cinderella man, Dave Allen? He's back [music] in action on October the 11th. And he he doesn't take easy tests, does he? Hasret [music] Arslanbek Makhmudov, the man in the other corner. He selected him and it's live from the Steel City of Sheffield, all part of your regular Sky Sports subscription. October the 11th, [music] Dave Allen back in the ring. Adam Booth in the corner. Good solid right hand there from Hrgović and following up with the left. He was consistent all that round. He had a real good work ethic. Methodical pace, but constantly throwing punches and outworking Adelaide. Consistency, absolutely the right word there, Barry. He hasn't been consistent in much of his pro career so far. Haven't still seen the best of Filip Hrgović. Maybe under Abel Sanchez, we can get that in his 30s now. In the Croatian colors and David Adelaide with his chance that it came from nowhere, really. British champion. But back uh to Saudi Arabia and he hasn't got great memories after that loss to Fabio Wardley. There's just so many good matches to be made in the heavyweight division now. All right. That's why this opportunity is so big for these two. It really is. And it's some good work from Hrgović. He started this fifth round really well. Nice some range. You see that lead hand as you see there, just chopping down with the left hook. But I just want to see a change of pace here from Adelaide. He's got to get going. Work. Nice jab from Hrgović and it's the work rate that's different tonight from the Croatian. He's Right from Adelaide. The single shots are still decent. That left hook really hurt Hrgović a couple of rounds ago, but can he sustain it? Hrgović, he hasn't really good chin, Hrgović. So you've got to hit with that that whipping left hook. The shots he doesn't see. That's when you come come to the Andy was saying, come from a low low projection. You sort of roll into the shots. That was his chance there. Adelaide could do that. Just these thumping shots from Hrgović. How much are they taking out of David Adelaide? A right hand and another body shot. Starting just to eat a few of these up now. Minute and a half left of the fifth and he needs a bit of success here, the Brit. &gt;&gt; He does. He needs to bite down on that gum shield. Get going. I'll tell you what, the accuracy's been good from Hrgović. He's began a bit wider with the shots now, hasn't he? Catching Adelaide on the temple, round the side. Oh, good one-two. Lovely work from Hrgović. Lawrence Okolie shouting out instructions, trying to get David Adelaide to respond. Derek Chisora watching on, but Hrgović has been good. After the cut, he's responded very well. He's controlled the pace, hasn't he, with the the long shots, the one-twos down the middle. And Adelaide just his experience has known how to respond. He's been saying it all week, hasn't he? Just get down to business. And he he's done just that. Since that cut, he's just gone about his work sensibly. He's been busy. Again, David looks down at the corner. He's under sustained pressure here. Nothing's hurt him though, Adam. That's I think that's the positive. He hasn't really been shook up yet, so But they are scoring shots, so he has to realize that they are. If he don't hurt him, he doesn't not winning any of the fight. Tell you what, Barry, as well, they've done a great job with the eye. I can't believe that's been patched up. He's turned the hand over with that right hand. And a body shot as well. Hrgović winning these rounds. David Adelaide shipping punches, but coming back elbow and it went in there, but he's got to really go for it here, David Adelaide, because Hrgović is pressure taking these sessions and forging the lead. Yeah, it's just more of the same, isn't it? Look, he had a little go there. Adelaide, and that's why he he feels [music] frustrated at times. You want to see him work more. What an opportunity he's got in front of him, but Hrgović, as I said in that round, he's been accurate. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Not huge heavy shots, but they're landing. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Well, look who's in the building. A few minutes after Moses Itauma, here is Dillian Whyte. We remember a month ago Oleksandr Usyk arriving really early to Wembley and Daniel Dubois really late. These two plenty of time. And they are ready for battle. He looks really good, Dillian Whyte. The lightest in a decade. And he's put everything into this training camp. Whatever happens, he's taken this so seriously. He's given himself the best chance, hasn't he? At 37, he's got experience in abundance. Can he get the job done? He's up against it, but I'm telling you now, in this division, anything can happen. Mouth-watering match-up. Hamzah Sheeraz has just taken his place at ringside, the Korean season ambassador, alongside Joseph Parker. They're all coming in. David Adelaide needs to try and find something. And he's given the last three to Hrgović. You have to agree with him. The three judges at ringside surely do. Hrgović is well-schooled, though, isn't he? So he knows he's not he's not overreaching with the right hand. He's punching straight down the middle. And that's just making it a little harder as you get tired there, just to get the time that right hand with the left hook. And and again, the accuracy that I'm talking about, you know, when you're wasting shots, you're burning unnecessary energy. And he's not doing it. Constantly making Adelaide work. And I tell you something I'll tell you something what you what you do as well when you get tired. You stand up. You don't stay low with a wide stance. You stand up. Total punches thrown, 274. And again, the treble landed from Hrgović. Power shots. Well, but that that Adam, the total punches thrown, 111. I want to see more from Adelaide. It's not enough. But I'm really impressed with Hrgović cuz I'm not sure I've seen him throw that many in the first half of a fight before. I think that fitness is great now for Filip Hrgović. Taken another good left hook there, Adelaide. Showing a good chin. With Hrgović, cuz he has that same rhythm with his punches, okay? He's easy to read when you're sharp. But they they're not heavy shots. But they are heavy shots. They're not like I was saying, they're not power. He's not turning into the shots. They're not powerful. But they do wear you down, wear you out. &gt;&gt; That was a nice counter right hand from Hrgović over the lazy jab of Adelaide. Just taking a slight breather, Filip Hrgović. He's really worked at a pace. And he's he was furious, really, that he took the Daniel Dubois fight. He said he shouldn't have done it. He was not well going into it, but Dubois was brilliant that night. At some points here, I think Adelaide now has to try and push him back. Whether it's with that wide stance, feinting with that front foot. And but that takes lots of energy, especially when you're a big guy like he is as well. But certainly the double jab, up and down to the body, throw that right hand over the top. Just trying to put a little bit of pressure or panic But regardless of what it will do to your tank, you've got to go for it, haven't you? I think so. The left hook. But these punches are not hurting him, but as you tire, they will start to take an effect. As we see with Oleksandr Usyk so often. Shakes his head again, David Adelaide. Tries to come back, right hand of his own. See the little twitchy there, little movement. That was that's good for him. That's making Hrgović think. He's slowing down for a half a second. You've got to counter the throw. How much is he going to come on from this experience, David Adelaide? Learning a great deal in the ring against a very, very good heavyweight in Filip Hrgović. You got to realize how tired he is. How tired? Like you've lost big fighting points. Stop. He's out on points. He's out on points. What do you When you let your hands go, he has no answer. And you can still win like that and make him come your way. How bad do you want to hurt yourself? Believe you said to him, "What do you think?" You said to him, "What do You said to He's stopping you. Derek Chisora is trying to uh fire up David Adelaide. Really interesting what Adam Booth said there. And he normally he's smooth and calm. He said, "Look, forget the points. We got to go for it. You got to let your hands go." He knows, doesn't he? And how badly do you want it? Because if I'm in that corner and he continues to sway, I'm thinking about pulling my man out because although these are not conclusive shots, they're sustained shots and he's taking them far too often and far too cleanly. Um he's got to show something now, David Adelaide, desire, heart, bravery, courage. He's got the ability. Look, you can see it's there. He just has to be consistent with it. I'm afraid he's he's probably left it too late. He's probably got too much gone out of the tank. He's taken too much punishment. There you go. He's got to keep pushing forward, then. Hrgović has got to be smart. Let him have his little wave and then break his heart again. Yeah, he's got to go. Exactly [cheering] what Andy Lee said there. He's got to show us something. He's got to get busy because it's there. We know he can let the shots go. That's the left hand [cheering] of David Adelaide. Much better in the seventh round. Responding to Adam Booth. Hrgović back with body and head shots. Chipping away, though. Just so debilitating for Adelaide He gets a little bit of success and then has to shift the shots, too. It is We're saying what Adelaide's got to do, but it's more of the same if you're Hrgović. Just keep doing what you're doing. Busy, accurate, sharp. But when you're tired, like Adelaide is, clearly, he's having a a faith and not trusting your ability to recover after you've thrown the shots cuz you when you're knackered, you feel vulnerable. And in this weight division as well, that's the worst thing that can happen to you. Andy was spot on there about what Adam Booth was saying and I reckon Abel Sanchez in the other corner would have said, "Just be careful of an Adelaide response." Which he did. And then come back. He's just got to keep punching long here, Hrgović. He doesn't need to close the gap. I mean, unless he sees Adelaide dip or tire significantly more, then he can come in with that uppercut through the middle. But keep it long. Adelaide can't has an answer for that yet. Again, he's swinging away with the hooks. That's a short there, Adelaide. Yep. Hrgović is strong and tough. Having that extra experience, both amateur and pro. But it's a gritty effort this from David Adelaide who's still in it, just about. He's starting to load up a little bit as well with the left hooks, isn't he? He's missed with a few, but he's just letting that shot go. Finding an easier target to hit here as well, Hrgović. Hrgović in control, but we remember when Justice Hillie was and he twisted Adelaide with one big shot like that and from Fabio Wardley. Well, he asked for it, didn't He delivered it, almost. David Adelaide, he knows he can get to him with that left hand. But how much Well, he's got to get the balance and the power and everything right at this stage of the fight. &gt;&gt; You know what Barry said and I echo, I'd like to see him doing it on the front foot. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Very, very good. Just make sure we keep that jab in his face and this hook from the outside will then jab after that to set up the right hand. Okay, the jab's going to set up the right hand right after that. Okay, doc, go ahead. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; All right, doc, you're in control. Yes. I have it controlled, I know. Deep breath. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I got him up. Very good. I'm going to answer for you. Very good. I'm going to I'm going to answer for you. How's that? Make sure that we're ready at all times. How about that for multitasking, Adam? Well, that's what Abel Sanchez does. He's got the cut under control. He's got the corner. He's got his fighter there. Summit HQ, I've been up there at altitude in Big Bear and I think that's given Filip Hrgović a new lease of life when he needed it. And he's punching with authority here. Start of the eighth round. He's come out of the gates here, hasn't he? Looking for Looking for the finish, I think Hrgović here. Solid right hand, left hook. Yep, he knows that Fabio Wardley got to David Adelaide, stopped him. And it's getting really difficult on the cards. As much as we're willing on the legs. Unsteady. HE WAS SHAKEN THERE. DOWNSTAIRS AND HE FIGHTS FIRE WITH FIRE, ADELAIDE. HE takes his time. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; It's a monstrous RIGHT HAND AND DOWN HE GOES. AND HE SAID HE'LL BE AS BRAVE AS ANYBODY. HE'LL BE COURAGEOUS TO THE END in this fight, David Adelaide. But he is being really hurt now. DOWN IN THIS EIGHTH ROUND. HE JUST STICKS HIS tongue out at Abel Sanchez and the guts of Adelaide IS BRILLIANT HERE. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; HE'S GOING TO WAR WITH HRGOVIć in a fight in the desert. What a What a response FROM ADELAIDE. HE'S STILL COMPLETELY GONE, THOUGH. BUT HRGOVIć'S LEGS LOOK SLIGHTLY UNSTEADY. I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO THINK THE corner should throw the towel in. And all of a sudden Well, he said all week, didn't he, David, that he would absolutely give it everything from start to finish. And he's done it against a pretty decent Filip Hrgović tonight who's beginning to tear off a bit more. &gt;&gt; HRGOVIć HAS GOT him at that right angle. Why he he should be going in with that right hand. Yeah, long left hook, right hand. Got plenty of time in this round as well for both, you could say. Gets his hands up there, Adelaide, but he can't see the ball. There's the left hook counter. ADELAIDE NOW WITH 55 SECONDS, HE'S GOT TO HOLD ON FOR DEAR LIFE. &gt;&gt; YEAH, HE TURNED HIM. WELL DONE. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; IT'S HRGOVIć Hrgović down here. HE'S GOT A GOOD CHIN. [cheering] GETTING STEADY ON HIS FEET. IT'S ALL ADELAIDE. HE WON ONE of the ROUNDS OF THE YEAR HERE IN RIYADH. INCREDIBLE HEAVYWEIGHT ACTION. WHO'S PUNCHED HIMSELF OUT FIRST? EXTRAORDINARY, BARRY. You can't teach that. You can't teach that. That instinct to just throw with no regard for your health. HRGOVIć SUCKS IT UP AND HE DIDN'T take a count. So, remember, Adelaide did go down. So, it should be a 10-8 to Hrgović, but how the Croatian stayed on his feet. What a chin and what resilience. What a round. I couldn't call that from Hrgović. Great body shot. Adelaide's in trouble again at the END OF ONE OF THE BEST HEAVYWEIGHT ROUNDS you will see. WHAT A TREAT. PEOPLE ON THEIR FEET here applauding. Frank Warren and Eddie Hearn with the biggest smiles on their faces. I tell you what, you can't [music] teach that, Barry. But it went something in the corner should throw the towel in to Hrgović almost holding on his feet. That was unbelievable. And then he came back, Hrgović, and like Adelaide had spent, but he really went for it. [music] And the balance of combinations that he threw again were just fantastic. That good right hand there, Adam, from Hrgović looking like Adelaide was holding on his feet. Yeah, chopping down round [music] the left guard of Adelaide and again, he lands another one and you just thought that was it, all she wrote, would Adam Booth throw in the towel, but Yeah, look at that, right on the temple. What a shot. That's a an absolute cracker of a right hand, but back comes Adelaide. Look at that for a left hook. Lawrence Okolie in the background. What a round, Adam. But then the second phase of that when he rallied when he rallied with the How long was it? 20, 30 punches nonstop? Unbelievable stuff. From a man who was exhausted, by the way. What a phenomenal round. What happens next in this Hrgović a mile ahead on points and with the knockdown as well, but the spirit and the guts of David Adelaide and some good TECHNIQUE AND LISTENING TO INSTRUCTIONS AS WELL. HE'S trying to pace himself. Hrgović, though, looking super sharp and super fit. Yeah, good variation with the work there. Couple upstairs, dropping back downstairs. Good. Changing of the levels. Still looking for that left hook, though, off the ropes is Adelaide. I mean, he could just BOX HIS WAY HOME HERE, HRGOVIć, but he sometimes doesn't choose that and that's what makes him exciting. But also, you can't give Adelaide some impetus to come forward, either. He's rolling that left hook again. I think you've got to keep him on the ropes here. You've got to keep him under the under the cosh. Lovely right hand from Hrgović, but he's shaken off that 30 seconds or so of dizziness from David Adelaide who looks down at Adam again in the corner. That's got to be Abel Sanchez and his training camp now in Big Bear with Hrgović. &gt;&gt; And he really trusts his tank, doesn't he? He's still busy, still working. Good tempo to his boxing, Hrgović. Well, it's as good a pace, as good a rhythm as I've seen Hrgović. I would say that he's dictating most of the pace and that's and that's quite important cuz it's your pace. You go when you go. And that helps you and that's why it's quite important to take the fight to the script and that quite often. It certainly flip it and make your your opponent question their tank. Unsurprisingly, a quieter, calmer round after the drama of what happened in the eighth. Both men must be feeling it now. They put so much into this. And so much at stake. I mean, the winner talking about maybe fighting the winner of the White and Allen match. There's so much that lie ahead. Just missing that right hook again Hrgovic. That is the shot. Yeah, pace slowed but let him off the hook. He just doesn't even get close to Hrgovic at all. Jab him, jab him, jab him, right hand over the top. But for Adalei, it's hard cuz he's tired but he's staying low. Throw that jab out with something and throw that right hand over the top. Bully him over if you have to. Well, he hits so hard David Adalei that you can never write him off. But he might just be saving one humdinger for the final round. But Hrgovic boxing his way to victory here. He's got photo left hook off of that right hand Adalei. Pretty turn that he hits into the side as he did there. Missing though, but that's good work again from Hrgovic. Good accuracy. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; I want to take this out and watch this, okay? Okay, watch this. Ben, watch this. Well, let's have a reminder of the eighth round because it will be watched over and over again. It's already a contender for the three minutes of the year. It was Anthony He turns it out there with that right hand with that chopping right hand there. Anthony on his floor. He He He Anthony was coming quite well. Took a knee. Took a knee. Took a rest and came back with a lovely left hook. Hurting Hrgovic then. Both trying to get the hold but Hrgovic was in trouble and steady on his legs. Hrgovic recovered. And then all of a sudden then the rally from Anthony after that was fantastic. &gt;&gt; He's been quick off his stool at the beginning of every round Filip Hrgovic and that eye that was cut in the second has survived. Well done to the red corner team. Well done as well to the blue corner for keeping David Adalei in this. Under the cosh for so much of it but still with an opportunity. A chance maybe very, very late on. He's trying to creep forward now, isn't he Adalei? As we've been calling for. Can he get that left hook back into play? Yes. The score card of Andy Lee there. Andy Lee. For Filip Hrgovic. Well, we've seen stranger things happen in the heavyweight division than some bizarre twist and late drama. But he is running out of time seriously David Adalei and probably running out of puff as well I should imagine. He's put so much in and Hrgovic reasserting himself with neat, tidy boxing Barry. Yeah, but you know what? It's never good taking a punch if you're never good view. This is a great learning experience. And he's stepped up a level here. He took a took a risk. I mean it's a no lose situation unless you get hurt of course. But I mean for him to stand up to this level but he'll learn so much. Not so much about Hrgovic, he'll about himself and how he copes with pressure. Almost 500 punches thrown from Filip Hrgovic. What I'm going to remember about this fight is conditioning, his stamina over the course of 10 rounds. He's boxed really well. But I agree Darren with Barry about a learning education for David Adalei. You can't buy this. &gt;&gt; No, you can't and it's what you take away from it and then bundle too. You're looking at at those stats we see a moment ago. He needs to be busier and the accuracy's got to be better. Didn't land nearly enough. But showed so much heart. A good chin as well. He's taken an awful lot of right hands. He really has. And he's going to keep trying. I don't know how I feel about Hrgovic cuz this is you're a step above in everyone's mind. And this is a fight where you thought most people thought he'd be able to beat Adalei. So, I don't know how you feel about the performance. I think he's been a good watch. But as and Anthony's rose and risen to the occasion I would say that much. I guess you know, you you could look at the score card at the end of this if we do hear the final bell and say, "You know what? I've I've I've comfortably won this." I mean look, there there was some worrying moments at times but generally I you know, I've bossed this contest. And it's been exciting. It's been a really good watch. He's not the sort of guy you want to run into on a street corner Filip Hrgovic. He's a tough man. He withstood some punishment from David Adalei and he's got to again here late on. 20 seconds left for the Brit to find one of these big left hooks that he's trying so desperately hard. He's hurt that Adalei. Last 10 seconds. Deserves to hear the bell David Adalei. 10 rounds of experience in the bank for the Brit. Well done to him. But Filip Hrgovic did what he needed to do tonight. Boxed a plan with efficiency. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of boxing we go to the judges score cards. Judge Marco Morcadelli scores it 98 to 91 and both judges Leszek Jankowiak and Enrico Licini are in agreement. They both score it the same 99 to 90. All for your winner by unanimous decision and now both the WBO International and WBA Continental Gold Heavyweight Champion FILIP "EL ANIMAL" HRGOVIC! TWO VICTORIES OVER TWO Brits this year. Joe Joyce in Manchester [music] and David Adalei in Riyadh. He's got his career back up and running. Hello fellas. Plenty of respect between the two. They've sparred together. This is extraordinary. It's bizarre. It's mad. But yes, Martin Bakole is fresh in from the Congo. How fresh? No one's even talked about the time difference or his sleep. Who knows? But he believes he will knock out Joseph Parker tonight. And Parker bravely said yes after Dubois' illness and the 33-year-old from New Zealand who's had a full, hard camp is ripped and ready to defend his WBO interim belt in this Darren peculiar match up. Yeah, it is indeed. What we've seen already from Joseph Parker is quite a few feints. I expect lots of this to try and empty the tank that way. Mentally drain the fight from Bakole. Look at the size of behind Bakole. Huge. Look at the size of Parker for for Parker by the way. He's massive. He is massive. Weighing in at 269 lb. Put on so much bulk. He has great strength. Remember preparing for Dubois. Got to be careful of Bakole's swinging shots early. The way he marched down Jared Anderson in his best performance last summer. But how many rounds has he really got in him? The consensus is that Bakole's got to get him out there early otherwise he can't continue and I understand that. But no one's really thought about Parker getting him out early. And looking at the shape of him now, the size of Parker. I think if he lands with a big right hand over the top, as strong as Bakole has been, if he ain't fit, he might be in trouble. Well, I think this will be the the target area for Parker. The body with the straight shots that he can work back upstairs. But in doing that with the straight shots you are open to the uppercut. We see against Anderson how devastatingly throws that shot. Just a bit wild there with that looping left hand there. Parker and he walked onto a jab and he just blinking a little bit. And he's really heavy handed Martin Bakole. Look at the natural strength and power of Bakole. And the way he sort of effortlessly throws the shots from different angles. And he whipped that hook in. Looks like he has brought some speed with him from the Congo. But his timing's good. It's always always has been good. Without the energy that he that he never really shown in his career. Even when his speed is not really his friend. But his timing is very, very good. And that's why he when he walks it slowly walks up to you but he somehow still catches you with that uppercut. Just times you very well. Parker's on a great run. Won his last five since that knockout defeat to Joe Joyce. But he's uh come right back. And that relationship he's got with Andy Lee is brilliant. And Andy will try and guide him through these early rounds. And his stamina is better now than it was back then. Let's not remember that. I know that was a hard hard, grueling fight but his stamina is a lot, lot better now. Yeah, it's incredible to think he's only 33 Joseph Parker. Seems like he's been around forever. But what he has gained in that time is tons of experience. Got to be careful of those uppercuts. Was stopped by Joe Joyce and floored a couple of times by Zhilei Zhang before he beat him on points. So, needs to be very careful of the Bakole power. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey. No problem, man. I said just watch your weight in the fight. You've not had a spar or Watch around. Hey. I said Hey. Hey. &gt;&gt; Oh nice. 10 seconds. Joseph Parker's corner. Andy Lee trains in Ireland. Has a big family back home in New Zealand. Father of five, Joe Parker. One of the nicest guys in the business, isn't he? &gt;&gt; really is. He's in such a good place with his team that you alluded to. Joe Lockhart, Andy Lee, the experience that he has. Look at the size of his legs, his thighs. Joe Lockhart has worked so hard on the conditioning. One of the condition of Martin Bakole, Billy Nelson has ever in the corner who trains him up in Scotland. But he hasn't had that privilege before this one. But Bakole's one of these guys who spars a lot and he might just be ready for this. He He just got with with Joseph Parker, he just got to be just not make many silly mistakes. He's jumped in a few times and he got clipped. So you've got to do that but don't get too greedy. You just think, you know, I can let this go a few rounds and he's going to be He should wear out. He should tire out. Punches from Parker to the body. But a bit of blood to the nose of the New Zealand man and Bakole's just trying to walk him down, march forward. You don't want to fight with him. Just just punch, keep moving, punch, keep moving. And for Bakole, just stop being a bit more forceful with that jab. So when you're walking him down, but just try just be even if pouring that jab out. Just dabbing the nose again, Parker. Yeah, he's really trying to impose that size now, isn't he? Really walking forward. But I like how he throws the right hand, Joseph Parker. Takes his head off the line to the left. Really whips in the right hand, looking for the left hook then. Doesn't want to be there though with those uppercuts. Body shot from Bakole was a good one, left hand. He just felt that Parker. Oh, and again. Yeah, there was an uppercut before it as well that lifted his head up. I timed him in that three weeks ago in London, Martin Bakole. He said he was going to fight AJ, knock him out in four. Dubois would last two and Usyk he'd give him six. A good shot there from Parker. See, Parker's got to stop loading up here otherwise he'll be the one gassing out. It's turning into A REAL FIGHT. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; NICE. WHAT A SHOT FROM JOSEPH PARKER. AND HE WAS BEFUDDLED AND HE'S DOWN AND I'M NOT SURE HE'S GOING TO MAKE THIS COUNT, MARTIN BAKOLE. JUST ABOUT. HE GETS BACK TO HIS CORNER. &gt;&gt; NELSON. &gt;&gt; BROUGHT HIM OUT. [cheering] ALL OVER. INSIDE TWO. JOE PARKER DOES get the job done and he does it by stoppage. Martin Bakole halted 48 hours. He gets here but he didn't deliver for long. Wow. Parker does it in style. What a shot. And that's the power he now possesses. Wow. Um look, we said this was going to be a bit of a war, a shootout and in the end Joseph Parker's the one that bring the bigger gun to the war. Incredible. I'm frustrated. I just told someone Bakole can't just walk him down like that cuz he could that heavyweight punch is different. We just saw it. I get it. He hasn't been, you know, camp, hasn't been training hard, you know, all those sorts of things. But those are irresponsible things that no fighter should ever do in the ring. Yeah, I agree. Uh Billy Nelson decided to wave it off. I think there was only about 20 seconds left in that round. Did he get it right? I I don't agree with it. However, that's his coach. Coach is like a dad. Second thing closer to you to a family member. He knew something that we didn't know, I'm sure and uh it happened. Eubank Jr. versus Conor Benn. Big one this one, April 26th, Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The first one was billed as born rivals, this one born hatred. I mean, these two do not like each other. Fantastic fight that one. 26th of April live from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. That man in the ring though, &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; a lot of credit to him. HERE IS THE SHOT. Big shot right there. Top of the head. Top of the head. [cheering] Messes with equilibrium. And it looked like he ate it at first and then it just it he fell apart. Now, when you talk about training, &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; here's the thing. When you've got the the lung capacity, oxygen goes to the brain, it gets there quick enough and he wouldn't have had that sort of might not have had that sort of um reaction to that punch right there had he been training. So yes, this is that's one of the downfalls of taking a a short notice fight. How damaging a defeat for Bakole? I know people are going to say it was only a couple of days. But he was on a bit OF A TRAJECTORY. HE WAS THE BOOGEYMAN of the division. All of a sudden he's been knocked out in two rounds. How damaging a defeat for Bakole? &gt;&gt; tell you what he's got to do. He's got to lose some weight. He's got to come back and he's got to show himself to be who he was against Jared Anderson. If he doesn't do that in his next fight out, then hit this is damaging. This is very damaging. There was a fight scheduled against Fabio Wardley for May 3rd in New York. Does that still happen? Uh he's on the 30-day uh 30-day suspension, yeah. at least. Could be could be longer than that. So I think if anything that that fight is delayed now. Uh but I think that fight should still happen for for uh Bakole. You know, you made a point about the size of him. Obviously, look, this one's coming late notice. He's 310 lbs for this one. But 284 for Jared Anderson before that, 299 against Carlos Takam. Does he need to look at that? Do we need to start taking this seriously now and get to a weight which is more healthy for him? A more healthy walk around weight at least. Yeah, I mean he's he's 33 years old so he's not a grandpa yet. However, with the size, the the the structure that he has at his size, he can't afford to get 300 plus because it'll be hard for him to take off and, you know, what heavyweight likes to work that hard, you know? I can see Spencer Brown in the ring, Frank Warren. All of them look very very happy as does obviously Joseph Parker. Let's get the official decision with Michael Buffer. Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 2 minutes, 17 seconds of round number two. The winner by knockout victory, still the WBO interim heavyweight world champion, Lupesolia'i La'auli O Le Malietoa, Big Joseph &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Parker. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; If Switch had their troubles at elite level this last season, how hard a clash will this be for their beloved Fabio Wardley? Wonderful turnout of support but a very good man in front of him, Justis Huni, standout amateur and like Wardley, unbeaten as a professional. Here we go. HUNI IN THE LION'S DEN. WARDLEY HAS NOT LOST in 19 and 17 have finished by knockout and that right hand that detonated on Frazer Clark is what it stands out in the memory. Right, he commits to the shot, he really does and not holding back already in this opening round. It's important for Huni to stay switched on, stay disciplined. Don't get carried away, don't waste anything. Move, [cheering] stay out of trouble, weather an early storm for Fabio. I think it's about trying to get that right hand as we've mentioned into play early. Good use of the left from Huni. Huni needs to settle &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; and get into a rhythm. But he's been boxing since he was a kid. He's got all that amateur pedigree. He should know his way around if he can get into this and avoid the power. I think Huni is perceived really to be the better technical boxer here. So what he has to do is anytime Wardley makes a mistake, MAKE HIM PAY for it with a shot left hook or a shot right hand. If he misses, you've got to make him counter. And for Wardley, it's to drag Huni into that that into that deep waters as quick as you can cuz he's been there before, Wardley. And Huni maybe hasn't. Yeah, that classic first encounter last year with Frazer Clark. One of the best British fights in recent times. And then that dramatic rematch. Fabio Wardley, an unexpected hero and the WBA number one is for the because Alexander Usyk and Daniel Dubois fight for all the marbles on this zone in July. But this will get these guys closer. He carries a nice high guard, Huni. But I think the head movement's so important here. He can't afford to take any shots high on top of the head or on the temple. That's a good body shot and a right hand. YEAH, LOVELY WORK from Justis Huni. Wardley back on his jab but that combination, head to body. He's clever, Huni. Wardley shouldn't have him that close though. I mean, Wardley's trying to stay a little bit controlled here. We saw that he was keeping that right hand that's very active. Keep moving in that reactive mode. Don't let him walk walk you down like he's sort of trying to do right now. Wardley jabbing to the body. Trying to get the GUARD DOWN OF HUNI SO HE CAN CRACK IN ONE OF THOSE huge heavy right hands. But Huni, if he can be clever here and get into a rhythm, Darren, this will be much more in his favor. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the feet very important and we just see there how quickly he glided glided out of range there to avoid that overhand right. They're going to be so important. I feel like his feet have quickened up as well since the Lorena fight. He's sharpened up everything and that's so important in this contest. &gt;&gt; But the Huni moving to his right, staying away from that right hand of Wardley. He's got to be planning on flooring him. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Right, you're going to be slow to start. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; But once you've got going you need to back up. Once you're on the back foot you need to &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Slip over to the side and punch him on it. Now keep your lead hand up. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Right? Work the body. Get the angles. Maybe even just break right hand again. Start believing. Right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Very good? All right. What do you see? Slow like he's slow but he's It was a good opening round from Justis Huni but right at the end he was hurt. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a right hand. You see it, short shot and you see the legs just stagger of Huni. He was hurt a few times by Kevin Lerena out in Saudi. One or two question marks ABOUT THE HUNI CHIN. But into the second round he's unbeaten in 12. The Australian Fabio Wardley with 18 wins in his 19 fights has that one draw with Frazer Clarke. Big win over David Adeleye. He's done so well, Wardley. Can he get rid of Justis Huni tonight when he was preparing for Big Baby Miller? Totally different style. Yeah, it is it is but I think you'll the way he fights I don't it almost doesn't matter who he's up against cuz ultimately at the end of the day he's going to be in dragging you into his war that wins you the fight. The power, the swinging in with that right hand, that's his money punch. And Huni was hurt early in the in the the Lerena fight in the second round and third in in the last round but he still won the fight. So, he knows how to survive. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; The Wardley's boxing well in that first round and I think I'm going to win that round and and maybe that punch might have just swayed it the other way. Jab from Wardley. Again to the body. He's doing the right thing where he's positioned in the ring. Huni is not getting backed up. He's allowing space behind him so he can use those quick feet to glide out of range. That's a good jab followed by a left hook from the Australian. Yeah, decent speed from Justis Huni. Not so much the speed as well. I think he does he punches the chest with the jab so he could throw that left hook over the top. Just dropping the hands but of Wardley ever so slightly. But he's got quick hands and he moves well, Huni. It's the um education he's had from a very young boy in the gyms and around the amateur tournaments in the world that Fabio Wardley didn't have. I mean what Wardley's style is incredible. But technically Frazer Clarke in that first fight had him in trouble a few times. He was open. There are gaps. But he's so tough and strong. &gt;&gt; tell you what though in that first fight he would have learned so much. You know, he realized that he had lots of attributes that you can't talk, you can't you can't be taught, you can't buy. You know, heart, desire, will to win. But he's got it right in the rematch, didn't he? With that unquestionable power with both hands. Yeah, very very nasty knockout from Frazer Clarke. Good to see Frazer back with a big win the other day as well. He's just willing to go to that dark place very quickly, Wardley. That's the difference between most fighters. He wants it. But he can be hurt and he can be hit as well. But that little left hand he invites a fast one over the top. HE DOESN'T SEEM WORRIED, HUNI, ABOUT THE WARDLEY power here. Well, like I say he's doing the right thing. He's showing &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; you know, what he's trying to show Fabio no respect at all. Obviously he will be but the way he's sort of creeping forward, he's he's moving his head nicely which is so important. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Too many lows. Yeah? If there's a big low he's going to go. He's going to be hard to tie. Okay? Like the water bag drill. Blending it in. Jabs in the space. Feints. Disguise it. Sneak in a one-two. It's my guy. What? It's my guy though. So One side picks off. Not committing to those mistakes. Okay. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; That's that's right hand round the side. You need to shorten up a little bit as well. Yeah. Robert McCracken is always present by the Wardley. Very good corner around Fabio Wardley. Moses Itauma's stablemate just at ringside. Dillian Whyte is his big mentor. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Was meant to be on the show tonight but we uh hear he may have a big fight lined up. This summer that would be great for Dillian. But Fabio Wardley exceeded all expectations of him when he turned professional a few years ago. Now edging towards a world title shot but he's got to deal with this very very tough Justis Huni who's put a combination in there early in the third round and Wardley takes it. I'll tell you what there was a heavy sorry about it heavy left hook to the chest of Wardley. He felt that left hook, Wardley. And that's sometimes he does his most dangerous when he's hurt or when he's tired, Wardley, so he sometimes looks unsteady and he comes back with a big shot to get himself out of trouble. So, you've got to be careful there with that right hand a little bit low. The left hand also low. And with the fast hands of Huni you're in boxing trouble. I like the look of Justis Huni so far. Eddie Hearn was very confident that Frank Warren made a rare mistake. He had Wardley of course at Matchroom. Now under the Queensberry banner Justis Huni is his guy. An underdog in but I think round by round he'll be believing in himself here, Huni. Yeah, he will for sure and look I don't think he'll mind that he was facing a big puncher in Fabio Wardley. And the reason I say that being a a natural boxer which he is. He's an aggressive come forward fighter but to get that style into play when you're fighting a big puncher you get to feint. You get to load up so they tense up and they start telegraphing the shots. Then you can start countering like that. Beautiful left hook. &gt;&gt; Wonderful work here from Justis Huni in the third round and the crowd have gone quiet. Frank Warren just bellowing out instructions at ringside. Just a bit of a nervous look on the uh Queensberry promotional faces at the other side of the ring as Justis Huni has given Fabio Wardley LITTLE RESPECT HERE FOR HIS PUNCH POWER. JUSTIS HUNI IS TIRING HIM OUT defensively inside Fabio. Just keeping the hands a little low. GOOD GOOD BACK COMES WARDLEY &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; UP AGAINST THE ROPES. HE'S TRYING TO FREE his arms for the big swings. ONE &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; COMES OVER THE TOP. It's Fabio Wardley. And the action heats up in round in the third round AND WHAT A ROUND. HERE IT IS TWITCH. Huni and Wardley going to war. AND HE'S THROWING RIGHT HANDS, WARDLEY. HE'S going to come up with the left hook but throw to the middle. Right hand over the top. Left hand again putting him back on the line. He's going to throw his right hand again. RIGHTS TO THE HEAD OF WARDLEY WHO IS UNDER PRESSURE. BACK COMES [cheering] HUNI. TERRIFIC ACTION. That was a good right hand in response from Huni. He needs to try and sustain these last 10 seconds though. Oh, BIG RIGHT HAND FROM HUNI. What a round of boxing. Three minutes of savage heavyweight action and we love it. And there's more. If we could take it off the tire it's back. Jai one OF THE BEST POUND-FOR-POUND fighters in the world in a few hours time defending his IBF super lightweight title. Sorry, it's IBF cruiserweight title. There's so much coming on. His cruiserweight belt on the line against the unbeaten Italian Jack Catalano. That's in a few hours time on the Gold Coast. Cruiserweight action. Heavyweight action has been brilliant this so far. We're going to see this as a big mistake here from Wardley. He leans over there with his hands low and and then so leans into that left hook. But he was coming quite well and then Huni had him on the ropes. Look like under the pressure also the explosion of a combination here, Wardley. Had him under pressure. But right at the end of the round he took a shot and he walked back to the corner and steady on his legs there, Fabio Wardley. RIGHT HAND from Wardley. Oh, terrific start to the fourth and he's going for it. It's bombs away here. Karm Wardley is brilliant. Yeah, a really good fight so far, isn't it, then? I just about edged that last round to Huni, actually. And although Fabio had that wee spell where he looked like he'd hurt Huni, but I think the majority of the round of the balance of was going to Huni. Um I've got Fabio 2-1 up at this stage, but it's all very even and I think it'll be a great fight. Fabio only knows one way to have a fight. He he he can't He's not a boxer. He's a He's a brute and he tries to take you out and and that's what it looks like he's trying to do, but he's in against a serious opponent here, someone who knows what he's doing and Justice Huni. And this is going to be exciting while it lasts. Yeah, Huni is just not allowing him to be on the front foot. That's where Fabio wants to be. He wants to be the aggressor, but he's not allowing him, Huni, and that's what's making it really interesting here. Yep, trying to back him up, take center ring, Justice Huni. HE'S NO FEELING OUT PROCESS. GONE STRAIGHT to work. Real confidence running through the veins of the Australian who fancies he could take him Wardley just defensively open, but then he fires back. He's punching up and down there, Huni. He did it just a second ago. He jumped to the chest again and threw a right hand over the top. And then he's up against the ropes there. Just changing the levels of the shots and that's something that Wardley's not quite used to. Heavyweight action live on the zone. It's another fabulous one, Wardley and Huni. This is speed and pedigree shining through at the minute. Classy shot selection with so much pace on the shot from Huni. And that pedigree operating at such a high level in the amateurs and we're seeing it here. Yeah, good defense from Justice Huni. Light on his feet. AND HE'S BOXING REALLY WELL IN THERE. HE'S [cheering] COMING to take his CHANCE AND HE'S REALLY going for it, Justice Huni. Wardley fires back. HE MIGHT NEED THE CROWD FOR WARDLEY AND THEY'VE GONE QUIET again now. I tell you what, he's Sorry, he cleverly stayed low there, Huni, and he just sort of like made himself a real small target for a really close to Wardley and he just couldn't let his punches go Wardley like he normally would. Yeah, good work to the body. He really needs to trade with Huni here, Wardley. LET THE SHOTS GO. AND HE'S THROWING THEM shots to the body, firing the right hand over THE TOP. HUNI'S LANDING MORE HERE. AND FOR ME, he's winning this fight. But there's a long way to go. He's the Wardley looks He looks a bit tired at the beginning, doesn't he, Wardley? But then doesn't he always? And that's when I can see it again when he sometimes does his best work. But Huni boxes clever here, boxes very smart. Quick little feet were there, Barry. Blood from the nose of Justice Huni who's got to be so switched on. So far, so good for this Australian challenge. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Right. He's trying to press harder now, yeah? Cuz he's paying a lot of attention to his face. Two more probes in his face, shuffling back. When you when you gallop towards your Try and capitalize on that. Turn over. Yeah. Two more probes while shuffling back. Probes are short jabs. Probes. Probes. Probing in the space, not half pace. Yeah, you just shuffle it back. Bring it up the middle. Turn over. &gt;&gt; going. As you gallop, put that behind you. Small Small steps. Front foot, back foot, back foot. As you're doing this, you will gallop. Cameraman location. Cameraman for both, yeah? You can't keep dipping down. Fabio Wardley who's going to become a dad anytime soon in the next few days. But he's got business to take care of here at his beloved Ipswich town in the blue and white and the long white socks, the big man from Ipswich in with the Australian, Justice Huni. Both undefeated. And Huni giving a great account of himself already. Wardley having some success. That chopping shot at the end of the first seemed to trouble Huni, but I like the way Huni's shaping up here. But that's different from Wardley. He's got to be the stalker. He really has to be. Look, he's up against a guy which he's not used to with fast feet and fast not just his fast hands, fast feet and I think the footwork's confusing Wardley. But he he's better when he's the stalker. Trying to capitalize on Furyk, Huni. It's not working for him at the minute. Look at that the power shots from four rounds. He's thrown 10 more, Huni, than Wardley has and Wardley's the one with the big punching power in this contest. Tries the uppercut, Wardley. It's almost like every fight he's learning more, Fabio Wardley, because of the lack of amateur experience. Four white collar fights, Darren. It's extraordinary. &gt;&gt; As Barry said in [cheering] the build-up here in the ring walk, he he's sold this. He's created this as a white collar fighter. So yeah, learning on the job still, but this is really good work from Justice Huni, working the body well, going back upstairs. The variation on point, the speed and then the defense afterwards. It's class. &gt;&gt; And I think with the jab there and closer to the head, it was never really disguised there from Huni. Shows his intelligence here at the minute. Backing jab, exchange body shots, but more from Huni. And Eddie Hearn was saying beforehand they've just got THE BETTER FIGHTER AND THEY might do. Wardley with work to do here. He just You know at any second of any round or four every round, rather, Wardley's dangerous. He can switch your lights off in a split second. He's got that in his locker. He knows it. And he tries a right hand there. But Huni keeping close when he needs to and going BACK TO WORK. AND A LOVELY RIGHT HAND FROM JUSTICE HUNI. He's in a real war now, but he's loving it. He is and he's really sinking in the body shots, Adam. Really turning the THE HIP AND THE WAIST INTO THE SHOT. And the traditions of boxing, I can't see you need to punch and he's getting there first even with the hooks and the straight punches. BUT HE'S MORE COMPACT. YEAH. So you've got to get it longer here, Wardley, and wing the punches in like you like you already know how to. JUSTICE HUNI AT 26 ALREADY GIVING THE performance of his life. A long way from home at five weeks' notice, Fabio Wardley. Tries to chip away AT THE BODY, BUT HUNI AT THE MOMENT knows more. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're from round 10, mate. Great round. That's it, mate. He You were forcing back now. It's a good puncher, but we don't want to get mixed up in a big brawl. But you've got to get When you're there, you let your hands go. You're better than him in the short range. It's only the mid range where he's got any sort of change. Come on, mate. This is yours. Build and build. You've got to Remember that ticker there? You've got to be the ticker than anyone. Right? Smart. You're off the center line a bit [music] more off. Now stay in the center line when we flat foot. Mate, if you're there, you've got to be up on it. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Mark Wilson with the words there. Uppercut from Wardley. Got another round, surely, to Justice Huni. Yeah, boxing [music] nicely, he really is. As they said in the corner, they're working nicely. Compact shots inside. The right uppercut, the left hook class. It's not been a slow start from Fabio Wardley. He's had success, but Justice Huni has been right on it. Well, we were praising our Wardley dragging into his foot his fight, certainly I was. But Huni's made it his fight. He's made it his tempo and he's pushing Wardley back. So Wardley has to be He has to be offensive. That's the only way he knows how to be effective. So the way he can win the fight is being effective and punching long. His mid range short range is all involved in in Huni's favor. Carl, I know the first round was close on your card. How are you seeing it now? I have Huni 3-2 up now. Um He's boxing really well here at the minute and and I I just I get the impression that Fabio's being a little bit sorry for himself. He keeps leaning down to try to avoid Huni's shots, but Fabio's leaning to his own right side with a low right hand and walking into the left hook. He keeps doing it. He hasn't changed it yet and maybe that's the inexperience, but I think Huni's boxing very very well this stage. Just a reminder though, the the general feel was that if Wardley was to win this, he may do it coming from behind. Well, I would say Darren, but we thought that when we thought Huni there we we thought that Huni would be busting a gut in the middle of the rounds. I'm not quite sure he is. I don't think he is. I think he's boxing beautifully here, Justice Huni. Fabio Wardley needs success just to derail Try to get that confidence seeping out of Huni. Remind him where he is, at Ipswich, in his territory. But Huni light on his feet and boxing so well. Needs to follow that jab to the body with a right hand upstairs, Wardley. He does look tired, doesn't he? Just sort of leaning on Huni there. And again, just the reflex of the Huni and I think Wardley's noticed that. That's why he's a little bit tentative to let his hands go cuz he knows As we said at the start of the fight if he makes a mistake Huni will jump on him and I think he's felt that a few times so he's not just not letting his hands go as freely and as wildly as as he quite would if he is his rawness was the sort of a super power wasn't it really? His unconventional approach helped him and at the minute it's NOT QUITE THERE. AND Huni's boxing fantastic. &gt;&gt; you what he really has learned bundles Huni from that Lorraine fight. He's come on so much he really has. The speed of foot that the reactions are a lot sharper. There's a big smile on the face of Eddie Hearn and Frank Warren looks worried. Because they know boxing and just as Huni is performing another right hand and he's relaxing Huni for the upper cut he needs something to detonate on Huni and stop THE RHYTHM THAT THE AUSTRALIAN HAS GOT INTO HERE. Halfway stage coming up. Huni Wow what a performance so far. &gt;&gt; [music] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah he got you playing his game. He's got you playing his game did you hear them in the corner? Yeah well he has and he's dictating the pace he really is and like I think it's the all about getting that distance right for Wardley but Huni they'll just jump in with combinations using that and it's all about the feet for me for Huni his fast hands for the way he explodes in with his feet he closes the distance really quick and again with that right hand he's done it three times in three different parts of the fight so far. Jabbing low to the chest [music] but throwing that right hand over the top and Wardley's falling for it every time. Eddie Hearn enjoying the show. Getting very animated you can see him ringside there really rallying and getting behind his charge. Eddie reminding us all what happened when Jarrell Miller pulled out of the Joshua fight and Andy Ruiz came in at 5 weeks notice and beat his man and this is what he feels is going to happen tonight. Jarrell Miller out just as Huni taking the chance hats off to both of them for making this match cuz it's a really good one but Huni is the one in control. Yeah boxing nicely staying switched on composed dominating again from the center of the ring. Good defensive skills obviously offensively on point lovely jab there working the body so well. Two right hands from Justis Huni. Fabio Wardley open but comes back with body shots he's so tough. Trying to rally I'll tell you what though Wardley's pushing he's not throwing his punches well he's pushing his punches out he's not the same not the same acceleration in his work. I think a gum shield's out. A momentary respite and Frank Warren talking to Fabio Wardley. Throw that right hand. He needs something to happen doesn't he? Yeah he does he needs to roll the dice now he needs to let the shots go. Commit to the shots we've been speaking about it since this fight was announced whenever Fabio Wardley fights that he really really puts everything into the shots. He needs to do that now he needs to find something He's hurt him Fabio just has to hold on Justis Huni a minute and a half into the seventh. Just walked onto a jab there didn't he? Yeah and a mark under the left eye. It's just a case of Huni knowing more the pedigree but the way he's delivering it with a confidence tonight almost a swagger in the Huni work. And also we had we had questions about Huni's chin but that's not a question cuz I don't think Wardley's landed any real solid shots on the chin. Lovely jab beautiful work again from Justis Huni. It's the speed the speed he just can't see the shots coming Fabio. And also you're talking cuz Fabio hasn't got that that strong in the foreback arm like the double jab closes the distance but he's not used to doing that so he's not he he hasn't learned that really but [cheering] he's teaching him so very very late so it's going to be difficult for him to to adjust here. Right hands from Huni. Body shot back from Wardley but he just eats up that and again Fabio WARDLEY AND HE'S BEGINNING to get into SOME TROUBLE HERE 20 SECONDS LEFT IN THE SEVENTH. Yeah he looks jaded he looks hard. And this is menacing the way he's just creeping forward with such confidence to me. Dominating here isn't he that's the honest. Absolutely he's been brilliant Justis Huni Fabio Wardley showing a good CHIN AS ALWAYS. BUT HE'S JUST CHIPPING AWAY AT HUNI FABIO WARDLEY tonight he's been absolutely superb. July is a busy month for us. Who's singing in the war of course on the 19th the week before of the 12th the third Ring Magazine show. Two co-main events Hamzah Sheeraz against Edgar Berlanga Shakur Stevenson tackling Williams Zapata. It's a blockbuster night from New York. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Can't wait for that one July the 12th. This one Fabio Wardley trying everything game brave tough but tonight it's all about Justis Huni. He's doing everything right he's dictating everything and that and that last one especially he had everything his own way and I mean Carl just told me I think he's enjoying himself. He really is. Th- th- this is someone who's dedicated their whole life to boxing and you're starting to see that skill shine through now. Played rugby league when he was a kid turned to boxing at about the age of EIGHT HE'S 26 NOW Justis Huni 18 years in the sport Fabio Wardley's had his eight maybe that's the difference the pedigree and the amateur experience but as a pro he's showing us his best ever performance. And this is heavyweight boxing so no one's out no one's ever knows till the till till the last bell rings he's working them. Body shots from Huni who's got seven knockouts in his 12 wins Wardley swiveling from the hip. But not with the same conviction THIS IS THE FIRST FIGHT I'VE EVER SEEN WARDLEY not throw with conviction and and that's Huni's done that with the feet with the footwork I'm I'm convinced with it. Yeah cuz every time he's missed Wardley he's been made to pay every single time and that sort of prevents you from really committing to the shot. Well it makes you overthink doesn't it? It does yeah exactly that. We've had upsets galore recently live on the zone in the main events at Korobov turning over Josh Taylor Dave Allen beating Johnny Fisher will Justis Huni come into his switch and take care of Fabio Wardley but this is what we love to see FIGHTS WE DON'T KNOW WHICH WAY THEY'RE GOING TO SWING. Yeah tell you what you wouldn't take a fight now unless you're the underdog. I think a right hand there from Huni again just chopped down with a short short right hand. And and I think he's exhausted here as well Wardley and usually that's what put put him in a you know a dangerous move but I think here right now he's pushing the punches out he's not punching with authority not not committing like he usually does. I think a real stiff jab to the body followed by a right hand upstairs could close this show for Huni you know. Just holding on here Fabio Wardley how much is in the tank he trained so hard he wanted this night so badly and he'll do everything in his power to try and find something but Justis Huni has got into his groove here. Good defense QUICK HANDS AND HE'S THE ONE THAT'S HURTING WARDLEY and again. And just that judgment of distance that you learn over time as well that that sort of thing from an amateur background it's showing here tonight. BIG LEFT HAND AND A RIGHT RAINING PUNCHES IN NOW JUSTIS Huni and you're saying he's enjoying it I MEAN HE'S ABSOLUTELY LOVING IT ISN'T HE? HE DISGUISES over every every big attack and effective attack he has he disguises before he throws it and that's I think that's really what's confusing Fabio Wardley here. Spencer Brown and Eddie Hearn are flanking Frank Warren who's sat in the middle and the two boys either side of him are clapping their man because Justis Huni is moving closer to a big win for the WBA interim title. There's too many lows what was the one thing we said you can't do jab him on the low. See you need more space to disguise your timing. And he's returning a lot more taking it on. Yeah but not from a low. Disguising your footwork. &gt;&gt; Round six. Again, another real dominant solid round there from Huni. Clever with his work. Making Wallin miss, making him tentative, and that's making Wallin tentative. Huni's boxing the fight of his life here. And it's fight number 13. It's not unlucky at the moment for team Huni. Protecting his unbeaten record and uh putting a statement out maybe to the other heavyweights that he's one to really watch out for. Let's bring Carl back in. How you seeing things now? Surely Huni is forging ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm pretty well well in front now on the score cards, 70-74. It's hard even seeing less Fabio land something big. It's hard to see him even winning a round. That's big for Fabio. Very, very easy for Justis Huni. And a lot of it's down to the experience and everything else, but Fabio's mentioned it. We're not seeing the same kind of commitment to the shots from Fabio, but without doing Fabio a disservice, that's that's Justis. That's his amateur experience and the pedigree and then the years of training and knowing how to fight properly. Um but he's in control here and really, really enjoying himself. He is indeed, Justis Huni, Carl, but do you think Fabio might have been just a little bit deterred by he was preparing for Big Baby Miller as he tries to whip in another uppercut. Different styles. I'm not sure cuz he approaches all the fights the same, you know, try and detonate the big shots and close the show in dramatic fashion. I just think it's the class of Huni that is completely frustrated Fabio Wardley and stops him from committing and landing, well, not even landing, throwing the heavy shots. The the kind of fear of getting countered with something classy. Yeah, what all Huni's done by the the movement and the and the shot selection and making And again, when when Wardley's made a mistake, he's made him tentative. That puts That makes you think more than you used to. And with that, you get tired and you get tentative and you don't commit to your shots and that's what's happened here. That's all. I mean, look, it doesn't matter what that's what Wardley's done here. Look at the crowd. Come on. Come on, Fabio. OH, IT'S FANTASTIC. IT'S an amazing tale and it's brilliant, isn't it, Richard Conway? 20,000 here for a former white-collar boxer who's done wonderful things. He's a great guy, Fabio Wardley. Out of the ring tonight at the moment, he's struggling and he's struggling against a guy who's got that pedigree, he's got that quality. He's just been boxing for longer and he's outclassing him. Yeah, he's just got good gears, ever so slightly picking the shots ahead and body. He's getting the first and and last say of the arguments. Yeah, frustration there from Wardley with the shoulder. It's a lovely uppercut there from Huni. Great shot. Lee notice coming the other side OF THE WORLD AND AGAINST THIS and this crowd and he's boxed fantastic. I'll tell you what, Barry, when it came to the press conference and Darren and I were here, he was so confident. He was like, "No problem. Doesn't matter where it is. It's a ring and I'll show him who's better." And he is. But it's not over. It's heavyweight boxing and you never know. All right. Stand up, mate. Right. Started Started a little bit slow, but then you got going. You got that round, mate. We've got to keep building and building. He's tired than you. Remember [music] that. He is tired than you. You've got the biggest heart and motor out. Let's go from here on. It's all about how much you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] want this now. You've got your fast Just put your your skills come into play. You're getting up the center line. You're hitting with straight punches and then you're hitting with power punches, right? Don't just stand there waiting to be straight punched. I I mean, they're saying he's more tired than you. He doesn't even look like he's breathing, Huni in that corner, I must say. But again, it's just good work, good variation, good sharp shots to the body and really frustrating and annoying Fabio Wardley. But the corner keeping him on his toes there, Huni, aren't they? They They know he's winning the fight, but they're going, "Listen, you've You've got to win these rounds. You've got to stay on him. Stay on him." That's good cornering, that is. Yeah, very good. Except that they didn't win the corner, then he's not so Terrible cornering. &gt;&gt; Terrible. Terrible. But good. Fabio Wardley out of that blue corner, the Ipswich home corner, and Frank Warren was in there just to talk to him. He's got 9 minutes to find something from somewhere. And remember, he's got 17 knockouts on the record. So don't write HIM OFF JUST YET, BUT HE'S LOSING THIS and he's losing it big. Yeah, and and the you can understand why Frank Warren's in the corner there. This could be a massive missed opportunity for Fabio Wardley. Look at the people that's turned out. You put on a good display here, you get the win, this only grows. But I'll tell you what, he has the power, though. It doesn't look likely the way he's boxed so far. He's just come up against a a good fighter. That's all that's happened. But if he lands [cheering] with a shot, the adrenaline rush he'll get and the onslaught that he'll throw, he could finish the fight. He did land with a shot at the end of the first round, but since then he's not managed to land one. Again, it's the feet. He's just trying to throw a big left hook there, but he's just gliding out of range so easily, Huni, and then he's straight back to the center of the ring. That is so frustrating. Moses Itauma the young heavyweight heir apparent possibly watching on from ringside. So many hovering around ready for a shot. Usyk and Dubois meet Joseph Parker, Aj and Kabayel. There's all SORTS OF HEAVYWEIGHTS. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; AND IT JUST TAKES ONE SHOT. CAN HUNI GET UP? I DON'T THINK HE'S GOING TO MAKE IT. THAT IS UNBELIEVABLE. FABIO [screaming] WARDLEY LOSING VIRTUALLY EVERY SINGLE ROUND AND HE FIGHTS A JACKHAMMER. OH MY WORD. [screaming] AT THE END OF THE LAST ROUND, I said you never know in heavyweight boxing BECAUSE IT COULD TURN like that. That is Hollywood right there. If that was a film, you would say it was too unbelievable. What a shot. He was way down on the cards and he has just detonated a right hand from hell. We were talking about the power, but I said he's got the power to finish it, but it doesn't look likely and it didn't, but that was unbelievable. He walked onto the square of his feet of Huni, walked onto that shot, and Wardley just did what he does best, just committed FOR THE FIRST TIME since round one, committed to a shot and got the finish. Unbelievable. One of the most sensational finishes you will see to a fight that was going so far away from Fabio Wardley. Justis Huni had boxed almost the perfect performance, but he has the power. And Wardley can't believe another knockout. Eddie Hearn is absolutely lost for words. Ben Davison [music] celebrating. The whole of Ipswich is erupting. 20,000 [music] here who were silent round after round. Fabio Wardley with a punch from the gods. I don't think he can quite believe what has just happened there. That That was remarkable. Remarkable. And I said it potentially could have been a missed opportunity. Now this grows. Now the name of Fabio Wardley grows around these parts. He's a star of Ipswich now. For career profile, that's better than dominating the fight, that is. COMING BACK LIKE THAT. CAREER STORIES, ANDY. UNBELIEVABLE. He was He was getting totally outboxed. He was on his way to losing. Possibly maybe getting He could have got stopped possibly. And all of a sudden, he finds the punch to finish it. That's what makes a legend. And that's why we love heavyweight boxing. Live on The Zone and now the sizzler, Fabio Wardley FINDS A RIGHT HAND TO KNOCK out Justis Huni in spectacular fashion. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at that. He squares his feet of Huni. The first time he made a mistake, the first time he makes a mistake, and he has to pay for it. The one thing that he didn't need to do was trade with Fabio Wardley. He does that and he gets caught with an absolute peach of a right hand. Look at this shot. Takes his head off the line. Right on the button and that's all she wrote. He had just three rounds, just 9 minutes &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; to find the answer and boy, did he do that. Justis Huni knocked out, loses for the first time in his LIFE AFTER PUTTING ON THE BEST PERFORMANCE of his life. Does the fight go as short or does it go into deep waters? Gentlemen, protect yourselves all the time. And I said, "Stop and break. No punches. Stop and break. No punches. Touch gloves and good luck." A stunning August Arabian night as Moses Itauma, the precocious prince of British heavyweights, Izzy, squaring up to the dangerous hard and stalwart Dillian Whyte. is It's Hammer, the heir apparent. Is Whyte past his best? Can Dillian really test the young Chazz Witherspoon prospect? Will it be an edgy, cautious start? We remember when Dillian Whyte took on Tyson Fury, came out southpaw, not much happened. But he can start fast. It's Hammer has seven first-round wins. Yeah, so sharp, isn't he? Generates all that power through that speed. Turns into the shots and the feints, the non-punching activity. On point. So, how does Dillian Whyte harvest that? How does he get close to Moses It's Hammer? Feet are going to have to be fast. He's going to have to try and rough him up, but look at this. Positive start from It's Hammer. Yeah, as soon as soon as the bell rang, he came out with a jab there Whyte. And there was a jab and a and a right hook from It's Hammer straight away. And that's the important punch. We all talked about the left hook of of Whyte, but that jab from the hip is hard to read. I think that's going to be important. If he can get that on point. Why does Whyte worry about him putting that right hand in front of his face, Dillian Whyte? Because we've seen how dangerous Moses It's Hammer is with that left hook of his. So, I'd rather have it tucked up by my temple. Whyte really falling short with his jab. Body shot from It's Hammer, who's settled well here in the opening minute and 15 seconds. That's a relaxed start, isn't it, from It's Hammer? Landing clean, not rushing his work. Nice right hook again. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; It's body shots, hand speed. At the moment, all too much for Dillian Whyte. It's a temple shot. And he's going to Body shot from [cheering] Whyte in desperate trouble. AND VERY EARLY. CAN HE SURVIVE THESE big punches? Whyte is gone. He's all over the place. REFEREE HAVING A CLOSE LOOK. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; THE CLOCK IS TICKING. ALMOST INSIDE 2 MINUTES. WHYTE TRIES TO STAND UP TO HIS FEET. WOW. HE DOES IT &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; INSIDE THE ROUND. AND MOSES It's Hammer gets the biggest win of his professional life. And he does it emphatically. And he does it with ease. AND IS THIS GUY NOW GOING all the way? Dillian Whyte complains. 37 years of age. The jab wasn't landing. The speed, the precision, and the power all with It's Hammer, who does it in double-quick time. You said the word there, with ease. You know, he had everything his own way. It was simple. It was simple stuff. He could not miss. And he's got the job done so easily. I'll say that word again. So easily. This man's special, Barry. He finds the time. He don't rush anything. He finds the time. Okay, Dillian's older than he was, and he might be fighting in him, but he's got a lot of experience. He could have been overwhelmed by the occasion by who he was up against. He's only a young man, and all he does is takes his time, takes his target, and once he's got you hit on the temple there, he had him in trouble straight away. Didn't rush his work. Watch this. Couple of shots, takes a step back automatically. Nothing's coming back. Picking his shots, [music] not getting too close. Don't let those feet too close. The range is perfect. &gt;&gt; Ah, look at that. I mean, it's just it's it's so good. It's so spiteful. Everything about it. The little dip of the knees, the intelligence. That little right hook there is an absolute stunning Hollywood showcase real knockout. That that is fantastic. Look, I've been questioning the body language, if you like, of Dillian Whyte. And we we've both said something there. Did he know, Barry, that he didn't have it anymore, Dillian Whyte? &gt;&gt; sure. You know what I mean? You're not quite sure if you've still got it. But you know, you never know, do you? But I mean, either way, whether he's old or not, it's still a good win for It's Hammer. It was a potentially a test on paper, and he didn't give Whyte an opportunity to get into the fight. Dillian Whyte's been a brilliant servant of the sport. A fantastic stalwart. He never ever got into that for any second of the fight. His jab fell short, and it was with consummate ease that It's Hammer just picked him off and knocked him out. And I know that Dillian is 37, and I know that that's what It's Hammer should have done, but he was kept waiting in the ring. He kept his composure, and he delivered beautifully tonight. &gt;&gt; he have done it that early, though? I mean, he should have done it, but not that early. The way We always say the sign of a of a potentially great fighter is when they they don't rush their work, but they get it done quick. And he That's what happened. He don't rush his work. It's all done quick. And we can't take anything away from that victory and the manner in which he's done it, because we've been talking about the shape and the weight of Dillian Whyte all week. You know, how he's really taken this serious. And he's just completely ripped up the script there and announced himself in a big, big way. People might question Dillian Whyte's ambition, but he trained incredibly hard. You don't lose all that weight, best shape in 10 years. But father time, legs, speed, and Moses It's Hammer, if you listen to AJ, to Fury, to Okolie, to Joe Joyce, to everybody, they all think he's the next big thing. That was a test on paper. But also, let's be realistic. We all He was a massive favorite as well. We all thought he was going to win. But it's not how you It's not if you win, it's how you win. And he didn't allow him into the fight. All that experience that we talked about potentially causing problems, he took it out the play by just taking the center of the ring and dominating from the first second. I did question whether 6 minutes and 14 seconds of waiting, whether the fight wouldn't last that long. And within 2 minutes, it was done. And there's the smile from Moses It's Hammer. I think we're going to see him back in the ring pretty soon. Frank Warren, brilliant manager there with Frank Benn Davidson. Ring four, we're back in Riyadh November the 22nd for a monster show. Anthony Yarde always in the best of fights. He's with David Benavidez, one of the world's elite Bam on the card as well. He got Devin Haney, Brian Norman. A very happy Frank Warren just looking down at us at ringside. There's Barry Smith, Moses, and the team will celebrate. And the questions are going to go now. What do they do with him? Who does he fight next? Well, job done emphatically. Not unlucky 13. He absolutely shone tonight, Michael. Ladies and gentlemen, the end of this contest comes at 1 minute 59 seconds of the very first round. The winner by knockout victory, his record now still perfect. 13 fights, 13 victories, 11 wins by knockout. He is still the Intercontinental and International Champion along with the new Commonwealth title. He is Moses IT'S HAMMER. 20 YEARS of age. Cleaning up so far. So, for the 90,000 fans in attendance and the millions watching around the world. Ladies and gentlemen, LET'S GET READY TO RUMBLE! &gt;&gt; [applause] [cheering] &gt;&gt; INTRODUCING FIRST, FIGHTING OUT OF THE red corner, wearing black, officially weighing in at 243.8 lbs. His professional record is an excellent one. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; 22 victories. of those 22 wins by knockout. Only two defeats. And tonight, he is looking for revenge and redemption. From London, England, the reigning, defending IBF heavyweight champion of the world, Triple D, Daniel Dynamite Dubois. AND ACROSS THE RING, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing gray with red, his weight officially 227.3 lbs. This Olympic gold medalist now as a professional has a perfect record consisting of 23 fights. 23 victories, including 14 wins by knockout. He's a two-division undisputed world champion. From Simferopol, Ukraine, the current Ring Magazine Champion, the reigning, defending, undefeated WBC, WBA, WBO, IBO heavyweight champion of the world, Oleksandr Usyk. Come on, the boys. &gt;&gt; LIGHT THE TOUCH PAPER. This is undisputed. This is for all the marbles. It's as good as it gets. YOU GENTLEMEN HAVE RECEIVED MY instructions in the dressing room. Remember to protect yourselves at all times. TOUCH GLOVES NOW, MAN. YOU'RE BOXING AT THE BELL. God bless you both. Touch gloves now. Touch them. Let's go. Let's go. Just about touching gloves. THIS IS WHAT WE BOXING fans live for. LIVE ON DAZN. Daniel Dubois furious [cheering] ABOUT THAT LOW BLOW. THAT GREAT PUNCH. WHAT WAS IT IN POLAND? Two years on, they do it all over again. WEMBLEY, WHERE COOPER NEARLY STUNNED CLAY, WHEN FROCH KNOCKED GEORGE when had lift up against Klitschko. And when Dubois had his biggest win in September. Got to double up that jab early. Dubois got to produce it under pressure, but immediately gets caught. What a fantastic jab. But Usyk on the back foot, but he needs to bring his feet in, Dubois. He didn't do that nearly enough last time. Needs to be positive. Expect a fast But this fainting from Usyk does the damage down the stretch. Whatever he does to Dubois, he's got to believe and commit to it. If he's half throwing a half punch and not fully committing with the punch, it's going to leave you exposed. He's got to be aggressive, but he can't be careless with it cuz Usyk is a brilliant counter puncher. Didn't throw enough jabs first time round in Poland. Absolutely has to do that, Dubois. But Usyk already beating Dubois to the jab. That's what he did with AJ. Right at the beginning of that fight in Tottenham. He's an absolute master. But that right hand of Dubois has knocked out 21 opponents. And he's dangerous. He takes this thing out of the shot, Usyk. Look at that footwork. Just glides off. A step out of range and fires back with that beautiful southpaw jab. But look, every time he throws the jab, he dips the legs, he punches low, he punches up with that jab. Makes it almost impossible for Dubois to defend against. It's a warning. That southpaw jab of Usyk's his sole puzzle. He's brilliant normally in rematches. Can Dubois make a difference? Surely got to be aggressive. And commit early. And he's got to stay as relaxed as he can, Dubois. He can't tense up cuz what will happen, he'll start telegraphing the shots and Usyk will read them. Beautiful there from Usyk. See making Dubois miss early when he's all tense and looking to hit the target clean cuz he knows he has to make an impression. Will tire Dubois out very quickly. From Daniel Dubois, you you have to stay relaxed. For a moment already looks tensed up. And Usyk was brilliant in the last few rounds against Tyson Fury in December. He's 36, but he's only had 23 pro fights. And Usyk has started very, very well. Yeah, the the footwork mesmerizing, it really is. So much variation with it. Forward, back, and side to side. He's playing with the feet. Backing him up nicely though into the red corner, Dubois. Escapes that corner. Look at where he's positioned now, Usyk. On the front foot, smart. See when Dubois had him there, he got to aim that punch that right hand to the chest. It's a big attack in the head. He's got to stop the movement. Swinging out the right hand, Daniel Dubois. Full of confidence, but Usyk back with a left. And that jab to the body to try and slow Dubois down and remind him what did happen in Poland. This is brilliant from Oleksandr Usyk in the opening round at Wembley. And he said he was going to start fast, and he did. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; What a great start here from Oleksandr Usyk. Stepping inside, landing that jab with an upwards trajectory. Makes it impossible for Dubois to defend against. He just took the sting out of Dubois's offense early on. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; A really good solid round there from Usyk. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he means business, Usyk. The way he finished that round, really trying to step forward and land that big left hand. Impressive start. Yuriy Zhukovsky Ras Amber in there with Oleksandr Usyk. And you've got the feeling he wants to make A REAL STATEMENT TONIGHT. "DON'T PUSH THE HORSES" is what he said to Dubois at the press conference. That's a reference to when Usyk got hurt by a horse when he was a young kid. The only time he's ever been knocked out. Brilliant wizard of the ring looking to become a three-time undisputed champion. It really is extraordinary. But Dubois is in the form of his life. It's important for Dubois to stay calm. Even though he didn't have a lot of success that first round. And even though he might be a little bit panicky cuz he got a bit tired cuz he missed a few shots. It's just it's early in the fight here. He's just working hard. He's got to try and aim for the aim for the chest though with that one. Yeah, he does. He's picking out that jab to the chest, but that right foot position very, very smart from Usyk. He takes a step on the outside, and that makes it a lot more easier for the southpaw, which he is, to find that left hand. Looks very relaxed, doesn't he? Focused. He looks He looks crisp and sharp and intent here. Usyk, Dubois just falling short. And nearly probably that red hot in sparring. But how do you find a sparring partner like Oleksandr Usyk? You just can't do it. See what he did there, Dubois? He He didn't hit He didn't land with the shot, but he threw his punches, and it moved Usyk back. At least all he's got to do then is dip the legs and then just go again. You get him in a situation where it's difficult to get him in any any of the ropes in the corner, you've got to try and make the most of it. Good shot. From Dubois. That's what they're looking for. Gareth A Davies Dubois puts that counter on Usyk. Action heating up here at Wembley. Beautiful work from the Ukrainian. And that's the issue though. When Dubois, what we've been calling him to do, steps in. But Dubois's chin's not an issue. No. I mean I mean he has a great chin. Him going down is not not about the the resistance of the shot. But when he takes that step, there's always the chance that he could walk onto one from Usyk. He nearly did with that left hand. Inside the last minute of the second round. Dubois needed a very fast start. Trying to gain some clubbing Usyk with a right hand, but that jab can't really get working with Daniel Dubois, and I think that's the problem. Well, it's the lead hand of Usyk that's stopping him jabbing cuz he's just firing over everything at the minute, Usyk. And he's taking that little step to the right to spin him round. That circle so impressive, it really is. And And it's only subtle movement, but it's so effective, especially against bigger guys. It takes them out of their rhythm, making them miss, making them tired. But he looks strong as minded, Dubois. He hasn't His mind hasn't wandered yet. Well, mentally must be so much stronger at 27 after those wins over He got caught out by Usyk, but the countering shot FROM THE SOUTHPAW. AND Daniel [cheering] Dubois just wobbling at the end of the second round. I'll tell you what, it's all happening in the UK, but later tonight we've got more for you live on DAZN. IT'S BAM AGAINST CAT FOO, and you love Bam. He's my favorite fighter. He's absolutely beautiful to watch. He really He'll be watching this and enjoying this from Usyk so far cuz his movement on the target, Bam, is as good as anybody's in world boxing right now. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Fantastic [music] work, it really is. Walking Dubois onto the shots. The accuracy. Look, there's that step. Just missed it at the end of the replay there, but he's just using that force, the momentum of Dubois in his favor. This man is a master. He's a magician. Class. And just after Dubois landed with a good shot of his own, Usyk fires back. Great timing. European gold medalist, world gold, Olympic gold, undisputed cruiserweight champion, and undisputed heavyweight champion and the first six Lennox Lewis last year. The belts got scattered, IBF picked up by Daniel Dubois. That's a right hand again. Trying to prise open Usyk. Tell you what, it's really good action so far. And it's good that he's positive, but even though he had a bad round there, Dubois has come up positive again out of round two with good right hands. And even that is pushing Usyk back, showing that physical presence. It's not not a bad thing for him. He's so strong, so powerful, Daniel Dubois. Can he just get Usyk backed up into corners or on the ropes and just throw leather at him? I'd like to see him throw the left hook because of that spin off that Usyk does on his right hand side. You've got to try I wouldn't target the head though. I'd aim for the shoulder, the chest of Usyk. When he spins See there? That's the perfect shot what he just threw there. The problem, Daniel, is that he's can't land with his shots. He kept throwing his straight left and he's going to slide to the left when he's throwing that jab. I think he's trying to clip Usyk round the top of the head. Dubois maybe targeting that area. You know about the body that will surely work at some point, but Usyk's still light on his feet, in and out. The hard thing with Dubois here is he can't give any shows to Usyk. Any signs that he's going to throw a shot because as soon as he does that, Usyk knows he's the master counter puncher. He's got to find a way to land his right hand cuz they're good shots. A much better round than the first two for Daniel Dubois. Looked a bit shaken at the end of the second, but he's back, focused, and believes in himself so much. Most people who picked Dubois said he has to win between 1 and 6. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; To Dubois. Good counter from Usyk. Just the accuracy there as Dubois comes in. Now he's trying to back the Brit up. Still plenty of time in this round. He felt that one, Dubois. Beautiful left hand from Usyk. But he knows Usyk he can't take any silly risks. Even though he wants to try and jump on him, he knows Dubois is still dangerous. He walks onto a shot, he's in trouble. I'll tell you what, guys, STYLES ARE JELLING BRILLIANTLY. It's even better than that first fight. Usyk trying to get a jab in. What next from Daniel Dubois? He's had a couple of decent rounds, Dubois, but Usyk taking over as he always do later in the fight, later in the rounds. He always finishes strong. I think Dubois needs to bend the knees when he throws the shot. Every time he targets the head, the majority of the time he's missing, but when he bends them knees and throws them to the body or to the shoulders, he has more success. And a right hand again. Such great timing there from Usyk with that left hand especially. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; When he leans to the right then he just lets it go. It's not that fast, but the timing's impeccable. Certainly better from Dubois than the first 6 minutes. Then it gets straight to Lennox. How are you seeing it? Uh Dubois did better that round. He's He's becoming a bit looser. He's got to punch when Alex Alex is punching. Alex Alexander Usyk is punching. He's got to punch the same time. He can't allow Alex Alexander to punch and get away. He's got to catch him before he gets away. And also, you know, not reach overreach with his punches. He's got to throw crisp combinations, quick. Work on speed instead of power. Basically, punch first and end up punching last as well. Lennox Lewis, I'm the greatest heavyweight. And our greatest stadium Wembley is full, packed to the rafters. ALEXANDER USYK, DANIEL DUBOIS, ROUND FOUR of their rematch for the undisputed heavyweight championship. All the belts on the line, WBC, WBA Super, WBO, IBF. I want to bring Carl Frampton in. Carl, how are you seeing things? I actually gave that last round to Daniel. I think what he done in the first minute and a half was enough to And although Usyk come on strong, I think Daniel's first minute and a half was enough to win him the round. He's looking okay HERE, YOU KNOW, AS WELL, but what I haven't seen from Daniel is a double or a travel jab. He needs to travel, double or travel it to get close. And then when he does get close, then be the brute that you are and impose your size and strength. Carl, we were talking about doubling up the jab. That's what Dubois has got to do, but Usyk's not really allowing him. I just think he needs to commit a little bit more. Usyk's right. Usyk He's taking a step back. He's jabbing over the front the first jab, but he jabbed over the first jab and a lot of one comes in behind it that might land. I just think he needs to commit a little bit more like Daniel Dubois. We said that earlier in the fight, didn't we, Daniel? Actually, every time he throws a punch it's all or nothing for him. He doesn't have to be reckless, but it's got to be like you said, Carl, 100% committed cuz here in this round, he's being picked off quite comfortable, I think, Usyk in this round. But he's not really committing with that jab. He's half stepping in with it. Yeah, he's wary about what's coming back at that final one, isn't he? He wants to travel up the jab. That left hand comes right through the middle. As it does that, beautiful shot again from Usyk. The southpaw skills and speed of Alexander Usyk at the age of 36 still evident for all of us to see. He sort of throws his two good shots there, Usyk, and then sort of nicks another one at the end, doesn't he? It's not really there for him. He just sneaks it out. He's just so relaxed, isn't he? He's He's the complete opposite to being tense. That allows him to throw shots. Big goal time. Big goal for there there, Darren, from Daniel Dubois. He must have expended a lot of energy and Tony Bellew always talks about that. And Usyk makes you work extra hard. Yeah, the feints with hands and feet, the little twitches, they make you react. And when you're mentally tired, that sends shock signals to the body. It's exhausting. Missing is only superseded with tiredness by taking heavy shots. It's an And for big fellas like Daniel, it's a real problem. Usyk just picking his punches, selecting that Dubois has got which is not good. And Dubois just gets one through and there's a smile from Usyk who stays standing. No low blow controversy there. Mike Griffin, the referee, who actually refereed AJ's upset to Andy Ruiz in the garden a few years ago. I wonder if he's got another one here. Can Dubois pull it off? But what did he do with that shot again? He seemed Usyk was physically hurt by it. Exactly that. Throw it again. Double it up. Disguise it with the jab then let it go. Why did he not? What's his shot about that one? Yeah, but it's as low as the It's as low as the last one in the last fight. It's sort of exactly the same, wasn't it? The two of Usyk Usyk just picked him apart in that round. He didn't do nothing He didn't do low shots to start the round. Every time Daniel threw a shot, he [music] threw over the top really quickly and just took a little bit of confidence away from Daniel Dubois. The arch lit up. Amazing to see the ring walks and the stars very much in. He's getting a big boo. The problem child, Jake Paul. Hit Jason Statham. So many in tonight of stage and screen and sport at this wonderful setting of Wembley Stadium. Thanks for joining us live on the zone. The undisputed heavyweight championship. This the round where Daniel Dubois finished off Anthony Joshua in September. AND A RIGHT HAND AGAIN. HE'S TRYING THAT SHOT TIME and time. Yeah, he took it well on the gloves though, Usyk, and takes a step out of range as well just to take some of the power out of the shot. And again, just as he's starting this round, he landed a lovely jab, Usyk. And it's the variation of the shot. He just went inside of the stance, beautiful boxing stance, and fired the shot right through the guard of Dubois. Always keeping Dubois thinking. And it's what you said earlier, Darren. He never loads up. He just always relaxes. He's not losing weight on the shot. He'll get the weight and the turn of the punch, but he's not trying to dig in with any punch, just peppering away. Usyk Usyk The crowd are chanting the Oleksandr of the Ukrainian wizard who's just looking at Dubois' body and then throws it up to the chin. I mean, this guy is an extraordinary sportsman. He really is. And Daniel Dubois trying to force him back. Dubois is &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; hurt. And he goes down IN THE FIFTH ROUND. AND THERE IS A MINUTE 24 LEFT. AND THIS THE ROUND WHERE HIS DREAMS CAME TRUE AGAINST AJ. Will they turn into a nightmare here at Wembley? Big right hand from Usyk. And he's got him. HE'S OUT. DANIEL DUBOIS. HE'S NEVER GOING TO MAKE IT. ALEXANDER USYK GETTING CROWNED RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW. HE IS UNDISPUTED FOR THE FOURTH TIME. WHAT twice twice The genius of modern boxing, Alexander Usyk, pound-for-pound king. What a performance. What a statement. Repeat, but even more this time around. He wanted it to make it heavier and more evident, and he knocks out Daniel Dubois in five at Wembley. Amazing. He said it would be Okay, he said it would be more conclusive. He was better than the last time. Daniel come and gave it a good go there, but I said he don't load up with shots. And then, as soon as I said it, he started planting his feet, Daniel. Yeah. A three-time undisputed world champion. This man is a great. He will go down as one of the best of all time. That was special. That was punch perfect. You witnessed greatness is The first knockdown was a sweeping hook that he didn't see Daniel, I think. But that last shot, he's dug his feet into the canvas and whipped that left hand right over the top. He bowled him over. Lovely to see this between the pair of them. Daniel Dubois trying everything. At 27, he can come again. But there was no match to the mercurial wizard that is Oleksandr Usyk, that right hand chopping by the heir of Dubois. AND THEN FOLLOWING THAT, IT was the left hook, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; it's that first one. Sorry, I think it's the first one that really did the damage. That one knocked him over, but I think the first one really stunned him. Then the next one knocked him over. Now this shot here we're going to see in a minute was a corker of a punch. Here we go. Oleksandr Usyk at his scintillating best with a left COUNTER TO THE CHIN, and it was goodnight for Daniel Dubois. And all rise for the brilliance of Oleksandr Usyk who just deserves so many accolades because he's a wonderful guy outside of the ring, inside of the ring, I think he's top 10 of all time. Absolutely stunning left hand to close the show here. Look at this shot on the point of the chin. Daniel Dubois knew it was coming. You could see him shutting his eyes. It landed and it closed the show. The man is special. We are going to miss this fighter when he's gone and there's not long left. He is a king. He is a king. He literally is. What a shot. &gt;&gt; went out. There was no way Dubois was getting up from that. Gentlemen, the end comes at 1 minute 52 seconds, 1 minute 52 seconds of round number five. The winner by knockout victory, once again undisputed and still the undefeated heavyweight champion of the world, the fighting [cheering] god of the Ukraine, Oleksandr Usyk. It's a real battle for the gold that lies in wait. A dream shot at the mercurial wizard, Oleksandr Usyk. Parker is favorite going in. But with Fabio Wardley, you never know. A STRING OF FIRST ROUND KOS. Don't take your eyes off this. He wins late as well, Wardley, but is he good enough? It's a big step UP IN LEVEL. LIVE AND EXCLUSIVE on DAZN, THE HOME OF BOXING AND DAZN, THE HOME OF heavyweight boxing. It really is and I'm so intrigued to see &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; how this plays out early. Who's going to hold the center of the ring? Who's going to get in that rhythm behind their jab? Who's going to land the first heavy shot and how will they react? Fabio Wardley's had more ring activity. Joseph Parker, of course, just the two rounds beating Martin Bakole when he was meant to fight Daniel Dubois back in February. Tantalizing in the blue ribbon division, Barry. Yeah, it really is. And see, with Wardley, he's so athletic, he's so instinctive that when he throws his punches, he'll put a whole his whole his body into the shots. So you're throwing another punch and putting your back off balance. Now with someone like Parker who's very structured, very good, he's going to make Wardley pay for every mistake that he makes. 66 fights as an amateur, 40 as a pro now. It's a long career for Joe Parker, but he looks to have real momentum and is really settled under Andy Lee. Wardley with the jab trying TO POKE IT OUT. He'll believe, won't he, Darren? Yeah, he will. The feet are going to be key here for Parker. We see that against Huni, he was frustrated, wasn't he, Fabio Wardley? He couldn't get to grips with that subtle movement in and out of range and I've already seen it in this opening round. There you go there, just a half a step out of range, just making Wardley fall short. He's just going to make Parker feel a little bit uncomfortable here, Wardley. Not dramatically, but just making Wardley's work a little bit. If if Parker gets a foothold in the fight, it's going to be difficult to put knock him out of that. Just doubt his right eye, Fabio Wardley. We don't need cuts early. Jab from Parker. More organized and structured, but Wardley wild and dangerous. Yeah, it's blood to the the side of the nose of Fabio Wardley. Isn't it always? Yeah, he always marks up, but he's got the heart of a lion. A real gladiator. And what a story. Eight years after first lacing the gloves up, this is where he is on the big stage. Straight shots is what you need against Wardley cuz he swings his punches, he moves in and out with his feet, but he sometimes squares up and that's what Parker's good at. If he just keeps the discipline with the straight down the line, that could possibly win him the fight. Another right hand. It was one round the back of the head. There's the shot that put a puddle Martin Bakole in Riyadh. He does hit hard himself, Parker. That's a looping right hand there from Wardley. He's the second of the round. Combination from Parker and Wardley is stunned at the end of the opener. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Breathe. Your jab is the best punch you've got. Breathe. That's a clean &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Breathe. Don't get greedy with your jab cuz he's just trying to come out. He's waiting for you to attack and commit, yeah? That's yeah. Be clever with your attacks and with your jab. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Make everything unpredictable with your jab. And he's just waiting for you to react. He's trying to counter you waiting for you to commit, yeah? Once you get him moving, then you can get your hands going. Once you get him moving back, you can double jab him and hook him, yeah? Andy Lee who's guided him brilliantly through those wins over Deontay Wilder and Zhilei Zhang, what a combination they make. &gt;&gt; thought that was a very good opening round that for Parker. He was sharp, he was switched on and the way he finished it was menacing. 24 knockouts on his record. Everyone's talking about Fabio Wardley's power, but Parker can really hit. Just a note to sorry, Adam, just a note though, Wardley usually fires when he's in trouble. That's his first instinct, but he held then and that was a good thing cuz he he was safe. And he never usually does that. He usually wants to fire back all the time. So he knows he's up he's up a level here. He's well aware of that and that might be a good thing for him. Jab to the body from Parker. Wardley loose and languid, but said he's improved since the Justis Huni fight. He's got to He's got to be wary as Wardley when he throws that right, whether it be to head or body, he's not too off balance because the left hook for Parker for Joseph Parker that was a very, very effective weapon. And also Wardley's defense is just to turn that shoulder. And I'm not sure in the heavyweight division is that effective cuz I don't think you get the the real rotation through that shoulder roll. Wardley's shown a very good chin today. Parker has been down six times, but apart from the Joe Joyce late stoppage defeat he's fast. He's cut through his 12 rounds. PARKER HIT WARDLEY HERE. MINUTE 20 INTO THE SECOND ROUND. It's the round that he took out the late replacement Martin Bakole earlier in 2025. He didn't catch him with a knuckle of the glove. He dropped him with a right. AND NOW PARKER'S HURT. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; HERE COMES FABIO WARDLEY. And that left hook is well followed. HE'S STAYING HERE, JOE PARKER. HE FELT the power there of Wardley and will this turn INTO THE SHOOTOUT THAT SOME PREDICTED? And if he don't get hurt in this round, Left hook from Parker. Left hook from Fabio Wardley AND PARKER [cheering] IS BEING BACKED UP IN HIS OWN CORNER. IS THIS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR THE EXTRA TIME? LEFT HOOK FROM PARKER. HE'S IN A SPOT OF TROUBLE HERE, BUT AGAIN, he shows a good chin. UPPER [cheering] CUT FROM WARDLEY. CROWD ON THEIR FEET HERE. A RIGHT HAND AND HE'S ON TOP. AND PARKER'S GOING TO HOLD. 40 SECONDS LEFT in the second. He's got to move. That's what he's got to do here, PARKER. GOOD SHOT, DARREN. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Good shot comes out. Ben Davison of the team ARE FURIOUS. JOE PARKER'S GOT some extra time here. ARE THE LEGS STEADY, BARRY? I'm not quite sure, you know. I mean, he needed to move out of that corner. I don't think he COULD THERE, PARKER. GOOD JAB FROM WARDLEY. LOOK AT THIS. BLOOD FROM THE NOSE of Parker. 20 seconds LEFT IN A DRAMATIC SECOND HERE AT THE O2. WELL, I'LL TELL you what, we've always questioned how far can Fabio Wardley go, what level is he, but what he does have, and we've just found out, is world class power. Grimace is there, Joe Parker, trying to FIGHT FIRE WITH FIRE. WARDLEY'S BIG RIGHT HAND COULD DETONATE ON THE PARKER CHIN. He needs to bell here, the New Zealander, and he's got it. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [music] &gt;&gt; Well, they're absolutely fuming in the Wardley corner about the gum shield. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And he got those extra seconds, didn't It worked as well whether he went off whether whether he's he's backed it up that it went off the But with a punch either way. They took their time with that, and it got him out of trouble, I feel, cuz he was in real jeopardy there with Joseph Parker. In that corner, unable to move away. All he had to do was move his neck, so I don't think he could. And Wardley was just lining him up with those heavy shots. That's a lovely uppercut there from Fabio Wardley. I think the shot that caused the damage initially was a a right upper high on the head of Parker, and it really scrambled the senses. Real firepower from the Ipswich 30-year-old Wow. Huge underdog going in. No pressure really on the Wardley shoulders, WHEREAS JOE PARKER CAN ILL afford a defeat at this stage. A risky assignment when he was in line for Oleksandr Usyk, but he's taken it, and fair play. Great for the fans. Oh, lovely there from Wardley. So fluid with that jab and right hand. He looks relaxed, doesn't he? Yeah, Oh, stinging Parker there. They could be boxing each other. It should just be heavily boxing. No one they just one punch all the time. They should They should just think what's going to happen. Change your mind. Parker came in heavy. Was it to make a statement with a knockout win? Is he as quick as he was? He doesn't need to be that quick. He's He's got the timing, and he's just not moving his punches and throwing the punches straight down the line there, Joseph Parker. Yeah, I think the only time you throw a hook at this stage in the fight is if you're going to look to counter the right hand of Wardley. Otherwise, I agree, Barry, keep it straight. Get behind that jab. The right hand will follow. Cuz the way Wardley loops his punches over, balls them over, you know he's going to have a going to have a gap down the middle. Again looking for the overhand right. Fabio Wardley, the uppercut might be the punch as Parker comes in. Where's the New Zealand man's jab? Good good head movement from Wardley there. Sit on the outside and bob and under. When you sit on the outside with the jab, throw the right hand. Keep that left hand up and throw the right hand. A little counter there from Parker. Body shot from Wardley was really good, and Parker just has lost his shape. There's no real snap behind the jab. And there's A FLUID LOOK TO Fabio Wardley here. He's got to move a lot though here, Wardley. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; For a big fella it's not They've never been never a good sign. OH, FROM WARDLEY BOUNCES OFF THE CHIN OF PARKER. HE TOOK THAT REALLY WELL. No way he's still on his feet after that. And back he comes now trying to pump the jab out, get it going. Ooh. Real tension here, AND NOW PARKER THROWS ONE OF HIS BIG RIGHT HANDS. WE'VE GOT We've got to see a replay of that right hand of Wardley. That was flush on the chin of Parker, and it really scrambled the senses. It was a shot like a crack, wasn't it? Yeah, took it absolutely brilliantly. Maybe down to the conditioning, but Wardley there's a a confident look about him at the moment. I don't think Parker's doing that bad in the rounds, to be honest. Good movement there from Wardley. Good body movement. Both of them look tired after just three rounds. A long way to go, but heating up nicely. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Robert Hodgkinson and Ben Davison in the corner. All right, just It It just grazes the target, doesn't it? But the noise that it made. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Joe Parker, 36 victories, former world champion. Let's bring in former world champion Carl Frampton. What a 9 minutes. Yeah, fight living up to all expectations so far. Great fight. I have Fabio Wardley in front by a round. Um I think he's looking well here. I think I'm I I get the feeling Joe's trying a little bit too hard after he got caught with that jab in the second round. Like he's almost trying to impress. I don't think he needs to do that. Just get back to the basics. I feel like he's a better jab than Fabio, but he's not using it enough, but Fabio's looking really good here. Um Yeah. Better than I expected him to look this early in the fight, and he's I mean, we all we all thought he had a puncher's chance, but at this stage he's got more than that. Do you think he's growing in confidence here, Wardley? I think so. I I do think he is. I just feel like there's a little bit I mean, we're early on in the fight here, but out of the two fighters, Fabio seems to be maybe a little bit more tired than Joe, which isn't a great sign so far, but he's boxing out of his skin at this point. Yeah, big body shot from Wardley. What's it taken out of the engine, all these huge shots? Both of them hurt. Tell you what, he's using the jab nicely on the back foot, Fabio Wardley. Good variation with the shot, but it's stopping Parker being able to commit to his own shots. Well, you know how Wardley fights, so you've trained that. He's dangerous with the shots, so you've got to be careful when you let your shots go cuz he'll fire back. But once you've felt it, it can be a different outcome. I just think at the minute the target's boxing like that waiting for somebody to come back. And that's making it intended that that jab go with authority. Again, I think two opportunities there to throw the left hook, Parker. Missed with a body shot, and he missed with a right hand upstairs, Wardley. Compelling. Living up to all expectations. You don't know which way this is going to twist next. Combination from Parker. Wardley just ate it. And back with the right jab. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; He'll be careful THERE CUZ HE'S WARDLEY changes his body to coming out with A RIGHT HAND. AND IT IS THE FINAL THIRD IN THAT HEAVYWEIGHT DIVISION THAT WE WANTED. All right, he wasn't far off with that uppercut, Wardley. Lovely jab from Parker. Yeah, beautiful shot from Parker, but back comes Wardley almost when he was hurt up on the ropes. He looked very very dangerous. That's Wardley. And Parker's going to put that left hook after he throws that jab because Wardley changes body to the right where he throws that right hand and goes back with that right hand back over the top. If you throw a left hook, you'll just upset his rhythm. He has to square himself back up. Barry, both have committed so much already, haven't they, in four rounds? I've been mad this, haven't I? I mean, he's got one of them would have been on the floor by now. I'm not sure how that hasn't been a knockdown, but it's been absolutely fabulous to watch. As the weary warriors already go back to the corner. Next week, we're in Manchester. Joshua Buatsi, Zack Parker, light heavyweight division. The fights just keep coming week after week live on DAZN. But this is a special night, the heavyweights. And it's really engaging. &gt;&gt; I mean, when they let them all fly like this, you just cannot take your eyes off of it. Really really exciting stuff. Landing heavy shots on the back foot there, Wardley, and then back came Parker. See, Parker's got him where he wants him, or so it would seem. But that twisting of the body that Wardley does so well means that he can fire back off that. He twists his body all the weight onto that back leg, and then he rotates. He comes back with a powerful shot, and that puts you on notice. That puts you in You're always well aware. And I think Parker's just been tempted to throw a big punch of that. 257th round of Joe Parker's long career that goes back to July 2012. Fabio Wardley much much fresher, only the 83rd of his pro career, but Parker has done it all. Won a world championship. Everyone says he's on better form now, but Wardley looking to make a mockery of the fact he had four white-collar fights, and now he stands on the verge of something extraordinary. And it really is extraordinary. Incredible story. Carries the the lead hand low, doesn't he, Wardley? And he looks to to parry and block the shot with the right hand. The left hook's there, the left hook right hand for Parker. I quite like Wardley's speed tonight. Everyone thought he looked so light on the scales in comparison to Parker. That's better there from Parker, the double jab left hook. Organized, structured from Parker. When he does that, he looks a different level. &gt;&gt; He has to keep it simple, but he has I mean, it's easy to say it cuz you have against a guy who can punch so hard. But, commit to the attack. BODY SHOT FROM PARKER. That's bad. Yeah, but he goes through the gears. So good to watch. So dangerous. And he does it with such good variation. Doesn't just hit hard. Works the body. Then goes back upstairs. And also, stepping to the right eliminates that right hand. Doing that right hand counter to the when when Fabio turns his body. Just starting to get control of the ring, Joe Parker, with that jab. Maybe with the better pedigree. I'm not a fan of the little left hander from Parker. I like it with Fabio cuz it gives him the whip. And then the and then the emphasizes the sort of the right hand. But, for Parker, I think he needs to be more structured &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; from the chest. Well, exactly. But, when you look at the last fight as well and how he got rid of Huni, Fabio Wardley is that sharp then. Good jab from Parker. Parker, back comes Wardley with a right hand. Oh, sharp. This is bad though from the New Zealand man. That was good there from Parker. Didn't rush it over there then. When he could have, he took his time. How much is this taking out? Is it sapping the energy? Where are their levels in terms of resistance at this point? What you What you want Wardley tired. Wardley is better when he's tired. More dangerous when he's tired than when he's not. He had that absolute barn burner with Frazer Clarke here in that first fight. One of the best domestic heavyweight fights in years. And this uh brewing up into another really tasty affair. The draw with Frazer Clarke was invaluable. Knowing that you can do that. You go through those hellish moments in fights. I I can't tell you how much he would have learned from that, Wardley. Yeah, what he lacks in pedigree, he makes up for in courage. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; He's a real warrior, Fabio Wardley. He's taking too much time on his left hand there. Now, when [music] he tries to jab with his left hand there. He's taking too long. Going to be hard to time his left weight. Yeah? I thought Parker had a better round. Yeah, he did. More control. 10 seconds. Back in the fight there for from Joseph Parker. But, Ben Davison just reminding Fabio Wardley that you can do this. Be more active. Be busier. &gt;&gt; [bell] &gt;&gt; Round six. Another heavyweight battle at London's O2 Arena. If you need the identification, Fabio Wardley in the Ipswich blue and the white, yellow, and black of Joseph Parker. Two of the nicest guys in the sport, but tonight they're getting down to business. And it's enthralling. See, I don't think I know he's aware of what's coming back here, Parker. But, I don't think he can wait too long as he is now. So, wait a bit too long, the jabs keep for Parker. He can double it up. Punches thrown and landed. Not many. The difference. You don't want to be doing that from too far out there for Joseph Parker, you honestly You want to make sure you hit with that jab before you throw that right hand over the top. He's got to watch that as well. Sloppy jab to the body. See, I I think Fabio can feint. Wardley can feint with that left hook. Almost with the Almost with the feint to it. Fabio. Yeah. See, it's funny. I I I I see it on the flip side because of where that right hand is of Fabio. He looks to block the jab. So, if you feint, then come firing with the left hook. Let them both do it. See what happens. Looking at his corner, Fabio Wardley. Both trying to keep their shape. Center ring. WARDLEY WITH THE JAB. BACK COMES PARKER. DOUBLING UP WITH THE LEFT HAND. Fell from Joseph Parker. And Fabio Wardley just pushed into the neutral corner. Starting to get caught a little more, Wardley. Yeah, but he but he tied him up. He did the right thing though there, Wardley. He was tired. He got caught with A GOOD SHOT. HE soaked it up. He tied him up and turned him. Another Another box that he's ticking that he he can take a very good shot. We know he can deliver one. I think we've known that Justis Huni was out boxing him round after round. And this is boring. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice shot from Wardley with the uppercut. Back comes Parker. THEY'RE IN THEIR HANDS GOING AT THE END OF THE SIXTH ROUND. AND Parker's just got the more accuracy. Just the structure. Yeah. Hunting with that left hand, Joe Parker. Beginning to feel he's taking control of the fight. A little feint here from Parker. Draws that right hand of Wardley. Well, it's Greg Warren said it would be a terrific spectacle. Tyson Fury came down for it. His [music] mate, Joe Parker. In the lead now? It's a tight one, isn't it? I think he certainly won that round there, Joe Parker. I thought [music] he got his boxes together quite well there. But, but also, I was quite pleased with the way Wardley reacted when he got caught with a few shots. He didn't panic. [music] He tied him up and turned him. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Joe's move is entirely [music] family to Ireland. 10 seconds. Father of six. Fabio's got a young daughter as well. Family men and warriors. Second half of this one. Carl, who you got itching at the moment? Who's in the better shape? I I've got Parker four to one front, but it could easily be three all. It was a round that was hard to split. Um I I just feel like Joe's starting to come into it a little bit more. He's starting to use his jab a bit more. And Fabio's not that he's struggling with it, but it's been it's it's working for Joe. Fabio's just on the front foot here now, but but I think he's taking over now. What good work from Wardley here. Start of the seventh. He just backed him up with the body shot there, didn't he, Wardley? He did. And I THINK IT JUST HURT PARKER. If you see Wardley any anytime Parker has Wardley under a bit of pressure, he always gets off to the same side. Always leaning down to his right. As the fans' own scorecard agreeing with you, Carl. Parker a couple ahead. It could be level. Many rounds ahead of us. Is it going to go the full way? Didn't look like it after a couple. And no one predicted it before the fight either. He's trying to settle down here, Joe Parker. Back to his boxing. Execute the game plan. That's what he uh has been telling us all week. See, when you start to get tired, that fatigue sets in, you you lose that concentration. And in this division, you lose your concentration, you get caught with a big shot. And we know Wardley can punch at any time. Body shot again from the Ipswich man. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he can FOLLOW IT UP. GREAT HAND FROM PARKER. THAT WAS A GOOD SHOT. I've got to be honest, Wardley soaked that soaked that really well. He's going to chuck his chin. I know I think he was leaning back ever so slightly. Just taking a a bit of bit of the sting out of the right hand. Trying to detonate his own right hand. BOTH OF THEM SWINGING FROM THE HIP. Entertaining the fans. It's what we want to see. Yeah. Carl pointed it out a few rounds ago. He does look slightly tired out of the two, Wardley. And we talk about you know, what happens when you do start to fatigue and it's you you lose your shape. It's so important that you you stay switched on and you don't offer any openings to your opponent. Someone of the class of Parker. There's that right round the side back of the head. Chipping away. 42 knockouts between this pair. That was good for Parker there cuz Wardley was just looking for a little a rest, and Parker has seen that and jumped on him. Again, stabbing to the body, Wardley. Is Parker a tad more organized? Fascinating, this. It really is. Big fight night in London, big one in Riyadh, November the 22nd, ring four, arguably the best card of the year. Benavidez-Yildirim, Haney-Norman, Barrett- He's favorite Barrett-Rodriguez, and a sleeper on the card makes it a note. So, really like that one. Yeah, yeah, honestly, the card's fantastic. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So is this fight right now. It's brilliant. You're right there, Darren. You just You You're spot on there. He threw that right hand Parker, and Wardley just took the sting of it. Just rolled the shot really well. Yeah, how that could have been different if that was full purchase on the shot, cuz it was well timed, accurate, sharp. Corners, 10 seconds. You're the champ. You're the champ, says Paddy Donovan. Tyson Fury, Moses Itauma, Daniel Dubois, all in that front row, watching on in this exciting heavyweight landscape. Who is going to get the shot at Oleksandr Usyk? Joseph Parker into the eighth round. 40th fight in his long career, Fabio Wardley. It's his 21st, and remember, he's never tasted defeat. That's a lovely jab to the body. From Parker, sharp. He's caught the shot. That's the right hand, though. He was looking earlier to set that right hand up. He was fainting, trying to draw the lead out of Parker. I love the way he turns his body to the left, almost away from the the shot of Parker. He throws the same right hand all the time, Wardley, and why wouldn't you? It works almost every time he throws it. But if he I know Jim turn the shoulder sometimes, it puts it right down the middle. See how that works out for him. I spent a fair bit of time with Fabio Wardley in Ipswich, and he's very comfortable in his skin. He's uh He's really maturing into this boxing business. I mean, he played a bit of football. He was a recruitment consultant. He never thought he was going to do anything like this. It's all just a bonus, and he's learning and and surprising himself all the time. I mean, I mean, that story though, I think now all that's done, he believe He thinks he's the best. He believes he's the best now. He just said something to Parker in there as he misses with a one-two. Parker back with a right hand. And Wardley feels that Parker can't really hurt him. Tell you what he's done for the last minute or so, it it's worked well behind the jab. He's been very busy, sharp, not often many openings. There's the jab again from Wardley. The more solid technique maybe from Joe Parker, but good work from Wardley again. Yeah, nice fluency with that jab, and then nice snappy left hand. Wardley just misses by a whisker, but Ben Davison liked that in the corner. Taken Parker out of his rhythm. Well, the way he punches long there, Wardley, he's half a counter back. So, he can almost get away with having a go. Game jab to the body. It's been a good round this for Fabio Wardley. Yeah, he's pulled one back here, hasn't he, Wardley? Pretty much all because of that lead hand. Yeah, just nice boxing. Good rhythm from Wardley, and he looks confident here. Just out of sorts in that round, Joseph Parker. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; What a setting. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; We love the O2. We love the York Hall eight days ago, and the bagels afterwards in Brick Lane, but I'll tell you what, the O2 has dished up a real treat here. Barry Jones, who wins the fight? In this division, how can you say who's going to win the fight? Darren Barker, who is victorious here? You've got to sneak your work in. Right now, Parker's entering it, but you just cannot [music] switch off here. Carl Frampton, who wins this fight? Who wins it? I'm not sure. I do have Parker in front of him at the minute, but that was a great round from Fabio. He used his jab really well, and flicking it from that kind of hit position, but it's all to play for. I have Joe in front here, but Fabio was looking good. Isn't that what we want? No one really sure what happens next. Four rounds to go. Joseph Parker just trying to get himself back together after a poor eighth. Probably in front. Yeah, that's faint fast then that left hook. Then you can follow the right hand through for Joseph Parker. And I think he's got to try and keep busy behind his jab now. His output works. In round eight. Good work with the hooks. Great stuff from Parker. He's got the speed as well. Yeah, good speed and doubling, tripling up with that left hand. He needs more of that. But I don't know. Sorry, I also I also thought he was good feet as well there from from Wardley. I think he got He got caught with a few good shots, but he got on his toes, got himself out of trouble a little bit. Taking instruction from the corner mid-round, Fabio Wardley. Parker looking better in the ninth. Do you think Parker needs to eat just a little bit dizzy? Do you think he's coming in a bit heavy, Parker? Yeah, I seen the I seen the theory behind it, maybe, but yeah, maybe I mean, carrying a lot of weight. I mean, if he fights that he he's out of tire, he's going to have weight to carry about, it's going to be a problem, but I was surprised seeing him on the scales at 262, and he leads us brushed it off. That Good right hand from Fabio Wardley. Again, looking for that one-two. Parker gets caught WITH THAT SHOT. LEFT HOOK FROM WARDLEY. A minute to go in the ninth round, AND JOSEPH PARKER IS FIGHTING THE HOOKS HERE FROM FABIO WARDLEY, BUT REMEMBER, Wardley will be dangerous with his BACK TO THE WALL. He's most dangerous when he's hurt. A lovely jab there from Parker. Beautiful work in this round from Joseph Parker. I'll tell you what, his powers of recovery, Fabio Wardley, is incredible. Heavyweight Nigel Benn, isn't he? What incredible training, conditioning, courage with these heavyweights. How has there not been a knockdown? Oh, lovely there from Parker again. He's reading that head movement in on Fabio Wardley. Oh, he caught this in here. Darren, I think if Joe brings that left, he's going to catch a right hand, and just continue to throw left. Body shots back from Wardley in a terrific ninth round HERE AT THE O2. PARKER HAS WARDLEY HURT, BUT WARDLEY FINISHING STRONG. What a cracking three minutes. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Whatever happens, Fabio Wardley has proved his worth tonight. [music] Yeah, and some. He really has. It's brilliant work. Just at times they just smothered his work a little bit, Parker, but you've got to give Fabio Wardley so much credit there. Oh, look at that. He's doing the right thing though, Parker, cuz he [music] He hit He hit him with a good shot. He took that step to the right to take away the right hand of Wardley, but he got too close, and then threw over the top of his head, and just missed out. So, wasted his energy. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Boxing better now, Joseph Parker. Carl, but it's still seesawing. Yeah, look, there's a few rounds that are close, and you can make an argument for both guys getting that. I I do have Joe in front, but I'm liking what I'm seeing from from Fabio, and like the boys have said, his powers of recovery are incredible. And looked like Joe at the end of that round needed to take a bit of a rest. So, Fabio's certainly in this fight. Three ahead on uh Carl's unofficial card with three judges at ringside should it go 12. I mean, who'd have thought that after two, three, four rounds? Both have been hurt at various times. Parker just keeping himself together. And some. Three rounds ahead for Parker. This the round that Fabio Wardley found that shot from the end switch guns to land just as heavily and this TIME JOE PARKER FINDS MAYBE a weapon that comes home. JUST LOOKS STUNNED THERE momentarily Wardley. Even that shot that that made him stand up straight. And then he come with the left to the right. HERE COMES JOE PARKER. Trying to finish the job. He he said he's he's really starting to breathe finally by Fabio Wardley moving to his right hand side. It's clever stuff from Parker. BUT WARDLEY WILL STILL believe that one shot can change it. &gt;&gt; Uh until the very last second he'll believe that. The problem is though Parker needs a rest. He's landing with the shots. He's he's winning the round but he's the one who who needs a rest just as much as Wardley. That's a lovely jab. That quality there from Joe Parker just has that engine, experience, and pedigree. Boxing well now. Do you know what I think has been the difference the last few rounds but but not the last one the one before that and this round for for Parker is he's hooking up the jab more than he was. And that's as I say he's trying to catch it isn't he with the right hand of Joe Wardley and it just opens up that right hand side for the left hook. OH GOOD SHOT THERE. COUNTERING PARKER BACK TO THE RIGHT NOW. Look at the way he's taking these shots. What a change Joe Parker and Fabio Wardley. How has he NOT GONE DOWN? AND IT'S HIT CROWD. PARKER BACK TO WARDLEY. HE'S COME ON THEN LET'S HAVE IT. THIS IS CLASS. OH BUT HERE HE COMES. FABIO WARDLEY NOW WITH THAT JAB. PARKER TAKES IT. Stunning stuff end of the 10th round. PARKER TAKES IT. 2 SECONDS LEFT. END OF THE ROUND AND NOW IT'S WARDLEY WHO HAS PARKER ROCKING AND ROLLING. OH MY WORD THIS IS SENSATIONAL. BOTH GOING TO COME AND SO IS JOE PARKER. WOW. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; WOW. HEAVYWEIGHT BOXING. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; INCREDIBLE. Joe Parker just sat down on the stool and smiled. I mean come on. Parker &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Parker had a great chin. Wardley should be asleep. I'm not joking. Why he &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; how is he awake after some of the shots he took there? He just showed them off like they were nothing. It was unbelievable. And then to come back after that and finish it off the way he did is nothing short of extraordinary. And that's the thing it's the way he fires back. You think he's spent. [music] You think he's gone. YOU THINK HE'S COMPLETELY damaged and he just fires back. I thought the 10th round of the Holyfield first fight was the best I've ever seen at heavyweight. I'll tell you what it might not be as good as that but that 10th round THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT. NOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT? LAST 6 MINUTES. WHO WINS THIS FIGHT CARL FROCH? I'VE no idea boys. I really don't. I mean Fabio Fabio Wardley we talked about chins a few weeks ago when we seen Deontay Wilder but I mean that that guy's chin is is unbelievable. Cut Parker's cut Carl as well. Inside the inside the left eye as well I think. STILL WARDLEY LOOKS PERFECTLY FRESH. HE'S BEING OUTBOXED THEY'RE really but he's getting to him now. Yeah they're they're really waving him on Fabio Wardley. Be Davison be Wiley. Be active. Be busy. I mean they must be knocking out Parker though. Joe Joyce watching on at ringside and this IS WHERE HE GOT TO JOE PARKER RIGHT AT THE END OF THAT FIGHT. Can Fabio Wardley do the same? That's bothering him that cut. Yeah it doesn't look like much but it's it's annoying him isn't it? Yeah it's in the inside isn't it? It's going into the eye. Too late to worry about that. Oh does it? COME ON THEN. AND THIS COULD BE CURTAINS FOR JOE PARKER. RIGHT AFTER IT. HE SWINGS A LEFT HAND BUT WARDLEY'S RECOVERING. PARKER'S IN DANGER OF BEING STOPPED HERE. IT'LL BE ANOTHER ROUND AND JOE FABIO WARDLEY THIS IS THE OPPORTUNITY OF HIS LIFE. HE'S got to hold. HE'S GOT TO GRAB HOLD OF FABIO WARDLEY. WARDLEY'S GOING TO SLOW DOWN HERE. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; PICK YOUR SHOTS. YOU'VE GOT HIM GOING IN HERE. NOTHING BACK FROM PARKER. HOWARD FOSTER'S GOING to step IN ANY SECOND. HE GETS ONE HOOK UP. BUT WARDLEY NOW IT'S OVER. FABIO WARDLEY &gt;&gt; [screaming and cheering] &gt;&gt; WITH A SEISMIC SHOT IN ONE of the great heavyweight [cheering] battles you will see. That is extraordinary and incredibly savage grueling affair and Fabio Wardley remains undefeated and somehow has the opportunity of challenging for the undisputed heavyweight championship of the world. Wow. I'm going to sleep later. That's too much for me. I took I'm too old. I can't that's too much excitement. Physically shattering even watching that. I It was unbelievable. What a fight. What a night. Thomas will make it official. The win of Fabio Wardley's 8 year professional journey. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; LADIES AND GENTLEMEN HERE IS THE OFFICIAL TIME. 1 minute 54 seconds of round number 11. Our referee in charge Howard Foster steps in to stop the contest. Therefore your winner by way of technical knockout STILL UNDEFEATED AND NEW WBO INTERIM HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; FABIO WARDLEY.