Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for 12 rounds and it'll be for the WBC International and Bacon EVU European Super Lightweight Championships brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, 32 Red, That Prize Guy, Global Next Trade, Uni Bet, Flex Mise Business Loans, and Vow Nutrition. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge Ben Harmsworth along with the World Boxing Council President Modicio Sullean, WBC and EBU supervisor Dennis Gil Martin, timekeeper Brett BS. Our three judges assigned all from England will be Lee Every, Mark L, and Kieran McCann. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be Mark Bates of [Music] [Applause] England. Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes in the ring in blue, white, and gold and weighed in officially at 139.8 lb. coming to us from London, England. He brings a professional record consisting of 15 wins, two defeats, one draw with three wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former British, English, and Southern Area Champion and current Commonwealth Silver Lightweight Champion, Le and his opponent across the ring. He is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing white with green and weighed in officially at 139.5 lbs. Hailing from Dublin, Ireland, he is undefeated with 16 wins. Nine of his 16 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending WBC International Super Lightweight Champion, Pierce Big [Applause] Al. Keep the pushes up. They might communic 12 year career that has progressed really well for Ireland's Pierce Olyri and the 19th outing for the slightly older but more seasoned and maybe extra battleh hardened Englishman Liam Dylan. both with a chance to take home the terrific European title tonight and we hope for a crackling matchup. It's a chief support on this special night in Suffukk. The blue and white of Dylan, the white and green of the hope from Ireland, the 25year-old Pierce Oir who could become Barry a big star. He could. It's all written for him now to produce the goods. He's a good guy here against against Dylan. He also wants Dylan's toughness, but he's better than what he's really given credit for. Chopping right hand early from Ori. And a smile there from Dylan who's been in wars before. And he's tough and he's gay, but he's up in weight, Darren. Yeah, I'll tell you what, he doesn't look small in there, but obviously looking the bigger out of the two, the naturally bigger. Dylan, he is a handful. There was a smile there. You're right. That usually does indicate that you've been hurt by the shot. I just worried that, you know, he he's very eager, Dylan, to get involved and get in your face. And that would really play into Pierce Ori's hands. You know, he's got to be smart. He's got to be intelligent, Dylan. He can't rush in. He can't waste anything. Shots like those are very important. Work the the straight shots to the body. What has that all good fighters have is that acceleration of pace. We talk about it all the time. It's truth. All of a sudden you can see a gap and he'll get there very very quickly with a combination or a single god of weight. He'll see it and he'll accelerate into the work very quickly and everything set up behind that lovely jab. Gets the uppercut in early as well. Powerful nine knockouts on the record. Good body shot. It's a good start this from Pier Ori. Yeah, what he does so well as well, it's really subtle the way he just glides out of range, but as he takes the step back, he'll throw the left hook. So, so important that Dylan doesn't overreach with that right hand, you're vulnerable to the left hook. I tell you what, that and those lean back left hook, whatever you want to call it. It's like you go like an anchor, don't you? So, you get all the leverage, all the weight of your body into that shot. Huge shoulders as well. He's an imposing sight. Pierce Dylan the British champion down a super featherweight coming up to lightweight. That win over Mace Ruer. Tough battle down in Bournemouth, but he did it in away territory and he's come here very much in the red corner. AI, the favorite, the one the promoters want to get behind and sells the tickets. But Dylan as ch as old boots. He's never been stopped. He's got 15 wins on the record and he'll go for it. That was a good shot from Dylan. Left hook of his own there to finish this first round. [Applause] [Music] Listen to me. He has not shooting his energy. Okay, he's giving you these angles already. The right hand down when he's leaving. to get everything. Yeah, fast start from OI picking the shots well. Dylan though wasn't over. Landed some good shots of his own. That was the one that got the rare smile from Dylan. Second round European 10 stone belt on the line. Pier and Liam Dylan's 25 Dylan four years older to town more professional experience maybe down the weights getting lot of encouragement from his corner Liam Dylan I guess once he settles and gets into this maybe he'll really believe that it can make a big impact in the super lightweight division but all eyes on how he goes about this task because the European title is a step up and it's his biggest yet. Lovely body shot. He's had a few good shots now and again see that especially with that left hook. He just just got to try and learn to move that head a little bit more. That's all. They're just not having any effect, are they? Not the same as when Oiri lands. Got that difference in power. The punch should be super into the shot. I mean, you start moving that body and just need that tension motion. It'll give you some sort of momentum to get a bit more turn and speed in the shot. at the minute just on the hand blocking shot but too easy attack the find there for he started doubling that left hook up really well he tapped upstairs and he'll drop the left to the body changes the levels really well well scored isn't he know a lot of everything he does well back on the [Applause] jin He should have cleared that with more shots, but a good right hand from moment of hope for him. But he brings up speed, doesn't he? Up in weight. That's good for Dylan combination there. He's tough as old boots. He's a really hard warrior. Liam Dylan, that was good there. He landed three shots. He took a step back and kept his hands high. Larry has to do is just know a bit of bit of patience in his work cuz you got a guy here who's okay he might be naturally smaller but he's tough and he absorbs punches very very well so you got to you might not knock him out so you got to break him down and that'll be variation down working that body if you can trying to trying to move around the target after you rather than step back there between the warming up body shot in You definitely feel that ringside. He's got that power advantage in there. That could be a problem for Liam. Just dropped his hand for a second there. And that was a sickening right to the body and a lift just on the top of his head as well. Temple shot. He's climbing from his heart, but he's good. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] a lovely right hand there from Dylan. That was that exchange earlier where nearly threw the most punches. That's a good body shot there from just a bit more weight, a bit more effective than his punches. He's straight out of the red corner. Liam Dylan and back into battle. his corner pleased with him saying that Olir is a bit plotting and that he can outspeed him in there and maybe that's what the former super featherweight and lightweight is going to try and do raing tactics stalking him by that solid jab fighting for the European title vacated by Dalton Smith who is mandatory of course for the WBC lovely left hand in this fabulous division D Smith and J some good shots here in reply. It was a nice left body, but he just had his right hand carried a little earlier and he just did that exactly what he's done again there. Just throw the left hook. He's really turning into the shot. taking his body wide over to that right hand side to avoid the shot coming back. He's trying to intensify his work, but he's getting a little too close to land. He's taking the chances when he's when he's given the opportunity and landing some good shots of his own here. He really is. I love his ambition here from the body. There is another so much higher but he's doing the wrong thing. He doesn't need to be traded. He's been caught flush left which he took so well but he's looking dangerous and there's a different look Barry on Liam Dylan's face now. This is where you know even though he's got to keep the pressure really I think that confidence that he had just a minute or so ago has been dangerous over that foot over the head and get him a bit lower so you can throw that up through the middle. I think he's still hurt. Dylan, body shot right down from there. Just over 30 seconds left and I think he needs to get back to his corner. But just regroup here, Liam. Dylan, he's under serious pressure. Yeah. And you know what, Adam? Is educating pressure. He's not rushing anything. He's not being reckless. He's just turning the screw ever so slightly with the singles and the double, but there's more of them. just can't finish it off. Body shot as well from Pier. Big breakthrough round for Big Bang here. The Irish hope Liam Dylan being outgusto and outsmarted as well in a very Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Well, there was still success from Dylan and some good shots showing that he's got good variation. The right creeping through generally it was the one. There's that left but he to show what a great chin he's got. Look at that. The right hand low right on the side. You see the grimace on the face of the big round into the fourth round. Undefeated Pierce Li turned over in October 2019. The hope from Dublin and wanting to put the European title in this title piece in this super lightweight division for the light welterweight division. 20 years since Ricky Hatton be cost you in one of the biggest moments for British boxing in the modern generation celebrated earlier this week. What a night that was fantastic. I'm just looking at the celebration throwing here. You just got to make sure when he throws a left that right hand stays high. You've seen already it's the left that he's favoring. Very dangerous with the shot. Sharp and powerful. comes the the front hit right through that shot. So that right hand got lovely right hand from Dylan. That was a cute right from Dylan and the speed just trouble. That's the second right hand down in this round and I have to say in that previous round he got caught with a good left foot but I think I think we exaggerated though. I don't think he was in that much danger in that last round because the way he sets up and he sort of leans over to the side and he's always lost all of he's making it. We'll ask him afterwards from the D. He is a warrior very very strong and difficult to to punch at times. That's what Mace Rue found in Bournemouth. Didn't have the power really. But Pier is a different animal. And again, let's go back to think about just bit of patience for he's doing a good job. Don't get carried away. Don't get too close and allow into the fight. Maintain that distance. Punch long and step in when you think he's covered up. You don't get to really let your punches go in a safe place. Just thinking it's such a great division the next two or three years. the super lightweight. So many big fights to make as he lands another left hook to the body. Wonderful, isn't it? Class top class. It really is. So many big names in there. So greatly straight right now is the exit afterwards. He's just walking through this. Not really. Let's change it up a little bit in the beginning. I think there was quite a roll in the punches. Interesting round. Let's get over to Dev who has Eddie her. Okay, we're in the [Music] dress and all number W [Music] number. This is a really good I say [Music] rac shooter. Great to hear from him as always. Matron's boss Eddie Hearn choosing to be here and not with Gaya which is interesting. He's done a fair bit of traveling there isn't he? He can paint here with justice here. He can bring the surprise as Liam Dylan trying to spring the surprise of PS in those fast hands and the rain. It's a good fight. It is a good fight. I thought that was a good response from Dylan in that full start. Well, having said that though some big shots we've already seen a smile again from Dylan after a right hand l from I think is going to change the tempo and he continues to change the tempo fast and then speed up again cuz you get used to the weight of the shot. I think the D but he is so cheap tough. I think he's almost it might he might get caught with a great shot over the body shot you would suspect but I think he's took enough now to just see the shot and just brace for it. Upper cut from Dylan in and out just missing with his jam. Not quite as accurate in this round. That was better though. He was getting a bit lazy with that lead hand positioning and that's what's allowed Dylan to to land so many right hands over the top. Needs to be sharp. Catch it then fire back with the right hand. Intense action in the fourth and fifth round of body shot. He's hunting that area is if he can skip around the side there and he'll just spin around to his right. Open up the whole body with that left footing body shots though. But again, are they having any real effect? And that might be the case that you could give Ro getting caught with some needless shots. Is he not respecting that power at all? Just got caught with a hook around the back of the ear and some blood there for Liam Dylan and some from the nose too. Starting to find his range again back end of this round. Fair bit of pressure as well though from making Dylan move a fair bit in this round. Making it work, making it work. That was good from D. Just a second ago, he rolled into the left hook. Just show a little bit of lack of he needed from the offset. Just the pressure left. Just feeling a couple of times in this fight with those bumping hooks especially to the body. He he really gets going Adam once he's had a look at you and he feels he's got you where you want chat he really gets to work and I feel we're seeing it a little bit certainly with pressure still boxing nicely Dylan in patches landing some good right hand but the pressure really evident from Orier walk back to the red corner for Liam Dylan fantastic So there's only going to come forward. So you're too strong. Okay. Don't try for the one home run. Okay. You've heard him numerous times there. And then you're walking and just walking. Don't be walking at him. Set them afraid. Keep mentally training. Keep squeezing them and squeezing just punches together. cracking atmosphere here in Switch. I tell you what, yet another stadium show, Darren. We absolutely love it. Sometimes it's scorching hot. Sometimes the rain's piling down. We don't care. There's something special about a stadium. Sometimes you got to put your big coat on, Adam, but yeah, we we love them. We have put our coat on, but we're heating up me and you and so is the atmosphere here. Car's got his throat on as well down the far side. We bring you in Carl. What What are you thinking here? I I have well in front last two rounds I think that Dylan is is keeping his kind of competitive enough but he's not winning them. Um he's given a decent account of himself, especially considering he's jumping up two weights. But I think one of his issues is he leans really far over his front foot. And I mean the the uppercuts there to be landed. There's gaps around the the body for for Pier to go to the body. He he's landed some straight shots down there by well, but I think it's a good performance so far. I can't imagine he's just starting to turn the screw here. You're turning the screw and he he does it, doesn't he? As he moves through a fight, he's clever like that. Yeah, he's very smart. He's he's a smart someone I've been impressed with um right throughout his his whole career and I think he can see improvement with each and every fight. Although, you know, we we expect him to win this fight. Um, he he's he's looking okay. He's looking good perhap about about leaving that front foot and he's right cuz it's not just the uppercut. When you lean over with the front foot, it brings those elbows forward and exposes your whole body as well. So you know the fact that he takes a good shot he's lucky because he didn't know this fight would have been quite early but I think he's having some good shots and I think we've given him enough credit for some of his work here but as car said he's not winning the wrong he's competitive so the tough game the lack of power to really try and stop in this train that's another sickening right to the body. Yeah, it just took a bit of Liam Dylan. These body shots might just take their toll as the rounds take on. A long way to go yet. And Dylan up in weight and might start to feel these. So tough. He really is so tough. I think it's more than just the shot. It's this presence of of that's him. He's constantly on him. He's a big shadow, but he's a naturally bigger guy. I just think that that that you defically maybe you tend to really react as much as you would maybe you're right about his toughness the loss to Ree Botti being he's been there hasn't he even not at this weight he's proven himself former British champion. Yeah when he beat Kasp back that was an emotional night. It really was. It was a a tearful night for him at the end. A lot has gone on in the life of Dylan and that meant the world to him winning that title as I say so tough and I say his skill very much underrated as well. You see, he's done some really good work, but it's just the natural size, the speed and that presence, the the physical power of [Music] Orio Warley, of course in blue and white. ATFC. There is no doubt about the homecoming of the Gladiator. Outfit being [Applause] prepared at last moments for Justice before he's come a long way. Darren and I saw him a few weeks ago here on the pitch at Port. It's a sunny day, wasn't it? Then what happened? But I tell you what, this man, he's got a lot of confidence in his ability and rightly so. He's a very, very good fighter, wellrounded, but this this is his big asset test. This is his moment as a professional to show how good he is. I wonder whether go through the mind of he knows he's going to have a war every time he fights cuz that's the only way he can win. Oh, you set yourself up for that. He didn't have a war with Fraser Clark last time. He just knocked him out. He was he was heading towards a war. He knows that's what he has to do. Well, he's got the power, Barry. Yeah, but I mean, nobody knows like he has to. That's the only way he can win. It's going right through you. Oh, just shut yourself up. I think every fight can potentially be a hardest night. Yeah. And I think I think it's a good thing as well knowing that you expect it. Then it's surprising you. You know, you know it's there. You know you're going to have to go there. And if it doesn't, like the phrase part last time, then then there's a bonus. If you're put mentally, mentally and physically, then I'll tell you what, it really really is a leg up. Very very dedicated fighter Fabio Warney. So these two Peri Liam Dylan giving us a good order. Lovely chief support into the second half. European title on the line. Dylan giving a good account of himself up in weight has caught Ori frequently but the solid and more compact and pressure and all round strength I think of Piereri are probably catching the eyes of the judges he's surely winning these rounds. Yeah, I think so. And I think he's been quite structured with his work. He's not taking any serious risks for the most part and the constant pressure with the feet has been quite impressive. I think he's been a really mature display here for lately. He hasn't gone too gung-ho trying to overimpress. It's a big title to win. He's just thinking let's win it sensibly. Don't think any mistakes and for the most part he's done that. He's still in his mistakes, but ultimately he's been sort of dictating the pace and taking the show here. If he wins this P area, he'll become the 16th Irishman to take a European title. First one was Bernardon beating the excellent Asian Pickering. What a wonderful fighter he was. Brown Sugar from Newick and Bernard Don Ireland as well. Ori in the heat of battle here with a really gutsy Liam Dylan landed a few left to the body there good shot around the elbow the right elbow Dylan that right hand get himself but his hand is the way his sort of posture the way he leans over when he gets hit with the body you'd assume that he's been hurt but he's like that all the time like there. Oh, look at him. I think it might be the accumulation here that he's looking for. But Dylan is one tough guy. Stand by for a huge kickboxing night live on the [Applause] zone. Right now, very much the home of combat sports top to bottom. We've got the lock kickboxing of Misfits. Are you coming back for Misfits, Darren Mark? I think so. I don't think it will allow me or my wife or mother. Yeah, the body's not being picked up. Barry Jones and your ability. You almost sell yourself down. Let's get on with this one. Pier and Liam Dylan European title on the line and it's a prestigious belt. It's one you want to get your hands on. You see me up there. I got two. I got two of these. I did it on purpose. Barry got one. I don't know why you ask. Two former world champions alongside me. I wonder if Pier Liri can become one for Ireland one day. Liam Dylan, former British champion. These are good fighters, top level. Dylan just got so much against him with the slight lack of punch power in weight. I love the fact he's taken this opportunity though. Yeah. And again, look at the body shots landing from that last seven round six shots in favor of Ori. And there's the there's an awful lot to like a very good fight. I think look if he goes on and wins this fight which you kind of expect that's a lovely left work from I think he'll be annoyed with some of the shots I'm not going to take anything away from but yeah some needless shots I feel if I was to be picky I wonder what was meant to fight tonight of course they're all so talented and some great fights lie ahead for Pierce Dylan if he stays at this weight and the referee that's a good call. I mean the Raspberry Pant great fighters style as a go they just ahead he the minute so just it's okay to win Europeans are defending once or twice there's nothing wrong with that you just get your grounded for where you are before you move up I mean D looks like he's an arrow of power for a world title so shot yeah certainly a shot he's got the shot like Barry said as well. Just keep knocking on the door. Keep knocking on the door. Yeah, but lovely shot. He's poker face as well. So, little bit of marking up over the left eye, but he just keeps harassing you. Whipping in the car, the right hand too deep into the eighth round. Liam Dylan has done a lot of work, a lot of movement, the raining tactics, but it must be so frustrating that he can't make a dent on a well approach cuz he hasn't gone, like I said, no, the tag is there to be hit. I don't think Dylan's hard the fight. So could have just gone crazy trying to get him out there to over impress. And then at this point in the fight, he's exhausted. But I think he's been quite deserved and mature about his performance. That's not a bad thing. control. You have to pace yourself if you're not if you're not a Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Well, Pier has sort of been set for stardom in Ireland. But Liam Dylan, I mean, he was hoping to win a southern area belt when he turned over, but he's now fighting for a European title. A former British champion, only Reese Bogi and Ryan Garner, who eated an absolute domestic cracker in Bora. That's a fantastic fight. Only they have beaten Dylan. He's done really well here. But Cole, you've got Pier way in front. Yeah, get Dylan the last round. Um I thought that it was quite a cool. I just thought that some of the better shots were gone from Dylan, but I have winning everything else up until that point. But excuse me, he looks really in control here. But Dylan, I mean, as brave as they come and we we talked about it all night. So so tough. I can count I mean at least 20 times it look struggling here, boys. I can count at least 20 times he's been hurt to the body, but he kind of rides it. It hurts him. You can see a a reaction in his face. Three or 4 seconds there, he's okay. And he's going back again. So So tough. I love listening to you, but it looks like you're hurting. So I'm going to go back to Barry for a second half. No substitute. I look I think though he is he wasn't so tough. I think I think this would be an earlier night. But again I go back I think his approach has been sensible. I think I think because he knows against a guy who can absorb that power and still fire back. They're really encouraging Liam Dylan all the way through his team and he's kept right on his feet digging in the shot again and they're really asking him to move his feet in there. Stay away from it. He's got a very very good beautiful body shot. It's a really good effort from the Londoner but just proving too much double left. Classy, so accurate, so sharp, so hurtful. Just soaks out Barry, doesn't he? Well, he gets the he gets that natural angle, doesn't He takes that right shoulder almost over his front knee. Get that real turn that left into the body. What a ch he's got. What resistance he showing part of the line. He really has tough. I tell you what though, every rival of a lady will say you couldn't get a super. They'll say that you couldn't get a super feather out. I mean they won't know how well it is, of course, but they probably couldn't do it either. But that'll be the the question they ask. Heat. Heat. Heat. Although in charge and so they should be Liam Dylan putting in a tremendous effort might not be winning this might not lift the European title at the end of it but he can be proud of the nine rounds so far. Absolutely. Yeah, Adam, look, your stock can rise through defeat. And look, he is losing the fight, but his impact has shown us what a good fighter he is. But throughout this contest already for nine rounds, he's shown us he's so so tough, so durable, and will make plenty of other fighters work extremely hard. And especially if he if can be a division that he can get to, which I'm sure he can impact that toughness and then the size will be such a disadvantage to him. [Applause] because he's so good on the eye. Pier lovely to watch. Always in entertaining fights and Liam Dylan providing great opposition here tonight. He's got a lovely natural turn, hasn't he? When he throws his hooks and body shot just a natural easy turn with the shoulders. That's the footwork you're talking about. Go the other way though, I would say. [Applause] opportunity to throw the left to the body there. He missed with the right, but he was in the position to really sling that left into the body. This could work though. The variation is really making it difficult for Dylan to to defend finding the gaps especially to the body under the elbows. Pier late on in this European title fight. Can he have any impact? He grits his teeth. baits on the gum shield there. Liam Dylan, he's got to be feeling some of these bar. You've been nailed on that he's hurt by the last shots and he just fires back here to take it up on himself. It's extraordinary from Liam and the courage and the prowess really that he has in the ring. Poi just continues to tee off on him. It's been bought at a real pace this. Yeah, it has. And look, he's such great value for money as well. I'm going to give Dylan props here. You know, he's he's really having a go, isn't he? Look, he's second best. He's in there with such a classy operator, a naturally bigger man, quicker, heavy hitter, physically strong, but he's in there. He's having a go constantly throughout every round. Another lovely look and a big fat war. All the queens will be looking at Liam saying you play your part in the sun. You've done a great job. We're going to have you back. We'll never have you back. Good job. Very much under control. ahead of the cars. He must [Applause] [Music] be again as we've been saying showing his toughness but the variation is so eye catching has been so impressive the work to the body. He's not headed at all as he I mean he's just kept working the level constantly making Dylan unsure where the shots are coming a smile from Dylan there work. Not only have we got the FIFA Club World Cup starting on June the 14th, we also have Richardson Hitchens defending his IBF Super Lightweight title against the former unified lightweight champion George Camos Jr. Great boxing from Madison Square Garden next week. What is it about the Australians at the moment? Will Justice Hoodie provide another big night for them 20 years after Kosu was stopped in his efforts against Ricky Hatton in this super lightweight division formally like Walter of course 6 minutes remain European belt on the line a mile ahead of Liam Dylan in terms of points scoring shots but in terms of bravery commitment spirit warriors hearts Liam Dylan take a bow. I think in the corner I think they were saying that he had problem with his left hand there. That's affected a bit of the weighting that he's having to throw with that punch. [Music] Keep an eye on it. Maybe punishing with the jam. The bridge has got to see this out now. Yeah, absolutely. That that might be good. He walked on to that earlier. I mean open a few giants tonight. Yeah, he has been he goes back and watches this which I'm sure he will. That's the only thing he'll be annoyed about. You know some of the shots that needless shots that he's taken. I don't want to dis you know he's box smart at times. That's great footwork. It really is. just went a little bit wide with a skip to the left, but again, this is good pressure from [Applause] [Music] still so light on those in and out and fit as well. Because the footwork hasn't gone all the time even not working just presence always in front of him. Both of these are going to shoot them tonight and so you should with a European belt on the line for a big stadium show. Opportunity knocking and they're both taking it away. But it's been really well. He's won almost everything. Fantastic. I think but I think the fight but there's going to be questions. I think that's just how how box is you a little bit quicker all those sort of things. like that process very Right hand shot again with that right hand back. You can change your life, son. Look at Leah Dylan trying to get the crowd rally. He's put in a phenomenal shift over 11 rounds. How many rounds has he won though on the judges cards? We don't know. But the feeling is that Pier Ori must be in a very handy lead. As we go into the last round, we can see how Carl is seeing it. How's the voice? It's better now. I had a drink of water there. So, I'm very candy sort of. So, I'm all good. But I I think that is well in front. I I've given Dylan one round. Um and even that round it was close enough so that may may have won it, but I just I like I like the toughness from Dylan. I mean, he's been hit. Look, there's another left just lands. No real reaction. Um the body shots as well that been throwing have been incredible. um extremely extremely tough but I think Pearson has looked good here. Bar's mentioned it and and I think it's going to be right. People are going to say now he can get rid of a of a a super there's going to be questions asked but that may be a blessing in disguise because it'll be easier people will will want to take the fight I think because of that. So um he's looked good tonight I think Joe was incredible as well. There's not one mark on the face of Liam Deon. Do you think it'll be hurting tomorrow? I don't I don't I don't like it. I think some people just feel different. Doesn't get hurt. Maybe you could just try again tomorrow, Liam Dylan. But yeah, you're right. People will question whether he could have got rid of him. But Dylan has never been stopped even though he's coming up in weight. that he's being good to his word, that it was an opportunity very very worth taking. And and we said earlier in the contest and D mentioned again later on about you know his skills are underrated. He's not like a classically beautiful boxer but he can find the angle of the land with the shot and it's not just the toughness and toughness helps but you know he brings that right hand over with conviction and bit of speed and he will fire back under pressure. So, you know, he's a hard man to to get hold of and I do think I think we can I think it's been a decent display here for winning the European title. A big big milestone in anyone's career. Certainly Ders inside the last minute of this one. Pier finishing strongly. He spots well. Dylan has tried everything he can, but that lack of power and the lack of the natural size has been a hindrance. everything else. He's been tip top. He's been brilliant. And he'll get a huge ovation. And I'm sure Frank and everyone at Queensbury will be saying to Liam Dylan after this, you've done yourself proud. Pier Ori should be crowned European super lightweight champion in a few minutes time. Three judges at ringside. It will go down to it. Ori can't stop him, but he's boxed well and he deserves to be the European champion. Well done. The peril Dylan terrific performance, but the class, the size, maybe the experience as well. And this man is being held on off. Pier, entertaining, exciting. Let's go to Dublin. Yeah, it was a good performance, wasn't it? Look, I I'm sure he would have won in the stop, but that's a valuable 12 rounds against a former British champion, albeit stepping up a couple of weights. They they hold you in goodstead, you know, under these Brian lights, a big occasion. He's got the job done and he looked good in doing so, Barry. Yeah, I think so. In stages, he looked fantastic, but what was intentionally, it was just his whole approach to it. He knew very early in that contest that he wasn't going to get rid of Dylan cuz he got his cheap truck and it sounds by by making a group shot and not and then not doing anything. So he used a pragmatic approach didn't make any silly mistakes and I know he was sensible both getting real respectation applause from Frank and Le see that not just but near Gillan as well. That's terrific. Mo Victor via Dylan tonight, but European championship should be Pier. Well, everything we have on the zone, Jake Paul is back against Julio Ces Chavez shooting the 28th. The date for your diaries were in Gway earlier that night as well with Kieran Mallaloy. So both sides of the pond on the zone. The problem charm returns. So do Zo Ramirez. It's just nonstop live on the zone. And these two were non-stop for 12 rounds. Liam Dylan. Tremendous effort for the European title. Will surely come up short. It will surely be wide. Pier should remain unbeaten and should have the European title to his showcase. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Mark L scores it 116 to 112. Judge Kieran McCann scores it 115 to 113 and Judge Lee Every scores it 117 to 112. All in favor of your winner by unanimous decision. And now both WBC International and EVU European super lightweight champion [Music] Pierce unanimous by 54 by two. a little closer maybe than the ringside uh cards unofficially, but maybe that's good for Liam Dylan. He deserved something out of tonight. Well done to Liam. But Peri is the European super lightweight champion. He's undefeated in 17. [Applause]