Kind: captions Language: en Adam Hammed, how are you, sir? &gt;&gt; Good, thank you, mate. &gt;&gt; How how is your uh how is your life? How's everything going with you? &gt;&gt; My life's great, alhamdulillah. You know what I'm saying? Uh I can't complain. Um been grafting up in Manchester now for over a year. Got the best team in the world behind me and uh we're looking to do big things Saturday night. &gt;&gt; You're you're 5-0 now, so this is fight number six in your career. How do you reflect on the first five? &gt;&gt; I think every fight we've got better. Um, I think my last performance was good in Saudi. I've been I've been lucky enough to fight all over the world really. My first fight was on the the first show. So, this is like this is like the second coming, you know what I mean? It feels amazing to be on this one. I feel like it's just it's repeating itself. History repeating itself, but it's it's bigger and better and it's in my country, so I'm looking forward to it. Can you see the improvements and are you getting the feedback in the gym that oh you did this really well in your fourth fight and every fight you're doing better and better. Can you feel that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, even personally without getting told I feel like I'm getting better by the day. And just being in the gym with the likes of, you know, Jack Catrol and and Connor Walker and some good kids, it does make you uh soak it up and learn every day. And um and obviously Jamie's letting me know what I'm doing right and doing wrong. And each day I'm taking that back home and I'm improving and learning. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. You made your debut as you said on the undercard of Usyk versus Dubois one. Now two years later it's fight number six for you. How different are you not just as a fighter but as a as a young man compared to two years ago? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel a hell of a lot different as a man. I feel like I filled out. I feel like I've uh got a bit more confidence behind me even though I was confident walking into the first fight. &gt;&gt; So who confident? You were dancing. Yeah, I was having a little a little groove and that, but that's in the blood, I guess. So, I'm very very confident and coming into this fight, I'm the most confident I've been just just off of what's been happening in the gym and sparring and training. I just feel like I've grown definitely as a boxer and definitely as a man. &gt;&gt; What I keep hearing about is your graft and how your graft is actually it can surprise people because you don't need to be doing this right. there's something in you telling you to do this, but you're grafting so hard. Um, and people are surprised by this. It's you've got the natural talent because of what's going through your your veins, but you're putting in the work to go with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. I I tell myself every day like I don't do it cuz I need to, I do it cuz I love it. And I feel like that's more of a that's where the danger comes. You know what I mean? Like I feel more dangerous knowing that I don't need to do this. I love doing it and I want to do it. And um I can't I can't see myself doing anything else, Dev. You know what I mean? So I'm blessed to be in this position. I know how lucky I am to be on such a huge platform every fight. You know what I mean? I fought in the O2. I fought in Wembley Stadium before. Um I fought in Saudi. I'm beyond blessed. And I thank Frank Warren and George Warren for giving me this opportunity and letting me go out there and and dispose of my opponents. It's it's quite amazing your uh your your dad obviously has has boxed all around the world. Vegas, New York, Dublin, and plenty of places in the UK. Never boxed at Wembley Stadium. So, you sort of got one up on him there. &gt;&gt; You know, after my debut, he said to me, he goes, "You did something that I always wanted to do, which was fight in a stadium." And here I am again doing it for the second time. So, I am blessed. And listen, credit to my dad. I feel like I'm I am in this position cuz of his second name, but without hard work and stuff like that, I don't think I'd be here. So, people can say what they want. The doors are open, but I'm the one who's got to walk through them. &gt;&gt; How important is your family? Not just your dad, but your family. I see videos of you training alongside Sammy. He seems to be always by your side. I hear you speak so beautifully about your mother and your dad is the everpresent, always there as guidance. How how important is that kind of unit behind you to push you? Family's everything to us, you know what I mean? So, obviously great support system back home. Mom's amazing. Obviously, a lot of people like bigging up dad all the time, but I've said it before, mom's most important in my eyes. And um and just working alongside Sammy every day, it pushes me cuz my older brother, you know what I mean? I want to impress him when he watches me spar and stuff like that. Um I want to show him what I'm about. And then I got my little brother who just turned 19 yesterday. So celebrated his birthday. Um means everything to me. Means everything to me. The family. &gt;&gt; Is it important to you to impress your dad? Is that something that's on your mind? &gt;&gt; 100%. I feel like everyone wants to impress their dad, but me especially because of what he did in the sport. But right now it's about impressing myself and making myself proud of myself. You know what I mean? And I feel like I am doing that. Does he give you acknowledgement as as you go, "Well done, son." Or does he kind of hold back for for the big moments? &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen, he's uh he's been away a lot recently. But um he trusts Jamie a lot and he lets me know that. And uh I feel like it's better having my coach to be my coach. And my dad's sort of like my mentor in the background. If I need him, I bell him. He'll bail me. How you getting on? And the team's the team right now. We got Nigel, Travis, and Jamie looking after me. and they're doing an amazing job. &gt;&gt; So, Wembley Stadium, Saturday night. Any any nerves? Is it just pure excitement? You're going to dance your way to the ring again? What What are we thinking? &gt;&gt; I feel like I feel like to be honest with you, this is the most confident I've gone into any fight. Um, I'm not going to sit here and say you don't get nervous cuz you do as a man walking in front of what is it? 80 80 90 &gt;&gt; 90 plus I've been told. &gt;&gt; 90 plus the more the marriage. You know what I mean? So I I feel like you're going to get some nerves, but maybe when I'm walking out right now. No, very very confident and I've got tunnel vision and I'm looking to do a job. Dev, &gt;&gt; the stage is sort of set for your your razle and dazzle. Do you think you were you put on a kind of memorable performance Saturday night? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. You're looking you're looking at fireworks. I'm looking to go out there and and take the kid out. Well, look, one final thing because I heard I was I was watching an interview with you and you were talking about a potential future fight way down the line with Ryan Garcia. Now, for me, I think that looks &gt;&gt; dream fight. &gt;&gt; That's like a great poster that you and Ryan Garcia. That's that's that's one for the ladies, I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, not going to talk about the ladies, you know what I mean? We're going to keep it wholesome. But, um, listen, when somebody says, "Who's your dream fight?" I'm looking at the biggest of the biggest name. And I feel like Ryan Garcia has got the platform and I met him in person and I was at the Ring Magazine event and I just thought he was a cool guy, you know what I mean? I had a good chat with him and obviously down the line I look at them massive fights and I feel like how unbelievable would that be to be involved in and then after watching his last fight and stuff like that, you know what I mean? It's it's good. &gt;&gt; You had a bit of DM back and forth as well. I think you you said I'm I'm Naz's son by the way. I know he's one of your heroes. Is is that right? He said to I watched an interview years ago and somebody said to him, "Dead or alive, who would you love to fight?" And he said, "Prince Nim." So I dropped on him. I said, "Oh, I seen the interview." Not in a cheeky way, but I was like, "Look, you know what I mean? I'm the offspring. So hopefully one day down the line, these big fights are going to happen, but right now I'm just focused on Saturday night. I got an Argentinian kid to take care of." And uh that's the job that's on my mind. I'm not looking at Ryan Garcia right now. I'm looking at Azore Gregory's. &gt;&gt; Good. and uh you know he's he's a tough guy by the way and he's only been stopped a handful of times by by a good opponent. So it's a bit of a statement if you do get him out of there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, I'm not going to go in there looking for it. I'm going to go in there and box smart and listen to my coach, but if I see an opening, I'm going to take him out. &gt;&gt; One final thing I want to get you on actually is um Campbell Hatton has retired now. He he turned pro under a lot of fanfare. Uh Ricky Hatton's son, son of a legend just like yourself. a lot of pressure put on the biggest stages and he decided it's it's kind of not for him. What's what's your your thoughts on on all of that? &gt;&gt; I think it takes balls to retire like that. I give credit to him and I already messaged him. I wish him a very happy retirement and may God bless him and his whole family. &gt;&gt; Nice words. Best of luck. appreciate you the