Kind: captions Language: en Trowel, he's got the corner. He's got his fighter there. Summit HQ are being up there at altitude in Big Bear and I think that's given Filip Hrgović a new lease of life when he needed it. And he's punching with authority here. Start of the eighth round. Come up with the game plan, hasn't he? Looking for the Looking for the finish, I think Hrgović here. Solid right hand, left hook. Yeah, he knows that Fabio Wardley got to David Allen Adeleye, stopped him. And it's getting really difficult on the cards. As much as we're winning And the legs. Now steady. He was shaken there. He goes downstairs and he fights fire with fire. Adeleye takes his time. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Right hand and down he goes. And he said he'll be as brave as anybody. He'll be courageous till the end in this fight, David Allen Adeleye. But he is being really hurt now. Down in this eighth round. He just sticks his tongue out at Abel Sanchez. And the guts of Adeleye's brilliant here. He's going to war with Hrgović in a fabulous eighth. What a What a response from Adeleye. He's still completely gone though. But Hrgović's legs look slightly unsteady. I thought I was thinking the Croatian throw the towel in. Come on, what's going on? What's going &gt;&gt; Well, he said all weight, didn't he, David? That he would absolutely give it everything from start to finish. And he's done it against a pretty decent Filip Hrgović tonight who's beginning to tear off a bit more. &gt;&gt; Hrgović's got to land that right hand. Why isn't he He should be going up with that right hand. Yeah, long left hook, right hand. Plenty of time in this round as well for both, you could say. Gets his hands up there. Adeleye but he goes in. There's the left hook counter. And Hrgović Now with 55 seconds, he's got to hold on for dear life. &gt;&gt; He turned him well there. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And Hrgović Hrgović down here. He's got a good chin. He's getting on his feet. It's all Adeleye. He won one of the rounds of the year here in Riyadh. Incredible heavyweight action. Who's punched himself out fast? Extraordinary, Barry. You can't teach that. You can't teach that That instinct just to throw with no regard for your health. Hrgović sucks it up and he didn't take a count. So remember, Adeleye did go down. So it should be a 10-8 to Hrgović but how the Croatian stayed on his feet. What a chin and what resilience. &gt;&gt; What a round. How can this round be anything but for Hrgović? Hrgović is in trouble again at the end of one of the best heavyweight rounds you will see. What a treat. People on their feet here applauding. Frank Warren and Eddie Hearn with the biggest smiles on their faces. I'll tell you what, you can't teach that, Barry. &gt;&gt; But it went from thinking the Croatian throw the towel in to Hrgović almost out on his feet. That was unbelievable. And then he came back, Hrgović, and like Adeleye had spent but he went for it. And the power and combinations that he threw again were just fantastic. And that good right hand there, Darren, from Hrgović. Looked like Adeleye was out on his feet. Yeah, chopping [music] down round the left guard of Adeleye and again he lands another one and you just thought that was it, all she wrote, would Adam Booth throw in the towel but Yeah, look at that. Right on the temple. What a shot. That's a an absolute cracker of a right hand but back comes Adeleye. Look at that for a left hook. Lawrence Okolie in the background. What a round, Adam. But then the second phase of that when he rattled when he rallied with the What was it? 20, 30 punches nonstop? Unbelievable.