Kind: captions Language: en Sometimes inboxing we talk about fighters walking towards the fire. That is exactly what this man has done after coming off a heartbreaking loss. Sam Gilly has gone up in weight. He's gone away from home and he's run towards the fire. That is Aston Brown, the unbeaten Aston Brown. Sam Gilly, great to see you, sir. &gt;&gt; Nice to see you, mate. I love that. That's what I love about me buzzing out. &gt;&gt; It's got me buzzing. I love that you've taken this fight. Why have you taken this fight? Cuz I need that feeling. I'd like coming back in a tick over fight. What's the point, mate? I'm 31 years old. Get me back out there. Get me in a dangerous fight cuz that's what I need. I need I need that fear factor to get my juices flowing. I've been doing this 20 years. I need that feeling. I need to be going towards the fire cuz it brings the best out of me. And he's some fire, it looks like, right? Unbeaten so far, you know, and he's on a streak of four consecutive knockouts, Aston Brown. Seems to hit very hard. He's got a bit of a bad man persona. But you love it, don't you? Yeah, mate. I mate, I do. I just mate, we're wired up wrong cuz I enjoy that sort of stuff, like. But yeah, I'm I mean, yeah, mate. I I just gets my juices flowing and it just gets me excited. We'll come back to Aston, but talk to me about where you are right now in your career cuz that that was a heartbreak, right? Last time I spoke to you was just before you went into the Ishmael Davis fight, Spurs. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Big occasion, right? Well, listen, I mean, in top in typical Tottenham fashion this season, I've lost. So, I'm just keeping keeping it going. But no, listen, I still thought I would I done enough to win the fight. I thought I was unlucky, but it was a tight fight so you can't moan and argue. But and I was happy for Ish in a weird way, like he's a great lad. He's been putting it on the line like what I'm doing all That's what I said after the fight. I said I need to take a leaf out of his book, bounce back and go in big fights and try and win away from home exactly what he done. So, exactly what I'm doing. Yeah, it was heartbreaking to lose at Spurs, but like I say, mate, Tottenham seems to do it every week so that's all right. I've done it. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You just fitting in, really. Yeah. Part of the team. Part of the team. But tell me a little bit. Did Did the occasion because it was a close fight anyway, so it could have gone your way. So, it's not like you got completely overwhelmed by the occasion couldn't perform cuz you did perform. But was there any part of the occasion that might have got to you on that night? Well, as I walked out, I got a little bit cuz walked out and I looked up at the Cockerel cuz I sit in the South Stand just below the Cockerel. I got a little lump in me throat. I thought, "Ooh, don't look up there. Like focus. Like don't let the emotions get." So, that was a moment where I nearly let it. And I think in the fight it weren't the occasion. It was just me that that ego. Like when when I was I started the fight on the front foot, then Ish wanted to come on the front foot and I was like, "Fucking I was like I ain't going backwards." &gt;&gt; Coming in. Do you know what I mean? I was like, "Let's go." Like and I shouldn't have done that. But but I did and I let a couple of rounds slip during that. So, but mate, it's all lessons in this game. Yeah, 100% all lessons. Lessons I'm sure you're taking into Friday night. So, Aston Brown then, it's up at middleweight. You've not boxed at middleweight before. We've seen you down at welter, 154 lbs. You've had a lot of success at those weights. How are you going to get on at middleweight? Yeah, sweet. I mean, I had a bit of steak last night. It was lovely. You ain't doing that at 154, mate. Yeah, no, it's it's been good, mate. It's still hard. Listen, I'm I'm a bit I was massive for I was massive for 154 so 160 is just going to have a little bit more juice in the tank. So, and I I should get older you progressively. And I was a very skinny kid. So, when I was 22 to 24 when I was at welter, I was naturally just like I could only get to about 74 kg. And that's as big as I could get. Whereas now it's about 10 kg more than that. Do you know what I mean? So, just as you get older and you fill out you just naturally have to go go up through the weights. So, why would you beat Aston Brown then? Why do I beat Aston Brown? Experience. He's not tested. He's not tested. I'm his first proper fight. I don't mean he's knocking out people he should be knocking out. Would you knock out all the people he's knocked out? &gt;&gt; 100%. 100%. Like I've still got to go in there and do what I've what I've got to do. And I'm telling you I'll come home with that belt. So, you you think you're his proper live one, proper real fight as a pro. Someone who's boxed for a British title, someone who's won had a Commonwealth, boxed 12 rounds numerous occasions, been on big stages. He's not been past six rounds. Do you know what I mean? This ain't the amateurs. Welcome to the pros. So, you are his welcome to the pros kind of first real proper fight. Have you obviously you met at the launch press conference. There seems to be a a nice kind of vibe between you two people. I don't need to hate someone to want to punch their head in at the end of the day. Like this is boxing. If it was a 100 m sprint, I'd want to run faster than him. This is boxing. I want to beat him up. Like I don't need to hate him. I'll shake his hand. I'll smile. Like even during the fight, I'll touch gloves and just like it is what it is. It's sport. And it's the sport we're involved in. Yeah, I don't need to do all that. But every time that we're sat down everyone seems to go, "Oh, we're looking forward like what could be the fight of the night is Sam Gilly versus da da da." It's every time I'm sat here, it's being spoke about as fight of the night. There's one common factor and it's me. Right? I'm involved in good fights. I'm always in exciting fights and that will never change. You like a tear up sometimes as well, right? You you love a tear up. But I've seen this guy hit people and they're just falling over. You can't afford to have a tear up with this guy, right? &gt;&gt; You ever seen me fall over? I haven't. &gt;&gt; I ain't going nowhere. I love that. Again, I love this [snorts] fight, Sam. How do you How do you actually see it playing out? Mate, it's like listen, we've seen me in grueling fights. We've seen me like have have to react to situations. We've I've seen me in every scenario, really, other than being on the deck. Right? We haven't seen him in any other scenario other than him punching someone that he should be punching. Like he's This is There's a punch bag in front of him and he's whacking him up and he's doing it in good good fashion. Let's see what it's like when the shoe's on the other foot. Is this about taking him into deep water? This is about beating. Yeah. Nice. I love that. Talk Talk to me about this then, the T-shirt. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so a couple of months ago I got I got made an ambassador for Lennox Children's Charity, Cancer Charity. It's a national charity. I I went to a boxing charity do and and it was in aid of of Lennox Charity and I met Lindsey and she explained to me more about like the kids and and it's just a mate I I sit there and moan about having to diet for a fight and then I ended up going to meet a few of the kids football a football event a a few about got to be about 3 weeks ago now. And honestly, there's these little dots running around and there's like they're either in remission or they're in treatment or they've been diagnosed or and Lennox supports the families and supports the kids and they run amazing things for them all year round and I'm just trying to get involved and raise as much awareness for these kids as as I can because like I say, I moan about things in day-to-day life. Like I moan about Tottenham. I moan about dieting and then you look at these little kids with a smile on their face and what they're going through, the most disgusting disease. Yeah. is they're just they're amazing. So, if I can use this platform to try and generate generate some some interest in into Lennox, this um it'll be it'll be great. It gives you perspective, doesn't it? Oh, mate. Like you you don't have any problems in the world when when you see that guy. I mean, another show, I lost my nan to cancer so cancer like charities are a very important thing to me. But then you add in little kids as well. I mean, I've what I've I've I've obviously my my partner, her niece, she's basically my niece, mate. She's my best friend, Ariella. Like it's thing of her being ill. Yeah. Like you couldn't even Yeah, you can't even Like she's like my best little mate. I look at someone that like that size and that full of joy, full of life to think they've been put in that situation and given that diagnosis is it shouldn't be happening. So, if we can if we can raise as much money as we can and as much awareness as we can so they can keep helping out these children, it would be something special. Fair play to you, mate. You're doing a good thing and best of luck doing a good thing on Friday. Thank you, mate. Big night for you. Best of luck, mate. &gt;&gt; of luck, mate.