Kind: captions Language: en After a super-successful super-bantamweight reign, Liam Davies has now moved [music] up to featherweight. It's fight number two at 126 lbs coming up January 24th. For the Don of Donington, takes on Zack Miller. How are you, Liam Davies? &gt;&gt; Very well. Welcome to Don and my name. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Looks good to be back back in God's country, right? Been a few years. You still had back, so Yes. Talks speaks volumes about you. Exactly. Exactly. It tells you everything you need to know. But look, I was quite I was quite excited to drive up actually, you know, seeing the signs for Telford and all that. And we've had some good nights here over the years. It feels like this this was where you kind of built your name. So many times you headlined here on TNT Sports. I'm sure you'll be looking to do the same on DAZN as well. This is Liam Davies' country. Yeah, I have a lot of people talk about them nights to me. Memories when they've been there or people that are waiting for one to happen again. So, I'm hoping we can do that one time. And as you said, the shows are massive. Probably made my name in Telford and um had some great fights and memories that will live with me forever. 100%. And and me as well. I remember you just just chilling fellas. Like it was like we were up here every few months and it was just Liam Davies would knock someone out and then we'd move on and like we'd be banging our shoes. Yeah, no way. Let's bring him here. Let's bring him to Telford. But this is like this this is like a new chapter now in your career. This is the this is the featherweight sensation Liam Davies. How how you feeling about this fight against Zack Miller then? Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. Looking forward to stepping in. Expect a bigger performance than my first one featherweight. I didn't really it was a boxing boxing I had to keep to for that fight under instructions and this one I'm looking to be clever and a a lot more aggressive. Mhm. I remember your first fight with at featherweight against Kurt Walker. And yeah, you got the job done. You said afterwards it wasn't your best performance, but it was your proudest win. Tell me a little bit about that. Yeah, it was because boxing I would say people have said it time and time again we're only humans, but when you're on such an up as you said I was you was coming to Telford and I was having these knockouts, cloud nine and um then it all come crashing down. I lost to Shabaz. And um yeah, my world like slowed down a little bit. And it was a big change for me to accept and you have points human nature in it. You think the worst and I blame myself and kick myself for um things I feel like I ain't done properly, but now I look at it different. I've learned a lot. I've grown up and um yeah, I'm looking to come now and do it all again and I've got mad belief in myself. The first time around do it me and my dad in this gym. My dad boxed for one a middleweight title. We've never been to that level. So, you know what I mean? We done it. Um not a clue behind us. Never done um 12 rounds before or and we learned on the job and everything went well and now after last year and my year slowed up, I've been able to look back as a grown man and be like, you know what? It's life sometimes. It don't it's it's tough. But I found my happiness. I found my love for boxing. I've been enjoying it. I've had a really really bad year. Um Not just boxing. I had one fight one one fight. So, not boxing, but out of boxing where more important things ain't had the best of years year to be honest. Probably yeah, back-to-back [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] years and um yeah, I'm just super motivated. Got this mad motivation to uh bring back some good times like I said to Telford, my family and bring some positivity because the Davies' seem to uh have a bit bad luck at the minute. Well, one thing you said after that Kurt Walker fight, yeah, not maybe you are having some bad luck at the moment, but Davies' are tough mother. And you you you completed it, but it feels like you are having to fight a lot right now. Not just in the ring as you say it's one fight this year, but you're fighting so much. I know after the Shabaz fight you sought a bit of therapy as well. You had to have a bit of therapy to help you get over it. There's so much going on. How much did therapy help you and how much did you need that at point? Yeah, I wouldn't say therapy for the boxing. Therapy is is more for your head in it. It's as humans we build things up and um as I said just before human nature is you think the worst sometimes and we can't help it. It's just how we're programmed and built. And you can keep yourself down. It's good to speak it's it's nice to speak to family and friends, but you get to a certain point where you know they love you and they're going to tell you what you want to hear to help. So, anyone that is going for a bad time, maybe that's a good option to do and um they don't you know, like when I went it's not like they tell you you need to do this. You sort of answer the questions yourself. Do you know what I mean? So, it made me a stronger person. Feel like it made me a wiser person. I'm ready for whatever's to come next. Mhm. And it changed your kind of the way you look at things as well. I remember hearing you talk about how that first period in your career you were putting so much pressure on yourself to drag your family up, change all of their life. And now that you've gone through all of this, you're kind of looking at the whole thing different. Not putting so much pressure on yourself. Is that is that about right? &gt;&gt; I feel like most most young lads, you know, in the position of me would think that. So, I don't blame myself for it. You know, the putting the pressure on. It's a lot of pressure though, isn't it? When you're looking around at your family and you're saying I'm going to make sure I change your life and all that. And you're a 25, 26-year-old kid at that point. It is a lot. Yeah, of course it is. Well, it's it's no good everyone me, brother. I'm not going to go and eat steak and chips and someone in your family is going around at Aldi to with a tenner adding everything up on the way around. And that's how people's life is sometimes. Do you know what I mean? It's no embarrassment. But always send money on every cent before. Had a career thinking I can I wanted to bring every That's just me as a person. I'm a very love it if you're with me, I love you and I do anything I can for you and uh see that's something that's probably never going to change. But I look at it as a different view. As I spoke just I'm bringing positivity back to them. Some good times. And um that's how I look at it now. Do this for me. I want to make myself proud. I've I've got myself so far here. I'm two foot in now. So, there's no option but to do this boxing, but I'm happy to do it instead of I've got to. Mhm. And that's been a big change in my life. And there's a smile and there's a happiness and that you probably fell out of love with boxing along the way because of that pressure, but you you seem like a weight's kind of been lifted off your shoulders a little bit now and that I can see I can see like when I've seen you train and stuff like that and around press conferences, you just seem like a happy bloke. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. I am happy. I always like I said I probably didn't seem on the press conference because Because he called you a cheap street. I wouldn't be happy if I was called a cheap street. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I met him we both fought on a show in Manchester before and I remember speaking to him with you know, and then this one I'm competitive. So, it's probably me as well. I can't help but swear. That's the competitiveness in me. But it's done like I said someone asked me it's done great views and uh it's built the fire in me. I'm sure it has him and a lot of fan a lot more fans are taking interest. So, hopefully uh he's fired up just as much and we're still the show. You you've both got very good one-liners. I was thinking about this on the way up. You both Was it Baluta you said I'm going to punch holes in you and you're going to look like SpongeBob? Was it something What was it? You can you tell me the line? They're going to call him SpongeBob after this. I'm going to punch holes in you. Very very good. And obviously, you know, Zack Miller says a few good things as well. So, the build-up's been good so far. I'm sure the fight's going to deliver. The fight has to deliver, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. The fight will be on fire. The fight will be good. I'm looking forward to it. Really am. And I know this is his chance, isn't it? It's my chance to get up. This is his chance to prove he's something. So, he's coming with everything and I'm I'm happy. And um I expect to turn up January and just show I'm a level above. Not overlooking him, are you? Because I know you you feel you're you definitely feel you're a level above this guy, right? And I remember when the fight was first kind of linked when I said to Zack Miller after his win, do you fancy fighting Liam Davies? And I spoke to you about that afterwards. You was like not sure that the names should be linked kind of thing. So, you're not overlooking him now? &gt;&gt; No, no. I'm not overlooking him. He's a good boxer. What I'm saying it is in it don't put me any further. So, Leon Ed Leon Woodstock and Kurt Walker fought, yeah? I step up to feather. I fought the winner straight away. His last fight he fights the loser, the guy I just beat. So, I what I'm saying is I just thought I am It's after this win I'm still. Do you know what I mean? But fights a fight. Beggars can't be choosers. I had one fight this year. I love fighting. So, anyone. You've got extra motivation for for this one. I was I was reading the article that you or the story that you did with The Sun with Wally Downes and talking about what your stepmom's going through as well. My goodness. You you are you are facing a lot right now. And I feel for you. And tell me a little bit about that. Yeah, it's been a tough time. Harder a lot harder for her than any of us, and uh it's just about being there for her. Speaking, and um like I said, that's why my dad ain't here today. They're away. Um in hospital having chemotherapy, so it's just about sticking together, trying to be being and that's what she wants. She knows Lisa knows boxing, and how much we want it, and she says to me, "The best thing you can do for me is lock in and win this fight." And um that's exactly what I've done. Exactly what I've done, and uh other than using that pain for motivation, what else can we do? And my dad my dad don't really talk much or say much, but I know he's going through a lot, do you know what I mean? So, um this one's important to me. Not not the name I'm fighting. It could be anyone, do you know what I mean? Just super motivated, and uh like she Lisa needs it, my dad needs it, my brothers, sisters, you know, lift, and um I promise you I can promise you now, January the 24th, I'm going to give them exactly that. I promise you. That's no pressure. That's a promise. So, yeah. And just come at the right time. And I feel like if it's it's not ideal and it's the worst situation we could be in, but as you said, you know, people ask me, "Oh, do you feel like you overlooking a One, I've got mad motivation, and two, it's not long ago I seen what happens when you take lose you takes time to get back going, so ain't got no time to be messing about anymore, Deb. How hard is is your stepmom fighting? What's her kind of demeanor been around all this? You can be kind of down and out, you can be you know, very sad about it all all day, you can put on this kind of brave face. What what are you sensing from from her? She's very brave. Very brave, and um it I could could just imagine. It's been a really roller coaster of a road for her. And um the like I said, for the family, but especially for her, and I know she's going for it, but she's the strongest strong strong woman, and she has the best people around her. We'd do anything for her. And her message is mainly she wants to get other women to check and that speaks just volumes about the person Lisa is, doesn't it? Cuz the main thing she want when I spoke to her, said, "What can I I'll just please train and box." You know what I mean? That's it. And she knows that's where me and my dad can find focus and a bit of positivity out of a situation that that's not ideal. But she's more pushing for the message. She wants other people other women to check themselves younger, and as I said, I've got two sisters and a brother, and um yeah, they're a lot younger, but you know, you don't know. It's the same as a man. I I don't They say you should check it you never do. I guarantee you you don't know. So, it's um it's funny how she can be in such a bad situation, but still trying to push a message and get out to people to help other people, and uh that's what kind of woman she is, Lisa. One in a million. And you're trying to get some special treatment you can get in Germany, is that right? And but it's not cheap, so I guess you're trying to &gt;&gt; Yes. get behind that. &gt;&gt; That's it. Yeah, and to be honest, we've done very well, and um had fundraisers here and stuff, and it's massive. It's It's massive and amazes me how people can come together as a community Telford, and I'm sure out of Telford as well, and support and understand, do you know what I'm saying? So, I think it's been a massive eye-opener for herself. It's been an eye-opener for me, and um people just never fail to amaze you, do they? So, it's been amazing. She's a great support, and uh yeah, let's get to Germany. The why we want to go to Germany is cuz she had breast cancer like 10 years ago, and um in the UK when you have second time, if it don't work, there's nothing more they can do then. Like you've had your if it if it they don't get it out or it don't remove it, the procedure they're doing, that's she's had it twice now, there's nothing they can do, and they just leave it to deteriorate, and yeah, so that's why it's important to get to Germany, um just because it's a level [snorts] up of thing and they can attack exactly where they need in the old body. I'm not too clued up on it, but that's my gist of it. Um it's a lot better procedure, and if the chemo don't work, that's a procedure that will work. So, that's how important it is. So, you just want to help. Just just want to help, mate. Yeah, just want to help as much as I can. And um her friends, family, we've all done amazing. We had a fundraiser on here the other week. It's wet the soaked the coach. My dad disappeared, so I end up standing there getting sponges thrown at me for a good hour. It was cold last weekend. But yeah, and it just everyone goes through tough times, don't they? And um that's just when it's important to stick together, and uh the Davises, we're tight-knit family, and um Lisa knows you've all got her back, and we're looking forward to Christmas together, um cuz it's about spending time together, you know. Hopefully one or two presents, like &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; but no biscuits in No biscuits in I I feel like all the all the hardship that you're going through and that you have gone through has probably brought you closer to those close to you. Like I know I know I'm actually you love your wife, obviously everyone loves their wife and all that, but she's she's the one who always gives you a constant reminder, "Don't start moaning that you've lost your European [snorts] title. You were You wanted so badly to be a British champion. Take it to your granddad's grave, etc. etc." So, all these hard times has probably brought you closer to the ones that matter, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. And it's Don't you think it's funny how it takes tough times to realize funny how game we're playing, ain't it? 100% 100% very funny game. What what sort of game are we going to play then on January 24th was that Miller? What what what we thinking, Liam Dangerous Davis? Cuz it's been a while since I've seen you knock someone out. Yeah, I know. I know. It's coming. I didn't want to bring it up, but It's coming. It's coming. I feel like this fight um there's a very high potential I could, and I know they think not, but I'm just going off my sparring and how I've been feeling. I built into the weight but the first time, I'm just I'm still losing weight. I've been At this time I've been able to gain muscle, strength, and um it's a process, isn't it? So, my last my last fight, even though I didn't punch, go for the knockout, it was uh maybe this kid thinks I'm soft, that's why, but played into my hands well, and uh January, I'm looking to turn up explosive and strong, and um be clever about it. Do you know what? He he's he's very confident certainly that you're not going to knock him out. He When I spoke to him about it, he talked about how he's been in with Nathaniel Collins, big strong featherweight. He's been in with Masood Abdullah, heavy-handed Masood Abdullah. So, he's kind of thinking, "Liam Davis ain't going to knock me out if both fellas didn't knock me out." So, what would you say to that? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um is this your first fight on DAZN, isn't it? Second fight on DAZN for &gt;&gt; Of course, Kurt Walker. How are you you finding that? It It feels like they really they they back boxing. They're They're into it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's been amazing. Yeah. It's a big old ring. They have like this like computer Yeah, it looks a lot bigger. I like it though, and um like I say, they're giving us a platform to perform on, and uh I'm looking to come and bring my best performance on DAZN January. Me best one yet. I've only had one, so it's not an hard one to top. Uh pleasure talking to you. Thank you so much for having us down. I think we're going to film you train a little bit as well, but um yeah, anything else you'd like to add? No. Just um tickets will be here soon. Anyone wants to get in touch, contact myself. Let's get up to Manchester January, we'll have some coaches on. Shout to my sponsors, the ones that have stuck with me for the tough times when not much boxing's gone on. Um I'm going to just shout out my monthly ones because it's very important, man, because they've been so good. Greenhouse have been amazing. D Williams Garage, best garage in Telford. Gap Telford. Active Project Autumn Wood, Mark, top man. And um I'm very grateful. Thank you so much. Can't wait for January. Let's get some training done, Deb. Best of luck, my friend. &gt;&gt; Thank you.