Kind: captions Language: en On November 15th, on the undercard of the Chris Eubank Jr. Connor Ben rematch, this man here gets his dream fight. At last, Sam Gilly will fight for the British title. Not only is it his dream title, he's fighting at Spurs, the team he supported since he's been three years old. Sam Gilly, you are buzzing, right? &gt;&gt; Yes, mate. I am. That's giving me goosebumps saying that. &gt;&gt; 21 camps, mate. 11 years to the dream. Fantastic &gt;&gt; at Spurs British title [laughter] trying to tell me something. &gt;&gt; And now he's brought the dog in today. [music] [music] Come steaming up to me. you boxed before a little bit like but yeah I've done a little bit but uh and then literally when you join a spa go on then got a better and uh and he latched on since [laughter] but no that's when he said that that one quote I keep going over he comes to me listen if you give me your dedication I'll give you everything you've wanted since you was 11 years old that was the first time I met him I was like mate h like I've been out the game for ages I ain't box for ages I won title like how are we going to Anyway, just trust me. Give me dedication and you'll see. &gt;&gt; That's it. Yeah, that's how you &gt;&gt; I don't know how he's done it, but he's done it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I believe I'm a big believer in the universe. I'm a big believer in [music] everything for a reason. And I think it's been made for this moment. Do you know what I mean? If I said to him, just hold on for another [music] year, two years, but you're going to fight a Spurs. The only thing is I'm Arsenal. That's the problem. &gt;&gt; No, you're not. You're Tottenham till 16th. &gt;&gt; I will be Tottenham for a British title. Yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Now [groaning] good again. Touch. Touch. Now. Good. No. Listen. Listen. All the stuff of Rick out and stuff like I'm not even scared to sat on camera. After that fight, my mom, she went, "I want you [music] to go to therapy. I've been going for like the past 10 weeks and it has put me on another level." &gt;&gt; I actually said it because obviously he's been through a lot of trauma and a lot of stuff outside [music] the ring and we all know in here it's been hard for him mentally and um It was just hard. It was hard to train him. [music] It was hard to do anything at the time. Honestly, it was. And it was like it was a nightmare. He was coming in and we were arguing. And he he don't know. He don't know what's going on in my head. He don't know what's going on at home. So, he just thinks I'm coming in being an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] basically. Like, I could be armed. Do you know what I mean? Like, I'm going I don't even want to do this anymore. [music] And I went to the last one yesterday, mate. Honestly, best ever done. So, &gt;&gt; and I think once he started, it was a really funny It was a really It was a really funny moment. We was doing pads and he we started round one started on the pads and I went to him hello where you been [laughter] like welcome back like it was like I just got my old fighter back like it was like where have you been mate like [music] &gt;&gt; just shows you didn't it mental health is so rife in the world today but obviously due to Ricky and you see what's going on there and it's these voids or these [music] you have to speak to someone listen's addressed a recently and um it's first time he's documented it to be fair to you which I'm pleased but it's nice to be able to talk about it and I think there's so many fighters that don't do it devs you know what I mean and and it was affecting training affecting [music] everything but now it's just so nice to have a clear thought process for him and a clear mind [music] &gt;&gt; listen I got to correct you I've been a Spurs fan since I was born there's a picture of me Spurs my uncle Michael put um used to get us Spurs stuff out literally from the second I was born. But the first time I went was my uncle took me when I was 3 years old. So it was the first time I went to White Art Lane. We beat Newcastle &gt;&gt; and I've been I've not missed the season since I was 3 years old. So to be to be fighting there is beyond beyond the dream. &gt;&gt; You seem so well today. You seem in such a great place cuz the last time I saw you was actually the fight at Ipsswitch and at the end of that it it was a draw. You was looking around the ring. It was it was raining. It was horrible. You you come to the ring with a broly, you are wet. It It wasn't nice, right? How did this happen? Now you're here. &gt;&gt; Do you know what? The weather that day summed up my mood at the time, literally. Cuz it was just it was like I was walking around with a a gray cloud over me the whole time and I'm out like I've managed to get myself out of that now. I've sorted a few things out behind behind closed doors and uh I've got myself in a really good place. And um and yeah, when Rod rung me like Spencer Brown said, "Listen, he told Rod Rod told me." And I still didn't believe it was real. Obviously with all the pull outs from the the previous Gizer, I thought I thought something's going to fall out of bed here like something's going to happen. And then that poster come out and I see my face on a Connor Ben Eubank poster and I was just like, mate, this is actually going to happen. I'm like, oh my god, going to fight at Spurs and I had to go I went over there for the last time on Wednesday and it's just pure goosebumps every time I walk in there now. So yeah, I can't wait. &gt;&gt; So what what went wrong for your fight with it? Obviously you were you were meant to be fighting. I know, but you I mean you were meant to be fighting Louis Green. It was meant to be for this British title, a title that you've been linked with for like it feels like 20 years now, but but actually like two years you're meant to be fighting for it and then it turns out you're not co-main event. You're fighting at half five. It's horrible. Rain, your family's up in the it's everything that could go wrong did go wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, listen, they sound like excuses at the end of the day, they are, but it's just it was it was like one thing after the other. I wasn't me at me normal. Like look at the interviews beforehand normally like I'm laughy jokey. I'm like I'm just happy golucky. Nothing really [clears throat] bothers me but after two years of just constant pull outs con like training for Louis Green for two years and not fighting him again. It was just me and Rods were just floating through camp just like mate this is this and then we didn't know whether we was going to have a fight. Then we got Chuck Gideon and we thought all right well then they was like because we thought we'd be s 10 round or something like that like we we actually thought they was going to give us a fight for the Commonwealth &gt;&gt; and like they done with the Jack Mcans but obviously then we got Gideon eight rounds and I was like struggling to get off this but listen stay professional get get us through it but that say like I just couldn't I I just couldn't mentally do I just not not on purpose I wanted to perform but it was like someone let the air out of a balloon and Rod just couldn't Rod was going to be come I'm like, mate, I want to be my normal sharp self, but science just the motivation just wasn't there and and I paid the price for it. But I said to you earlier that if um if you' said to me, I go for all like if I go through all that and the last two years of the of the ups and downs, but at the end of it, you fight at Spurs for the British title, I'll beat your hand off. &gt;&gt; Cuz you could have won this belt at a little York Hall show, Sam Gillies champion. This is great headlining your call, but this is this is something so special. &gt;&gt; Even that would have been a dream. I mean, the first time I boxed Louis, I still to this day believe it should have been for the British title. I was English champion. Louisie was mandatory for the British. There wasn't another mandatory. So, I was I should have been like granted to be the manager, but for some reason they made Jack McGana mandatory and we didn't fight for it. But and that would have been at your hall, but everything happens for a reason. And now, I don't know how, but it's going to be first. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Are are you are you allowing yourself to get excited because you've been let down so many times, right? And your excitement's probably been there before and then suddenly the air comes out the balloon. You letting yourself get buzzed about this? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I can't not I mean I'm I'm just &gt;&gt; like I'm eating salads with a smile on me face. I hate salad. I hate tun. I hate avocado. I'm having it every day and I'm eating it with joy. Like I'm enjoying every second of camp. I'm loving it because this is the dream. You know what I mean? This is this is beyond the dream for me. Like even when I when I went to the first shoe bank Ben fight was there as a fan and even then it didn't even enter my head to go oh I could fight him. It didn't even and I'm on the rematch. So hats off to Spencer Brown Queens Brief because we're there. &gt;&gt; We're there. Just got to get it done. Tell me about this British title then. You've this is a belt you've been dreaming about for a long long time. I know when you first met Rod, you there was a kind of a conversation there that I could make you a British champion. Means a lot, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I I still don't know where he got that from cuz there was no evidence as me as an amateur that I was going to be any good. Listen, I was I was an all right amateur, but I never won a London. I never won never won no titles. But um when I walked in the gym and he said to me, "If you give me your dedication, I'll give you everything you've wanted since you was 11 years old and you will box your British title." I looked at him like he was absolutely off his um trolley. I was like really and I was like what like what's giving you that impression? He was like just trust me and mate here we are. So but the difference is now when I first started it was Rob believing in me. Now I believe myself and I believe in Rod and I believe in us as a team that we can go and achieve this because it's been since I was 11. So I first watched Ricky out and Ray Olivivera that got me hooked on boxing and then the cross fight &gt;&gt; and for Christmas I got the um do you remember the box sets and every fighters the fighters every fight along the way. So my mom and dad bought me um bought me that and I watched the John Faxton fight and I must have watched it about 30 times like just over on repeat repeat and I was like I want to win that belt one day and I got the got me phone and I stuck the picture of that belt on me Blackberry in school and since then I've just been obsessed with winning the British title. &gt;&gt; Wow. So you you are attracting it. It is &gt;&gt; massively. Well for the last two years I've been repelling it but I mean I'm trying to attract it. Yeah, you've [laughter] been trying. Fair play to you. You've been trying. Let's touch on Ricky Hatton a little bit there because I know um he he was he was the guy you've just explained it to me. He was the guy that you saw and you thought, "Oh, I'd love to be Ricky Hat." And I remember I remember hearing you say actually used to practice that left hook to the body, right? constantly like me amate coach used to go mad at me because all he used to throw stand in the bag and I'd be like I was 11 12 13 years old and you know obviously used to back I'd be standing in the bag just screaming and throwing a left hook to the body trying to copy him like it's but but it ended up paying off cuz me left hook to the body is one of my best shots now so but um but yeah for years and years and years just trying to copy what he done and cuz he was mate I I could relate to him as a as a person and as a as a fighter you know what I mean the way he just like he's just a local lad that likes normal things, but he's just good good at boxing and and I feel like I'm I'm the same. Obviously, not on the level he was at, but I mean I'm I'm on I'm on my way. &gt;&gt; Sad that you never got to meet him, right? You'd have got on like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I'd love would have loved to have met him. I've met Campbell. Campbell's a lovely lad and um Yeah. No, I I would love to have met him, but without even knowing me, he had such a big impact on my life. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I think that counts for a lot of people. He he created a whole generation of fighters. Like most of most of the lads my age would probably say they watched Ricky and that's the reason they first walked into a boxing gym. &gt;&gt; So Ishmail Davis. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You get on all right with him, right? There's no like everyone. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I know you do. Yeah. But it's it's a different sort of thing with Louis Green. I I feel like because of what had happened there there would have been a builtup kind of anger he pulled out of me before. With with Ishmail like I know you message each other and stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's there's no it's just business at the end of the day. We're both [snorts] both going for the same belt, so we got to fight each other. It's just the the way of the game. Like, mate, you can't not respect the bloke. He um &gt;&gt; he takes he no matter what the challenge is, he takes fights last minute like takes hard fights like with the camp like he don't care. He's always ready. He's ready to jump in and um yeah, you can't not respect a man like that. &gt;&gt; What do you make of the the losses? Cuz it was three in a row. I know he's had a run out. He's got himself, you know, a win again, but what do you make of the losses? Josh Kelly, Boachuk, and Kean J. &gt;&gt; Three lessons, three hard fights where he's going to learn a lot. &gt;&gt; So I can't sit there and go away. He's lost. He's lost three times like that that like I took my loss and I and I learned from it massively and look where I went on from there. So I got to be prepared for the best version of Ishmael Davis from things that we haven't seen him do in fights like that because he's going to have learned loads from each fight. &gt;&gt; Different fighter to Louis Green that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. still in front yard. Still in front of you. Obviously ishes ish switches. So he's he's very good in that aspect. Switches right in front of you as well. So most people will go for a walk and they'll switch. He switches as he's punching in between combinations. So that's something we've been looking at and working on. Um but yeah, he's right in front. I don't really I don't really go backwards. So it's going to be another one of them is it? &gt;&gt; I thought that I thought when the fight got made, I thought who is going to take a backwards step here? Cuz I know it ain't going to be. You must be looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's a it's it's a pleasure to be on such a big show. &gt;&gt; It's exciting to be boxing someone like Ish. I know we're going to get the best out of each other. Like it's it's not like I'm going to be chasing him around the ring looking for him, is it? So, we're going to entertain the fans, going to entertain everyone at Queensbury Matchroom, Turkey Shake, more importantly, we're going to be entertaining him and um and yeah, we're going to entertain everyone at Tottenham Hotspur. So, I can't wait. &gt;&gt; What does it mean to fight at Spurs then? It's it's beyond a dream. I can't even say it's a dream, like I say, cuz I didn't even imagine it could happen. I didn't sit there as a kid and go, I'm going to fight at Spurs one day cuz stuff just didn't happen at Tottenham. Do you know what I mean? I I still go over there every week and it still don't feel still don't feel real. But I had a interesting one cuz I don't really do concerts or anything like that, but they do they post Malone was there and my MS went, "Oh, do you want to go?" &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; I'll come in. So, but she got standing ones and I was like, "Oh, really? I really don't want to stand up in amongst everyone. like me space and seat. I don't want to be like sardine, do you know what I mean? But um it was so handy. So I've been on the pitch and done an interview on like by the corner flag, but I've never been to the center circle obviously where the ring of it. &gt;&gt; So I said to her, as soon as I found out we're standing, I was like, I want to go to the middle and just visualize what this is going to be like. &gt;&gt; And I stood there and I literally went cold from the tip of my head to the tip of my toes. I was like, and I got shivers and I just stood there, looked around. I must been she I must have looked like a lunatic cuz I was just standing in the middle of this concert just staring around at the stadium like that. But I'm so glad I didn't do that for the first time on Fight Night cuz I think I might have cried my eyes [laughter] &gt;&gt; cuz it is just it's from obviously we're always looking down at them playing football but looking the other way a stadium is so special. It is so special. I might be a little bit biased but it's it's the best stadium in the world. &gt;&gt; They put on good fights there. Have you have you visualized you actually holding the British title at the end of the night on the 15th? Yeah, I've got a I've got uh an idea for a picture in me head. So, I was going to keep this a secret, but I've got on the back of my um on the back of my ring jacket. &gt;&gt; Spurs have allowed me to have the logo. So, I've got a massive Tottenham [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] roll on the back and I want to as I'm walking back with the British, flip the British over me title, over me shoulder &gt;&gt; and look up at the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] roll and get a picture from behind me. That's the picture I'm going to get when I'm going. That's going straight on my wall with a guy. &gt;&gt; Giving me goosebumps there. That's that's quite you can proper see it, can't you? &gt;&gt; There's that one and on the way out to the fight. So going out to win it and then coming home with it. So you got to come and you spurs over the tunnel. &gt;&gt; So with the belt cuz my my name goes over, you know, like a printed football shirt like arches over. So arch it looks like a football shirt. &gt;&gt; Walk out picture from behind with that over the top and then on the way back with a belt over the shoulder. &gt;&gt; That's happening. Look, how did you get to this point, Sam? Because you've been through a lot, right? And I know there's been points where you thought you was probably going to lose your flat. You weren't getting any flights. It was all it was all just down here. So, you've had to overcome a lot to just be sitting here talking to me today about what's going to come up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean in the in I mean it was from really when my nan died I was I was in a really really obviously I had the Jack man fight to sort of take my focus there and after the man fight &gt;&gt; I sort of was like right the fight's done won that and then I was like well she's still not here and then I really then my mom and dad got divorced um and I really went in a really bad place in a downward spiral um and obviously Listen, it ain't it ain't the best, but and then obviously I had all the disappointments running up to the fight with uh Ipsswitch and it showed me my personality, my performance and listen, I ain't scared to say it. My mom grabbed I'm a 31 year old man. My mom locked me in a car on the way I was actually on the way to Tottenham. I was on the way to Tottenham and she dropped me to a train station and um she locked the door. What are you locking the door for? She went, "I'm not letting you out this car until you talk to me." She went, "You've lost your spark. You're not happy." She said, she went, "Your smile ain't your real smile. You're not like you haven't got that same glow about you that you normally have." And obviously your mom knows knows their son better than anyone. And um she have you got over now? I was like, "No, not really." I was like, "I can't really talk about her and I can talk about her now." And um she went, "Have you s like have you got over like me?" Obviously her and me dad splitting up and there a few things happened when I was a kid. I was like, "No." She was like, "Listen, I've booked for you to go therapy." She went, "And I'm not letting you out this car until you agree to go." And I was like, "Kickoff's in 10 minutes." All right, I'll go. And honestly, it is the best thing I've ever done. Every Thursday for the whole camp, I've been going um 5:00 I go every single Thursday, and it is the best thing I've ever done because it it gives you techniques to deal with emotions when you feel things coming up in your body. I've got things to deal with that. I've I've been able to speak about issues that have happened in my life with someone that doesn't know me and they can give me just a plain honest way to deal with that and I've got my shine back. I've got my bounce back and I can talk about my nan. I can sit about cuz I couldn't like I done an interview on the sofa down there and I just mentioned about my nan getting ill and I couldn't even when she was still here. I couldn't even speak about her then because it just absolutely killed me that she was going to go but she was so important to me. She was the best person ever and I've got her always got her here with me. But um but yeah, my mom sees something that I was lacking, stepped in, 31 years old, write it again for everything. I was like, "Okay." Sent me down there. And honestly, I can't thank my mom enough. &gt;&gt; You could be 31, 41, 50. Your mom knows. &gt;&gt; Your mom knows. And it's it's nothing to be ashamed of. We've mentioned Ricky out. Listen, if you are in a bad place, if you are feeling down, go and speak to someone. It hasn't got to be someone, even if it's like speak to someone close to you. If you don't want to speak to someone close to you, I go and speak to a professional because honestly they I've always been I don't need to go and talk to no one. I'll be all right. But life got on top of me and I didn't expect that to happen in me life. But it did. And without my mom, I probably wouldn't be in the shape I am now mentally, physically, and I wouldn't be buzzing going into this fight. I probably still have that gray cloud walking over me. and she's managed to get rid of that gray cloud, bring my spark back, and it's probably down to my mom stepping in that I'm going to win a British title at Tottenham Hotsworth Stadium. &gt;&gt; So, you take a lot into the ring with you on November 15th. You you take, you know, the me the memory of your nan, you take these conversations with your mom, everything that you've been through, it kind of builds up to to this moment, right? It it means so much. like everything has just gone like this for this whereas everything was sort of falling apart before but this one just seems to have all like twin together and just and just worked and do you know what listen we don't we don't talk about losing stuff like that but where I've come from to get myself back to fighting at Tottenham like I'm just happy to be in such a happy headsp space going into doing the sport cuz I hated the I hated boxing a few months ago hated it &gt;&gt; and like I say I'm eating salads with a smiling face now and I love boxing again and That's only because my life's going well. So I can come in here and my my life's going well. I'm happy at home. I'm happy. So I'm happy in here. So you're going to get the best out of me. So I carry all that in and it all pays off on that night. &gt;&gt; What about the main event? How do you see that going? &gt;&gt; You're killing me. Uh listen, I've been I've inspiring Connor for years. So I want Connor to win, but I I I've got to be honest. I do think Eubank will win. Like if Connor Connor, if you see this, I do want you to win. But it's just um I just think it's the whole Eubank is obviously the bigger man. I think he's going to take Connor 100% seriously this time. &gt;&gt; Bmarmac coming in. I think Eubank actually respects Bow. So he listens to him. So you actually get him following a game plan and training how he wants him to. &gt;&gt; Look at the Liam Smith rematch. I don't think he really respects many other people. So if they give him instructions, he won't really he won't really take that on board and he won't do it. I think he beat he beat Connor last time off his own back, taking him lightly, that 50% stuff. I genuinely do think Chris actually thought that. Yeah. And he said in an interview saying that I was surprised how much Connor can dig in. It didn't surprise me cuz obviously I've seen Connor do it in Sparing a million times and he's a proper fit lad. He's a strong kid and um and yeah, Chris is going to take him 100% seriously this time. So if I had to put a bet on, I would be going new bank again. And for yourself, you get this win. What do you see as the broader picture? Where does this Sam Gilly story go? Because it can't just end at Spurs British title. &gt;&gt; I mean, listen, I I could retire on the Sunday. I could sit there with that belt like British Commonwealth could sit there with a picture of me walking out the Spurs stadium over me shoulder and I could retire a completely happy man. But after this, the childhood dreams achieved. Now it's time to achieve the adult dream. It's time to be happy, healthy, and wealthy. So after this, it's just about pan notes. Big titles, pan notes get me on the biggest shows against the biggest fighters for as much money as possible. European world title, whatever it comes. &gt;&gt; These sound like good adult goals, S. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know. I think just standard, don't they? Really? [laughter] &gt;&gt; These are good goals. All right, final one. Sam Gilly beats Ishmail Davis to become British champion on November 15th because &gt;&gt; I believe I'm a better fighter. I got a better boxing IQ and this is destiny. &gt;&gt; Best of luck, mate. &gt;&gt; Cheers. &gt;&gt; Hope you get it. &gt;&gt; Cheers.