Kind: captions Language: en I'm glad to be able to have the opportunity to come back and fight for the British Comm and European and write history in Southampton. Do you know what I mean? I'll be the first fighter I believe of my knowledge to be British Com and European champion at the same time from Southampton or to ever won it. So, I want to I want to be a history maker, mate. He's he's a big step up. Obviously, I believe with each fight they've been getting slowly but surely getting better and better. So I think the time is right with each fight I'm getting better and obviously Reese is the next fight in line and like you said he's a tough tough fight. He hits hard he's fit. He's strong. So it's another thing that I got to tick off the box but beating someone like him and at the end of the day if I want to get to where I want to be in world level, he's a fighter that I I need to win against. What I've seen of him and what I know of him and stuff is that he's he's right into he's obviously fit. He can go for the the 12 rounds if we both can, which like you say, stylistically, this isn't going to be nothing but a great fight. I do certain things that people don't probably realize or can see on TV. And when I'm in front of you, I'm more awkward than I I probably see him on TV. If I believe where I'm going to get, then I should win. You know what I mean? And obviously, if I don't beat him for whatever reason, then I'm not as good as what I think I'm wearing. You know what I mean? I might be blowing smoke up my own ass. You know what I mean? If I want to get to where I want to get and achieve what I want I think I can achieve, then I should be winning these fights. You must have confidence in your power though, right? Seeing these guys just fall over taking unbeaten records, right? And guys who've never been beat, guys who've never been hurt, you you tend to Yeah. Well, like for sure again, but like I say with experience that I have learned the beginning of my career, I got gassed off of that and I thought that Yeah. I thought that was all me and I just thought no matter who it is, if I touch them, they're going over. Wrong mentality to have. and I got found and that and I found that out myself the hard way. Uh so now I don't necessarily rely on that. We work on way more than that in the gym and obviously the last six fights you would have seen that and I think this is another fight which is it's it's only going in the right direction. You know what I mean? Each fight's getting slowly getting harder and harder bigger names bigger bigger more titles on the line. So I think I'm I think I'm being guided perfect if I'm honest. like everything she's falling to place on her and I'm a big believer in Effingham as a reason and this fight I'm supposed to have this fight for me to go on and be the British come off of European champion and then go on to world that's what I believe in me still in love with the sport um my aim was always to win every belt that I could through boxing and I've I've pretty from southern area level I've won every single one by the European and now we're here so that's my next plan still don't feel real still have convince yourself sometimes like you know I mean like like you just saying we was just talking before the cameras on like would I ever change you know what I mean I'll always be the same person you know what I mean I don't think I'd ever change if I'm honest I still be the same bloke you know what I mean and it's just like I'm getting people coming up to me now you see they're coming up to me asking for photos and that you know what I mean it's like I'm just your average bloke and I'm getting random people coming up to me I can have a photo can have a photo it's good it's buzzing you know I mean it's I love it I love it I don't want to lose that So, and I know if I lose to Ree potential that could go away like that, you know what I mean? So, if I if I want want this buzz to be around me and me steal the fight here at St. Mary's, I need to win this fight. So, it's a make or break, do you know what I mean? So, I need to win this fight. Royston Barney Smith's taking on Danny Camine and Royston has done everything right so far in his career. unbeaten, stunning amateur, but this is largely seen as the step up in level against an unbeaten fighter who was a good amateur himself in Danny Carter. It's a a big fight on a big stage on a big show and uh you know, Royson's had all the the top accolades as as an amateur uh as a junior amateur. Um and it makes for a really good fight. you know, a mix of styles, a mix of um different stances as well. And I think um could be looking on for a really good night. He looks at me as as a young 21-year-old trying to make a name for himself and he's going to try and put me in me place, but that's he's going to go very far wrong with that because I'm not a normal 21-year-old. I've been I've been pro since I've been 18. I've had 14 fights. I know what the job's about. Um now, I've just been waiting for me time to to get this opportunity and I'm going to grasp it with two hands. Maybe it is a step too soon maybe for him. A little bit of a jump up. Quite a big jump up if I'm honest from who he has previously been fighting. But he has that hunger. So So why not? The thing was driving me Dev is is the ambition to is is is not to just become a champion. and I want to be a super champion where my name goes on in the sport and you can say yeah well the likes of Royston Barney Smith in the in in the bigger in the world of boxing where when when someone could say yeah he's he's a great fighter he's he's not just good he's he's a great fighter and that's what that's my ambition to be a top level top top level fighter I think there will be snippets whereby it's about disrupting his game plan um again you got to look at another one it's it's got to be the first 10 he's done as well. Um I know he done an eight rounder before, but these extra rounds at a high intensity can soon wear you out and and I've been able to have four or five 10 rounders now whereby I feel like I'm equipped and ready for these sorts of fights where whereby it might only go four rounds or it can go to the full 10. I've I've had them experiences and and uh yeah, I think that could be a massive difference. It's my breakout fight where where people can say he's not just a not not I'm not a prospect anymore but more of a contender like you can say well he's a contender and then becoming a world champion every fight you learn something new about yourself and and you grow as a fighter and I believe this fight this fight's going to make me grow in in leaps and bounds and come on even more with the type of fighter I am I'm aggressive it's a high intensity to have someone constantly on you for 10 rounds it it it's heart-wrenching at times. It's, you know, you want him to hear that bell at the end of the fight, aren't you? Um, and I think that could play a massive part in maybe his mental state as well, knowing that I've had the experience in the past, knowing the names that I've actually fought in the past, some top top names in the in the professional boxing setup. Um, I've been there and done it. I think it's all about the experience for me. I've shared the ring with with with multiple world champions. Um Josh Taylor fought the other night. Uh that's when you was like 18, right? 17 I was 17 to 18. Joe Cordino also Ray Ford. I've I've shared the ring with with top top operators and and when they're at their peak as well. And um and I I I was holding my own very comfortably and and that's and that's what shows what I'm all about. You can't take too much away from sparring sat on Saturday night. Uh you're an 8 oz glove. So, um that's what's we're going to find out and uh see if he see if he's made of it. How are you finding the whole Southampton fans? Cuz I saw you did a face off the other day. It was in the the sort of the fan section that there were like we had to use the beep button quite a lot when the video went out because so many swear words were being hurled at you. I was getting I was getting abused. No, but I love it. I'm I'm that kind of person. I love all that stuff. I expect it. I kind of want it as well. I mean, it gives you that little bit more fire. Um but yeah, no, it's like I've been on a few away fights if you like. I've been to Manchester, Liverpool, so I'm kind of getting used to the the occasion now. How much of a driver is St. Mary's? And I should point out we are at St. Mary's Stadium. The fight's in Bournemouth from July 26th, but we're here just like we were for the press conference ahead of your last fight. We are pushing you closer and closer, but there's no ring there just yet. You got to keep winning. It's all down to me. Like you say, I got to keep winning. If I don't keep winning, it don't happen and it won't happen here next year. So, but listen, it's been mental. I was here Sunday, me and Reese having a face on the pitch. We was in the fan zone. Don't know if you see the video in the fan zone out when they going mental from when I come out. You know what I mean? It's like it's getting that little bit closer. And the club's right behind me. SW is right behind me. Become a ambassador of Saints Foundation. So I'm right involved involved with the club with the community. Lux just said me. People come out to me for photos on the street now. So I'm starting to become a household name, you know what I mean? So I've got to keep winning and I got to keep winning and to make it happen. Come here and I know it's going to happen. Like a big believer in destiny. Everything happens for a reason and we're slowly every ticking each box and we're going to get there. it it in in some way Ghana doesn't want them to do that to me because it fires me up at me. It makes me want to train that extra bit that do everything extra because of that cuz I haven't just got to prove Ghana wrong. I've got to prove all his fans wrong and everyone else around me and that just gives me even more motivation.