Kind: captions Language: en Jack the demolition man. Referee relentless. Excellent right hand. There's a body shot again. The tower has come in and it's all over. And the Jack Bradley glory train continues. Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the Commonwealth WBC International Super and Vacant British Super Lightweight Championship brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red and Honey Bet. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Area Representative Ian Metaf along with the World Boxing Council, President Maicio Sulleman, Supervisor Maro Benty, and the Commonwealth Boxing Council Supervisor Debbie Down, Timekeeper Phil Morris. Our three judges assigned will be Victor Lachlan of Scotland, Mark L of England, and Bob Williams of England. Our referee in charge will be Ron Kernney of England. Introducing to you first fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing gray with red and weighed in officially at Nin Stone 13 lbs. Coming to us from Manchester, England, he brings an undefeated record of 23 wins, 14 of his 23 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the reigning and defending Commonwealth Super Lightweight Champion Jack Demolition Man refer [Music] and his opponent across the ring in this championship contest fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing white with gold and red and weighed in the same as his opponent nine stone 13 lbs. Hailing from High Wam England, he is undefeated with 13 wins. Five of his 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending WBC International Silver Lightweight Champion, Henry the Showman Turner, [Applause] you've had your instructions in the changing room. You know what I expect? Keep it clean. Keep your heads up. Touch gloves. Come out. Box on the bell. Let's go. Carney is the referee. And we are set for the showdown between the showman and the demolition man. Classy Henry Turner against Jack Raferty. Rafity is a good finisher early. Turner and his camp and Alan Smith have built their whole strategy to account for that. see off the storm in the early rounds apparently the Southport Turner and let's see first Richie if Raperty can be true to type on what is for him clearly the biggest night it is a big night it's a big night for both of them isn't it and I always like to see undefeated boxers and returner 13-0 Jack Rafity 23-0 so he's a little bit further down the road in terms of experience but um yes Turner is a very very good wellchooled boxer Southport um Rapati I don't think he's going to outbox Turner. I think he's going to have to go for it and really put him under a little bit of pressure. But we shall see. Be interesting to see what the how the tactics play out and how Raperty goes about things against a good skillful southboard. Like I say, I don't think he'll outbox Turner. He'll have to get up to and rough him up a little bit and and take the fight to Turner. Biggest unknown as we start I think is whether Rafati is now getting very tight at this weight. There are rumors that that is the case. There are stories that he considered stepping up, but then the attraction of this fight on a night like this made him buckle down and try to do the weight again. Yeah, he looks tight on the weight, Paul, doesn't he? But they both will have trained extremely hard, had hard camps for this one cuz they know they're in against undefeated opponents. And so, yeah, this is one that's going to be a close one indeed. Turner very, very skillful on that outside. very well schooled, works very well with his jab and brings the opponent, all his opponents over that front foot like he did there and just comes back with the odd counter. So he's a clever clever kid and that's why pace will probably suit him if it's a slower pace. He can see the attacks coming from from Rafati and his left hand through the middle of the Rafati guard. There are problems here for Rafi to solve style-wise clearly. Is it also true, Richie? The rumor is more than a rumor. We've been told as a fact but just to corroborate he has never faced a southpaw before today. Well, this is what we're hearing. Yes. Um he hasn't fought a southpaw certainly as a professional. [Applause] That is right Paul. So I'm sure but I'm sure he would have you know he'd have had the sparring partners in most definitely. But but you're in you're in against a very skillful and and he's he's learning already in this first round. He's falling short a little bit with his jab rabbit. He's been caught with the odd shot the odd counter from Turner. So, like I said at the start, he's going to have to quicken things up in my opinion and take the contest to Turner in terms of faster pace and closing that gap down quicker and making it a little bit more awkward because at the moment Turner's boxing very well at distance, controlling the pace, the pace is certainly suiting Turner at this stage. And for part of this opening round, Turner has also started to plant his feet, just spread the stance a little bit more. He found that one left hand through the middle, didn't he? And I rather fancy that there's a a trap to be set if it goes like this for Rafa. He jabs a very important shot for for Turner for most certainly scoring points from it. But he was also bringing then Rafa over his front foot and then he's catching in them with a counter. So it's first and third boxing. That's a good round for Turner. Stylish start from him. [Music] looking forward is left hook every time you go that way. Be a little bit careful, but don't don't reach if you don't come forward. Just keep using your jab till he starts pressing on the floor. Yeah. Told you don't show anything other than the jab in fronting all night long. Good. Really good. Just be careful when you go that way. That hand up. By and large, Alan Smith in the corner. Well pleased. A salute to Alan Smith. Incidentally, as this run warms up, inducted into the Hall of Fame by the British Xboxers over the last week or so. Alan Smith, terrific servant he has been, and he's got some really talented kids coming through. Henry Turner, one of the pick of the crop. And it's been a real good start to this from classy Henry Turner against the more experienced Jack Rafidy. Raféy with the Commonwealth title belt, his pride and joy, the vacant British title, the centerpiece of the offerings tonight. And Turner already with the WBC's international silver title. Still a mouthful third time round, but it has put Turner on the map internationally already. You see, Raperty, he's realizing he's got to get closer, but he's going about it in I think the the wrong way a lot of times, Paul, because occasionally he just drifts round to his right and he's walking onto that left hand. He's trying to get closer. Look how he's drifting round and that'll allow Turner then to to land his back hand. So Rapati I think he's just got to vary his movement patterns a little bit. See he keeps drifting around onto that left hand of Turner. So he's got that's what he's got to do more of. Get his foot more on the outside and move more to his left rather than his right. See again he's falling short. He's walking onto that left hand. Just got to vary the movement a little bit more. [Applause] I won't say Turner's got it on a string here early on, Richie, but he seems quite sure of how he's doing it. And that left hand's becoming a factor even this early. And he's, like I said, Paul, he's controlling pace at the moment. And Rafati, he knows he's got to get up closer because he's a little bit too far away with the right hand. There was an example of it there. He threw the right hand, but he fell short. So, he knows he's got to get his feet up close to him, but he just drifting round more onto the the left hand of of Turner. So the feet have got a little bit more be a bit more quicker and dynamic. Maybe a little bit more head movement, but he's got to quicken things up. That wasn't too far away, but he's got to quicken things up here. Rafa, the problem is though, Richie, if he does throw it, if he if he cannot resist the temptation, he's off balance himself, isn't he? Yeah. For half a second. Rafa and also he's overstretching because he's not clo quite close enough. So I can understand what he's doing. He's trying to get up close. I understand that. But he's got to also use his own jab before he look before he throws that right hand. He's got to make sure the feet are in the right position. At the moment, he's drifting round onto the left hand there again from Turner. And again, [Applause] Rafa has got to stay patient. Easier said than done. We know he's got a shot in him, but can he get close enough to deliver it? It's not happening at the moment. Last 20 seconds of this second 12 round championship fight. Turner finds him underneath. Turner's in his rhythm. He has looked a classy operator right from the start and he's finding it difficult to miss quite honestly at the moment. Henry Turner. [Applause] The last shot at last counted with the right hand from Rafati. He needed it. with that last shot. Yeah. All you have to do is keep up to the jet around that [Music] when you're moving to your left. He's dancing off. You can chase him a little bit more. Yeah. Know you're not tired. Come get that big. Yeah. You move to your left. How do you get out? [Music] Michael Conland there, Paul. Good boxer indeed. Yes, Conan a craftsman and a real craftsman going about his business in there. Henry Tan, we're just going to stop here at the start of this round. With every respect to all concerned, I thought there was a lot of Vaseline across Raperty right at the start of this fight. They got away with that for a couple of rounds, but well done referee now. Yeah. [Applause] Turner has looked the business so far in this big showdown. The showman against the demolition man. Rafae has yet to detonate. Can he get close enough? Incidentally, you may have seen and heard Terry Flanigan working alongside Steve Mallet in the corner for Rafati between the rounds. Flanigan of Manchester, one-time lightweight world champion, actually beat Gary Matthews, didn't he, in the WBO world title defense here in 2016. Yeah, terrific fighter. Terry Fanigan had numerous world tal WBO champ, wasn't he? Lightweight at the moment. Turner caught Paul. He's boxing very well. He's controlling things. Rap is going to have to realize what he's got to do more of here. Rapid is up the pace. go through the gears and really force Turner, make him work. This is a 12 round contest, remember? So, he's got to make him work and get him to the point where he's feeling a a little bit. But at the moment, the pace again, sensible boxing from Turner. Fitness is going to play a big part in this contest, especially for Turner, cuz he's going to have to keep it going. If he if he um eases off a little bit, that will allow Rafaerti in who looks strong. He looks capable and he looks dangerous, but at the moment it's going Turner's way, but it could go the other way if Turner slows down. Rafati seems to have settled a little bit more. He's not quite so anxious. [Music] I've been privy to some inside knowledge about how they view this in the turner corner. Richie, they believe because their strategy is built around believing that Rapati is tightening the weight, they don't think he can start to build the tempo round by round. But what we're seeing now is that Rafi started to do that a little bit and Terry Flanigan was talking about that in the corner. I think he looks pretty strong too, Rafity. I I think he's losing the contest up to now, but nevertheless, I think he's sort of gaining in confidence and thinking that he can eventually get to Turner. So the movement and like I said the fitness from Turner is going to be so important here. If Rafati gets a sniff that he's slowing down a little bit then that he could really pour on the pressure. This has been a better round for Raferti [Applause] to slip the punches. Much better Rafi although Turner's you know in his rhythm and has had a lot of success. Turner is missing more now. He's missing more and and Rapid may just feel that he he can take the power of Turner. Turner is a lovely boxer. Boxing very well at distance, but there is a sort of area of confidence with Rapid. [Music] All you have to do is do that. But what you have to do sometimes is your center a little bit. And you have to do that by when you get back out, go out there. He's just going to keep powering forward. Don't stand so high when you try. You don't need to strike him. You just need to lick this light off him. So we man, it's already starting to slow down a little bit. It's a big big kick. So you second half will go down. Watch out punching. So don't start training. Take one shot a little bit. Use that double jab. Change your jab. low. [Music] Ball a little bit more intense from Alan Smith in that Turner corner there. Perhaps feeling that Turner was making himself a little bit too easy to hit. You know what the corner said that Alan Smith said he doesn't want him to stand and trade with him. He said keep the movement which that's what we spoke about. The hit and the movement is going to be very important indeed. doesn't want him to stand and trade and allow Rafa give Raferty a shot here and there. So the movement's important because it's more difficult for Raferty to actually pin Turner down. Turner holds his feet and trades that brings Rafity right into it. There we go. [Applause] Turner with some reminders from the corner has started well in this fourth round. But I don't think there's much argument that Rapoti is looking much more composed than in the first three minutes anyway, maybe six minutes of this. He's keeping Turner on the move a lot more, Richie, when Turner was so comfortable in the first two rounds. Yeah, indeed. At the moment though, Rafa is just struggling to close that gap down. So, it's better movement from Turner. This is this is that's easy. You've got to ring position here is going to be really important for both boxers. For Rafi's got to try and back Turner up, get him to get those feet to come square, get him on the ropes, restrict that movement. Whereas Turner must hit and he must move. He must move around Rafati rather than move backwards. That's a nice counter there from Turner. Turner having the better of the exchanges in this fourth round so far. Mind you, we're only at the halfway point in it. And again, sharp turner. He's such an intelligent boxer. I think there's a kind of subliminal message when he goes to the corner between a round and he knows just from the tone of what he's been told that they didn't think it was that good. He's got the brain of a fighter who says, "Right, I'll go and fix that before it becomes a big problem." A little bit of blood as well on the left eye of Rafati, whether it's a graze or a tiny little cut. But better boxing this is from Turner. I think Rafat's feet have slowed down a little bit. So he's he's struggling, I think, with the movement of Turner. But this is better boxing from Turner. See, that's better movement. You see, moving around him rather than moving back and going onto the ropes. It's just keeping your hands high and then move around the opponent. That's what Turner's got to do. There's a little bit of blood dripping into the eye and maybe affecting the vision of Raferti also. He's keeping his guard very high at the moment. Rafi perhaps mindful of that and he's starting to follow Turner around again the way he did early on. But yet so much success for him, Richard. Yeah. And again pace is suiting Turner. slowing it down. Good odd one, two. This has been a much better round for Turner, I think. I think Rapot is feeling the pace a little bit or he just can't cope with the movement from Turner, but Turner's been better with his punch selection. And that was a cracker there. Masterful stuff from the showman there. No argument. And a problem in the corner now for Rafati. What you doing? Just need to speed that shot up a little bit more. I know there fill your lungs up, Jack. Fill them up. Need a change of gear shot. When you've got him doing what you're doing, don't snatch at doing good, mate. Yeah. be a bit more political like yourself. Terry Flanigan acting as the cutsman in there tonight. The former WO lightweight champion of the world. Well, that's where we think that there's a there's a slight nick, isn't there? Cut on the eye. We think it may have come from that clash there, Paul on the left eye of Raperty. Richard, your score. How do you see it going overall to this point, please? I think um Rafa sorry Rafy's won one round and and Turner has got the the three. Yes. So it's three to one for me and I think Turner actually sensed that third round didn't really go his way as much and he uped the pace, didn't he, in the in the next round. So it was a much better round the last round that we seen from Turner. His movement, his skills, he just upped it a little bit. Rafity finds with the right hand at last and it was a solid shot. It were one or two Manchester cheers from the back of the hall here by the banks of the meri to encourage their man. I think they feel quite lonely here. [Music] [Applause] What's pleasing from the Rafati point of view and his supporters that he hasn't panicked at any point. He's handling the occasion well enough, but has he got the skill set that Turner possesses? That's a good old body shot there from Rafati. But lovely boxing there from Turner at distance, then gets back out on the outside. And that's why for me, Rapert's got to sustain the pressure a little bit and double up the attacks. Again, the single attacks probably aren't enough at this stage. Turner's dealing with it. You see again, he's slowing his feet down. Um, Raperti, he's got to quicken them up and and really take it to Turner. But that's easier said than done when you get hitting hit shots like that. Little bit more head movement most definitely from Rafa needed here. Paul, it's all putting doubt into his mind even when he is in range, isn't it? To really let go. ing from the outside falling short a lot. How tiring is it when you are missing so much as Rapid has done for a lot of this tonight? Yeah, it can be very tiring indeed, Paul. When you're missing the target, especially when you're putting a lot into the shots and you're missing the target, you're overreaching. It can be demoralizing also. You've got to keep a cool head. And who knows, this is what Raperty may be thinking in taking Turner into those latter rounds, but he's got to avoid the shots and he's got to try and win a couple of the earlier rounds. And for me, Turner again, his boxing, he's his fight really. He's winning it up to now. [Applause] Again, [Applause] a lot of effort, a lot of labor for little reward from Ravity's point of view in the pit. [Music] Nice and tight on exchanges. When you lead that back hand, get your feet out. Don't just think [Music] concentrated, mate. That's what it's about. Yeah. That's why you box him well. [Music] We mentioned the Vaseline that they've applied very liberally in that corner for Rafati. They were on watch there. I'm not going to chuck a dark arts onto the table here tonight. But anyway, the point is it's not helping the shot slide off his forehead either, is it? Just needs at the moment. Solid shots landed by Henry Taylor [Applause] back from Rafi again trying it up and here's Turner get back onto the ropes courty may have more success but at the moment Turner again well at distance controlling the pace nothing if not persistent However, Rafa career largely unfashionable with every respect to him, but he's an unbeaten fighter. He's incredibly proud of being the Commonwealth champion, and they felt that he just had a bit too much in terms of experience for young Mr. Turner at the age of 29 coming into this fight. But it's already time to refocus. his big strength apparently finishing well early. 14 early wins in 23 before tonight. He's going to have to find another way. And we're already at the halfway point. And Henry Turner is boxing in a championship fight like a championship fighter. Boxing will at this stage turn. He's doing a lot what we call counterattacking Paul. So he's actually beating Rapidity to to the punch. He's waiting for Rapid to come into range. just just as Rap is about to throw a shot then a lot of the times Turner stepping in and beating him to it. So his timing is very good indeed. But we're coming to a crucial part of the contest now, Paul, cuz Turner is naturally going to slow down and that will then we'll have to see how rapidly how they both respond to that cuz Turner at the moment is boxing very well. But fitness, like I've said, is going to play a massive part and if he does slow down and um if Rafati gets a sniff of that, like I said in the in the past, then it could be very very different. And I think we're approaching that stage now where fitness is going to come into it. Turner has kept the tempo high largely since that questionable showing from him in the fourth round where he seemed to offer Rafati a way into this. Sticking to the plan admirably. [Applause] Can Rafati pin him at close quarters and really go to work? And has he actually thrown one single body shot tonight of consequence yet? Rafity? No, not really. But well, he's thrown a couple in this round actually, Paul. But for the first time, Rapid Turner has just held his feet occasionally here and um just a lapsing concentration maybe or just slowing down naturally, but that suited Rapid just slightly. [Applause] Richie, we've heard your read on it. What about Anthony Crawler? Over to you, Mr. Prawler. [Music] [Applause] Thank you, Anthony. One of Manchester's finest of recent use. Gravity from Shaw near Aldom. Richie, that's your reading on it. True halfway. That's a healthy lead for Turner. Yes, it is. I think um Turners ahead most definitely. But you know, halfway through the contest, Paul and the worst signs from that last round where he just held his feet occasionally. Maybe he's having a a breather, you know, and Anthony Cwley knows more than anyone in these type of contest, 12 rounders, you do have the odd breather here and there, you take a round off. It's a natural thing to happen and it's natural when you haven't done it before, isn't it? To just feel your way through it a little bit in terms of the pacing. Yeah, absolutely, Paul. Experience is is everything, isn't it? But that's that's good work there from Turner. He's boxing well at distance, but again, the pace, he's controlling it. Rap's just got to quicken it up. He's said it time and again. I'm just not seeing Raperty really throw these shots at close quarters with bad intentions. There was an example, Richie. He reached for it and the kid had gone by the time the shot arrived. Just overreaching there with his right hand and just gets caught there. Can turn it with the counter. [Music] [Applause] And like I said, I just like to see Rapidity up the pace for just to just to test Turner. Turner's boxing very well at distance. He's controlling things very well at longer long range. But Rafi's just got to test him. Test him on the inside. On the the odd occasion, he has gone on the inside. He hasn't thrown enough punches. Rafi, he's got to do better, but he's got to just fight at a quicker pace for me. [Applause] Little variation on the theme there from Turner emphasizing what a good craftsman he is. He waited and waited and he drew Rafati onto a shot. Then he was on his way again. Most of the time Turner is first. Most of the time Rafy's coming off worst as here. Yeah. Again, good boxing from Turner Rafi. He's been doing all this contest trying to get up close and he's just taking one too many as he's coming forward. Oh, lovely punch, wasn't it? That was a lovely shot that lead right up from Turner there. Still know Rafati took it doggedly continues along his way. You see that's better movement for Rafy there. move more to his left and that brings turning then onto his backand. You see that's what he's got to be doing more of. [Music] [Applause] Classy work in the main once more from Henry Turner. This is the chief supporting contest and ahead of us tonight, the long awaited return, at least to a ring in Liverpool of Liverpool's finest of this era. Nikki B, the new WBA world featherweight champion making his first defense of the title back in his home city and he's getting ready to go. [Music] that follows immediately after this one. [Music] He hasn't won a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] round. He's going to be desperate. Just touch. I take it. Just stop. Stop. Stop. Touch. Won't you move away? [Music] a sense of belief in the turner corner that they are in front that they think it's going their way but they are not getting ahead of themselves and they're right not to. Rafford has been around he's been in difficult corners before. He has had a bit of a lesson in terms of the art of boxing from Turner tonight but that doesn't mean that there isn't time to turn it around Richie. There's definitely time to turn it around. Remember he's an undefeated fighter in 23 contests. is used to winning and um what will be going both through their heads both of them for that they both haven't been 12 rounds remember Henry Turner has been 10 rounds once and I think Jack Racket has been into the eighth and ninth round but they haven't been 12 so that will be in the back of the mind for any boxer who goes into a 12th round who hasn't done the 12 rounds it's always save a little bit can I get to the end cuz it's a big milestone to actually get to the 12th round and to get through it that will be um in their both in their minds so they've got to test each other in terms of that that work rate and that fitness. Oh, that's a nice body shot there. That's about time to see it. And this is better work package in this round from Raperty now. Closing the distance and delivering when he does so and it's a great tactic, isn't it? Against a moving boxer, target the body. It generally slows the the feet down. You hurt him downstairs and that was probably the best right hand that he has thrown to the body, Rafa. Now, will that encourage him, Richie? Has that opened the door of opportunity in this fight for Rapati? Good jab. Key to everything. Turner still got that in his armory. That straight left hand which has been perhaps the biggest weapon in this fight either way so far. Instinctively there Turner just moved off those ropes. Knew he was in a bad position and just got back to to to ring space, ring center. And again, look, he moved. Got to keep those hands up as he moves though. Nearly got caught there with a left hook and another one. So Rafati having little glimpses would have seen glimpses of success from Rafati. That's where he's got to move. That's where he's Raf's got a keeping port. Turner got away from it before it built into a real problem there. Rafi comes after him again seeking to build the pressure. Of course, one of the benefits of a fighter who builds the pressure is the opponent is going to make a mistake sooner or later. We haven't really seen Turner making a mistake, but just a sense of rapidity beginning to ask a few questions again now as he did in the fourth round. Absolutely. And all of a sudden, Turner the Spark's gone a little bit. The feet have slowed and you just Rafa's got a bit of momentum here and he got a bit of confidence in his work. He'll take encouragement from that. [Applause] pressing to the end of the round. Rapidity and for the first time Turner stuck on the ropes. Might be a psychological breakthrough that for Raperty good round for him. It's good timing jabs mate. Kein down for her. Yeah. Listen, relax. It's what we doing here. Yeah. No timing jab with your chin down. Timing jabs are no good for your chin in the air. Yeah, you keep your chin binged. Yeah, suck it in. [Music] Hey. Yeah. Yeah. British champ. Yeah. Still got a job to do. The whole round is just your feet. I would do that. Can you do that? Yeah. There you go. sitting back here doing something [Music] just don't work through it. So, it's four to go, Richie. As you've always taught us about being a 12 round championship fighter, there does come a point, however well or badly that it's going, where you have to actually have a little word with yourself and say to yourself, "This is what I've worked for, and I've got to come through." And to me, Turner is starting to look a bit weary suddenly. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, he's getting caught holding the feet. You see Paul movement isn't isn't as slick as as it was. The rhythm just isn't there from from um Turner at the moment. And the confidence is with Rafati. [Applause] He's losing the contest up to now, but the signs now the tidle's just turned a little bit. There's another right hand. The movement's got to be still really important from Turner. He's got to hit and he's got to move. But Raperty is getting closer. He really is. This is what it's all about, young Mr. Turner. If you want to be a topline fighter, we've always known you've had the ability. Rafity's been through the mill a few times and it's starting to show. And he catches him with a huge left hand. And Emmy Turn is stuck on the ropes and he has to get moving. A huge change in this fight in the ninth round, the championship rounds, the ones that Raperty knows better. Tanner has boxed beautifully for a lot of this fight tonight, but he's going to need something else now. Yeah, he's got to pull something out the bag now. Rafity is moving in. He's He knows he's close to the finish here, but Turner desperately That's not a bad shot from Turner. But Raperty comes through it. Paul, the uppercut found him. Turner sags onto the rope, almost sits on it. He gets away with that. The referee is poised. A big right hand twice over three times from Rafaerti. He's going to has never been anywhere like this in his life for a change. He's got to move, Paul. He's got to move off the the ropes. Got to try and get back. He's absolutely exhausted. We said that fitness was going to play a major role in this contest or he could do and it's certainly playing out that way. Paul Rafati is fighting with ice in his blood right now. He's waited and waited. He's been on the end of a boxing less tonight, but his true grit and fighting spirit and knowhow at the championship distance. Is all of that going to play now against Turner, who's been in deep, deep trouble through this round so far? Last 30 seconds of it. Rafity just taking those left hands from Turner. Turner thrown in desperation. That's a big shot. Turner's willing. He's surely going to go. The referee is not intervening. Turn's got nothing left. Nothing. Finally sacks to the canvas. Has he got enough? Willpower alone for Turner gets him to his feet. It couldn't have been any closer. The bell goes at the end of the round. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] And something is being decided upon in the corner here. Alan Smith comes out of the corner. They're not going to continue. He had a word, a soft and gentle word in the ear of young Henry Turner. It's not his night. What a win it is for Jack Raperty. All over the place, out boxed, outskilled, outsought for seven or eight rounds, but Raperty never panicked. He always believed a moment would come in this fight. And it is the crowning moment of his career because he held his nerve. And when his chance came, he felt he'd earned it. He knew he'd earned it and he went out and he grabbed it. What a performance from Jack Raferty there because he's been eight box for most of the for the rounds. Paul, but he had that belief. He had that belief in these last couple of rounds. He poured on the pressure. He targeted the body. He sensed that Henry Turner was weakening, was getting slower, and he's moved in. That's a terrific win. It really is cuz he was behind. He was way behind, but he had the belief that he'd come through and he's caught Turner with the right shots. And you know what? It's a sensible decision there from Alan Smith. He's had a word with Henry Turner, who's still only 24. He'll come back from this. That's a brave decision there by Alan Smith, but it was the right call. Well done, Alan Smith for pulling the lad out. Brilliant. But congratulations to Jack Rafati. That was some performance to come from. He was being outboxed, but he's come back and he's won the contest. That was superb. He's completely overcome, isn't he? He is the new British champion. That alone makes this so special for him. He retains the Commonwealth title, a dual champion. And now he's on the map with the WBC cuz he takes Turner's honors as well. Yeah, terrific there. Good right hand, good left up. Turner just goes back onto the ropes and then we're just getting caught with the shots. He's just trying to survive throwing shots himself in desperation but it was rapidity that knew he the victory was in his sight. Great lead left uppercut there then a right uppercut from him and the way Turner he just walked through Turner shots here Paul through sheer belief that he was going to get the win. Terrific performance here letting both barrels go and then he moves in and Turner just cannot get off the ropes and Rapid moves in here. Turner misses. There's a body shot that went in and then that really hurt. Henry Turner did it, didn't it? And then Rapid just moves in, targets the body again and the writer was on the wall and he just pours on the pressure. Sustained attack. Terrific stuff from Rapidity there. Tremendous win. Let's have a look at here, Paul. So, Turner misses there with that left hand and rapidly responds with that right hand counter downstairs and that really hurt Turner. And then he moves in, targets the body again. Another one down there, left up to the body. And again, he knew it was the body shots that were taking their toll on young Henry Turner, but that was a superb win from Rapidity. Superb fight as we hoped it would be tonight. It's academic only, but um we understand that it was level on two cards and we had Turner four up on the other. So that's why Rafi needed it and he delivered it. Ladies and gentlemen, after nine completed rounds of boxing, the blue corner retires their fighter and our referee in charge, Ron Kernney, accepts the retirement. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout still commonell and new WBC international silver and British super lightweight champion Jack Demolition man refer. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, we continue with 12 rounds scheduled and it will be for the British Commonwealth and WBC International Silver Lightweight Championships brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy and Uni Bet. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Steward in charge Suzanne Pototts along with the World Boxing Council President Mauricio Sulleon, supervisor Miguel de Pablos, and the Commonwealth Boxing Council CBC Supervisor Debbie Down, Timekeeper Phil Morris. Our three judges assigned will be Steve Gray of England, Victor Lachland of Scotland, and Mark Lyson of England. Our referee in charge will be Mark Bates of England. Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing black with white and weighed in officially at nine stone 13 pounds. Coming to us from Morham, England. He brings a professional record consisting of 17 wins, just one defeat, two wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the challenger and current Central Area Super Lightweight Champion, Reese, Raging Bull McMillan. And his opponent across the ring in his championship contest, he is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing blue with red and weighed in the same as his opponent, Nin Stone, 13 pounds. Hailing from right here, Manchester, England, he is undefeated with 24 wins, 15 of his 24 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending British Commonwealth and WBC International Silver Lightweight Champion Jack Demolition Man refer. [Applause] Okay, gents. Listen, they've had your instructions in the dressing room, so you know what's expected. Keep your punches up. Obey my commands and protect yourselves at all times. Good luck to you both trust. Already here tonight in Manchester, one cracker jackack of a Commonwealth and British title fight. Stand by for the same kind of thing here everybody in the city that gave the world Ricky Hatton. The city and the arena which will stage Jack Catrol in a world title fight next week. Here comes Jack Rafati and he is not to be overlooked. A world ranking also on the line with the international WBC title. Rafati against Ree McMillan. Overlooked for way too long, very unfairly in many ways. Like one or two of the other young men on the card here tonight, being here is an achievement. But can he make life difficult for Rafati? Raferti who has visualized appearing on a card like this for so long. He lives in the area. He's watched this place being constructed saying all the time, I will fight there. I will be there. But could he make this his home? As Hatton made the arena across town his so memorably 20 odd years ago. Don't overlook Richie. 24-0 Raperty. That is the longest current unbeaten run in British boxing. Should McMillan be intimidated by that? Because he has got real ability this rapper. It's a tremendous record, isn't it? And I think his last performance against Henry Turner was probably one of of his best because he was very composed. Henry Turner if you remember a very skillful Southpaw was out boxing him for the early part of the contest but he seemed to have that inner belief that he would eventually catch up to Henry Turner who just naturally slowed down. Bit of a lack of experience probably from Turner who was a very good boxer indeed and Rapoti you know caught up with caught up with him in the end. He was a typical hair and the tortoise situation but Raperty fair play to him. He just stuck to his guns and he kept grinding away and he eventually caught up to Turner. So when you're in against Raferty, you've got to prepare be prepared to go the distance. He's a very well seasoned boxer indeed. Perfect record. But young Ree McMillan also remember he's he's on a run now of of what he's won 13 since that loss that he had. So he's on a winning run as well. So yeah, this promises to be a good contest. Paul, a faster start than last time from Rafati here. Hometown might be a factor. Titles might be a factor. Sharp little bit of work there from McMillan. Not phased. He's had to struggle and struggle to get to an opportunity like this out for medical reasons for the better part of two years. I'll tell Paul. He got caught with a good shot there. Did McMillan. He's got to keep the movement going. Rapid's cutting the ring space off very well and seems to be getting him in the corners and that's what Mc McMillan's got to avoid because once you you're backed into a corner then you your movement is really restricted and your opponent then can set up attacks and bring you on to shots. So this is positive stuff from Rafati. Movement's going to be the key for McMillan. Um but for me Rapert's round, excellent start from Rafity [Music] [Applause] [Music] that I mean that change of pace and I can left and right hand. [Music] Welcome back everybody. Stone roses blazing out across co-op live. If you didn't know it, we are very much in Raperty. The winning team in that corner tonight already. Steve Melet and Terry Flanigan and Jack Rapidity has made an excellent start in this British and Commonwealth Super Lightweight title fight against Ree McMillan. McMillan in the black. Rafity with a memorial to his mom on his waistband. His mom Debbie who very very sadly died of cancer in 2020 during a very difficult period in his life and in his career. Had one or two injuries at that time. Jack Rapidity has come out the other side with flying colors, but so too has Reese McMillan after the difficulties placed in his path. Worked and worked and worked to get this chance. Does he need to adjust, Richie McMillan? Well, I think unfortunately for him, Paul, you know, he's only got the two knockouts on his record. You can see why. He's not a bad mover, but there doesn't seem to be a lot to be a lot on his on his shots. He's got um his accumulation of punches is okay. So he's he punches in punches sometimes does um Reese McMillan which is okay but there's not a lot behind them. So occasionally you may have to just plant his feet and try and bring Jack Rapert on onto the odd shot here and there. See it's not bad work for McMillan but again nothing's going to hurt Raperty there. So adjustments wise, I think he's got to keep the movement going most certainly because then he presents a more awkward target for Raperty, but he's got to try and outwork Rafity for me. If he is if he hasn't got the the power behind his shots, then he's got to go for for volume and work rate and with the movement. So it's a tough night for him. He can do it, but he's got to work probably a lot a bit harder than this ball at the moment. Easier said than done, I think, Richie. won the central area title. Rehys McMillan. Great victory, his best yet against Kane Gardner. And really upset a few well-laid plans for a huge Manchester matchup between Rafati and Gardner. But can he now take full advantage? He's from Morham and he he has been part of the Tyson Fury training camp there. Rafati commanding the center of the ring for most of the opening two rounds. Really looking sharp here tonight. Yeah, there seems to be a calmness about Rapert's work, doesn't there? Um, and again, he's not wasting a lot of his shots here, Raperty. [Music] Calmness and confidence about his work, Paul. McMillan again on the outside doing the right things in terms of the movement. Got to keep the movement going. But like I say, he's got to come back with twos and threes and outwork Raperty. And that's the problem here. Rapert's just getting into his groove. I think I agree. The volume just not there at the moment for McMillan. And they have to find a way to ameliate that. [Applause] [Music] Got to give you that time. Okay. Don't stand in the middle there. Just do it on a flat spot. Okay. Got to be doing something. If you're getting closer, slow the distance down a little bit. All right. How you feel? Right. Sure. Stand there in front of him. Okay. Just start using that jab just a little bit more. Right. Don't stand in front of it without moving. Okay. Go the distance a little bit. Just on you. Right. You see when he's when he's when he's setting, just take away. Okay. Don't stand there. Just take a little ball and move. Right. Don't walk onto him. Bob Howard. Farice McMillan in that corner. [Applause] [Music] It was an interesting little insight that a little inter round quite early in the fight suggesting we have problems to solve here. Rafati setting the pace precise so far in his work. looking confident, looking to me, Richie, like a guy, we've seen it before, who wins a big title fight and knocks over a kid like Henry Turner and says to himself, "That's me now. I'm I'm a different article from that." And he looks it, doesn't he? He really does. Looks very composed and confident and just he's just like systematically breaking the opponent down now, catching with shots. McMillan again occasionally comes a little bit too square and um and gets caught flush. So certainly with that the squarer style he's gone with his feet Paul he's got to move his head a little bit more to avoid the shots if he's going to stand there. If he's standing in front of Ravity, he must have head movement, draw that lead and try and then counter off off a slip maybe, but he just keeps getting caught. And like I say, Rapert's just getting into his groove up in the turning the screw slightly, cutting the ring space off and just getting to to McMillan now. And McMillan can't afford to take too many clean shots. It it makes me think whether he's been a converted southpaw. He comes very square with his with his legs. Look how square he is now, Paul. You know, that would that that might suggest that he'd been a southpaw at some stage. I don't know, but um he's too square for my liking and up against the ropes that makes you an easier target to hit. Slid along the rope, which is never a good sign there. Needs to cut that out. But Rafatu in truth has picked up in the first three rounds of this fight where he left off after nine rounds against Henry Turner. There's nothing rushed about Rapid's work, is there? He sets everything up behind the jab. It's just well disciplined boxing. Gets caught there. That was a better shot. That was a good shot from McMillan. Probably the best one he's actually thrown. But Raperty in general, there he is again. Look with that right hand setting things up behind the lead hand in a very composed, calm manner. So yeah, it's impressive display up to now from Raperty. piling up the points so far. Raferty No real change to the overall shape of it. McMillan showing willing but Raperty in and out at will. Very accurate indeed. And he seems to be outpowering McMillan. [Music] Need the next phase now when he's on the ropes. But he can't it. Yeah. [Music] face out on the road. Yeah. Middle of the ring's fine. You jaming him back. Yeah. When you get there for the next one now, [Music] you end up getting a pro. [Music] Just a few gentle reminders from Steve Mlet. Don't think you've won it, son. With only three rounds done. Yeah, good coach in that corner. Nice and calm. Still telling his boxer to work behind his jab and break the opponent down. Basically, that's what he's doing. This could be a big round for Ree McMillan. I watched him as he walked back to the corner. A little bit dejected at the end of that last round. So, psychologically, this could be a tough round for him. He's got to try and pull himself into this contest. So, at the moment, it's all Rapidity. Rafity seems to be controlling things very well. [Applause] Not throwing enough when he is in range, Richie. Is he? I mean, that was a lovely bit of movement there from McMillan with his head, but when you do that movement, Paul and you made and you've drawn the lead of your opponent. Oh, he's got caught there. I think has a gumshield come out. Yeah, his gum shield's definitely come out. Got caught there with a good shot. But what I was the point I was trying to make was when you do the head movement, Paul, and you've made the opponent throw and you've made him miss, you've got to come back and punish him for that, which he didn't. Good head movement, but he didn't come back with a shot. Rafé meantime composure itself. Very business-like. A lot of interest around Manchester now in his career. [Applause] A little nod also, I guess, in the direction of Ricky Hatton with the light blue shading in the trunks he's wearing tonight. Different style. Never going to be the body artist that Hatton was for sure. 20 years now since Costasu. Yeah, incredible, isn't it? What a night that was here in Manchester. Never forget that night. Brilliant. Me and Buny walking back to the hotel. I think it was about 4:00 in the morning. It was incredible night. [Music] [Applause] looks so much bigger and stronger as well here tonight, Rafity, doesn't he, Richie? He's doing nothing um spectacular, is he? Just working beyond his jab. There's a lovely right hand there, drawing the lead of his opponent, boxing well at range. That's not a bad little reply there from McMillan. Sharp right hand. Yeah, just a little bit too square on again, but he's he's having a go here, McMillan. Fair play to him. That's where he needs the head movement, Paul. If he's going forward, counter punching on his front foot, but he must move the head side to side, draw the lead from Rafa, then come back with those counters. [Applause] He does leave his chin slightly out there as a tempting proposition for an opponent. Does Rapati very smart and uh very often therefore not punished for it. But McMillan has found the target in a way to encourage himself to keep going. He does it again. And brilliant. This is a much better. See, there's the head movement. That's good there from him as he's coming forward. He's put it on Ravity this round, hasn't he? He's had some success here. McMillan's taken the risks and gamles. Gets caught there. But nevertheless, a better round from McMillan. Most definitely. Interesting development here. Let's go backstage now to hear from the one and only Derek Chazora. See offline [Music] stepping out. I'm do this all the time. Forget you're crossing the line. I'm telling you, you're stepping on the line. [Music] That is what we saw when he walked in this evening a couple of hours ago. And it's not the first time this week that the emotion attaching to this occasion has shown itself. I think we might see that look before too long though. Yeah, the realization that um you know he is coming to the end of the road. What a tremendous career he's had and um let's hope he goes out on a high here tonight. We shall see. An emotional Dora, but he's been great for British boxing. Reese McMillan had a good fourth round and how badly he needed it in this British and Commonwealth super lightweight title fight. Jack Gravity had cruised through the opening three. Steve Mock maybe has got that sixth sense about it. Remember going into the fourth he said don't think you've got it one just yet. So let's see how Raferty adjusts now. Richie see this is where the head movement's got to come into play. So he's had success in that last round because he went forward and he caught Rafity with some good shots. Rafity I don't think was expecting it but now he's starting to come forward more. Rafity is using his jab. That's why that that head now has got to keep moving as he's coming forward. I can see what he's trying to do, but you've got to try and draw the lead of the opponent with that style counter punching on that front foot and then go for it with the counters, but you really are taking risks. But fair play to him, Paul. He's had a bit of success and he's trying to carry on. Rafi quickly off the rope. Overall, not quite the volume of accurate punching that McMillan would require. I don't think [Applause] sharp right hand from Rafi. I actually think he he could be a left-handed orthodox boxer Paul. There seems to be more power in that lead hand of his than than the back hand. And that would probably explain he's only had the two knockouts. Um, and he doesn't carry a lot of power in that rear hand, but his lead hand is a lot more effective in my opinion. [Music] Gravity rising to the test so far in this fifth round. Back at it. Pretty smooth in most of his work. Pretty accurate. Yeah, he's back into a rhythm now, Paul, of just um going to mid to long range and just controlling the distance with that jab. And by doing that, he's also controlling the tempo. You got to remember it was McMillan who had a bit more success in that last round cuz he got up close. It was more short to mid range for McMillan. But now he's establishing that jab again, Raperty, and just boxing sensibly at range. And again, McMillan has got to move the head and close that gap again. He was the first to remind us all this week in the buildup. Jack Rafati, I am not looking beyond Rhys McMillan because if I make a mess of this, I go all the way back down. So many enticing opponents and opportunities should he come through in style. By and large, he is coming through. Okay. Yeah. Get right on his chest now. He doesn't like it when you put him back. All right. When he has a little bit of a blast, boy, you got to start working. Okay. You feeling all right? Look at me. You okay? Relax. Okay. Get on now. Start also. Okay. When you only got him on his back foot, you don't like him. Then he's [Music] spectacular setting here at the co-op live in Manchester. Our first taste of it on TNT Sports. We cannot wait for more. Great show here tonight and Jack Rafati is living up to the occasion in front of his home crowd in Manchester in this British and Commonwealth Super Lightweight title showdown against Rhys McMillan at least so far. Inter Richie in the McMillan corner. Bob Howard laid it out for McMillan. You have got to start getting on his chest and working harder. Yeah, get up close. Basically some good head movement there, but he's got to close that gap down. He's got to do it. As I said, head movement coming forward. That wasn't a bad shot from him. Rafetti has just established that jab again in that last round and he's just gained control of the contest again. So, this is going to be a test for Reese McMillan now. Can he get back to that successful boxing that we seen earlier when he was up close? But he's probably got to raise the tempo here, Paul, a little bit to get up close to to Raperty. Rafity seems to be controlling things very well mid to long range and he then he's in charge. But up close, then it's a different matter. And Mil McMillan certainly has um some success when he's up close. By and large tonight, a polished showing so far from Jack Rafé. Could he even be an improving fighter at this stage in his career? His own sights in terms of his ambitions raised following the victory over Henry Turner. That was a lovely body shot there from um Raperti. Little left hook and you can see McMillan just backs away. Yeah, he's felt that. He probably still feeling it as well, Paul. Those body shots really take their toll. That was a good shot indeed. The odd right hand to the head has found the mark for McMillan in this round. Not as successful as in round four. You understand just occasional reminders to Raferty. I think on other nights it's going to be a problem for Rafati Richie. As much as I'm enjoying this show, I think that's something they do need to think about as they go up. Yeah, maybe so, Paul. But at the moment now he's just raising raising turning the screw and raising the tempo himself here is rapidity. He's sensing that his opponent Reese McMillan is just fading a little bit and he's pouring it on a little bit downstairs with a good shot and there's that jab to the head. Super stuff again from Jack Rafi. [Applause] looking smooth. Rafae, he's looked confident from the get- go tonight and McMillan is under pressure right at the end of the round. Looks good from here. Let's take you up to the TNT Sports Studio now. And we're going to hear from Steve Bunson first, Carl Frampton. Carl. Two jabs. [Music] Start to the bottom. every time. [Music] And in Steve's opinion, a shut out so far. [Applause] And quite the showcase here tonight on this showcase night in his home city at the brand new shiny arena built beside the Manchester City football ground. Jack Rafé lifting spirits around here at the moment. Yeah, started this round quickly as well. Rafati. So he senses the victory here. Keeps looking for that left hook as well downstairs. Fair play to McMillan. Look biting down on that gum shield. It's all or nothing now for him. But there's another body shot from Raperti. That was a good punch indeed. And just slowed the pace. It's just slowed him down a little bit, hasn't it? Slowed his opponent down there. He felt that McMillan. I will echo Steve's view on it. There's just a sense now that Rafati thinks I can get the job done inside the distance tonight. [Applause] [Music] He's walking his man down with ruthless intent just now. Raferty [Applause] kept his chin down there, didn't he? Yeah, there's the body shot again. And McMillan feels it. I think he's even feeling the jabs coming his way at the moment, Richie. Yeah, I'm a brave kid. I mean, you got to give him He's got lots of bottle. Reese McMillan. No doubting that. Relentless gravity. Excellent right hand. The tower has come in and it's all over and he has dispatched Reese McMillan in the most ruthless fashion imaginable. Jack Raperty with a terrific win. Everything about that performance said a fighter who is going in an upward direction very quickly. Don't topple out the ring son. Enjoy your moment, but there's going to be another big fight for you. And he's learning, Paul, isn't he as he's going along here. Now, that was his 25th win. And there he just broke the opponent down. He didn't even at the end there didn't really rush his work. He set it up behind his jab, backed his man onto the ropes, targeted the body several times, and just broke his opponent down, but didn't rush things. He was very patient, and as Cole hit on the head there, measured. It was a measured performance. Good, I think, decision there from the the corner throwing the towel in. Most definitely. You got to give a lot of credit to Reese McMillan. Tough as they come and he gave everything he he that he had, but he just wasn't quite good enough tonight against Jack Raperty. [Applause] Him and his brother and his whole team celebrating an outstanding victory. [Applause] Yeah, superb. So he backs his opponent here up onto the ropes. McMillan still bravely coming forward. Gets caught with the shot there. Then he's in trouble. Another rightander. And there's the Bob Howard there just coming in throwing the towel at the referee. Listen, you know, he was actually shouting at him. He wanted him to stop it. But nevertheless, great right hand, but nothing rushed. As Carl said, measured performance and gets the job done. That's a good victory. He's learning as he's going along and uh yeah. That was tremendous. Just threw the threw the towel in and the referee cpped it. Everybody got the message eventually. Dalton Smith had a big win a couple of weeks ago. Adam Mazim has won only even more recently. Jack Catrol in this arena next week against Arnold Barbosza, Josh Taylor. Those are the men that Jack Rafati has in his sights and I think they need to be wary. This guy is an improver. And don't they love him here? What a night it is also for Steve Mlet, his lead trainer. Two outstanding victories for him. [Applause] [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 37 seconds of round number seven. The red corner retires their fighter and our referee in charge, Mark Bates, accepts their retirement. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout and still British Commonwealth and WBC International Silver Lightweight Champion Jack Demolition Manerty. Ladies and gentlemen, this mount is scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the Commonwealth Super Lightweight Championship brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season 32 Red, that prize guy and Uni Bet. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge Suzanne Pototts along with the Commonwealth Boxing Council, supervisor Debbie Down, Timekeeper Chris O' Conor. Our three judges assigned will be Howard Foster, Ron Kierney, and John Laam. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be Darren Sargentson. Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing white and green tartan trunks and weighed in officially at 139.1 lbs. Coming to us from Leeds, Yorkshire, England. He brings an undefeated record with 14 wins and three of those 14 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the undefeated challenger, Cory Orian. [Music] and his opponent across the ring in this championship contest. He is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes in the ring wearing pink with silver and weighed in officially at 139.12 lb. Hailing from Oldm, England, he is undefeated with 25 wins. 16 of those 25 wins coming by way of knockouts. Here is the current British and WBC International Silver Champion. And tonight, the reigning and defending Commonwealth Super Lightweight Champion, Jack the Demolition Man, Routine. [Applause] Fellas, you both know the rules. Keep it clean. Nothing low. Watch your heads. And when I say break, take a step back. Most importantly, defend yourself at all times. Best of luck, lads. Another clash of the unbeatens here on this stacked Queensbury debut show live on Done. Jack Rafetty defending his Commonwealth 10 belt against this guy Cory Orian. He's come up the quiet way and he takes his bow on the big stage. As Darren was saying, a swift southpaw. He's cool, but he is up at super lightweight. And Raperty Barry looks huge. He does. And what Rafy does against against big super lightweights is walk you down with pressure. That front foot gives that high guard nice and tight and just keeps working away. I think he's been a revelation against Henry Turn. He had to come from behind to get the win and tire him out. But against Ree McMillan, that was the most impressive performance because he started faster, looked really good. and you thought you know what he does nothing great but editing really really well and that's a sign of a quality fighter it's a good performance against Reese McMillan Henry Turner was winning almost every round but he got to him rapidity and that's what he does come forward pressure good basics really decent all round fighter he is and that fight against Turner is the one oan will try and take confidence from look he's a southpaw turner a southpaw and yeah for for lots of periods in that fight. He was he was getting that box. But can he sustain this kind of boxing when you got someone as Barry said, he's in your face. He's relentless. He's busy like Rakati first 12 round, let alone 10. He's only done the eight once, Adam. big big step up and exactly the tactics that Coran is trying from the opening round to utilize every inch of the canvas to try and get Ravity befuddled and confused with the southpaw style in and out and it's a positive start from the challenger. Yeah. And what you got to do is move you got to keep very mobile obviously of course but it's that spinning on the targets is the key. You got to keep turning. rapidity all the time. You must keep walking back. You keep stealing that space. Steal in that space. If you keep if you're making turn, make him spin all the time. He has to reset. And that gives you that those precious seconds to either take a rest or to land your own combinations. Sweet jab to the body from Coran. And a little combination as he gets some confidence early, which he will need after a fairly quiet rise up to 14 victories. But he's very talented. Matt Mlin Darren, who we know well, has told us for a long time that this kid is a bit special. Yeah. I've called a couple of his fights and I've been impressed with him. Very slick boxer. Tidy work. I expect a lot of what you just see there with the right hand to the body from Rapid. Targeted the body really well against Turner late in that fight. I think he's going to try and put a dent in this movement. And you do that by sinking shots into the body. That's a lovely lift to the body though from Orian. Yeah, wonderfully picked shot from Cory Organ who's definitely taken the play in this first round. Advantage to the man from Leeds, but a long long way to go. Scheduled for 12 rounds. One in the bank for Corrian. [Applause] A pretty good round. I'm happy with that. Yeah. Good. Little body drop down there. Yeah. Keep keep [Music] right hand down there. Straight back up. Slow down after a bit. Slow down as well. That's the number. Jack Raferty the 29year-old from Olden. The demolition man occasionally can be outboxed but finds a way. 25 professional wins on the spin since he turned over back in October 2017. And Barry, he's really got some steam, hasn't he? Up in the last 12 months. Rapidity. Oh, yeah. He's Yeah, he's been really good. I think, you know, his last fight again, he was really, really impressive. He thought this is a guy who might be able to go beyond British and Commonwealth level, but you know, and again, in the corner, there was no panic. You're making work hard. He's going to have to slow down sometimes. So, they know their tactics. to make you work hard. That's how he does his business. Make you work hard and as you slow down, he tries to increase the pace. Yeah. And it's not even with shots early on from Rapidity. He's still making you work with his feet. The pressure of Rean, he'll feel that presence that that the guy who's naturally a weight above. It really makes you work. Can he sustain this? This will all be in his plans. He would have thought this through Rafi that he would have to be patient. Can he remain disciplined? and he keep this going. But when you're a natural counter puncher, you fight that way anyway. You're always people always put you under pressure. So you get used to fighting someone else's rhythm. So it can be a little bit easier. You can maintain it. Flash flashy skills Barry from Cory Organ. But Raperty light on his feet and just pumping that jab out. He's going to try and trap Orian into corners deny him the space. I mean your heart almost broke for Henry Turner, didn't it? In their fight, it was so close. He was wonderful for so many rounds, but Rapidity wins the day. And that's the beauty of boxing. There's so many ways to win a fight. And that's why it's a 12 round fight because you it doesn't matter what you've done in the first 11 and a half rounds. If you can't finish get to the final bell, then the victory is not yours. I do think I'd like rather just throw that right hand right down the middle, right on the chest there of just to slowly down a little bit or make him think before he throws. Again, sometimes it's not always the movement. It's the thought process that ties you up. He's trying to spin him around a Rean and annoy him like a wasp just um buzzing and Raperty comes forward. But Rean started well here. Body shot from Rapidity was good. Need more of those to slow the legs of the man from leads. But certainly with a good start here now. Yeah, swift fleet footed movement. Really, really nice quick hands picking the moments well. That's a nice step to the right. But this, like I say, would would be what the team of Rafi himself would have been expecting. Lots of movement. Just buy your time. As we said, it's a marathon, not a sprint. But try and put a dent in Orian in these early rounds. So when it does go late, The tank is empty then you can find the shots a lot more easier. Body shot from Rafity but more work and accuracy from the fleeted southpaw corer Regan. Yeah, nice start for him then [Music] a little bit quicker and get out there a little bit. Keeping that jab left up on the right. Keep it there. Yeah, it's lovely work. Keep it there, buddy. That jab that jab long left up. Finish on the right. Yeah, he's open. So, as you touch him with that jab, he's leaving gaps all over. Okay. Take a deep breath already for him. Take a deep breath already. He's floating, mate. Is that too much? You can see his belly. Keep doing what you're doing. [Music] There's Callum Simpson. What a great fighter he is giving advice there to Coro Regan who's had a positive beginning to this Commonwealth Super Lightweight Challenge. The champion is Jack Rafity who's more mature and seasoned. They're the same age. They've come up down a different route and it makes for a good clash. It really does. Lots of question marks and they're they're the fights we enjoy watching like seeing the the answers unfold as a fight progresses. And the big one here is can Orian keep this going. Nice straight left hand straight down the middle. Lovely left hands there from pushy back with that one shot. Really fast, isn't he? The southpaw. He's in and out. He's putting combinations together. He's got a good boxing brain here. And Rafati has a puzzle in front of him to work out. He's used to coming back from behind, but he won't want to get too much confidence and into a real rhythm as the rounds tick by. Yeah, he's got his front foot and the inside of this southpaw start. I like to see him get around the outside of Orian's front foot and really whip that left to the body. And to be honest, even though he's pressuring the it's not it's not real menacing pressure. So still be able to box in his face here. But let's be honest, we thought the fight was going to start this way with being the the light naturally like the fight is still a lightweight. This twofold coming up in weight more speedier and faster on the hands and feet. But we don't know how difficult it has been for Rafity to come down to this weight. He has to pack it in. He's got those big broad shoulders. I mean looking for a clash. You'd have thought now that Queensbury and Matram are on to zone with Dalton Smith, European champion. That's a a crack of down the line, but he's got business in front of him here against this dangerous Cory Regan who's really boxing well. He landed a nice jab though, Rapidity inside there. It was a short shot, but yeah, generally the movement and the the shot selection from Orian's been class. A lovely block and counter there for with really good work. And then again just little turn. It was a massive spin but just a fraternal rapet. I really like watching. He's a a lovely technical boxer with good movement and that southpaw straight right hand from Rafity. A reminder and he's got power. 16 knockouts. So out of it. Just such a long way, isn't it? The championship rounds and Orian stepping up in weight and in level. Well, he's he's done eight rounds once I've said this a couple times. I thought he's done a 10 round. [Music] Oh, he's not down. He goes for and is going to do well to get out from there's the power of Jack. The bell's going to come any second but Darren Sard having a really good look. He allows it to go on rapy. Oh after the bell and he's all over the place here. Legs have gone for Coran. He took what he didn't need after the bell but he was down heavily and there's been problems in that red corner. Is a minute enough to recover from that? I'm not quite sure to be honest. What the the right hand that put him down? I think it was a shot right down as it was but when he got up to take another bar of shots there especially that one after the bell but he was in motion there rap to his to his defense that's going to be a real problem for him look at that just a short right hand again a lack of concentration just dropping the hands in close he's gone there damage to that right hand look short protect yourself at all times that was a heavy knock Oh, as he steps up there, Adam off the stool. You can't see it, but it looks very unsteady. Yeah, his legs are not looking strong here for Cory Regan. And Jack Rapid is going to pounce on him. Another right hand. I'm not sure he's going to get through this storm. Rean is on his bike, but he eats another shot from Raperty. And it's all proving a little match in the power department. The lightweight coming up and Raperty is a big puncher. Rap will keep an eye on here. A good effort. The problem is with Rean has hurt as easy. He can't even he can't hurt Rapert. He's landed a couple of good shots there. A nice left hand, but this is menacing the way he's walking forward. Rafi, but he doesn't dip as a lightweight gum shield. Referee is almost going to step in there. The gum shield will be replaced. But just have a look at Corer Rean. Should he be carrying on to be you got to give you got to give the the opportunity now. This here will give more time to recover. But I I think one real good shot here from Rafi referee will have to jump in. He's trying so bravely here. But Rapid just menacing, stalking him. And this difference in size and in power is coming to roost early in this championship fight. Yeah, the right hook really doing the damage again. There was another short shot went inside. You've got to be careful when he moves to the the left hand side. He's boxing really well though and steady as his legs and you're waiting for that big shot to land here for Rapid. But he hasn't landed yet. Well, he's just walking through it though. Rapidity with no worry about the power of Orian. There's body shots as well and he's trying to dance like he has done in the first corner of this fight. Orian blood from the nose. What a gritty effort getting up off the canvas when his eyes were gone. He's done fantastic in this round. Look at him. Brilliant work for him so far. Body shot as well. He's put it away from it from just waiting for that shot to land only from there. And I mean the pressure was really put on anyway. But this how you hurt and it's relentless now. It's these clubing shots these hooks. Still a Rean trying to get his feet going and his hands moving. Hats off to the team. the fitness of Kier Rean to get through this almost goes down again. It's a bit of a loss of balance as well and [Applause] he just keeps on coming rapidly even though he takes shots. Yeah, he can walk through him, can't he? He knows he can as well. Another short a lovely right hand and down he goes. No knock down call but he was hurt by that. 10 seconds left in the round. What are the corner going to do? Because this is really tough now. Right hands from Raperty and the bell again might save him. But it'll be fascinating to see what his team want to do here, Cory Regan, because he's in trouble. Real trouble. [Music] round. Let's get up to Cole to see what he's thinking about Coran at the moment. I mean, how how brave this kid is. Unbelievably brave. He may have actually won round four after a dreadful round three, but Jack Robert just kind of starting to turn this a wee bit. It's going to be so difficult for for Rean to stay in this fight just with the pace and the pressure that the bigger stronger man has applying. The kid's very very good very brave but he's up against it to stay in this one. Some good shots there. I think that may have been scored. Should have been scored in probably but can't doubt the kid's bravery. [Applause] Spot on from Cole there. You can't fault his bravery. He's up from his stool trying desperately. Coro Regan. How could he have eated out that fourth round after the huge knockdown in the third and he gets into the fifth Commonwealth Super Lightweight title on the line. Some action we're getting tonight. Really good. Can he keep this energy in his legs going with the pressure that Rapeti is putting him under? And also he's got to keep a high left hand because that right hook is doing damage. The left hook landing there. He took that. Wo Regan just means that his hands going hits Rean. Rean feels it cuz still his legs a little bit unsteady. So commit to an attack though. Keep it going. Force referee to step in and stop this fight. Another right hand from Raperty and blood pouring from the nose of a body shot. And again it's just the sustained attack from Raperty. Body shots. Organ tripped on the right and the natural side is really starting to show but again you you can't just spread it the heart and all of the body a little bit low that one but he's targeting everywhere body and head that one there. Look how close his feet are now to the targets here. Rafy not allowing any space to retreat. sinking these shots and thy delivered from Raperty. He just forces Arena back into his own corner. The courage of this leads man is absolutely astonishing here. Yeah, Har ling really up, but his body shots are hurtful. They're sickening. I know he's to bring him up for the meal as well. He's here [Music] [Applause] for all his lovely boxing. Cory Regan, can he hurt Jack Raerti? Because if he can't make a dent, this is just going to continue like this. Yeah. And the work to the body, he's just going to present more openings upstairs. The hands are going to drop. He's desperately trying to protect that body, leaving the chin wide open. Still trying to win the fight here. Fantastic work, isn't it? Even under his pressure, still look at the land scoring shots. You're right, Barry. He really is with the combination, but he found that shot there. And here comes Raperty again with another onslaught. And the t got in. Brave corner. Correct corner. That was it. Cory Rean was so so gritty. But Jack Rapidity, too strong, too relentless, defends his Commonwealth crown and makes it 26 victories in a row. And he's going to be hard to shift rapidity. Your heart goes out to Orian who did ever so well in pockets of that, but he just couldn't deal with the maturity and the power and the attitude of Rapity. Well, I'll start off by saying that's a brilliant call from the corner there. They gave their man a chance to get back in this contest when he was hurt, but that was enough. It was relentless from Rapid. He just looked massive. He looked powerful. He looked dangerous at all stages in that fight. The body shots were really starting to find a home. As I was saying, that started presenting opportunities upstairs. And the Jack Rapidity train glory train continues. Well, he's at this British Commonwealth level now. He hasn't gone the distance yet. He's absolutely fantastic. He just walks you down with a high guard, push pressure on you. But what was impressive in this fight, even though once he hurt with that short right hand, he got his feet closer. Didn't allow any escape routing to work the body well. And when he started bringing those shots up through the middle, then it looked like the end was was very, very near. And I think it was I agree with you Darren the the call from the corner. They gave their fighter every opportunity to stay in that fight to try and get the win back. Try and get his legs back. He couldn't do that. So they saved him for another day. That's not the that's not the fighter's call. That's always the corner's call to do that to save for another day. And they did that. But Rapid again, you just again stepping up the level showing that whether you're a good mover, whether you're a good boxer, his pressure, his strength, his maturity, and his variation can we wear you down. I thought that was brilliant corner work. It really was cuz Corio Regan was not going to quit. He was absolutely courageous to the end. But they have saved him for another day. Matt Mlin knew the risk up at super lightweight. It said it was an opportunity they couldn't turn down. But Jack Rafity proves why he's a beast at domestic level. And how much further can he take it? emotions entertaining and well done Jack Raperty and respect there from Coro Regan. Well, what about this for you on the zone the face of boxing back May the third Canelo tackling the undefeated William Skull for the undisputed super middleweight championship. An awesome fight night in Riad available to buy soon on the zone.com/boxing. Let's make it official. Jack Rapidity retaining its belt. Thomas Driver. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 26 seconds of round number five. The red corner retires their fighter and our referee in charge, Darren Sargentson, accepts their retirement. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout and steel, Commonwealth Super Lightweight Champion, Jack the Demolition Man, Refert. [Music]