Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the final press conference for Make or Break, a great night of championship boxing to be held this Saturday at the Ultringham Ice Dome in Ultringham, England. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, That Prize Guy, Global Next Trade, 32 Red, and Uni Bet. A big thanks to those great sponsors. Well, a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this great event will be shown live worldwide on the zone and limited tickets are still available. You can purchase them through iceaccount.co.uking. Let's now welcome the participants already seated. First from Morham, England, Nelson the sexy one. Burch from Colchester, Essex, England. Lewis Richardson [Applause] from Braado, Buenos, Idis, Argentina, Nicholas, Elmonio, Mugarusa. [Applause] from Liverpool, England, Jack Eliair Turner [Applause] from Leicester, England. And joining us shortly, Leon the Lion Woodstock from Manchester, England, Zack Miller. [Applause] from Portsmouth, Hampshire, England. Mark Chamberlain [Applause] from OldM, England, Jack the Demolition Man, Refert. [Applause] And now we hand things over to the host of this press conference, the very talented Deb Sonni. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Jack. Thanks, Zach. Lovely stuff. Uh, well, good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the final press conference. Oh, &gt;&gt; goodness me. There was one missing. Leon Woodstock is now here in a jumpsuit. Okay. Well, that's one half of the uh one of our brilliant fights on Saturday night. Leon Woodstock is here and we'll be speaking to him and Zach Miller very shortly, but uh welcome to the final press conference. A terrific night of championship boxing this Saturday live from the Alteringham Ice Dome on the global home of Boxing Done. Now, your main event is a mouthwatering collision in the super lightweight division. Jack Rafetty is uh well, he's in a terrific run of form right now. Unbeaten in 26 fights on a run of six consecutive stoppages. He's becoming a bit of a face in Manchester and he's the British and Commonwealth champion. But what awaits him on Saturday could well be the sternest test of his career so far. He defends his titles against the puncher from Portsmouth who not so long ago was lighting up Riad season shows, Mark Chamberlain. And Mark Chamberlain is carrying that knockout power, that 70% KO rate up from lightweight to super lightweight as he challenges on Saturday night. A win for either man and they move one step closer to the big time to world honors. A loss and it could be a long way back. So, as we head to the Ice Dome, who will keep their cool? Who will bring the heat? One thing's for sure, neither man can afford a slip up on Saturday night. Make sure you tune in live on the zone. This is make or break. As you can see, there's so much going on up here. We've got Olympic bronze medalists. We have fighters in jumpsuits. We've got so much to get through. I'm going to start with Nelson Burchill who is back and it's fight number nine for the man they call the sexy one. Uh Nelson, how you feeling about this one? I mean you your last fight, first round knockout, your career is going so well so far. How you feeling about this one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, good dev. Um feeling nice and strong. Had a good camp with the team. Uh ready to kick on now and get hopefully another stoppage and a nice victory. Now, I've got it on good authority from the Queensbury head of boxing that 12 domestic opponents have turned down fights with you, Nelson. What is going on? Why does no one want to fight you? &gt;&gt; People's got no bottle and they're absolute shitouses. &gt;&gt; So, why is that then, Nelson, in that case? What is it about you that has got the the featherweight division certainly at your level running scared, it would appear? Listen to me, I take as a compliment because I'm clearly doing something right for people to be turning me down. So, um I don't know. They'll have to uh they'll have to see on Saturday night why they're so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scared to get in the ring with me. &gt;&gt; I am curious though, your your view on the the featherweight fight, Commonwealth featherweight title fight between Zack Miller, the champion, and of course, Leon Woodstock. Your weight division. I'm sure you're keeping one eye on what's going on there. How are you seeing that one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen, I think it'll be a good little fight. Um, I don't see myself too far behind them. Only three three to four fights realistically away from them. Um, I wish both men good luck and best of luck to them. Hopefully I'll see them down the line. &gt;&gt; Have you got a pick? Who do you think's going to win? &gt;&gt; To be honest with you, I only focus on yourself to be honest. I wish both men best of luck. I don't much too much into it. &gt;&gt; Best of luck to you. Focus on yourself and we'll see you on Saturday night. Nelson Burchill. Ladies and gentlemen, give him a round of applause. What a what a lovely little little piece there from Nelson Burch. Okay, let's move to the Olympic bronze medalist. The only GB boxing Olympian from the Paris 2024 Olympics, Lewis Richardson. And Lewis, this is fight number two for you. Made your debut at Portman Road. It was quite quite a dream night it looked like. How was it for you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was um fantastic. Really, really great occasion. The weather weren't on our side, was it? But aside from that, it was yeah, certainly a memorable night. Had some obviously fantastic highlights as an amateur and um yeah, that kicked off the the pro career with another memorable night at Portman Road and excited to get fight number two in the bag. &gt;&gt; How are you finding that transition in the smaller gloves, etc., etc. How how are you find do you even remember your debut? I hear so many people say it just went like that. I think that was one of the things I was probably most proud of or I was impressing myself that I was really present um at the day like dur throughout the debut. Um had a fantastic camp leading into it. And I think where I'm diligent in my approaches in training and preparation, it allows me to to enter fight week and you know be as present as possible and and enjoy the moment. And I was um certainly able to do that for the debut and look to do that again on Saturday night. Do you feel any extra pressure with this this kind of you know the only GB boxing Olympian from Paris 2024 a lot of eyes on you whenever you do anything in a boxing ring. Do you feel that extra pressure scrutiny? &gt;&gt; Yeah, the the word pressure has been um mentioned quite a lot you know around around my name and off the back of what I achieved last year. But um of course they say pressure is privilege but also for me I just feel like it's it's a blessing. I'm I'm very grateful to be in the position I'm in. I've got a fantastic team around me, you know, fantastic promoters and um yeah, I just feel like I've got a a great platform to to springboard off and and really showcase my skills um to the world. But no is the answer. I don't feel the pressure. Um I think again it comes down to to me preparing the best the best that I can and know that you know come fight night the work's been done so it allows me to just just express myself and do what I do. &gt;&gt; A final one for you. you are in with Arto Sparta on on Saturday night. He's a bit of a a tough cookie. What What can we expect on Saturday? &gt;&gt; Yeah, another one of them tough cookies. Um, now you you'll see a few a few adjustments made. Um, obviously I'm in that transition period of my career. Um, transitioning from a, you know, I was amateur for a long time and and achieved, you know, some of some of the biggest things you can achieve as an amateur. Um, and we are in that transition period. I've been putting a lot of work in the gym and um you'll just see another clinical performance from me. Most importantly, you'll see you'll see a win, but um you probably Yeah, I'd like to like to think you'll see a few a few added sort of extras. Um I think it's all about adding to the game. I'd never really want to change. I wouldn't want to change what I do. It's it's led me to a lot of success and I believe, you know, I've got potential to to certainly go on and and win major titles. And what I would say is thanks um for positioning me on this table because we've got some lovely belts which uh is inspiring and motivating for me. So um yeah, you'll see another good performance and a good performance on the road to you know a successful career for for myself. &gt;&gt; Top man Lewis Richardson. We look forward to it Saturday night. The return and fight number two for Lewis Richardson. Okay, let's move to a uh fascinating fight. It's 11-0 versus 11-0. The WBA international title on the line. Jack Turner El Terrier, hard-hitting super flyweight, defends his crown against Nicholas Mugaruza. And Jack, I'm I'm going to start with you here because last time out it was supposed to be a step up against Ryan Farak. Bit of a li Liverpool derby. Could he take you to deep waters? And you just got him out of there in in a couple of rounds. I mean, you must be feeling so good right now in your career. Yeah. Um I'm feel Is this on you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm feeling good. Training's gone well. Camp's gone good. And I'm just looking forward to Saturday night. Um doing what I do best, knock people out and and that's what you're going to see on Saturday night, another big knockout. &gt;&gt; Your opponent is 11-0 as well, just like you. What's going to be the difference? What what what separates you two? getting knocked out. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's let's bring in Nicholas Mugaruza, who uh I would hope has translation available to him. Uh Nicholas, how are you feeling about this fight and what do you think about your opponent on Saturday? He said, "I'm ready for everything that's coming on Saturday. We've trained very, very well." He said, "I'm ready for 10 rounds and even 12 rounds if need be." He said, "I'm ready for anything that he brings on Saturday night. He said, "Yeah, because you'll probably fall down." &gt;&gt; He said, "Jack's obviously used to finishing the fight early, but this time it won't be the case." &gt;&gt; Okay. Jack, I I just want to ask you this. Um I I keep hearing great things about you. I heard uh Russ Adner, one one of your coaches, one of the the guys in your team, he talked about how he's seen so many smaller fighters over the years, and the only guy that he's seen with power like yours is Naoa Inaway. I mean, where does this power come from? &gt;&gt; Don't know. I'm just born with it. Just I hate people and they go over. So, just going to keep doing what I'm doing on Saturday night. Um, I'm going to knock this fell out. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. [Music] He said, "I I respect that. Obviously, he's got a lot of knockouts." He said, "But I'm more than ready for this fight and for this challenge, and I'm going to show him that he's not going to do that to me, and that I'll be forcing the knockout on him." &gt;&gt; Well, David, &gt;&gt; gotcha. Gotcha. Wow. Deja vu, ladies and gentlemen. I feel like I've been here before. Uh, best of luck. Best of luck, Jack Turner. Best of luck, uh, Nicola Marugu. Brilliant fight Saturday night. Super flyweight division. Both men predicting knockouts. and someone's O has got to go. Okay, let's move to this Commonwealth title fight. Uh the man who made a quite an entrance here today, Leon Woodstock, will be challenging Zack Miller for the Commonwealth title. And Leon, I'm going to start with you. Um because I've been waiting to speak to you. Tell us about the mentality heading into this. We did that face off and you talked about present. Talk to us through what's going through your head. Well, I've had to adopt a solitude mindset. When I was in the gym with my coach, he says, "You've always had these moments in these fights where you're doing the right things, you're doing this, but there's there's something missing." And sometimes we have a lot of noise going on in our heads, especially myself. So, I had to put myself into prison. Not physically, obviously. Mentally, I have to put myself in solitude so I can get what I need to do done. &gt;&gt; Zach, let's bring you in here. I mean, what what are you what are you thinking? &gt;&gt; No, I I understand the logic behind what Leon's had to do to get himself in the frame of mind, you know, in the camp and through the training and stuff. But Leon putting himself in that frame of mind isn't going to affect me. That's just doing what he needs to do for himself. That's not affecting me. whoever he's in putting himself in prison mentally or doing what he's doing that that's not affecting me. He's just putting himself I understand the logic behind what he's doing but that don't bother me. Zach Miller's just going to get in there and out and do what Zach Miller does. &gt;&gt; Leon, is this about the Commonwealth title? &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; Your seance out there. &gt;&gt; Knock me out. Really? Come on guys. Look at my resume. The fighters I've been in with. How many rounds I done with these guys? Not going to happen. I've seen your game, Zack. I see what you do. &gt;&gt; You're a runner. You're a holder. I ain't here to play no Tom and Jerry. That's what Turkey says in it about Tom and Jerry. I ain't here to do that. I'm here to fight. So, we'll see if you're about that. if you can stand there with me and go, which I highly doubt you can, but if you can, I rate you and I'll shake your hand because I don't I don't disrespect you. You're a good fighter. You're a good fighter. I wouldn't have this fight with you if he wasn't. And I respect your coach as well. But what will be will be. And the mindset and the mentality that I'm carrying into this ring is going to be something you've never witnessed in your life. What you've just said there though, you've just mentioned Turkey and Tom and Jeda. Now you turned up in a balaclava the other day. Now you've turned up like this. But but we're not in bur today. We're here. So is this just to get some attention off Turkey or something? &gt;&gt; This is me in solitude. This is a physical representation of where I am at right now. &gt;&gt; It's you. &gt;&gt; Here we go again. &gt;&gt; In the hotel, Double Tree by Manchester airport at a press. &gt;&gt; As I said before, it's my world. It's my reality. &gt;&gt; We're all in Leon's world, guys. and do it exactly how I want to and need to. And this is what it is. You do what you need to do. Leon. &gt;&gt; Leon, is is this a is this about more than just the Commonwealth title? Leon, is this about everything for you? &gt;&gt; For me, this is about me getting everything right. Because you again, you guys have seen my fights. Anytime I have lost, it's always been by falling short, only by a bit. Margins. When you fight at a higher level, this is what it comes down to, the percentages. And I haven't given myself the best chance, but for this fight and moving forward from here, I will be. You'll be seeing the best version of Leon Woodstock on Saturday night. &gt;&gt; Sack, let me ask you this. Leon Woodstock made a lot of noise when he was coming through a few years ago. Do you think he's still the fighter that he was then? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. I believe like he's just said then you're gonna get the best version of Leon Woodstock and that's why we've trained the way we've trained not underestimated no one never in my career. Leon's a good fighter of course I've seen Leon coming up seen him fight the likes of Zeli you know the catchy fight seen him fight for many many years and I think it's a great fight but I respect Leon as a fighter. I respect anyone who gets in there. That's why we've trained the way we've trained, you know, got in the gym, knuckled down, me and Jack, and we've done our thing, and yeah, I've left no stone unturned. He's mentioned a couple of times uh over the years he's fought a few guys, and sometimes they run they run from him. Um what's your plan in there on Saturday? What can you tell us? &gt;&gt; My plan is just get in there and do what I need to do to win. I've seen I've shown I can grit down. I can do the rounds. I can fight. I can get gritty. I can box. I can move. I can do a bit of everything. And if it falls down to doing a bit of everything, I'll have to, won't I? &gt;&gt; Just make sure you do that cuz again, I've watched your fights. You're a runner and a holder. So, we'll see what you do on the night. You can say what you want now, but when you got me in front of you and no one else in the ring with you, we'll see how your nervous system responds. &gt;&gt; See you Saturday. &gt;&gt; Okay. They will see each other on Saturday. Commonwealth Featherweight Championship on the line. Can't wait for that. Zack Miller defending that belt against Leon Woodstock. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right, let's move to this main event. As I mentioned, mouthwatering collision in the super lightweight division, Jack Rafetty. I'm gonna start with you, Jack. Taking on, of course, Mark Chamberlain and uh headlining at home on his own. It's all It's all happening for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you Dev. Thank you everyone being here for the um look there the Rafa show. Um I'm very privileged to be headlining live on his own under Queenbury Promotions. Bit of a pinch me moment, but I know why it's a pinch me moment because I've worked hard to get in this position &gt;&gt; and he you Mark Chamberlain's had that kind of taste of the big time. You've seen him on these Riad season shows. He's been doing very very well. Do you think he's as hungry as you are? &gt;&gt; Uh no, I don't think no one is. Um, like you said, he's been there, done that, he's been on the big shows, you know, he's had a taste of Wembley. Um, I think it's his main his first headlining show like myself. So, listen, it's going to be a good Mark Chamberlain, but this is going to be a demolition jacket. &gt;&gt; We've seen Mark Chamberlain dropped in his one defeat. He was dropped by Josh Padley. Uh, statistically on paper, he doesn't look to have the power that you have. Do you take confidence from that? You can take something from it if you want but you got to look at the other 99% what he's done well to get there before that after that winning making himself a good name at lightweight I think he were pushing on to good things so he'd be pushing on or trying to push on to good things at super lightweight trying to take these titles off me you see this hard work here what I've put in to get myself in this position sat where I am on the table but these belts around me waist um that won't be happening Saturday night &gt;&gt; let me bring you in Mark I mean it's it's been a a whirlwind 18 months for you, but you must be desperate for victory on Saturday to get back to that trajectory that you were on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Um, trained hard for it. Um, definitely more hungrier than ever for it. And, uh, second headline. Um, &gt;&gt; sorry about that. &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, just just excited for Saturday night really. &gt;&gt; What are your advantages in this fight? &gt;&gt; I can't say too much. &gt;&gt; Do you need to say anything? No, just on Saturday night, uh, expect an explosive fight between the pair of us because Styles make fights, Jack's explosive comes forward and I'll be the same and I certainly won't be doing what the previous opponents have done and that's hit and run and then knack her out after a few rounds and then they get caught up with Jack. So, just expect a war. &gt;&gt; Sounds like he's coming for a fight, Jack. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's coming for it. They all have. They've all tried it. Emry tried it. Massive underdog against Emmery. Um, people say he might been boxing me head off for six rounds. So that that's cool. But I know what I've got in the tank. I know what I'm made of. Um, yeah, I I prepared well for Mark. I know what he's about. Um, but Jack Raf out and still. &gt;&gt; Mark, I've asked you before uh if you you know, the show's called Make or Break. I put it to you. Do you see this as as make or break? And you you said not really. I I can come back kind of thing. What are your thoughts right now? Is it make or break for Mark Chamberlain? No, I mean it will be the making of me come Saturday night, that's for sure. Um, but the make or break title I think is a bit irrelevant. So, I said I'm 26 years old. I haven't got a million miles on the clock. And, um, yeah, just truly believe that Saturday night will be a victory win for me. &gt;&gt; Is it make or break for you, J? &gt;&gt; No, it's break or be broken. Um, listen, it's uh, it's like I said, it's the Jet Rafy show. We're all there for me. see my name there on the top. Um, you know, I'm ready for it. Like I said, his break, I'll be broken and Jack will be doing that. &gt;&gt; Well, you are the demolition man. When you look across here, are you just looking at the next guy you're going to demolish? &gt;&gt; It's No, it's not just that. The the demolish comes if uh the um Clark Works passes it, Steve passes it. But, um, you know, listen, I've I've done everything. I don't know what um Mark's done to me coach because he's put me he's put me through it. And uh you know I think see he's got a bit of a be in his bonnet about it. I don't know what it is. You know listen I've got a problem with Mark. Yeah he's trying to take me to the tabs off me but apart from that um yeah he's got a massive be in his bonnet with Mike. &gt;&gt; Mark 26 have tried and 26 have failed to beat Jack Rafi. What makes you so different? What have you got that they haven't? &gt;&gt; We'll see on Saturday night just uh when the first bell goes and then we'll play it from there. &gt;&gt; You're heading into the lion's den as well. There'll be a lot of fan support for Jack Rafy and Zack Miller as well. I'm not sure you've been in those circumstances yet in your professional career. Correct me if I'm wrong, but how are you feeling about that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I obviously I knew what I was signing myself up for for this fight. I'm don't expect it to be down in Portsmouth because I'm not the champion. So Jack's earned his spot in his back garden, if you want to say. And this is the challenge that I want. I want big fights. I don't want to be in boxing to have an opponent put towards me and then me say, "Oh, no, I don't want to fight him." I just believe if you want to be a champion, you got to beat a champion. And if that's coming to Manchester and Jacks back garden, then that will be &gt;&gt; you as hungry as he as he is. &gt;&gt; More hungry. &gt;&gt; He's starving. Must be. &gt;&gt; Can't be as hungry as me. I've worked hard for this. This is um is like I said, as good as they look there, it's just hard work that and um you know, I'll be taking them on with me and putting them back where they should be. &gt;&gt; All right, [Applause] &gt;&gt; final thing, Jack. Just tell Mark what's going to happen on Saturday, please. &gt;&gt; Trouble Saturday, mate. Let's have it. &gt;&gt; Okie do. See you Saturday. [Applause]