Kind: captions Language: en Jack Rafity, the demolition man. How are you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, great. Yourself? &gt;&gt; Very good. Look at these. &gt;&gt; Yeah, me pride and joys um defending them again on 23rd of August. &gt;&gt; Do you ever get sick and tired of looking at them? &gt;&gt; No, definitely not. No, I get sick and tired of me misses, but definitely not these. &gt;&gt; Uh it's Mark Chamberlain next. Um now we sat you and him next to each other at a press conference before. You had a you know a good fight in front of you. He had a sort of a comeback fight and you didn't really get into it. you were both like got this man in front of me and we'll see. But now that he is in front of you, like what can you tell me about this fight? What you thinking? &gt;&gt; It's a massive fight. Yeah, like I said, we paid our respects. We had a a job to do. He had a job to do on his opponent. I had a job to do on my opponent. You know, I wasn't overlooking Ree McMillan. Um them fights have gone now. And luckily enough, we're both under Frank's roof and Frank's got this sorted. Massive fight. first headlining show on his own uh defending the British comealth titles um against a great opponent. &gt;&gt; How good is he for you? &gt;&gt; Maybe it's me toughest opponent and I believe it's Mark's toughest opponent got beyond me game. Um I know what he's about. I think he'll know what I'm about. Um been in preparation for him for a bit now. Um like I said, it's it's a it's going to be a good Mark Chamberlain. People are going to say, "Where does he go after this?" He he might think that um if he if he doesn't beat me. So I think that will dig something else out of him and you know it will be the best outfit on that night and it'll be the best Mark Chamberlain on that night as well. &gt;&gt; The show's called Make or Break. Is that sort of apt for you? &gt;&gt; Um it's break or be broken I think uh in my favor. Like I said there no disrespect to Mark. I know what he is. Um a minor loss in his record. No disrespect to Josh Padley, but would the best Mark Chamberlain on that night beat um Josh Padley? You know, that's a question. Did he take his foot off the ball? Did he, you know, all these would a could of shoulders. But yeah, so it's that loss of forgot about of Marks. It's about this fight what's on the 23rd of August. I know what it's going to be. I know what I've got to do. I know what Mark's going to bring. Um and it's going to set out to be a great fight. &gt;&gt; So you're not reading into that Padley loss. You think that was just it wasn't Mark Chamberlain in there? &gt;&gt; No, definitely not. What about the other 99% of the stuff what he done good? &gt;&gt; You know, oh, he's lost against him. He should have beat. All right. Okay, that's fine. But he's done a lot of other good stuff as well and is he is good. So, you know, it's all right looking at that and you know, if that helps you sleep at night thinking he'd been beat off Josh Padley, but Josh Padley turned up that night, done what he had to do, forget that. He done other great things. he done, you know, big tall uh southpaw lad with a, you know, a bit of thunder in his hands. Um, he's going to come come up against a good J. Like I said, you know, forget that loss what he's done. He's done other good things. So, I'm concentrating on them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, he he said obviously, you know, he uh it wasn't him in there and he knows he can do better and uh he had an off night ultimately, &gt;&gt; but you haven't had an off night yet, have you. &gt;&gt; No, you can't. You can't do um listen, I've I've come from paying for opponents, small low shows, you know, luckily enough returner took the fight. Em, you know, that was the start of me and um I've done everything asked and I'm not letting this slip now. Um I've got to shine again against an even better opponent like first headlining show on his own under Frank, you know, big things are next for the winner and I want them. &gt;&gt; You've been sparring Henry Turner as well, haven't you? How's that kind of reuniting with him? It's um yeah, it's good. Yeah, I've had some top sparring. Listen, I've been like I said, I know I know what Mark's about. I've put the work in. Having Henry down, um you know, in preparation for Mark. Yeah, some good rounds yesterday. You pay for to watch the the fight. You paid to watch that yesterday. &gt;&gt; It was a great fight and you did soak up quite a few shots for me anyway going going into the the later rounds where ultimately you caught up to it. Do you think you can afford to soak up those kind of shots against March? &gt;&gt; No, definitely not. You can't. You can't. It shouldn't be. You can't. It's about hitting not getting it. &gt;&gt; Sometimes you have to take a few to to get in there. But no, I don't want to get punched off eB. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? He can punch. I don't, you know, no good little gloves. Um, no, I don't I don't want to be taking them, you know, if I get round them and before him or after him, that's what that's what what be do. But if I have to take a couple getting in there, I'll be taking a couple getting in there as well. But this is a new Jack Rafety, it sounds like. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Uh, it's not it's not new. I want what's next. Um, you know, the losers soon forgot about, you know, it's all right. You being in the spotlight and the winner stays on and all that. Yeah. Well, the winner stays on then. I want to stay on. I, you know, if Frank can put me on another good show or even headline again, but I've got to show what I'm about and I will be showing what I'm about on 23rd of August. &gt;&gt; Do you fear losing? Not losing, getting scared of getting beat for not doing the right things. If you lose against a better man that you know nothing else I could have done, that's cool. You know, in a way, you know what what else could he have done? But getting beat when you should have when you should have won, you know, that maybe. But try you. Listen, I've tried processing it. Can't scared me. So, I've got to train even harder for it. Got to, you know, do the things what the extra bits you got to do all the hard work. You know, ease training just as hard as you. So, can I train harder? and it gets you out of bed and it gets you working hard because you know I won't be losing. &gt;&gt; What is driving you at the moment then? &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; is it is it is it money you you &gt;&gt; No, definitely not. So I'm not not I'm still minus after this fight, you know. I'm still miles down, you know, luckily enough to me sponsor and all that what keep me afloat, but no, it's not money. It's the it's the dedication and you know the the path what boxing's given me. Um and you know, making me mom proud. You know, I believe I'm on this earth to make my mom and dad proud. And that's, you know, that's what that's what I'm here to do. Being a good lad, doing what's supposed to in the gym, good day at a time, training hard, and the rest will come. &gt;&gt; So, you take a lot into the ring with you. You go into these fights and you've got this the money is one thing that's going to come, you know, but there's this making your parents proud and making, I guess, proving yourself right as well, proving them right. &gt;&gt; Got to make all these sacrifices worthwhile. I'm away from home. Don't see me misses for God knows how long. You know, I'm excluded excluded from normal life. Don't see me dad all the time. I'm in the gym working hard. You got to make them s, you know, once your hands raised them not being not going see my mom's grave, not going see my nephews, not going doing, you know, normal things, what normal people do, what are called normal, it's all forgotten about when your hands raised. So, you know, I've got to do all these hard things and all these sacrifices and make them pay off. It sounds like it's going to take a lot to beat you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Um, I work hard. I work hard for this and I I want it. I really want it. Like I said, I've I've come from now, you know, in in in a boxing sense. Come from nothing. Small shows paying for me opponents, you know. I can't let this slip now. I can't I've worked too hard for it and I'm going to carry on working hard for it until I've achieved what I want to achieve out of boxing. You know, like I said, I'm not not in this for the money cuz I'm, like I said, it's going to take some paydays to get me back on level. Um, you know, I'm here for, you know, for a good life, hopefully what it will give me and, um, make my mom and dad proud. &gt;&gt; What did you think of Mark Chamberlain at the point where he was getting on all these Saudi shows and, you know, he would have been making some good money there. I think he was driving around in very fast cars going to Dubai and and whatnot. What were you making of that? Do you know what? I've not made much of it. Um, you know, like you said to them paydays and all these big shows and you know what is it for? What does it actually do? Is it you know pumping your ego up or you know is it like nah this is meant this I want to carry on. Let's carry on working hard for it. And that's what that's what I do. Listen all that's forgot about that Mark Shamlin loss that whatever he's doing outside the gym. Listen, I I know what Mark's going to come. He's going to be he don't want to lose now. He's going to be the best Mark Chamberlain and uh you know I'll be capitalizing and getting me hand raised. &gt;&gt; I think you've knocked out six in a row. Is that right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; So demolition just like relentless demolitions. Are you expecting another demolition job? &gt;&gt; Um listen, I don't go for the knockouts. You know, if I do what I'm supposed to do, me hard work, listening to Steve, them knockouts come. You can't go in there expecting to blast them out because you're going to &gt;&gt; surely you expect it now. Now that you you've got 17 of of 26 so far, six in a row. &gt;&gt; I I tried knocking them out at first and they don't come. Them knockouts don't if you want to knock someone out then knockouts don't come. Um by doing the simple stuff them knockouts will come. Um the little the simple simple simple simple and then knockouts will come. But now I'm not going in there to blast Mark out. I know what it's about. He can he can bl you know if I go in to blast him out. He could blast me out. He's got thunder in his hands as well. So no, I'm going to listen to Steve. do what I'm supposed to do and that stoppage will come. &gt;&gt; How good is it to be on the show with Zack and your your headlining and he's he's coming through as well. He's now a Queensbury fighter as well. Like it must be a good thing class. Um yeah, it's brilliant. We've worked hard for it, you know, finding them best parliament. I see him and he sees me more than he's misses and my misses. You know, it's class. We do the same things every day. We train hard. We work hard and um we're going to put that finest boxing gym. Not like he's been off the map, but we've had Terry Flanigan, five time WBO world champion. Um Steve's been to the pinnacle of boxing. You know, he's put a lot of work into us. Slowly paying him back now. And um you know that fight, you know, they know they know what we're going to be about. Um like I said, fighting me best pal main event, co main event, you know. Yeah, it's times are good. &gt;&gt; How do you think he's going to get on against Leon Woodstock? Good fight, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I reckon. Listen, he's got he's he's banging hard at the minute. He's throwing big shots, you know, he's sparring top people, um, some great sparring partners and what what he's doing to them, he's unbelievable. He's got fun in his hands at the minute. He's fast, he's sharp, and, uh, you know, he's coming to his ear a game. Um, that Zach Miller what's turned up and just as much as me. We've worked hard for it and u we'll be turning up that night. &gt;&gt; Okay. You going to bring the heat to the uh the ice stone? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, we're going to have to cuz it's absolutely freezing, isn't it? &gt;&gt; I keep hearing terrible. &gt;&gt; We've got Yeah, we've got some portable heaters and um yeah, me and Zach, we're warming the place up. and shows that will with his uh his ring war tune anyway. I don't know what it will be, but that that'll be getting it lively, but no, we'll be turning up that night and um we'll make oursel proud and everyone else proud. It's going to be a packed arena. Um what is it? Around two and a half two and a half thousand. I think it's sold out. I think there's there's no tickets left. So, &gt;&gt; in a in a small place with a lot of people, it's going to be a big night. I think there's a third of us between me and that we sold a couple of tickets, fair few tickets. So, it's going to be a noisy army there. And um now we'll be paying them back, paying oursel back and um making oursel proud that night. Best luck. Cheers.