Kind: captions Language: en After 14 years and 319 days, no promoter backing, no shortcuts, just pure self-belief and not going away, this man became world champion. Jazza Dickens, how are you? &gt;&gt; I'm very good. Yourself? &gt;&gt; I'm very good. How did you do that? How did you become world champion after all of all of that time? &gt;&gt; Just persistence there. I have a I have a um a belief that God has a um plan for me in life and just sticking to it, you know. had a lot of love for my parents pushed me in the right direction and um yeah I just believe that I had something inside me which not everyone could see at the time but I think it's a good lesson for anyone who is watching you should believe in yourself more than anyone you know compliments the nice but then when um you get insults if you let that get to you just stick stick to what you believe in and see through it &gt;&gt; it is quite incredible the the resolve that you had and and the reason I know that date and the number of days is cuz cuz you put it out you you counted right and you made a point to tell people I've got here without really anyone backing me to do it other than you know God and your parents and whatnot. &gt;&gt; That's a bit selfish of me to say. I didn't mean it literally. You know what I mean? Because there's a lot of good people who help me and he has been along the way, you know? So, it's that's not like literally. I'm just &gt;&gt; You never been a star boy with a promoter or anything like that, right? &gt;&gt; No, I don't know why. I'm not asking for it. You know what I mean? When people say, um, you haven't had your flowers, but then you see who's giving the flowers out, you think, off, don't want them, you know? So, that's just the way it is there. But um I no one can take it away from me. I feel like I've got a little bit of reason to say what I want now in boxing. You know what I mean? To the powers that be to people who would like to back me. But then again, I've always had the chip on me shoulder and um probably a even a little bit more now. A bit like um two fingers up, you know. &gt;&gt; That's interesting, right? Cuz you say you've always had the chip on your shoulder and now maybe even more so. So you are world champion, but I do see you on Twitter like, "Oh, they've left me off that graphic." Oh. Oh, box. By the way, I am the world champion kind of thing. So, do you need that chip on your shoulder? &gt;&gt; Who knows, Dev? Who knows? Me starting position in life, that was my um default. And I know I don't live that way anymore. Nor should I because I've got um the most powerful God guiding me. But um yeah, maybe I don't know. Maybe that's what I need to get out of bed every morning. That's what I need to provide my family. Maybe that's the way that works. Maybe that's the way that got me out of the darkness. But who knows that. What's the difference between James Dickens and Jazza Dickens? &gt;&gt; No difference, you know. Call me what you wanted. You know, it's um there's some fighters going into the fight with the altered ego and all that, don't they? You could live on now like jazz around. But no, it's just um I think I think that comes from an inferior mindset me. I think um I don't even need a name, do I? Two fighters fights, put two animals in a cage, watch who comes out first. I don't think he needs a name in boxing, you know. I don't call myself Jazz, do I? I'm just me. So, like that's just what you call me. &gt;&gt; The reason I I brought that up is cuz I've heard you talk about how someone at a press conference called you James and you're like &gt;&gt; Ryan Walsh. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you were like, you cheeky. What are you calling me? This is Jazzer here. So that that's why I asked like what what's the difference kind of thing. For me in my head it was like oh Jazza is the the fight mode and James is like your mom calls you James kind of thing. But &gt;&gt; yeah well I don't know who would call me James. No one calls me James. school teachers, but authority really that's who they call me James. All me friends call me Jazzer. So I think Ryan was saying it more of a respectful thing, you know, but I don't know. Don't know why, but it didn't really but maybe it did, you know. I don't know. I don't know. Why did I have that reaction? I don't know. I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. You're great. This is the first time that we've properly met and but I do feel like I've known you cuz I I I subscribe to your YouTube channel. I I follow that. You're you're you love your social media, don't you, Jazzy? You're always on there. YouTube videos, Instagram, Tik Tok. &gt;&gt; I try my best to get on there because I think that you've got to you can't and and also you've got you're lucky enough to have sponsors endorsements who are backing you, you know, and you have to also play your part too, you know. I've got a good social media following, so I have to get on there as well and um do my part. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I feel like there's cuz I've heard you say there's part of you that's like I'm a grown man kind of thing, but like you have to do it. You have to do it. But we're like when you're filming yourself training and stuff, you do kind of it doesn't sit well with you. &gt;&gt; How old are you, Claire? &gt;&gt; I am older than you. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, from our generation, that's not a thing, is it? YouTube channels, you see it as the youngsters doing. It's only the kids. Yeah. What's he doing? Who's he talking to? Well, it's only him on his own. You know what I mean? I won't do no YouTube when I'm around anyone. Like, if I was to do it around me or what mates, they laugh at me, you know what I mean? What are you doing there? You know what I mean? So, I just do when I'm on me. But, um, I don't know. maybe to different generations, but what I do like about Queensberry boxing, Frank is also from a generation well beyond me. And &gt;&gt; I think he also does respect fighters for being good fighters, you know, cuz it takes away it does take away if you you can't be the best YouTuber in the world and the best boxer, the two full-time jobs. So, &gt;&gt; I think Frank does appreciate that. And he's not forcing fighters, he grows fighters, he builds them up and he doesn't put that pressure on the fighters to um, you know, to be YouTube stars, if you will. &gt;&gt; Yeah, fair enough. And you you are now a Queensbury signing. You are world champion. You are backed by by Frank Warren by Queensbury. This is a it must be a good time to be Jazza Dickens right now. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Like what does it mean? I mean ultimately what does it mean? Like I've gone home to me family. That's a good time to be dad. You know what I mean? Jazz Dickens. Like it's just like you say it's just another name in it. I love fighting. I love to fight. I love to say it's nice to get your teeth into big fights. No big camps and stuff like that. They only do 8 week still eight and a half weeks out. I'm like, "Oh, when can I start? When can I start?" But no, I've got it all back cuz I'll be too fit if I don't. So, um yeah, it's good to have these big nights and like people say about great compliments about since the people in Ireland here, Dublin, I don't know if you followed the Dublin um the culture of boxing, but they talk about the great nights getting the point with &gt;&gt; with um with the old fighters, man. And then they were the best days. I know Katy Taylor's brought boxing back here. Gary Curry was they almost brought it back to Ireland when I was here and I was sleeping out there in a van just at the side of the um stadium of a weekend. I used to think well I have a fight in there and now to say I'm bringing it back to Dublin. It's a pleasure cuz I feel like scousers and Irish people with the same people. Well, we are we have the same um heritage, don't we? And um so yeah, it's a pleasure. It's an absolute pleasure for me to bring him back to Dublin and I'm happy for the Dublin people. The lad you can get on you and the car it's amazing. Yeah. And that is an incredible subplot to this because &gt;&gt; it is sort of a homecoming for you of sorts because yeah, you did used to park a caravan out there and live in that caravan, right? &gt;&gt; Just a box of a var with a bender back. Call it what you want. You know what I mean? But yeah, that's what I lived in when I live when I signed out here in Zublin. It was hard obviously living in a car in um a van. But then the next day I'd get out the van and I go in the gym and I get a shower in the morning and I'd see the Zublin people, the best people in the world. You know what I mean? And he kept me here for so long. I had a great time here with Peter Taylor and I loved every second. We had a great gym. We had a fantastic gym at the time. Sean Mcome, Gary Cully, Sharon Kelly, Paul Ryan, slow to go fighters, Lucila, missing a good few out there by the way. But it was a fantastic time to be a part of Irish boxing and I'm so so proud and honored that I can boxing back to here and it's just only half an hour away on a plane from for my own Liverpool people. Do you feel like a proper world champion? &gt;&gt; Well, that's the thing in it. What does that feel like? You know, like um what what does it feel like? What's it supposed to feel like? And I think when I was a kid, I asked Carro, I was in the Great Britain team and Krock came in and he's WBC world champion. And I said to him, K, what does it feel like? And he went it was all right. I thought, what does that mean? You know, come on, give me a bit. Give me a bit. You know what I mean? Let me know how it feels. And later on in life, me our manager Tony Belly, what's if we like to? And he said the same thing. He said basically, it's great jazz. It'll be worth everything that you do. But don't expect life to change. You know what I mean? What does he mean? What does he mean? And when when I got it myself, it was like um every day you still wake up, you still drink the same coffee, you know what I mean? Everything is the same. But then again, at the same time, when you go to bed at night, you don't have to have them regrets. Will I ever be? Will I ever be? If that makes it, you can just relax a little bit more. Not insane because obviously it gets harder, &gt;&gt; a tougher opponent, but you can just relax then and say like &gt;&gt; I don't want to have that pressure on me. You know what I mean? And I would say to the youngsters who are also dreaming to be in the same position I'm now in. Is that everything that you imagine it's going to be it is that and more. If that makes sense. At the same time, nothing changes. But then again, it is everything and more. That little bit of pride inside the fight. That's such a good answer cuz I feel it's so honest cuz it's like it's it has changed your life but it sort of hasn't as well at the same time. I love that. Does it feel like a weight's been lifted off you? &gt;&gt; The pressure. Yeah, I feel um it's I'm trying to choose me words carefully because you see like I'm not trying to say the eye of the tiger is gone, but there's a contentment there knowing for the first time in me life of being able to do things that I couldn't do with me kids before because it was like no no I can't do this. I have to go to the gym or I have to go away. And just that pressure that rat race of getting and getting here and getting there it's like I'm here I no matter what happens now no one can take it away from me. I can do what I want and like I said before, I can say what I want. I can be who I want. You know what I mean? Maybe I'll be a Maybe I am a Dev, you know, find out. &gt;&gt; I don't think you are, by the way. I don't think he is. I'm sure you don't think he is either. Um, Anthony Kaki. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Ireland's only ever world super featherweight champion. And he's looking to do that all over again &gt;&gt; against you. He's a he's a great fighter, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I'm going by his record. I've not not seen him fight. and know the fighters he's beat. To beat them fighters, he have to be here. So yeah, I give him the respect that he deserves 100%. I have to be the best version of me and he has to be the best version of him. But yeah, 100%. And I see him as a man, as a champion, what he done for Belfast. Hopefully the same thing that I feel like I can do for Liverpool right now in this situation. The kids from my community and my area can say if Jazz has done it, I can do it cuz he doesn't be no bra. He doesn't give it the big. He's just Anto. You can tell that he's just a people's champion. It's beautiful to see Dev. It's it's absolutely beautiful to see it and I was staying near at the time when he did become world champion and I could see the lads from up north and all that how happy and inspired he was and I seen I thought what a man what what a what a champion. So I said to him there when I seen him before this is a pleasure for me to share the ring with you. Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; so no bl bad bad blood then at the press I know not going to be any &gt;&gt; how could they dev how could you mean how could they &gt;&gt; could you just for me &gt;&gt; some if you like &gt;&gt; let's have some fun out there you couldn't could you like he's a champion you can't you can't um &gt;&gt; I can't tarnish his character I can't point no fingers at him he's just a champion you know what I mean &gt;&gt; 100% I've been a fight like this before with like Ryan Walsh and I don't need no bad blood it's going to a good fight. It going to sell out because it's a good fight on me. &gt;&gt; Um he says it's going to come down to who wants it more and he is absolutely adamant he will want this more than you will. &gt;&gt; Did you ask me a question? &gt;&gt; Can you derive one from what I've said? &gt;&gt; I can like Well, I don't need to do it. Just after watching fire out, you know. &gt;&gt; How much are you looking forward to the atmosphere on that night? St. Patty's Day weekend. It's it's a big one. &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. And it doesn't get much bigger than that. No, it doesn't. It doesn't get much bigger than that. I couldn't I couldn't imagine it in me wildest dreams. I couldn't imagine. I went out the other day onto Everton's foot football pitch to the new hounds with me belts. Me and me dad. It was like, Dad, where we've come from in life to this position right now, it's unbelievable. Just living in God's grace right now, T. And um any day now, it's like, is this bubble going to burst? You know what I mean? God, thank you so much. If it does burst tomorrow, today, whatever, burst in the next hour, then God, thank you for giving me this. You know what I mean? I'm just living on cloud n right now, Dev. So, I'm not even trying to make it last. I'm just grateful to God for today and today. So, good. &gt;&gt; Do you do you know what I love about what you said there? You went Everton like that. That's a great thing. Took your belt there. Amazing. Dad's there by your side. I know how important he has been in your not just your career, your entire life. So, it must be nice seeing a certain smile, certain look in his eye now that you're a world champion as well. &gt;&gt; Well, I see this is one thing I'm big on this because you see the way these youngsters are now with the YouTube and the generations changed a little bit and I don't mean to sound like I'm back in my day. I'm an old man blah blah blah, but I don't see the the respect there like and even the fans watching nowadays there is like you see likes of Connor Ben, Mickey, God bless him and his son and the Chris Eubanks Jr. the pressure they would have to be to live up to their dad, but the people say, "You never be your dad. You never be a dad." These kids are looking up to their dad as their idol. And it's like they're living in in the best days of their life. And people are just putting them down. You know what I mean? What I'm what my point is here is the best thing to do, I believe, is to make your parents proud, not to sit on a on a press conference and throw something at someone and get loads of views. And where's the integrity in that? I believe a world champion should have on it and respect and respect to your parents and to make your parents proud is the best thing a man can do. I believe that and your parents and your kids and your bed and your family and all that. I just believe that's more important than views and likes and that's my belief anyway. And to share it with me dad it's it's a special day. &gt;&gt; I would make you right. And the reason like your dad's in my mind is I watched that Knockout Scousers that that was the first time you ever appeared on my radar years and years ago and then I watched it back the other night and he speaks so highly of you and all that and it talks about your story and how you got through those early days in particular. I I'll I'll never know. But like well done. Like it's amazing where you are compared to where you were and you had to you had to almost like try and fit in at school and you knew your life was different to the other kids. It's amazing, Jazz. &gt;&gt; Thank you, De. I appreciate that. Yeah, thank you. &gt;&gt; So, what will a win mean? &gt;&gt; Same as it always means, dev. The fear of losing is well worse and the pain of losing is well worse than the the joy of winning. And sometimes you get on the cycle and you go, am I fighting not to lose or am I just trying to win? You know what I mean? I hate to lose. It's the worst thing in the world. Especially as a fighter because we're so emotionally attached to our egos and our our career and our livelihood and our identity, you know, we just hate to lose them. So, yeah, getting me arm raised in the points arena, three arena will be a special night for me. Best of luck, Jess. Thank you Zir.