Kind: captions Language: en Jazza Dickens, good afternoon. Usually when we start these interviews and we say your journey to get here was you beat this guy, this guy, this guy, and we talk about the career path of the fight. &gt;&gt; I got battered off everyone on the way, didn't I? &gt;&gt; Your journey here involved flying planes, trains, planes, and automobiles. How How are we here, Jazza? Tell us the story of how you got to the place. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a map on getting here. Like, we're in Dubai now. People think it's bombs going off everywhere. That's just the social media. So, it's quite safe. But there's no planes flying out of there. So, we have to travel from Dubai, 3 hours to the border on our man, wait 3 hours there, then another 2 or 3 hours after man. Um, from the border to Muscat, stay overnight. The next day, got to the airport. Every plane was cancelled because we was business class. They said, "There's a flight leaving right now. You can get on it." So, we got on that one. We just about made it. We were the last people there. Our baggage didn't even make it onto the plane and then um we went to Turkey connection flight from Turkey. Must have been two days traveling then we came to Dublin. The next day our bags came. So yeah, two days traveling but we got here in the end. &gt;&gt; Tell us the story that of the video that we've seen of you flying the plane. How how's that come about? &gt;&gt; Oh that [laughter] unders I haven't got a plane license so I can't go into that one. [laughter] Don't want to get myself nicked or grass on myself. No, that was years ago. That was me mate Tom took me for a he was um taking pilot lessons. I didn't know you could do that and he took me with him. I had a little jockey jockey in the plane and yeah that was a a regurgitated video. &gt;&gt; We spoiled the magic. Maybe [laughter] maybe um either way hook or by crook. You've come the long way around but you're here and it's it's great that you're here because it's a hell of a fight on Saturday night. Jazza Dickens Anto Kakati. What a fight that is. &gt;&gt; I'm so excited. Very very excited. I lived here in Zublin. Dublin seems to me like a feels like I'm home when I'm here. When I'm in Dubai, they treat me like a king. When I'm in Dublin, it seems like family. I love being back here. It's an amazing place. The people here are special just like us scououses. And um so many scouts are going to be coming over here. So, I'm very excited to be fighting in what I consider as my second home. &gt;&gt; We spoke last night briefly at your face off outside the arena. Uh and I said to you, it's very friendly at the moment. It's very professional, but ultimately at some point that will have to end. When it when it does end, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; what kind of fight happens in the ring? &gt;&gt; Well, then when we throw the first dig, you know, I don't think it um I feel that way towards Anto. I don't feel nothing bad, no malice, nothing like that. I think it takes a lot of experience. He is the same to be able to be that civil with somebody who, you know, you're going to have going to go to war with them. You know that. Um I know and he knows. We're not going there to make mates, you know what I mean? But we can have respect for each other. And that's one thing I think boxing is lacking these days. Respect the respect of um the youngsters coming up. They think they need to be brash and arrogant and disrespectful. I don't believe in that. I like the way the way it was. Don't know if it'll ever get back to that. Don't know if my generation, me and so are the last of that kind, but um I like it that way. &gt;&gt; What is What is he good at? &gt;&gt; Everything in the ring. &gt;&gt; Everything. He's good at most things. Uh, I wouldn't say he's exceptional in some areas like and he's not bad in no areas. He's good at everything and that's what makes world class fighters fighters who can do everything. He can do a little bit of everything. &gt;&gt; Have you seen things then? And I appreciate you may not want to go into detail, but have you seen things from his last few performances that you think I can exploit that there as a whole? on the video, on the tape I have um based around what I think I can do and how it matches my style. Yes. But then when you get in there, timing, the speed, timing, accuracy, um distance, all these things play a factor. So sometimes they don't work and sometimes you throw something that you never thought would lands on a fighter and it does it does work like that. So you have to just be careful, have a look and um figure it out on the fly. That's what good fighters do. If Anto's sitting there right now and I say to him, "How do you beat Jazza Dickens?" What do you think he's going to say? &gt;&gt; That's on him. I don't really want to. I'm just thinking about myself, you know. I don't know. It's my question. That is it. &gt;&gt; It is. It is. &gt;&gt; I don't think fighters think like that. I think we think about ourselves and how we're going to approach the fight. &gt;&gt; Fair play. Fair play. What happens at the end of the fight? How does it how does it all end? I get me arm raised and still and um go on to my next venture. That's what I do. I search the world for opponents, fighters, and um yeah, that's just how it ends. &gt;&gt; Maybe we see you driving a train. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Maybe. You never know. I haven't got me train license at the minute, but you never know. &gt;&gt; Maybe you have a friend who's learning to drive trains. Jazza Dickens. Uh great character. Can't wait for Saturday night. Look forward to it. All the best. Thank you lots.