Kind: captions Language: en Jermaine Franklin, welcome to Manchester. Welcome to the magnificent seven fight week is here. It was delayed the first time, but now we're on and rolling. How you feeling? I'm feeling good. I'm ready to go. You were you had the opportunity to see Moses face-to-face yesterday at the basketball game. How did it feel looking at him, seeing him one-to-one? Uh it felt good. I mean, I've already seen him a couple times, so you know, I don't know. Like once I'm ready to fight, I'm just ready to fight. Uh all the extras don't really matter at that point in time. You you've been in this scenario many a time now. Fight week coming. You've seen a lot of big opponents in front in front of you. You've You've seen a lot and heard a lot in the sport, but there is a lot of excitement around Moses Ituma. Does that affect your mind, your mental state going into a fight when you know there's &gt;&gt; That doesn't bother me at all. Yeah, that doesn't bother me at all. I I really just don't like the disrespect from reporters and stuff like that, but outside of that, it doesn't bother me at all. How do you Let me Let me just press you on that if you don't mind. What what When you say the disrespect from reporters, how do you They keep saying the test Like I'm a real fight. I'm I'm nobody's test. Oh, so it's almost like they're disrespecting what you bring to the table. You're here You're here to win, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and when when you get asked questions like that I hope I have not done that, but when you when you get asked questions like that, does that almost motivate you even more cuz you're coming to someone else's country and they're almost looking at you as the test. I'm going to show you that that I'm more than that. No, I mean, I I get motivation from just me and my team, you know, working out, believing in what we could do, so I don't really need outside sources of motivation. I mean, it gives me a little fire, but I feel more insulted than anything. The main The main times people on these shows certainly will have seen you is obviously your two fights against other Brits over here. Anthony Joshua, mega star name when I mean, still has been his whole career, but when you fought a big name Dillian Whyte, huge name again on the domestic scene. How does Moses compare to those two guys to you? Um I don't know. I haven't seen enough of Moses to really answer that. Um but you know, everybody here is hyping him up, so I I guess he's on that caliber of opponent. What kind of fight do you see playing out? Because all these reporters that you're you're referring to, that they will be, I assume, going down the route of this is going to be another Moses knockout coming in. But But what kind of fight do you envision on Saturday? Um I envision a fight ending with me getting my hand raised, but I'm prepared to go to war. I'm prepared for anything that happens inside that ring. What does it do for your status in the UK as as Jermaine Franklin as a name? If you beat Moses Ituma, the guy who you know, on these shows everyone is saying has this big future. But you beat him in his country. I think it just raises me to to be what I already believe I am. You want to go for the the titles and up at the top of the &gt;&gt; Yeah. I want any world champion after this. The heavyweight division is is absolutely bouncing right now. There's there's big fight after big fight after big fight. Do you allow yourself to keep an eye across those big fights and Well, I try to watch as much as I can, but you know, boxing is global right now, so time differences is kind of hard to keep up with, but um Yeah, I try to I'm just I'm a fan of the game, so I like to watch as much as I can. Do you Do you allow yourself to think of what happens after Moses? Do you have You want to beat Moses and then and then go on to Like I said, world championship. After this, I'm I'm seeking the title. So you'll be I mean, I mean, the obviously the the main one is is Usyk given what he has Anyone of them. Doesn't matter. Just whoever has the belt. Yeah, whoever got the world championship. Let's bring it back to to the Moses fight then this Saturday. He's He does have a a good record of getting people people out there early. What happens if he tries to do that to you, to Jermaine Franklin? If he comes at you in one round, two round, he's looking to That's not going to happen. I have a good I have a a good way of making people change their style of fighting, so I'm not I'm not worried about getting clipped or getting stopped or anything like that. Um you know, I I have um a good way of taking people's game plan away from them. Do you think maybe your experience will help help play play well play a pretty big part in your final Saturday? &gt;&gt; I mean, I think I think experience in anything plays a a pretty big part in in depending on what you do, but yes, I I've been in late fights, you know, I know how the body reacts in late game situations, so I think it gives me a bit of advantage. How long have you How long have you been aware of Moses? Um I've been aware of him for a little while, but I I really I met him before I knew about his like career status as a boxer. Sparring with Fabio, so Okay. You didn't spar him. No. No. Um what do you think of him as a fighter? When you watch his previous fights, do you do you rate him? Yeah. I like him. I think he's a good fighter. Do you think you can stop him on Saturday? How? Do you think you can stop him on Saturday? Yeah, that's that's the goal. That's the plan. I like I like that I and this is not meant in a negative way. I like that you're you're very comfortable and very confident and you're not here to as you say just just be be a challenge. You're here to win. I really like that. I think it makes for a great final Saturday. Jermaine, we we really look forward to seeing it. Yes, sir. Ready. Yeah, tune in for the war. Thank you, Jermaine.