Kind: captions Language: en Well, it's Tuesday afternoon here in London, and I'm having a cup of tea with one of the best heavyweights in the world today. Joseph Parker, how are you, sir? Good for you, sir. Good. Yeah, remember I showed you this little finger? Lovely. Um Joe, lis- listen, great to see you. Big fight week coming up. &gt;&gt; Uh this camp, I mean, you've been training and training and training, but this time you've been training with knowing there's going to be a first bell, there's going to be a fella that you're going to be fighting. What difference does that make? &gt;&gt; You know, I was in New Zealand training with George Lockhart, and it's nice to train and and build, you know, muscular and aerobic capacity, and there's so many things that we can work on. But, when you have a a target and a date and an opponent, it changes everything. Um excitement, you're looking forward to you actually putting in more work or good quality work. And uh I've been in Ireland for, say, 6-7 weeks training with Andy Lee, George Lockhart. Been there with the team. And um I'm excited. I'm very excited. I'm looking forward to this final weekend. I'm looking forward to seeing what he brings. Fabio Wardley. And I want to say him and his team because he's got a team behind him and the game plan they're working on. So, I'm looking forward to seeing what they what they bring and the challenges that they um have me face, you know. What difference does it make knowing that it is him? He's a very unique kind of fighter. I'm not sure there's many other fighters like him. He sort of created his own style, big heavy hands as well. Knowing that those hands are waiting for you on Saturday night, what difference does that make for you mentally and physically for this fight? You know, like his style, I know he hasn't had the the big amateur career that uh that a lot of us have had. I wouldn't say mine was big as well, but I say and and that um you know, when you have a fighter with all that experience, sometimes you can see what they're going to do. Mhm. You know, and you can sort of predict how they're going to fight. &gt;&gt; him. You can't really predict him. He's Yeah, unpredictable because of the I guess the the lack of obviously amateur experience, but he's he's sort of developed his own style. It's not really like anyone else, you know. So, how do you go about beating someone like that where he may he may not even know what he's going to do. Yeah. How do you beat someone like that? &gt;&gt; him. Just go in there and smash him and, you know, take care of business. The way I know I can. So, this camp, you've had your your family, your your daughters, everyone's been there as well. So, a lovely picture on your Instagram story last night of your daughters all watching you sort of train. Now, I liken that or or I compare it to when I spoke to Tyson Fury before his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk. &gt;&gt; Yes. And he said that he hadn't spoken to his family for like 3 months, complete silence. You've taken your family in. Tell me about why that is because I guess the idea of not having them there is so that it doesn't soften you. But you've put them in. I brought them in. I Well, for me, a lot of fighters treat camp very differently. Uh like a lot of fighters like to go away from their families and isolate themselves, and maybe that's where they find strength. And they find that they need to be away from their families to to focus. Whereas, I like to have my family close to me. I like to have them close that I can have a hard day's of training and I can go and see them and relax and enjoy time with them. Like the time goes real quick. And we have to make the most of time of every aspect in life. Family, training, but whatever it is. So, I felt I felt like this I feel like I have the best of both worlds in camp. I got my training team and my training house. 5-6 minutes up the road, I got the family, and I can see them every day. And I feel that's been key. It's been very important to me. I If I can continue to do this after Saturday night for the next camps, I will. Yeah, cuz I remember in the before the Joe Joyce fight, we were working together on that fight. I remember I came to see you in in Tyson Fury's gym. You did like a a cool FaceTime call with your children as well. So, that must have been difficult at that time. So, this is much better for you. &gt;&gt; This is way better. And uh it's a ble- it's a blessing to be able to travel together as a family. Not only explore other parts of the world, but be here together for camp. On this side of the world, they they're currently in Ireland at the moment. They're flying here today. Mhm. So, I'll get to see them later today, but it's uh again, blessed. And uh the camp has been um amazing in in all fronts and all aspects, you know. So, Fabio Wardley made it very clear at the launch press conference that he is not uh a 30-stone Martin Bakole, he's not a 15-stone Deontay Wilder, and he's not a 40-plus in age Zhilei Zhang. What did you make of these &gt;&gt; comments? Did he Did he say that? Smart man. &gt;&gt; Uh he I listen, he's comparing uh himself to the last three opponents I've had. Um and each listen, each fight and each opponent brings different challenges and different things to prepare for. Uh so, even though he's not a Zhang or a Bakole or a Wilder, he brings his own threat and his own challenges, but I'm ready for him whatever he's going to bring. I know I am. How How do you think he would have done against those opponents? Out of uh not too sure. You know, it's hard to say. Um listen, it's easy for me to say, you know, he'll he'll lose to him. But you never know. Like Fabio Wardley does bring uh challenges that could be, you know, in his favor against any of those fighters. At at some point, the experience gap has to pay, right? It has to It has to show. &gt;&gt; pay. The experience gap and uh in his career and my career, it will show. Is that the key, then? You've just been doing it longer. I Listen, it doesn't even if you've been in the game longer, um it doesn't really mean that you're more experienced. But I I feel like with all the fights that I've had and the change in training and enjoying my work, and I feel like I'm only coming into my prime now. I do feel like uh you know, that having all that experience and then finding what works is going to be the the big factor in this in this fight. He's never lost a fight. As a pro and as a white-collar fighter, the former EAD E won all of them. So, he doesn't know what it's like to taste defeat. &gt;&gt; He doesn't know. Is that an advantage or a disadvantage for Fabio Wardley? Uh depends how he takes it. I mean, as an undefeated fighter, you got that sort of invincible attitude. Like nothing's going to beat me, no nothing's going to hurt me, I am the man. You know, I'm undefeated. But for some for someone who like myself who's had defeats in my career, I I would see that as all learning, and it's gotten me to where I am today. Why do you think he struggled in his fight with Justis Huni and the first fight with Frazer Clarke? Listen, I wouldn't say I wouldn't look too much into that last fight with Justis Huni. I know he struggled against him. &gt;&gt; been looking into it. &gt;&gt; I know. Listen, I know he struggled with him, but I'm not going to just look at that last fight. I'm going to look at the last three, four, five fights. You know, sometimes a fighter can have a bad day in the office. Was that a bad day in the office or was Justis Huni just better than their boxing? Who knows? Time will tell. The fight this weekend will tell. And you're expecting to smash him. I'm expecting to smash him and win and then go home and go swim in my swimming pool. What did you make of Michael Offord's comments at the launch press conference where he said that that team is already 1-0 up because Dillian Whyte beat you? 1-0 up? Dillian Whyte though back in 2018, I'm a different fighter. If If even if you even if Fabio Wardley went to Dillian Whyte to get advice or to get some sort of confidence boost, he can't. It's It's It'll be It'll be a trap because it's I'm a different fighter. I'm a different fighter, I'm a different person. And the that old me is If I look back at the the person who fought before, like what were you doing? To the fighter that I am now and the way that I train, the way that I approach fights, the way that I live the life. Just everything, you know. You're dangerous. I've said this to you before. You're dangerous because you've fallen in love with the process now. It's changed everything, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Love the process. Love training every day. Love waking up. Love eating. Love the fasting. Love everything about camp. What about Oleksandr Usyk, then? Because you have spoken to him in the ring after he beat Daniel Dubois. You have made a music video with Shania Twain, which I loved, by the way. It's fantastic. But these things haven't worked in terms of securing a fight with Oleksandr Usyk. Will a stunning knockout win over Fabio Wardley secure you a fight with Oleksandr Usyk? &gt;&gt; win or a great performance or just winning the fight doesn't secure It doesn't secure anyone a fight with Oleksandr Usyk. It's really up to Oleksandr Usyk what he's going to do. And I guess if the WBO uh mandates it, then I guess it's a different story or if he gets stripped or whatever if he's forced to take the fight, but you know, Usyk is there, and that's everyo- who everyone wants to fight. But for now, I don't even want to think about him. Let me ask you one more on him, though. If you were him, would you fight Joseph Parker? Uh If I was him, I I listen, it's different because I want to fight everyone. It doesn't matter who they are. I just want to fight the top fighters in the world. And I listen, Usyk is he's proven. He unified on his speed and cruised away, did the same in heavyweight. He's fought all the top fighters in heavyweight, but I would love the opportunity to fight him. If I can get through Fabio Lee or when I do get through Fabio Lee. See, I don't think you answered me, though, whether or not you'd take the fight if you were him. Uh if I was him, not sure. Probably not cuz do I fight Joseph Parker? He's a dangerous fighter and and get this much money or do I fight someone else and get this much money, you know? It is fascinating. I mean, the division right now, how it all it all plays out. &gt;&gt; There's so many things that can happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But, the only thing that matters now to me is This is you. &gt;&gt; this guy in front of me. Controlling the controllables, the story of Joseph Parker. &gt;&gt; Going out there on fight night and just You're scaring me. Scaring me. Oh, jeez. Uh Listen, one final thing. It is called all or nothing. For me, it feels more like it's all or nothing for you. It's for him. You agree? Yeah. I feel like if he loses If he loses, he can he can climb back. He can climb back, you know? If I lose, then it's it's a different ball game altogether. I've already You go down the ladder, then you have to try and climb I don't even know if I have that many years left to to climb back again. So, for me, this is it. This is the fight. This is a must. And I will. This is what they'll say, Joe. If you do fall off the ladder, they'll say that's four losses now. Too far now. Too far. He's He's He's done. With Fabio, they'll say he's 30, he'll come again. He's done so well to get this far. But, it's a different kind of pressure on you. Compared to like I've heard you talk about the Wilder fight. Wilder fight, you could go in there, you could have fun because it was all on him. Yeah. But, I'm a realist though, like I I know I need to win this fight. Say you lose the fight. I don't even care about what people say cuz you know what? Their opinions mean nothing. What matters is what you believe in and what you know you can do. So, even if you lost the fight, like look at Usyk. How many fights has he lost? 10? Yeah, more more than that, I think. &gt;&gt; And he's still, you know, operating at the top level. Yeah. It's crazy. It is crazy. Joe, wonderful speaking to you. I'll speak to you for the rest of the week and I wish you the best. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Let's do a cheers with the cheers with the cheers with the little finger.