Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, this is the co-featured attraction tonight presented by Riyadh Season and the General Entertainment Authority with Frank Warren for Queensberry Promotions, Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing, Bob Arum's Top Rank Incorporated, Gold Star Promotions, Ben Shalom for Boxer Promotions, and Sela sponsored by the Saudi Tourism Authority, Saudi National Bank, STC, Dr. Sulaiman Al Habib Medical Group, Saudi Airlines, Noon, Murabba Development Company, Peronia, Hunger Station, Lucid Motors, and Altanfeethi. Special thanks, ladies and gentlemen, to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud. His Royal Highness, Prince Mohammed bin Salman, and the chairman of the General Entertainment Authority, His Excellency Turki Alalshikh. Sanctioned by the WBO President Gustavo Olivieri, supervised ringside by the British Boxing Board of Control, steward in charge Matt Harris. The three judges scoring from England, Howard Foster, from Australia, Adam Height, and from the United States, Don Trella. In charge of the action at the bell inside the ring, world championship veteran referee Steve Gray. And now, from the ANB Arena, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, a special attraction, 12 rounds of boxing for the interim WBO heavyweight championship of the world. INTRODUCING FIRST, fighting out of the blue corner, the challenger, wearing blue and red, official weight 310 lb. His professional record in 22 bouts, 21 victories including 16 wins by knockout, only one defeat. He currently holds the WBO International Heavyweight Championship. That title not on the line tonight. He is the heavyweight fighting pride of all Africa from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He is the WBO number two ranked heavyweight in the world, MARTIN BAKOLE [Applause] AND ACROSS THE RING, HIS OPPONENT fighting out of the red corner, wearing red with black, official weight 267 lb. As a professional, 38 fights, 35 victories, 23 wins by knockout with three defeats. From South Auckland, New Zealand, he is the reigning WBO interim heavyweight champion, former heavyweight champion of Joseph Parker, he is Joseph Parker. Okay, boys, on the cold break, expect us to take a step back. No deliberate punches on the back of the head. You take yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck, fellas. Plenty of respect between the two. They've sparred together. This is extraordinary. It's bizarre. It's mad. But yes, Martin Bakole is fresh in from the Congo. How fresh? No one's even talked about the time difference or his sleep. Who knows? But he believes he will knock out Joseph Parker tonight. And Parker bravely said yes after Dubois' illness. And the 33-year-old from New Zealand, who's had a full, hard camp, is ripped and ready to defend his WBO interim belt in this battle a peculiar matchup. Yeah, it is indeed. What we've seen already from Joseph Parker, it's quite a few feints. I expect lots of this to try and empty the tank that way, mentally drain the fight from Bakole. Look at the size of Martin Bakole, huge. Look at the size of Parker. For for Parker, by the way, he's massive. He is massive. Weighing in at 269 lb. Put on so much bulk. He has great strength. Remember preparing for Dubois, got to be careful of Bakole's swinging shots early. The way he marched down Jared Anderson in his best performance last summer. But how many rounds has he really got in him? The consensus is that Bakole's going to get him out there early, otherwise he can't continue. And I understand that. But no one's really thought about Parker getting him out early. And looking at the shape of him now, the size of Parker, I think if he lands with a big right hand over the top, as strong as Bakole has been, if he ain't fit, he might be in trouble. Well, I think this will be the the target area for Parker, the body with the straight shots. Then he can work back upstairs. But in doing that with the straight shots, you are open to the uppercut. And we see against Anderson how devastatingly he throws that shot. Just a bit wild there with that looping left hand there, Parker. And he walked onto a jab, and he's just blinking a little bit. Again, he's really heavy-handed, Martin Bakole. Oh, the natural strength and power of Bakole, and the way he sort of effortlessly throws the shots from different angles. And he whipped that hook in. Looks like he has brought some speed with him from the Congo. Well, his timing is good. It's always always has been good. Without the energy that he that he never really showed in his career, even really speed is not really his friend. But his timing is very, very good. And that's why he you know, when he walks it he slowly walks up to you, but he somehow still catches you with that uppercut. Just times it very well. Parker's on a great run, won his last five since that knockout defeat to Joe Joyce. But he's uh come right back. And that relationship he's got with Andy Lee is brilliant. And Andy will try and guide him through these early rounds. And his stamina is better now than it was back then. Let's not remember that. I know that was a hard hard grueling fight, but his stamina is a lot, lot better now. Yeah, it's incredible to think he's only 30 Joseph Parker. Seems like he's been around forever. But what he has gained in that time is tons of experience. Got to be careful of those uppercuts. Was stopped by Joe Joyce and floored a couple of times by Zhilei Zhang before he beat him on points. So, needs to be very careful of the Bakole power. [Applause] [Music] Fighters, 10 seconds. Joseph Parker's corner, Andy Lee, trains in Ireland, has a big family back home in New Zealand, father of five, Joe Parker. One of the nicest guys in the business, isn't he? &gt;&gt; is. He's in such a good place with his team that you alluded to, George Lockhart, Andy Lee, the experience that he has. Look at the size of his legs, his thighs. George Lockhart has worked so hard on the conditioning. What of the condition of Martin Bakole? Billy Nelson is ever in the corner, who trains him up in Scotland. But he hasn't had that privilege before this one. But Bakole's one of these guys who spars a lot, and he might just be ready for this. He He's just got with with Joseph Parker, he's just got to be just not make many silly mistakes. He's jumped in a few times, and he got clipped. So, you've got to do that, but don't get too greedy. You just think, you know, I can let this go a few rounds, and he's going to be he should wear it out. He should tire out. Big right hand from Parker to the body. But a bit of blood to the nose of the New Zealander, man. And Bakole's just trying to walk him down, march forward. You don't want to fight with him. I just just punch, keep moving, punch, keep moving. And for Bakole, just stop being a little more positive with that jab. Try and when you're walking him down, just be even pouring that jab out. Just stabbing the nose again, Parker. Yeah, he's really trying to impose that size now, isn't he? Really walking forward. But I like how he throws the right hand, Joseph Parker. Takes his head off the line to the left. Really whips in the right hand, looking for the left hook then. He doesn't want to be there though with those uppercuts. Body shot from Bakole was a A one. Left hand. He just felt that, Parker. Oh, and again. Yeah, there was an uppercut before it as well. They lifted his head up. That time in the last 3 weeks ago in London, Martin Bakole, he said he was going to fight AJ, knock him out in four. Dubois would last two, and Usyk he'd give him six. A good shot there from Parker. [Applause] See, Parker's got to start loosening up here. Otherwise, he'll be the one gassing out. It's turning into a real fight. OH! OH! OH! OH! NICE! WHAT A SHOT FROM JOSEPH PARKER! AND HE WAS BEFUDDLED, AND HE'S DOWN! AND I'M NOT SURE HE'S GOING TO MAKE THIS COUNT, MARTIN BAKOLE. JUST ABOUT. HE GETS BACK TO HIS CORNER. BILLY NELSON BILLY NELSON'S CALLED IT OUT. ALL OVER. INSIDE TWO. JOSEPH PARKER does get the job done, and he does it by stoppage. Martin Bakole halted. 48 hours he gets here, but he didn't deliver for long. Wow! Parker does it in style. What a shot! And that's the power he now possesses. Wow. Um we said this was going to be a bit of a war, a shootout, and in the end Joseph Parker's the one that brought the bigger gun to the war. Incredible. I'm frustrated. I just told someone Bakole can't just walk him down like that cuz he could that heavyweight punch is different. We just saw it. I get it. He hasn't been, you know, camp, hasn't been training hard, you know, all those sorts of things. But those are irresponsible things that no fighter should ever do in the ring. Yeah, I agree. Billy Nelson decided to wave it off. I think there was only about 20 seconds left in that round. Did he get it right? I I don't agree with it. However, that's his coach. Coach is like a dad. Second thing closer to you to a family member. He knew something that we didn't know, I'm sure, and it happened. Eubank Jr. versus Conor Benn. Big one, this one. April 26th, Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The first one was billed as born rivals. This one, born hatred. I mean, these two do not like each other. Fantastic fight, that one. 26th of April, live from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. That man in the ring, though, a lot of credit to him. Here is the shot. [Music] Big shot right there. Massive shot. Top of the head. Messes with the equilibrium. &gt;&gt; It looked like he ate it at first, and then it just it he fell apart. Now, when you talk about training, here's the thing. When you've got the the lung capacity, oxygen goes to the brain, it gets there quick enough, and he wouldn't have had that sort of might not have had that sort of reaction to that punch right there had he been training. So, yes, this is that's one of the downfalls of taking a short notice fight. &gt;&gt; How damaging a defeat for Bakole? I know people are going to say it was only a couple of days, but he was ON A DRAMATIC TRAJECTORY. HE WAS THE BOOGEYMAN of the division. All of a sudden, he's been knocked out in two rounds. How damaging a defeat for Bakole now? &gt;&gt; what he's got to do. He's got to lose some weight. He's got to come back, and he's got to show himself to be who he was against Jared Anderson. If he doesn't do that in his next fight out, then hit this is damaging. This is very damaging. There was a fight scheduled against Filip Hrgović for May 3rd in New York. Does that still happen? Uh he's on a 30-day 30-day suspension, at least. Could be Could be longer than that, so I think if anything, that that fight is delayed now. Uh but I think that fight should still happen for for Bakole. You know, you made a point about the size of him. Obviously, look, this one's coming late notice. He's 310 lb for this one. Yeah. But 284 for Jared Anderson before that, 299 against Carlos Takam. Does he need to look at that? Do we need to start taking this seriously now and get to a weight which is more healthy for him? A more healthy walk around weight, at least. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, he's he's 33 years old, so he's not a grandpa yet. However, with the size, the the the structure that he has at his size, he can't afford to get 300 plus because it'll be hard for him to take off, and you know, what heavyweight likes to work that hard, you know? I can see Spencer Brown in the ring, Frank Warren. All of them look very, very happy, as does obviously Joseph Parker. Let's get the official decision with Michael Buffer. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 2 minutes, 17 seconds of round number two. The winner by knockout victory, still the WBO interim heavyweight world champion, Lupesolia'i La'auli O Le Malieataua, Big Joseph Parker! [Applause] I guess with that kind of performance, a lot of what if, right? What if it was Daniel Dubois in there? And maybe that's something that needs to be revisited very, very quickly next. Congratulations to that man, Joseph Parker, on a run now. I mean, that run does say Zhilei Zhang, it says Deontay Wilder, and now you can add the name Martin Bakole to that as well. Let's see