Kind: captions Language: en Right, I am with Joseph Parker. Joseph, when did you when did you get in? &gt;&gt; I arrived in from New Zealand this morning. It's nice to be here. Do you want It's always good to be at these big fights, to be part of it all, and to watch it up close. I think it's going to be a great fight. &gt;&gt; Obviously, you fought on a few of these Riad season um cars. Are you itching to get on on another one? &gt;&gt; You know, ever since the last fight in February with Martin Bakoli, I've been drumming away trying to get a fight. I'll fight anyone and everyone just if if I'm not fighting, it's just nice to be to be amongst it all, you know, but I'm ready to go whenever they can give me a fight. &gt;&gt; Obviously, there's a few big big hitting heavyweights on the on the card. I was just speaking to Lawrence Aoli. He was saying he's got his analysis hat on tonight. Are you the same? Are you looking at some of these fighters thinking they could potentially be next for you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen, you you never know with the sport of boxing. any fighter can potentially be your next fight. Any heavyweight at at the top level. So even though you're here watching as a fan, you're still going to put on your analysis hat and break it all down in your head, you know, for future for reference for the future. &gt;&gt; And I saw a interview Andy Lee did with Box Nation. He said you and Moses shared some some pretty good spars. Um, what did you make of Moses's talents when you shared the ring with him? &gt;&gt; Moses is very talented. very talented. He's got a like everyone knows, he's got a big future. He's uh ringing IQ is good. He's got speed, good footwork, SP. Uh I'm looking forward to seeing what he puts on display tonight. I'm not going to count white out, but there's a there's sort of like a bit of a buzz going around where, you know, White's done and and this is Moses time, but you never know. The the the old dog might have a few tricks. And I believe it's uh you are WBO number one, Moses is WBO number two. There's been a lot of kind of talks that that fight could be ordered if Moses gets through tonight. Is that a fight you would relish? &gt;&gt; Whatever fights in front of me, I take with both hands. Been waiting for a while now, so I'm ready for it all. Welcome all comers. And like you said, uh, the we're we're going to see if the old Wolf still has, you know, a few tricks. You obviously had a great fight with Dillian back in the day. He's in terrific shape. Is he reminding you of the Dillian that you fought back then? &gt;&gt; He's in great shape. I don't think he's come into a fight um in shape like this. I think when you rewind back in 2018, Dylan was a different fighter, obviously younger and a bit fresher, but we want to see tonight whether he's carrying some of the I don't know, some of the worst scars that he's been involved in over the years. &gt;&gt; And obviously David Adlay, Philip Herovic, um, you know, another kind of young upandcomer, should we say, and an an experienced veteran in Philip Herovich. A lot of people have David as the underdog. Do you think David has a good chance or &gt;&gt; David has a good chance? Every heavyweight has a good chance. Every fighter has a good chance. It's about execution of a game plan, timing, precision, and uh the will to win. It all comes from here. And uh David's looked good in his last two fights, but Herovich has that all that experience as an amateur and as a professional. So even that fight is going to be a good fight. That's the third fight I think tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm here on time. And obviously Nick Bull, he's got to be one of the most exciting fighters in the world right now, right? &gt;&gt; One of the most exciting, one of the most entertaining, like a what's he wrecking ball just comes up ferociously, attacks you corner to corner, um rope to rope. He's he's uh he's very entertaining to watch. &gt;&gt; Well, Joe, I hope you enjoy the fights, mate. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you.