Kind: captions Language: en When I say the fight, Joseph Parker versus Fabio Wley, what does that mean to you? &gt;&gt; You know, when I hear the fight, when I hear that it's been locked in, Joseph Parker Fab, it gives me excitement. &gt;&gt; Excitement. Big fight, big night, big occasion. All the things I look forward to, all the things I love in this sport. &gt;&gt; You know, I've been wanting to fight since my last fight as soon as possible. And now that we have a fight locked in, I am looking forward to it. I've been in New Zealand for five, six months, just building away and enjoying my my time back home with the family. Still putting in work, but now we have fight locked in. We're here in Ireland and we're zoned in. &gt;&gt; What have you made of Joe's career? You must have been watching from afar. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, he's had his ups, had his downs. Um, his career is admirable. Like, he's obviously was a former world champion. and he's he's fought with some of the best in the world at like the early part of his career. Had a little middle period where he'd like you could say he'd fallen off or or maybe he wasn't really up for it anymore and has had this this great resurgence and come back and has beat some great names and he seems to be in great form. &gt;&gt; What have you made of his career so far? White collar boxer to get where he is now. &gt;&gt; See, they they say white collar boxer, but he's got some good skill and he's got power. You know, he's got power and he can bang. So going into this fight, treating him like he's a champion of the world. As much as I wanted to fight you, I know he's busy and he's, you know, recovering from an injury and he's spending time with his family and he's been he's been busy in the ring, you know, but now I have Fab Wley. I got, you know, he's he's a target now. &gt;&gt; His last three fights, like you say, great form. Did you watch all of those fights and what did you make of his performances &gt;&gt; overall? Like you look at him, the fight is his fault, their resumes, and you you can't do nothing but tippy hat to him and give him his credit. And he is he's game. He will fight anyone. He's not saying no to he's not said no to no one. He's not said no to me where a lot of people have. Um for him to be in the position he's in as well. Um just proves that he's up for it. He's not willing to sit on the sidelines and wait for an opportunity. He wants to go after one. But that's likeminded to me at the same. He had a good fight with Justice Hun, a tough fight, and he was able to get the victory, knocked him out or knocked him down at the end. And uh it was a good it was a good result for him. Boxing is boxing, right? You can be behind on the scorecards and it just takes one punch to change everything. And he showed that he showed that even um later on in the fight and later on in the rounds, he still possesses that power to to stop someone. And a win is a win. Doesn't even matter. It doesn't matter if you're losing on the scorecards or if you're losing the first half of the fight, but if you if you get a knockout on your record, it shows a win. A win's a win. &gt;&gt; What are his strengths? &gt;&gt; Uh, probably his resilience, determination, um, and probably the the team of him and Andy Lee is is a strength as well of how well they've been working together, how long they've been working together, and just kind of the confidence, the faith you have in a coach like that. I think that brings its own level of um it adds another level to your game. &gt;&gt; I would say like myself, he's got belief. He backs himself. He's got a good team and he's got he's got skill. And again, he can he can he can bang. He can pop. &gt;&gt; And what about Fabio's weakness? &gt;&gt; His weakness. I'll show you. &gt;&gt; What are his weaknesses? Um maybe not so much age I would say because he's not the oldest but time within the sport potentially. Um he's been around for a very long time. He's had a lot of fights. I think he's close he's either at or he's close to having 40 odd fights. Some of those have been rough wars. Some of those have been pretty pretty good back and forth. Like he doesn't shy away from a scrap. So he has got a few miles on the clock. Um, as of late, he's been weighing in pretty heavy and things, so maybe shifting the weight's becoming a bit of a a problem for maybe it's a tactical decision. Um, maybe likes just sitting down on that power a bit more. Who knows? But, um, there's some areas there of his game that that can be exploited. &gt;&gt; Do you think he can stay away from your power for 12 rounds? &gt;&gt; I don't think he can stay away from it. No. Um, but Joe has proven that he can get hit and he can get back up. Whether he can do that consistently with me um is a different question entirely. &gt;&gt; I've been in the ring with so many powerful punchers and so many powerful fighters who can bang and who can who have a lot of knockouts and I've avoided being you know I fought Shang he caught me a few times and dropped me but I I have the heart and the willingness to never ever give up. And I've I've faced all those fighters before and it's nothing new, but he will present himself in something different, you know, and and it's what I'm looking forward to, the challenge of fighting someone like Feb Wardley and the plan that he's going to bring into this fight. &gt;&gt; Who do you think has more to lose in this fight? &gt;&gt; Uh pimp, he is WBO, interim WBO. He is next up for that title shot with Usyk. Um and he is putting that on the line against me. So yeah, he has a lot more to lose in this fight, which may make him more dangerous, may make him train even harder, may make him push himself even further because he's within inches of of the mountaintop again. And I've I've come to kick him off and and and take him out of the way. &gt;&gt; I probably have more to lose at this stage of my career. And also everyone saying again, you know, I've done boxing pretty much my whole life and a lot of people were saying, you know, white collar and but he's done very well and like we're both in a position we're in because we both worked very hard and had some good wins under our belt and now it's time to put it all on the line. It's not about I think he's the same as me where we just want the best fights and the biggest fights and I've been calling for it for a while and now I have one. You're both of course on the verge of a world title shot. It'll be your second time winning the world title. How much would that mean to you? Like fighting for the championship of the world for the first time in 2016 was an incredible feeling. And then winning it in New Zealand against Andy Ruiz. I think second time around will be it will be a different feeling. It'll be that much more special because it's fighting for a different reason and different purpose. I'm a father of six kids, happy husband, family man. So, the purpose of why I'm fighting is different from when I was fighting before. &gt;&gt; What would a shot at a world title mean to you? &gt;&gt; It'd be a dream come true. It would be an absolute dream come true. be it would be it would be the crescendo to what has been a wild ride and a wild career and and an unexpected career from from outside looking in from everyone else who would look at me from the beginning and think to where the heights of where they would not think I would have got to um and where I've ended up and where I am and and the type of fights I've been in and obviously for example this fight as well the type of fight I'm about to go into is not something you would expect from a little or white collar fight. &gt;&gt; What would you say to Joe if he was here right now? &gt;&gt; Um, I'll probably say like I hope he's well. I think the good thing about this fight is that it doesn't need the song and dance. It doesn't need the theatrics. He's a very entertaining fighter. I'm a very entertaining fighter. All you have to do is put us in the ring and just let us go and let us do our thing. Um, all the back and forth don't really need to be done to to settle this. I think this is this is one of those fights with everything on the line and with the two fighters involved that sells itself. &gt;&gt; If Fabio was here right now, what would you say to him? &gt;&gt; Good luck. Bring your best. It's going to be a great fight. It's going to be a night that a lot of people are going to remember. A night full of action. A night full of power, speed, precision, and knockouts. You know, one way or the other, it's going to be there's going to be drama and it's going to be entertaining. One one one way or the other, whether you back Joe, whether you back me, whether you back his experience, whether you back my power, one way or the other, something dramatic is going to happen on that night. &gt;&gt; In one word, how does this fight end? &gt;&gt; By knockout. &gt;&gt; Parker win. Two words, Parker win. I am the avoided fighter in the heavyweight picture and I back myself against any fighter out there. &gt;&gt; I don't need to be perfect for 12 rounds. I just need to be perfect for that one moment. &gt;&gt; I believe people avoid fighting me because I'm dangerous and I have belief. &gt;&gt; There's a lot on the line. There's a lot at stake and someone's getting knocked out. So, let's get it on the door for a world title. Incredible stuff. And it just takes one shot. &gt;&gt; This is all or nothing. Nothing.