Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the launch press conference for Lights Out. A great night of championship boxing to be held on Saturday, November 1st at Co-op Live in Manchester, England. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry in association with Ready to Fight along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, That Prize Guy, Uni Bet, 32 Red, and Global Next Trade. A big thanks to those great sponsors. Well, ladies and gentlemen, a reminder that this great event will be broadcasted live worldwide on the zone and tickets are now available through ticket master. This outstanding card will be showcasing the light heavyweight division. Three light heavyweight championship bouts scheduled with fighters joining us here today. So let's now welcome the participants. First from Manchester, England, Lynden King Arthur from Manchester, England. Brad the Sting Ray &gt;&gt; from Birmingham, England. Troy Jones from Kev, Ukraine. Daniel Lampin from Swadland Coat, Darby, England. Zack Parker from Cuden, London, England, Joshua Buazi. We also have with us here today the director of Ready to Fight, Mr. Sergey Lapin, and the CEO of Queensberry, Mr. George Warren. And now, ladies and gentlemen, I hand things over to your host, the very talented Mr. Devani. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, Thomas Triber. Let's hear it for Thomas Triber, by the way. Always great intros from that man. When he gets them right, Thomas, hey, great to see you, Thomas, as ever. Welcome to Manchester, ladies and gentlemen. And uh just as we catch our breaths from another Don Sizzler in the Saudi desert with Moses Itama announcing himself as a new force in the heavyweight division. Today we turn our attention to the light heavyweight division. November 1st, Queensbury will be back at the co-op live in Manchester for a light heavyweight special. Six fighters each with a point to prove. The main event sees the return and indeed the Queensbury debut of Olympic bronze medalist, former interim world champion Joshua Buatzi. And he takes on a man who has been itching to compete at the top level at 175 pounds in Zack Parker. And then we've got a Manchester derby. We've got City versus United, blue versus red, the Sting against the King. Brad Ray defends his European title against Lynden Arthur. Can't wait to get stuck into that one. And you may notice some familiar faces up here as well. Normally they're sat with Alexander Rousi, the ready to fight team, the Lapin brothers are in town. And Daniel Lapin will be having his 13th fight on this show taking on former English champion Troy Jones. So, six leading light heavyweights, three fantastic fights, one big night of boxing, 1st of November, a date for your diaries. This is Lights Out and tickets are on sale now as Thomas Triber pointed out. Let's kick things off by bringing in CEO of Queensbury, Mr. George Warren. And George, we already we've seen what a what a statement Queensbury are making in the heavyweight division. It looks like similar statements are being made at light heavyweight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks Dev. Um, you're absolutely right. We uh we just got the news yesterday. Let's just quickly talk about the heavyweights after that devastating impressive performance from Moses Atalama who most people are tipping to be the next big star of heavyweight boxing. We now sit with eight of the recognized by the ring magazine top 10 heavyweights in the world under the Queensbury banner which is something that we're incredibly proud of and delighted to be working with all these fantastic fighters at heavyweight. And I would say, you know, probably about 12 months ago, we made a conscious decision again that the other division that we really wanted to focus on was light heavyweights, particularly from a domestic perspective. Also, it's great to be collaborating with Ready to Fight and bringing Daniel on. But from a domestic perspective, light heavyweight division is absolutely stacked with quality quality fighters and competitive evenly matched that have got natural rivalries, big ticket sellers, great narratives and we can deliver some fantastic fights. You know, certainly over the next, you know, 24 months between some of the guys that we have in the roster. All have got their own ambitions, all want to excel past the level that they're going to be fighting on November the 1, and all have got an eye on eventually trying to get to world level. You know, Josh has boxed there before, Zach's boxed there before. This is a real good opportunity for both these guys to get their name back in the hat for a world title. And the winner of this, I know we can deliver that for them early next year. We're thrilled to bring Josh on board and Zach's been with us for a long time. These are guys that we know and we're very very encouraged by the fact that both of them have stepped up and taken this fight. We welcome back Lyndon onto a Queensbury show knowing Lyndon and you know obviously his family and his team for many many years. He he he he had a great relationship for for a number of years, obviously moved on, worked with other promoters, but he's back and he's taken on another new Queensby recruit and Brad Ray, the European champion, and that is just a complete blockbuster of a Manchester derby. You know, 175 pounds, City versus United, European title on the line, and they will have their eyes on coming through that and stepping past that European level and getting to world level. And obviously, you know, we know Troy. Troy just recently boxed for us on a on a on a terrific card in Nottingham, putting in a great performance, but unfortunately didn't get the result against Ezra. And you know what what a type of guy he is to come through a fight like that, not get the result, a tough fight, but to take on someone in Daniel who most people are considering to be, you know, a future world champion. Um, again, really appreciate the guys at Ready to Fight coming over and and helping us to promote this and to bring and and for allowing us to work with Daniel. We've had a great experience working with them on the Wembley Stadium show and I'm I'm sure they're going to again be, you know, integral to the success of this event. So, look, hands on for us. This is this is an exciting card. It's full of great talent. If you can't buy tickets, if you can't be there in action, please tune in to Done wherever you are around the world because you're going to see an ex excellent card and something that we're going to keep building, keep building with the zone. Domestic fights, quality 5050 competition throughout the cards and and and that's what we're going to have on November the 1st. &gt;&gt; Brilliant stuff. Thank you very much, George. Let's start with the uh the ready to fight team. I'm going to start with Serge Lapin. Of course. Uh, you must have so many great memories in the UK. Every time you guys come here, you win. Tell us how you're feeling to be back in the UK. &gt;&gt; Uh, hello everybody. Uh, George, thank you you and thank you team. Uh what invite is uh Manchester this uh event like UK this best for best for country for for me and my team and best fans for world you know and uh last last we come in Manchester this seven years ago uh fight us bal this great moments in uh all all fighters all all fighters in UK this best best best guys now we come in with Daniel fight after after we see what what we And thank you very much. Uh invite. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you, Serge. Let's bring in Troy Jones before we hear from Daniel Lapin. Uh Troy, big big opportunity for you on a big show against well a very big man. 6'6 Daniel Lapin. Tell us how you're feeling about this one. &gt;&gt; Um thanks for having me Queensbury and Frank for having me back. Um big man, uh little heart. Um, so I'm just in there to do what I do and that's come to fight and I think that's going to be too much for him over there. But, uh, you'll all see on November first what I'm coming with. And, um, like I said, I think it'll be too much for him mentally, physically, and, uh, I'm going to break him over the rounds. &gt;&gt; I saw you actually put up on your Instagram, "Trust me, he ain't built like me." So, you're suggesting your heart far exceeds his. Tell tell us a bit more. &gt;&gt; Um, he's a good boxer. Everyone sees what he's about. is a good boxer, but no matter how hard it gets in there. I'm never looking over the ropes. I'm never wanting out and he wanted out in that fight. Everyone's clear to see. He got the nod controversially got the nod, I think. But, uh, listen, no matter how hot it gets in that ring, I don't want out. And he wanted that in that ring in that round. So, when I'm on him from the round one, he's going to want very, very soon. So, that's what it's going to be like in that ring. Trust me. Let's hear from Daniel Lapin, who I understand has been getting translations as you've been speaking, Troy. Uh Daniel, your your reaction to some of what you heard. He said, "You're a big man with a little heart. Yeah, I won one of the most highest guy in light heavyweight. But my height is not like my of the main advantage with guys with this height. Yes. Uh it's pretty easy to box if you can box. What does he think about some of the the comments being made there about his heart? Yes, a lot of people saying that it was tough fight for me versus Edmonson. But it was like first time when I faced opponent who is boxing uh so dirty. Yes. and going uh to me uh without any uh rules. But now I'm familiar with this type and this style of boxing and I'm ready for the Tro Jones. After my fight versus Troy Jones, I want to get a rematch versus Lewis Edmonson and I will show him another level of boxing. &gt;&gt; Okay, one final thing for you, Daniel. Uh, when we had Usyk in town, he gave Daniel Dubois a warning. He said, "Don't push the horses." Do you have a a message for Troy Jones? Troy, don't pull those horses. &gt;&gt; Any response, Troy? You going to push the horses November 1st? &gt;&gt; I'm going to hurt you. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Great stuff. Brilliant. Fine. nicely. &gt;&gt; In which sense you're going to heart me &gt;&gt; sound. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Brilliant fight in the light heavyweight division. One of three. Let's uh let's keep things moving. Can't wait for that one. Uh and yeah, the next one as as George said, it's City versus United. It's blue versus red. It is the Sting against the King. Brad Ray, I'm going to start with you defending your European title and I understand that this is a fight that you asked for against Lynen Arthur. Talk to us. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, when um when we signed McKeensbury and look, there was a few fights put to us. We had options on the table in my opinion. It was easier fights, but this was the fight that stood out to me. It was it was the fight that that you know when I seen it it was made the airs on the back of my neck stand up and made me get excited and that's these are the type of fights I want to be involved in. Um one of the main things is I've said I remember being a kid and going to watch Antwer against John Murray and the city was so excited and I remember thinking I want to be in a fight like this one day and they don't come around very often. Um this is my chance to be in a fight like that. a fight that the city's really going to get excited about. And uh yeah, look, that's why that's why I wanted to fight Lindon. I know what the fight can do for me. I know it can be propel me up the ladder. And um yeah, look, I know it's not an easy task, but I'm more than ready and confident. &gt;&gt; And the car live is it's right next to the Etiad as well. You can't be losing to a United fan up there, can you? &gt;&gt; No way. Not a chance. All right, let's bring in Lyndon Arthur wearing the United top with pride. I see you, Lyndon. Tell us what you're thinking about this fight. &gt;&gt; I just can't wait to get Pat in red cuz Pat's a blue as well. I can't wearing red for the corner. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what we're going to I'm excited for this fight. Look, me and Brad me and Brad are familiar with each other. We spired many rounds and like you said, it's it's an exciting fight. Um, one I'm confident in. He's got a European title. part won the European title. So, I want to get that over on him as well &gt;&gt; and, you know, have some fun in there as well. &gt;&gt; How much of a threat do you see in Brad Ray? &gt;&gt; He he's going to be hungry. Like he just said, he's been he's been wanting these fights for for a long time and he's he's grew up wanting to be in these fights. Um, &gt;&gt; so I I expect I expect the best version of him. &gt;&gt; I've heard you say actually, Lyndon, in an interview that it's a bigger fight for him than it is for you. talk to us about that. &gt;&gt; Just I don't mean that in no disrespectful way, just in the sense that I've I've I've been in bigger fights. This is this is like this isn't this this isn't the biggest fight that I've been in. Like I've been in big assment in that sense. No disrespect to him at all. Just this is the bigger fight for him than it is for me. &gt;&gt; And you can't lose to a City fan, can you? &gt;&gt; Absolutely not. Pat won't show up about that if it happens. So &gt;&gt; how much would a win mean to you, Brad? Yeah, a lot of it means um but where I've been the last few years is look being here now it seems so far away from where I was two years ago. But a win can just propel me even further. And that's why look I've got to win this fight otherwise I'm back to square one. I'm back to where I was two years ago. I've got nothing to offer. You know what I mean? I've got the European title now. I've got something to offer. People want to fight me for a change. And um that's why I need to win the fight. I need to keep hold of that belt and all right he has been a bigger this is a bigger fight for me than him but that's going to be the difference cuz I want this a lot more than him I know I do and if it comes down to it in the ring I know that I want this more than him you say to that Lyndon if it comes right down to it he wants it more &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; you've sparred plenty of rounds as well can you take anything from those those plenty of rounds Lindon &gt;&gt; anything you you can't take nothing from sparring things happen in spropped inspiring, knocked out in sparring and then they come to fight and they only better in the fight. So, I don't I don't really think it means anything on regards to him wanting this more than me. I'm not I'm not too sure about that, but I guess we'll see on we'll see on the fight fight night. &gt;&gt; Listen, as you say, Lyndon, you've boxed at a higher level. You know, you've been in there with Bivl, there's the trilogy with Anthony Yard. Is this a little bit about showing levels because you've been at a higher level? &gt;&gt; I believe so. I believe so. Um, yeah. Yeah. Look, I'm not, again, I'm not taking nothing away from Bradley. He's he's a solid solid fighter. I just believe on Bell. And again, like I said, we will see on on the 1st of November. &gt;&gt; Okay. Brad, are you going to tell him not to push the horses or anything like that or we we're done with that today? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Uh, look, he he has boxed at a better level than me and on paper he is a level above me, but it's not showing, you know, the level he's at. It's showing the level I'm at. When I win, they'll go, "Wow, he's at that level." And, you know, that's that's a job I've got to do. &gt;&gt; Any message for Lyndon? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; And I can't imagine Lyndon has one back either, but we look forward to this Manchester derby coming up on November the 1st. Let's move to the uh to the main event. Joshua Batsi makes his long awaited Queensbury debut. He is back and former Olympic bronze medalist takes on Zack Parker here. And Zach, I'm going to start with you because you have been calling for fights like this. You've been calling for the Anthony Yards, the Joshua Boatsis. You've got your wish. Tell us how you're feeling about this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously been waiting for a big fight and uh you don't get much bigger than this. I'm really excited about about this fight and um I quite like being this side of the promotion to be fair being the underdog and uh yeah I like people d me. It just gives that extra I give that extra bit in um in training and gives that extra fuel. So yeah, I'm buzzing about the fight and um yeah it's it should make out for a good fight as well. Both both want to win. There's a lot on the line um if you think about it because whoever wins probably goes for a world title. So yeah, really excited. It's the sort of fight you've wanted. Tell us why it's the sort of fight that you can win. &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously um I believe in my own skills. Um we'll be coming in with a good game plan. Um obviously Josh just come off a loss. You don't know how it's going to bounce back from that. So yeah, I just believe in myself. I'm confident in myself. So yeah, really excited about it. &gt;&gt; Let's bring in Joshua Batsi and Josh Queensbury debut. Welcome to the team. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Great to have you. Give us your kind of opening thoughts. uh ahead of November the 1st. &gt;&gt; Um yeah, thank you Dev. Um appreciate everyone coming out. Um it's the first one after a loss to Smith. Um I'm looking forward to it. I think it was um turning a new leaf and it's who you going to go with. We chose to come with um with George and the team. Um and I'm looking forward to it. Again, there I've been asked am I excited for the fight? And my answer has been I'm not excited for the fight. just because we're we're months away closer to the fight I will be. Um I am excited to be fighting back in England um and to boxing in front of you so I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like you need to make a bit of a statement? &gt;&gt; I feel like I need to win. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I need to win. So um you knowve I've never put that pressure that you guys put on to the fighters primarily because I put more pressure on myself. So pressure from the external, it doesn't matter to me because I put a lot of pressure on myself. So um the the point to do here is to win. &gt;&gt; And with Zack, he's got that kind of underdog mentality heading into this. Um what why is he the right fight for you at this point? &gt;&gt; I didn't say he was. It was just put in front of me. So that's who I need to deal with. Um and in terms of the underdog mentality, it's a good mentality to have. Um I've carried that for many years and I still carry that because um some people think that's it. It's a wrap. He's not coming back. So um for me it's important to prove that actually I can bounce back from a lose from a loss. Sorry. And um I will show myself on November the first. &gt;&gt; Well, Zach, did you uh I assume you would have watched Josh's fight with Callum Smith. It was a brilliant fight, but were you looking on looking for potential vulnerabilities? Should you ever fight him in the future? Did you see anything? No, I don't really look into older fights because every fight's different. Everyone's got different styles. So, yeah. You watched the fight. It was a good It was a good fight. It was a good fight when I watched it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a good fight. But, um, yeah, obviously different different styles make fights and, uh, it's going to be a completely different fight to this one. &gt;&gt; Anything you can pinpoint from that? &gt;&gt; Like I say, I don't really look into past fights. Um, obviously, it's going to be a completely different fight. Um, when you go into fights, you have plan A, B, C, D. Um, and it's it always changes in there. Like Mark Tyson, you said, you don't know what you're going to get to get hit. So, yeah. Um, it should make out for a good fight like for the fans and that. &gt;&gt; You two actually boxed as amateurs, right? Have you got any memories of this this amateur fight that you had, either of you? &gt;&gt; Oh, it was a long long time ago. over. &gt;&gt; I remember two things where it was um and I think it was it was in Liverpool for the nationals. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that's why I remember boxing &gt;&gt; I got cut I got cut in last round so the ref stopped on the cut. So &gt;&gt; was that your memory of it Josh? Just the one n kind of your one up. &gt;&gt; Yeah it's someone that I boxed years ago but again we've both turned pro. It was a long time ago. The style I had back then and how I fought is different now. So, it's a new challenge and um look, I'm looking forward to it um against someone that knows that a win will put him back um or closer to where he wants to get to and it's the same for me. So, I'm looking forward to it. It will be a competitive fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a mustwin fight for both of us. So, it should make out for a good fight for the fans. &gt;&gt; Uh Josh, you you asked obviously if he'd watched your fight with Callum Smith. I wonder if you watched his fight with John Ryder, which was his last kind of step up to try to get to world level. Did you see that fight? &gt;&gt; I didn't see that fight. know um I'm aware of it but I didn't I didn't watch the fight. I don't know what I was doing. But what I do know is look this is um someone that again even in the amateurs we thought it was a while ago but you said I'm one up. I don't see it as that but it's someone that said he's hungry. So for me once you're fighting someone that's hungry it's a dangerous fight. So it's for me to go in there and show that look I'm I'm more hungry than you are and it's all about food. Who's going to eat? I'm the first we find out. Zack, let me just ask you this. Do you think in your heart of hearts that there's anything that Josh might be underestimating about you? &gt;&gt; I don't I don't think about what he's think about really. Um I'm just here to focus on what I can do. Um and uh yeah, that's I know what I can do in the box ring. Um I feel like people have not even seen like 30% of me in the box ring. So yeah, I'm looking to go out and uh um put my put my best out 100% and um we'll see who comes out uh victorious. &gt;&gt; So if we do get a 100% Zack Parker, if we've only seen 30%, what happens on November the 1st then to Joshua? &gt;&gt; I'm just going out to win. Like I say, it's a mustw fight for both of us. Um I know you're trying to prod and poke and you know what I mean, but I feel like both of us are not really uh smack talkers. So yeah, I'm I'm just going to go out and do my job like I always do and uh that's to be become victorious. &gt;&gt; Final word to you, Joshua. Well, actually, Zach doesn't want to be prodded and poked. &gt;&gt; Um it was the same for myself and Smith. We didn't say much, but when it was time to fight, we put it on the line. So I guess he's the same too. You don't want to talk. I'm not much of a I'm not going to trash talk or start flipping tables, but what we do know is when there's a fight, I'll show up and I put it all on the line. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. We look forward to that. Is the main event, lights out, November the 1st. Tickets are on sale right now. So the 1st of November, join us live on the zone at the co-op live. It will be one to remember. Let's get some faceoffs. Thank you. [Applause] [Music] Thank you. Thank you. Okay. &gt;&gt; Well, that was interesting, ROF. I mean, um, I wasn't expecting too much in terms of verbals from Blackie and Parker. Bit of fun though with the lapins. I I like the whole don't push the horses stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. The lapins definitely bring a different flavor, don't they, to the press conference. I think this card, honestly, it's amazing and it's only going to get better. I'm so intrigued by the light heavyweight division right now. And I think the main event is going to be fireworks. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, the these are two guys that very much let their fists do the talking. You're never going to get Joshua Watsi or Zack Barker chucking tables, but they chuck big big punches and I'm expecting that it'll be lights out for one of them, I think, on November the 1st. I think it's a mustwin actually for both of them. I know who actually kind of hinted at, I don't put the pressure, you know, I don't listen to your pressure that everyone else puts on. He puts pressure on himself. But if he were to lose to Zack Parker after losing to Callum Smith, that's two on the bounce. That's not really a place you want to be. &gt;&gt; No, it's definitely not what you want as a fighter. Obviously, that last fight with Smith. As much as it was brutal, it was an amazing fight for the fans. And like you said, no fighter wants a loss. But I do think that Batsi walks away from that fight with a lot of respect and a lot of new fans. But like you said, this fight no neither man are going to want to lose it. This fight, a win for this either man at this fight is going to put him back in at that world stage and who knows what could happen from there. There's so many great names on the table. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And and Joshua Bati joining Queensbury now. I mean, there is one fight that has been talked about for years and years and years. I know you're going to say, "Oh, that is the beast from the East, Anthony Yard, who I'm sure is uh will be watching on uh with curiosity as to what happens with this fight. Of course, he has his own big big test against David Benvdas coming up in November. So, he's got very, very important business at hand. But we still need to see that fight one day. Ruth, &gt;&gt; we do. I mean, I'm desperate to see that fight. I'm so so happy that Buassi is with Queensbury now because hopefully hopefully we are one step closer contest. &gt;&gt; We are crossing our fingers. &gt;&gt; These two Brad the Stingray and Lyndon King Arthur. &gt;&gt; I love this fight. I love the Manchester derby element to it. I love that Lyndon's popped up in a United shirt. He's ready to go and Brad Ray's ready to go. &gt;&gt; That's it. It's hard to beat a domestic dust up. One thing that does beat it is two men from Manchester going at it. This is a really great one and it's a great dynamic because like we said or like you said, Lyndon's been at that world level before. Rad is trying to break out onto that level. So for the fans, this is going to be an interesting one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's only just won that European title in in a thriller against Shakaman Pitter. He's in a brilliant place right now in his career. A new Queensbury signing as well and he he won't be looking to release that belt anytime soon. &gt;&gt; No, definitely not. That European belt is a great belt. he's not going to want to let go of it. And like Lyndon said, he's looking to get that belt so that, you know, he can share that memory with it with with um with Pat. &gt;&gt; I love the reference to Crawler and Murray as well. By the way, how Brad Ray went to that fight as a young child was watching it on thinking, "One day, maybe me." Well, one day is November 1st. &gt;&gt; That's it. Those memories from when fighters are young kids. They see their idols up there in the ring. They stay with me. Two fighters facing off competing in a light heavyweight championship contest. Let's welcome Daniel Lapen and Troy Jones. &gt;&gt; Well, this is very, very intriguing indeed. Troy Jones brought the smoke to the press conference. Said Daniel Lapin was a big man with a little heart. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was I must admit that was a great oneliner from Troy. I'm really intrigued to see what happens with this one because I think the styles might gel really well. That last fight from Lapin, it was a bit of a funny one. You know, it was there was a bit of controversy there. So, I'm really interested to see what Troy can do with this fight. &gt;&gt; It was a crazy fight actually. Daniel Linen at Wembley Stadium with Louis Edmonson. Lapin actually said at this press conference after this fight, I want to rematch him. He doesn't feel we necessarily, I don't know, properly beat him. It was a majority decision as well. And maybe we didn't see the best of Daniel Lapin that night. Maybe we will November 1st. But Troyy's coming to fight. &gt;&gt; Troy is coming to fight. And I love that energy from him. He's got a lot of fans here today. &gt;&gt; And it's good to see the Lapins in town, isn't it? I mean, Serge Schlapping the uh the older brother, always brings a He's He's got a kind of quirky energy about him. &gt;&gt; That's it. He's got that quirky energy. He's also always got something fun to say. And this this night is going to be explosive. What can I say? And they're only going to add to it, the lapins. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Our next two fighters facing off will be competing in our main event Saturday, November 1st, live worldwide onto Zone, brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry. They will be competing in a light heavyweight championship contest. Let's welcome Zack Parker and Joshua. &gt;&gt; Here we go. The main event. Now, this fight, honestly, I am so excited about this fight. I genuinely think this arguably is one of the best fights that can be made in British boxing. It's going to be an explosive show, and I think this is really going to be the cherry on top of the cake. &gt;&gt; I think what you said was absolutely bang on about the Callum Smith fight. It was a fight where actually Joshua Buati gained a lot of fans despite the defeat. It's like his stock went up because we saw something new. We saw heart, we saw grind, and it was fantastic to see. And uh what can Zack Parker provide him? He's he's boxed at the highest level before against John Ryder. Interim title on the line and it didn't go his way that night. So, he's got a point to prove. &gt;&gt; He really has. This could be a coming out moment for Zack Parker. If he can perform on the night, if he can perform under those bright lights, we know we know that Joshua's already been there. You know, he's fought those big names. He's fought on the world stage. This is going to be a fantastic fight. I'm so excited about Joshua actually coming over to Queensbury. It's a great move for him. It's a great fit and Like George Warren mentioned, the light heavyweight division is on fire and Queensbury have really made a statement domestically with that division. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, we saw that graphic that Queensbury put out. It was just, oh wow, they've got him and they've got him and they've got him. They they've got a bit of a strangle hold on the light heavyweight division. George Warren of course referenced eight of the 11 top magazine heavyweights. will be competing on Saturday, November 1st from Co-op Live in Manchester, England, live worldwide on to zone. &gt;&gt; It's a great snap. That is It's a great card.