Kind: captions Language: en Okay. Delighted to be joined by the one, the only, the source himself, Lawrence Akulli. Come on, Lawrence. How are you, my friend? I'm good. I'm good. Always better seeing you. Yes. Good. Good to see you, Lawrence. I've been I've been thinking about you. I admit it. I've been thinking about you and I've been thinking this guy don't get the props. Don't get the respect that he deserves. What What were you at cruiserweight? British champion, Commonwealth Champion, European Champion, world champion, bridgeweight world champion, WCBC probably gonna become a world champion if you get your way. It's all happening. Lawrence, why don't you get the love? Yeah. Uh, you know, I think it's it's it's there's an easy narrative to paint and hold on to from early on in my career, but ultimately, you know, as you said, the resume speaks for itself, and what I've done and and continuing to do in boxing uh is is definitely going to speak for itself. So, you know, I've had a great career to date, but I feel like the best part is is coming up now. Well, that best part could be the next part. The next part starts July 19th, Wembley Stadium. Big fight, big show, difficult fight, I think, on paper against Kevin Lena who comes in, he's ball strong, he's a southpaw, he's going to come and take your head off, but a good fight for you to make a bit of a statement. Yeah, 100%. You know, not many people would take a, you know, as you said, hard punching, strong, awkward, and experienced south who's currently bridgeweight world champion, um, you know, on 5 weeks notice. But for me, you know, I'm on a mission to become a freeweight world champion. So, I got to deal with anyone that's put in front of me. Obviously, I'm not sure if you know behind the scenes, you know, how many nos we got, how many um people that were lined up to fight and then it hasn't ended up happening. So, you just got to take whoever's there. Well, whoever's there. I mean, he's not a bad fighter as you say, WBC bridgeweight world champion. He's got the belt that you won and then vacated. So he comes in on form as well. The last time he was in the UK gave Daniel Dwis kittens in a football stadium. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, the guy's experience, you know, he's been in front of big crowds. He's come and scored upsets. He's hurt, you know, um two top names that we we know. Dan Dar, you know, someone said was lucky to get out of that fight, although he obviously came back and got the stoppage himself. And Justice Fley as well, you know, hurt several times in that fight. So the guy's a good puncher. He's a he's a he's he's a solid professional. It's going to be what it is, you know. I I just think if you talk about training, all of us train hard. All of us are, you know, good fighters, but I just feel like I'm a level or two above. So, I'm going to show it. You've had one round as a as a heavyweight. It was one very emphatic round. You got rid of Hussein Muhammad almost immediately. Um h how is the heavyweight journey going and how are you feeling within yourself? you came in, it looked quite heavy for that first fight. Are you getting closer to your kind of target weight? What What can we expect to see? Um, we're going to enjoy it. Like I said, when it comes to heavyweight, I've been enjoying, you know, if you see me in the gym right now, like this this the best I've ever felt in boxing. You know, this the best I'm performing. Um, and the results are going to show on the day, you know, no more having to drain myself, no more having to, you know, the now all my thoughts are on Kevin Lena, not on the scales or what am I going to eat like what it's all about performance. So, right now I'm punching harder, faster, sharper um than I ever have. I'm moving better. I'm able to think more freely in the ring. I'm feeling a lot more solid and robust. So, yeah. What weight? I don't know yet, you know. I don't even really look at the weight um until the day now cuz I don't have to anymore. But I'm I am performing at my best. And in terms of Lena, would you say that on paper this looks to be your toughest fight since Bum Smith and probably up there as one of your toughest fights full stop? Would you say that? Yeah, I mean he's got like he's got accolades. He was IBL world champion for like seven defenses in in at the cruiserweight. You know, he's won a bunch of stuff like he's a good fighter. You have to just look at him and say he's only lost to like top top kind of heavyweights. Um so yeah, on paper he's a he's going to be a tough fighter, but I'm hoping to make easy work of him. Does he put fear in you? Uh I wouldn't say fear like I mean there's not many fighters who I could say put fear in me. It's just obviously I know what he he brings. You know, at the end of the day, it's a it's a big opportunity for him. It's a big opportunity for me. Um it's like any, like I said, every heavyweight, anyone above, let's say, light heavyweight, in my opinion, has the power to knock out another person with the right time punch. I mean, we saw Fabio versus Honey where Honey was winning every round and then he got caught with a great shot and that ended the fight. That's heavyweight boxing. So, in terms of fear, I wouldn't call it that. I'm just aware of the real dangers that he proposes. You know, he's an explosive guy, very fast with um his combinations, knows how to look after himself, duck well, manage rounds. He's he's a good fighter, but as I said, I've got um I already know what I'm I'm planning on doing. It's just about going there and executing it. I mean, that's pretty much what you said about Hussein Muhammad. And uh you I think you shared the video that Queens pre put out before where in the fight week buildup in the press conference you said, "Yeah, I'm just going to get rid of this guy within the first six rounds." And it was very very quick indeed. But with Lena, I'm Did Did I hear you say you're going to make easy work of Kevin Lena? Because nobody does that. You're trying to You're trying to I think you said it. But I like No, I did say it. And And like I said, I've got nothing but respect for him. Like he's someone that you know I know. But that's that's the plan. And the plan is I'm going to walk through him. You know, you called him a ball earlier. Um I think we're going to be shocked. I think we're all going to be shocked by how it goes. Um I still haven't seen Chill in the corner yet. Okay, that's what I'm going to say. That's what I'm going to say. I ain't going to say too much cuz I I respect him, but we won't see him again. Okay. Okay. Um, you mentioned as well that you feel like you've been getting a lot of nos and well that's what you've been hearing that you've been saying okay I'll fight you I'll fight you I'll fight you and you keep hearing no no no no no around the the Waldley fight week obviously Michael Offo who works with Dillian White and Fabio Wardley I heard him doing a few interviews Dillian White done a few interviews before as well and they seem to collectively be playing down your credentials as an entertaining fighter as a reason to not fight you. What What do you think of that? I mean, if you're a coward, you're a coward and you're going to find a cowardly way to get out of something and talk about that instead of the fact that I'll knock him out. You know, you know, I think Moses is going to take him out in quite vicious fashion. So, will we be hearing much of them after? I don't know. It's always one, like I said, I want to tick off, but you know, he needs to focus on not getting knocked out in his next fight. What is what is it with you and that side? Because it's not just white. I've heard you, you know, universally Fabio Waldley is seen as a a pretty standup nice guy, but I don't think I've ever heard you say anything particularly nice about him. There seems to be a beef between you and that those guys over there. What is it? Where does it stem from? I wouldn't say it's a beef. I mean, like at the end of the day, me and Dylan, if you talk, if you go back to the sort of AJ Dylan stuff, you know, I was kind of obviously team AJ, so I'm always there's always going to be that side of it. Um, Chamberlain, React, Paul, they're all from the same sort of thing. Fabio, I don't really, like I said, I've sparred Fabio or whatever. Fabio is not someone I have a I wouldn't say I have a problem with Fabio, but Fabio's a highly rated and decorated heavyweight at the moment at the same time as me. So, you know, as far as that goes, I I think that I think me and him are are likely to fight. You know, we just got to crack on really. I mean, he did well to win his last fight. I'm looking to do the same in my fight. So, you know, that one could happen next. It's like for me, like I said, I wanted to separate. Fabio is not someone I have any sort of thing with. He's he's cool. Uh Dylan, it is what it is. The rest of them, they're just, you know, is what it is. What did you make of the subhuman comments? Who who made those? About who? Dillian White made them about you. Um, I like I don't know. I didn't I didn't hear them. Obviously, I don't watch Dylan's interviews and stuff like that. I watch his fights and I can I can see what what I think I need to see there. Fascinating. So, listen. Yeah, obviously you touched upon it. It's a rumored fight at this stage, that Moses Italma, Dillian White thing. Are you surprised that that fight would um would take place? No. I mean, cash rules in it. Do you know what I mean? Like Dylan's he was looking to sell his bum to AJ, so now he's just decided to sell it to Moses instead. How you feeling about boxing at Wembley? I think you The last time you were there was the Matty Askin fight. So, it's almost like you does it feel like you got a right or wrong and and give them a real example of what this is who I am now. You were what nine and0 at that point. Now, now you're much further on in your career. Yes. I think there's a lot of um wrongs that I want to write in this fight. You know, as I said, I've had a great career, but there's still some things that I need to write. I mean, listen, the last time I box in the stadium, it didn't go my way. So, it's time to go go get that. Um, so yeah, that's that's really the main ones. The main ones is it's like I have an opportunity here. I'm ranked number one in WBC. I'm boxing a WBC current world champion. So, I believe with this victory, I will be pushed. Um, and then there won't be Cabayo or anyone able to say they don't want to fight me. It's ordered like so I'm just I'm pushing um cuz I feel like unfortunately I'm going to have to have to make it happen the way I haven't in every other aspect of my career. So I'm going to beat Kevin and then um we'll go on to Cabel. Is the manner of the victory important to you? Yes, very important. I think it's like it's like it's like I have a vision of what I want to do at heavyweight. I have a vision of how I want to perform. I have a vision and I can all I all I have to do is watch myself on video sparring. Um I can watch my spars, watch my bags, watch all of that stuff and it's like I can see how gifted I am at fighting. So it's like okay well I need to go and execute on the day. If I execute on a day, I should get knockouts. And if I'm able to do that, I'm going to win a third world title. So for me, this fight has to be won in in in good fashion. It has to be convincing. It has to be I win every round before the stoppage. It's like that's just for me because if I want to go on and beat Cabay or do or any or anyone like that, they would, in my opinion, beat um Lorena. So I need to go and do it in in even better fashion. And and what about this uh this Dubirus fight, the the main event? I mean, should you come through your fight? Are you going to be getting on the mic, beating your chest, saying, "Give me the winner." Is it is it one of those ones? Or you you're very much sort of set on your your path, your cabal, WBC route, or are you going to get excited and call out the winner? Don't know. You tell me. Uh I can't see myself jumping the ring and calling out the winner. I think, you know, you have to just be able to look at the landscape and say, I I have things are going to fall into place. You know, I go out and perform, the opportunity is going to come and then it's up to me to take it. So, this is a massive opportunity, you know, um against a credible credible fighter um if I'm able to go on and do what I expect to do, the opportunity will come thereafter. Have you ever sparred Kevin Lena? I haven't sparred him. Like I said, I've seen him. I've been to South Africa. like I know who he is. I know him. Um but like I I don't like using the friend word anymore since the Chris Ban fight. So I won't use that. But me and him are okay. So like I said, once we see what I do with him, you're going to know what I'll do with someone. That seems to be like a bit of a learning there, this friend thing. Cuz I've heard you say about Fabio before as well. You know, we're in the same weight. So you ain't trying to make friends with anyone. So, have you got any heavyweight friends? Uh, no. No, I don't. I mean, like, no, I don't. You sparring AJ quite recently as well. What's What's the relationship there? Cuz he was almost like he was like a mentor to you once upon a time, right? Yeah. So, now I'm 32 years old, you know what I mean? So, it's like obviously that that kind of dynamic shifts. It is, like I said, until AJ officially hangs up his grubs, there's always that you never know. he's like number I'm number one in the WBC he's number two like there's always that like now we're in the same way there's that competition element so as I said you know in a fight where I saw someone as a friend I struggled to to do certain things where I've completely let go of that side of myself so that I can go and do what I meant to do. Would you say the nature of your sparring then with AJ has changed over the years? Because obviously you used to sp sparring back at GB and back in your cruiserweights days as well where you weren't in the same weight division. Has it changed now? Because that's quite a recent spar that you had. We saw the videos go out in in Dubai. Oh well, it's changed how like for example how I would how I'd operate in the ring because I'm nowund and something kilos, 260 lb, whatever else. So I'm not 200 lb skipping around. away as much if not more than most heavyweights. So, I'm able to kind of do different things now that I enjoy. It makes sparring a lot more fun for me. Do you know what I mean? Um, being able to um do what I can do now. Is the sparring fun for your opponents? Have to ask them. Ask you have to ask them. Oh, I'll see what I can do. Listen, um, Dubarusi, how does that go? Um, I'll do this every single time and say that someone's going to beat us. I think at this stage, Dan is um I think it's going to come down to youth. Like Dan's very, very intense. He's on a high right now. He's going to have Don Charles in his corner screaming them on. So, Uzi is definitely a talented boxer. We've seen it. He's he's one of the best we've seen movement and um, you know, keeping someone under mental pressure. However, if someone's not thinking about that and you're not able to hurt them, although he did stop him in the last fight, in this fight, if he comes in with that kid or be killed mentality and just keeps on going from round one to round 12, at some point I just think he's going to catch Isk and then it could be the beginning of the end. Um, yeah, that's that's my thoughts. I mean, has got a black eye. We've never seen him with a black eye before. Is it cuz he's 37? I don't know. Um, but you know, like don't know. I just yeah I just can't I just can't see how he's able to keep doing it. I just can't like you know we he's had two really hard fights against Fury um who's a massive guy and it's going to take his toll. Two fights against AJ. You know what I mean? He's been in some tough tough fights. So I don't know if this is one too many. Shor is this one too many or has it made him battle hard and so I'm looking too much into this heavyweight power puncher thing and he's just going to outbox him comfortably. We're going to see. We are going to see. Look, I I can't wait to uh I can't wait to find out. One more final thing actually. Um obviously you've been like a big fan of Moses. You've been hyping him up like big time, putting out videos from when he was 15 and he sparred you, etc., etc. You probably never thought that you'd ever fight him, though, right? Like it it's it probably wasn't on your radar at that time because you were you're so much older than him. But his ascent right now at 20 years old, especially if he gets the sort of fights that he's being linked to, he he could be right in there as a name in the mix with you. That's Does that feel strange to you? It does. And that one's going to be one where I'm going have to do the exact same thing and shake off the friend thing. Do you know what I mean? At the end of the day, especially with him like potentially getting this um dinner fight. That really upset me, you know? Um but like I said, we'll see what happens. That's not even like a friend thing though. That's like a little bro thing. Um, yes and no. But you know what it is? When someone um, if I'm being honest, is like able to perform at the level that he's able to perform at, you kind of rate them a bit. So, I've always rated him, do you know what I mean? So, I always wanted to see him do well cuz I like to see winners win and talent be talent. But, you know, we'll see what happens. Okay. And what what's the buildup going to be like with Big Kevin Lena? Because he's a he's a decent talker as well. He's a friendly guy. He's a nice guy, but uh you know, if he's poked and prodded, he can come out with a couple of things. What What do you think it's going to be like with him around presses and that? It will be like two quote unquote gentlemen, you know what I mean, are going to have a fight. I don't think it's going to be anything like you and this and that. Cuz at the end of the day, like I I know him. Um so, it's not going to be anything disrespectful. It's just going to be the truth. Like, he's going to expect to win the fight. He's going to have his game plan. He's going to have his coach. He's going to have this big opportunity. I have the exact same thing. So, we're going to see on the the the 19th who's who's right and who's wrong. And you beat him because I'm just better than him. It's a pretty emphatic answer. It's true, isn't it? Lawrence, lovely speaking to you. Best of luck with camp and see you when you're in the UK, my friend. Sweet. Catch you nailed.