Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for 10 rounds and it'll be for the vacant WBC silver heavyweight championship brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red and Uni Vet. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control, Steward in Charge Dean Haulington, along with the World Boxing Council, President Mauricio Sullean, Supervisor Dennis Gil Martin, Timekeeper Steven Puji. Our three judges assigned will be Mark Bates of England, John Jonah of Spain, and Hrik Schwam of Germany. Our referee in charge will be Ley Every of England. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Introducing to you first fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes in the ring wearing black with white and weighed in officially at 18 stone 9 lb. Coming to us from Cologne, Germany. He brings a professional record of 18 wins. Just one defeat with 14 of his 18 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Hussein Muhamad. [Applause] And his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing black with gold and weighed in officially at 18 stone 8 lbs. Hailing from Hackne, London, England. He was a 2016 Olympian and now is a professional has a record consisting of 20 wins, just one defeat. 15 of those 20 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former twoweight champion of the world, Lawrence. The sauce okiers, [Music] [Applause] please. &gt;&gt; Okay, lads, when I say stop, you stop boxing. When I say break, take a step back. Keep your hands up. Protect yourself at all times. Good luck to you both. [Applause] I wonder if anybody has dared mentioned to Lawrence Aolei, be on your guard more than ever. Now you are a heavyweight. We're about to welcome in into this division where one tiny second can change the course of a man's career. Here we go as Lawrence Aoli sets out to rebrand himself as a top heavyweight. an excellent career as a cruiserweight world champion. A brief reign at the new innovative bridgeweight limit 16 stone. But all along there's been a heavyweight in there. Richie crying to get out and he makes his bow tonight at 18 stone 8 and a half. &gt;&gt; And that is three stone heavier than he has ever fought professionally. &gt;&gt; Yeah, an incredible transformation really. But he's got the frame for it. He's very tall and he carries that weight well. But nevertheless, three and a half stone heavier. And that is some increase, isn't it? What big right hands are going in from a early on. And that's his danger shot. Remember, he's setting it up well behind his jab. Started with the j well especially to the body. And then he's looking to land that right hand. So he's trying to catch Mo early here, Paul, with these right hands. And this has not been too bad a start from Money. Good shot again. &gt;&gt; He's felt the power of some of these saying Muhammad. If anybody had seen what happened at the press conference on Thursday, I think you'll find a slight irony here as Lee Every again tells Muhammad off about holding because at the press conference Muhammad went to a long lecture about how Lawrence should fight against him and he said, "I do not want any holding. I've not come to London to have a wrestling match with you." Well, we started. Oh, that's fair enough because in the past and Lawrence Cole has been guilty of that that type of boxing. We've all seen it from him. But nevertheless, he has got really good skills as Lawrence Aoli started this one pretty well behind that jab, keeping that guard nice and high. So, it's good box boxing from him at the moment trying to set up that right hand. There's that jab again to the body. So, it's a decent start for Moli and he'll want to look good tonight. Remember, this is his debut for Queensbury and he'll want to look good here. &gt;&gt; He's not having any trouble finding Hussein Muhammad early on. That's another splendid opening, isn't it? Mohamed might not beat the count. Lever is looking very closely at him. &gt;&gt; Up at eight. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's all over the place. &gt;&gt; He's all over the place. Lee Ever looking at the feet. He's not happy. And Lawrence has done it in the fashion of David Adel here tonight. &gt;&gt; It'll get harder, but how is that for a starter in the heavyweight division? Well, I said he needed to look good, and he certainly did. And the referee was 100% correct there. He asked for the for the boxer to walk forward. He did. He was on unsteady legs. He's looked into his eyes. He's not happy. He's closer than anyone, the referee, and he's called it. And I think he's absolutely spot on. Great performance from Lawrence Aoli. He had to look good. He did look good. He looked explosive. Frank Warren will be really happy with that as will Lawrence Aoli and his camp. Tremendous display. &gt;&gt; We don't judge these matters on timings, Richie, but that was even quicker than Adelaide. 1 minute and 8 seconds. And let's give credit as well to his coach Joe Gallagher in there. He's with him now. And um yeah, they they've they've started the they've started it really well, haven't they, together. And Joe Gallagher got the tactics right. Lawrence Aolei carried out those tactics and has produced that knockout in the first round. It's heavyweight boxing but where but fair play to Joe Gallagher and Lawrence Aoli. They work really well together on this one. They've got it bang on to the manavorn or so it seems here tonight. The story started across London in Hackne for Lawrence Aoli and I'm afraid it's been a short trip and a painful trip to London for Hussein Mohamad. Never looked settled. &gt;&gt; I think Paul, you know, he's got caught early, hasn't he, with a couple of shots, but I thought it was a good start from Lawrence in terms of his boxing, getting behind his jab. Like I said, he's a big lad. He he carries that weight, that extra weight, no problem at all. It was always going to be the question, wasn't it, how he was going to look three and a half stone heavier, but he's setting it up there. Look, there's that jab to the body and he's come back with a right hand. So, I mean, the jab to the body has actually sparked a response from he's countered the counter there because what Muhammad has done, he's tried to counter that body shot. He's come back missed with his own shot and Aoli has then come back with the right hand countering the counter. Lovely work. First and third boxing. Basically, he's first with his jab. Mohamed is second then with the right hand counter that missed and then Ai's back with the third attack that's knocked him out. Tremendous. &gt;&gt; Adam Booth spoke about the athleticism that David Adellay possesses but when you slow that down in that fashion and look at Aoli's natural athletic reactions there Richie that was breathtaking. &gt;&gt; Yeah it was lovely wasn't it? And like I said he's he's moved in. That was always the big question. I was speaking to to Buny about it earlier. Our big question was how he was going to perform with being three and a half stone heavier. It's a big risk, but hey, he looked absolutely brilliant with it. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 14 seconds of round number one. Our referee in charge, Lee Every, stops the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout. And now, the new WBC silver heavyweight champion, Lawrence the Sauce Oki. [Applause]