Kind: captions Language: en Lawrence, the source, Akoli, the man who is bringing the source and the chaos in the ring December 19th in Nigeria. Lawrence. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I love it. I love it. I'm super excited. &gt;&gt; It's a big one, right? Cuz I I swear I've heard you talk about fighting in Nigeria like a number of years ago. Like it would be a dream. It would be a great thing to do. Now you're actually doing it. &gt;&gt; No, it's amazing. You know, funny enough, someone sent me a post I did back in 2017 with Eddie Hearn saying, "Hey, Eddie mentioned, let's get a fight on in Nigeria, etc." Like, so I've been on it for almost a decade now or over a decade. Um, and now we're here. So, I'm really excited. My family's really excited. Um, it's going to be a great great show. I went to the last one. Um, just great energy. It is chaos. Um, but we love it. when you were out there for the last one, did you actually think that your next fight would end up being there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little bit. And like obviously it took the help from Greensbury to get over the line. Obviously I need to have support otherwise you know it wouldn't be possible. So I hoped I said hold on there's a ring, there's lights, there's cameras, there's a referee, you know what I mean? There's two guys fighting. It can be done. We've seen it now. So why not? You know what I mean? And I got serious case of FOMO watching, you know, Dan Ziz and Brandon Glanton and all those guys have their fights. I thought &gt;&gt; maybe let's bring a world champion back. So good. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And my understanding is you're you're a bit of a bit of a star in Nigeria, probably more than you actually anticipated that you would be. That's what I keep hearing. And I keep hearing that your face is everywhere that they have so much adoration for you as a as a former twotime twoweight world champion. It's like they're putting real respect on your name, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh as I said, it's caught me by surprise. You know, my dad always says he gets bombarded with himself and you know, especially because we got the same name. Um he's like I never really took it seriously, you know. Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, my aunties and uncles and But then when you go there, it's just like you you feel the difference in something like um how you're received. Bearing in mind like in case I forgot someone, I'm sorry. But outside of myself and Anthony Joshua over the last um I don't know 10 15 years, maybe longer. There hasn't been any other Nigerian sort of heritage world champions. Um now obviously Fabio Wardby although he doesn't really scream about Nigeria, he's got that in him. So, we'll give him his he's his uh he's you know what I mean? Yeah, brother. Um but then, you know, uh it's just great. So, like I said, I went there and then those pictures of myself, Neurals, myself, AJ, Samuel Peters, um those type of guys. Uh there was even one I saw there was David Adelaide was getting his props. So, it's you know what I mean? It's like they know their boxing um and they sort of cherish we the fighters. &gt;&gt; What What have your family said about it? And will they all be ringing side? Are we going to see like aunties and uncles and stuff like proper hype? &gt;&gt; You know, the things tracks made, um, aunties and uncles I've never seen or heard popping up, cousins. Um, I didn't know how big my family was until, you know, we're fighting here. Um, &gt;&gt; you know, they're they're looking to get coaches. They're look, it's like, it's crazy. Like, it's a big big sort of not just family affair, but this big affair. It's, you know, like I said, fortunately I've got a lot of experience with big occasions, so it's not it's not too crazy, but you know, uh I I'm sort of taken a back by it. &gt;&gt; Feels like a nice a nice year for Lawrence Aoli. What I mean, what what do you think you in terms of if you if you zoom out from it? Obviously, you want to become world champion as soon as possible and you want those fights. you want the cab, you want all of these guys. But if you take yourself away from that and you say, "I was chief supporter of Wembley Stadium on an undisputed fight and then I got to fight in the Motherland," that's a pretty good year, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, if we're going, obviously, I'm always grateful for, you know, any opportunity that I get and say can, you know, come out um healthy from. And if I look at it a year, you know, um that's why I have to take my hats off to Queensbury if I'm honest, you know, um in terms of delivering, you know, they laid out when I first signed them, this is the road map, this what we can do for you. And then they they aimed, you know, I think I was going to box Richard in the year, unfortunat I got injured. That would have been one. Then I managed to box a current world champion in Kevin Lena, chief support, as you said, get a W there, maintain my number one WBC position. And now we're going to put us in the motherland as you said and um you know my my my family and you know um all the Nigerian sort of supporters get to see me live in the flesh and on their you know TVs and it's we're here. Um so yes it's been a great year. Of course I would have loved to have won a world title but I believe this is like the final pit stop before that. Seeing um Rabio Wardley now become world champion. Is it relinquished? It gives me a lot of um hold on a second. Stuff's about to start happening. You know, being number one ranked at the moment, Rabel being in champion. As long as we both get through our fight, I think that me and him are going to fight for the world title um middle part to, you know, spring of next year. So, the road map's there. I'm excited. &gt;&gt; So, that's how you're cuz you're you're you're an intelligent guy. You're a smart guy. you look at the the chess board, you know where where you fit onto the board, and you know the impact that Usyk relinquishing that WBO belt has on the entire division. So, h how do you see this all panning out? Yourself and Cabo, that's that's your next step, you feel? Or is there even cuz you're number four with the WBO as well? There's there's a few things. &gt;&gt; I noticed that. I noticed that. Um I uh objectively speaking it's like my easiest route is the WBC because I'm number one. I'm silver champion. Cabayo's there. I think um you know they have a convention coming up maybe next week or the week after. Um so I'll be able to quickly see where it lays. You know, do they mandate Oz versus Cabayo? You know, or myself versus we don't know how the rules work. Um, and then does he relinquish? And then the instream champion gets elevated and then I'll be number one and we have a fight. That one seems like a clearcut. No No, sorry if I'm not allowed to swear. No nonsense. It's like, yo, here's the rules. This way it is mandatory. Make the part happen. &gt;&gt; That one there is like there's no someone else stepping in on toes or negotiating over money. It's just here it is. World sold. That one's clearcut. When you look at the WBO, as much as I'd love to box Fabio, you know what I mean? And we had our little interactions online and he's managed by Dylan White and all that blah blah blah, whatever. Um, it's like being number four, I kind of think it's close. Is it next? Maybe. Depends on what they But it's close in the sense of we know he can't box Moses who's number one. Um, obviously for obvious reasons. Um, Dennis Sangovich or Saki now I don't know I I don't you correct me if I'm wrong but British dust up should usually do better than you know foreigners boxing British guys. So me versus fab I would like to believe it's a it's an achievable fight over him versus him versus Herkovic. Um so we'll see. I don't know but that one's not as clear cut. That one's open for discussion and negotiation and no pull in boxing wrestle. Okay. Like where this WBC one could very much be this is what it is done. So that's where I look at it. I think the next few weeks are going to really uh be telling. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I guess look in the heavyweight division right now the only thing you do know is that you never know. And and who who would have thought that heading into uh heading into this year that Fabio Wardley would end the year as the world champion. You wouldn't have guessed that, right? No, you wouldn't have because I like you wouldn't have expected um Joseph Parker to take that fight. Probably kicking himself right now. But you know what? Hats off to him for giving it a go. &gt;&gt; What did you make of that then? You you were there that night. I'm not sure I'm not sure you did many or any interviews afterwards. I couldn't see you in any of the things where cameras were going around saying, "What did you think? What did you think? What did you think?" &gt;&gt; I thought it was a great fight. I thought it was really, really exciting, really back and forth. Um I I thought Fabio was going to win this what I said in interviews unless he gets out boxed. Um and um I thought the sage at the time was premature but then not unbelievably if that makes sense. Not like that. I thought could have maybe but then you know like I said hats off to him because you know one thing I'd always say about Fabio that can't be sort of ignored or pushed to the side is to get like pedigree and power and whatever else cuz all those things anyway can punch hard. I think it's more so he's got and I don't know where it comes from. Maybe it's just natural to him cuz he didn't grow up in my opinion any type of way that he it comes from the environment. So it must be internal. He's got a real dog in him where it's like it doesn't matter from round one to round 12, he's going to empty it. And that's also a bit of conditioning as well to be able to throw hard consistent shots like into the later round. And you know when we heard um Anson Yards uh and Tund um Fab Ward is going to do he's going to empty the tank and &gt;&gt; see what happens. And that's a very rare skill to have. It's a skill because it takes confidence, it takes decision making, it takes um presence in the moment. So as I said, I think he he honestly deserves it. &gt;&gt; I guess it takes huge guts as well to know that this is everything. Next round, I could be done. 100 in that fight. Yeah. If you didn't get the stoppage in that exact moment, he would have been in big trouble cuz he emptied everything you got. And you know what? For me, I'm happy that it paid off for him. I I as much as I want to box him and we'll get our fight on. That moment there, I got to say, you know what? Actually, he rolled the dice and it paid off. I like I like it. &gt;&gt; This is nice, Lawrence. I mean, Fabio's one of your ops, right? Like you you guys have never got on, but you're giving you're giving props to the ops. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that one. But yeah, it's like I would do. It's not like I'm his friend or he's my friend. It's just I I was there. I watched it live and that's what I mean. Like what what happened to Parker once? &gt;&gt; Nothing. You know what I mean? It would have just been a guy from down under or whatever parading the belt around waiting for us or what pointless. Um Fabio seems like he's up for fights. He's up for 50/50 fights. We'll see now that he's got the silverware if he still keeps that same kind of gutsy energy or he plays it smart. We don't know. Um, but it's gonna be exciting. I think 2026 is going to be a crazy year for Queensbury in particular. Um, we we're on stage where there was me, Rabio, David Adel, Dan Dwis, whoever else. I don't want to forget anyone. Um, we're all on the stage and we're just obviously the top one, Moses, Satama, we're all on the stage, but 2026, I think we're all going to be getting it on. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. Exactly that. And you you seemed actually like quite up for it as well. You was like, "Yeah, Kabiel's down there. I'll fight Cabiel. If not, Daniel Dwar's here. I'll fight Daniel Dubo." You've you are bringing smoke to the uh to the heavyweight division. Um you it feels like you just say yes to anyone. Lawrence. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's been my you throughout my boxing career and it's why I managed to go to the Olympics with such little fights. why I was, you know, the first Olympian out of my box to become British Commonwealth European world champion. Why I've become two world champion like going to Poland and boxing a guy who was knocking everyone out. It's like it's just part of the game for me, you know what I mean? And um I'm not I don't think I'm this type of fighter that's going to get opportunities just based on, you know, my face or I've got I can fill a a 100,000 savior. I'm gonna get it because I'm a good fighter. Really good fighter and I'm up for fights. So that's what we're going to see. I think Shabel, for example, is a fight that not many people are. I want to I I haven't heard anyone say it. I want to box, but I'm saying I want to box. I can't wait for it to be mandated. I can't wait. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, we'll see. Anyway, I don't want to ramble on, but yeah. &gt;&gt; Are you Are you going to go out to Germany? He's boxing obviously January 10th against Damen Knea. You're going to get yourself out there. You're going to make a bit of noise. You're going to be like, "Whoa, what's going on? What about me, Agit?" &gt;&gt; I would like to I would like to I would like it to be clear and mandated um by then. So, yeah, I'm about to go. I want to watch it anyway, especially cuz the side of the boxer that he's boxing is a is a pretty good staff to see how he deals with it. Although I expect him to win comfortably because that guy is quite um &gt;&gt; the guy I think he'll beat the guy quite comfortably for for whoever, you know, I think he's better than him. Um it'll be interesting to see how he deals with someone kind of jabbing, keeping it long, jumping back, and I want to see how he breaks him down. Um cuz that'll be a good sort of um gauge. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean he he doesn't seem to have much problem dealing with bigger guys like like obviously look you're a completely different style but like McMud Zang the these are bigger guys I feel like there was another one in there as well Sanchez not so much bigger but those in particular McMud and Zang these are giants right and he just breaks him down. Yeah, as you said, different styles. I think, you know, Matt Mov is obviously a good um strong guy, but he's not very fluid or like and he's very easy to hit. So, say and Zang very very good puncher, very good timing, but then also no conditioning and um and and static after maybe two rounds. So, you can see off body shots and just if you're strong enough and brave enough, which definitely is, you can get in there and do what he did. Um this other guy though is isn't going to box like that. I think he's I think he will crumble um under Cabo's pressure but he's going to at least show a few things like you know big arms outright pop like basic boxing um so it's a lot more for me engaged the Zang one I not like the fights he's had I haven't believed it. I believe he's he's very good, but I haven't believed that. Or he's going to be able to do that to anyone. Like, you just put him in against us and he's going to do that. I don't think that. I don't think he made to do it against a lot of fighters, but time will tell. &gt;&gt; Time will tell. Wonder if he could do it against you, Lawrence. &gt;&gt; No, that one I know he can't. You know what I mean? Stylistically, it just doesn't make sense. I just can't see it personally, but you know, I have to feel. Um, and so he &gt;&gt; What's your first year at at heavyweight in terms of what's it been like? Has anything surprised you about heavyweight? Cuz I feel like you surprised fans with the size of Lawrence Aolei at heavyweight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think well the main thing is it's a lot harder to run at 260 than it is to run at 2 225. Um so that's number one. Um and even just like you know um my natural condition is actually pretty high for like yeah those are the two things that pretty much cuz you know like I cruise weight I was I knew I was in great shape because I had to do so much to get down to the weight where now I don't have to do as much cuz I'm heavyweight so I don't have to do 10 mile runs three times a week and whatever I can focus a bit more on like strength and explosiveness But um yeah, those two things have surprised me. My natural conditioning and um and how how much hard it is to run. So I'm trying to find my sweet spot. Um but I do think the cab fight is the one where I'm going to find it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So this one in Nigeria, is that you kind of working towards that sweet spot? Are we going to see a different version of Lawrence Sakoli compared to the last two fights or? &gt;&gt; No, I think it'll be pretty similar to this one. Um, honestly speaking, I think, you know, I'm going to go in there and try to be explosive. Obviously, my last fight I was injured pretty early on. So, this one I'm trying to um, as I said, build into like a serious um, world title camp. So obviously you got to take every fight seriously, but this one here is like a hit stop, do my job, be a professional, test the arm out, see how it feels under the the lights when I'm throwing with 100% power and force and um and then we'll wait to roll into 2026. That's kind how I'm looking at it. &gt;&gt; Okay, look, we look forward to that. Let me get your thoughts on uh on your old mate Moses Atalama. He's uh he's boxing someone who everyone's been asking for him to box. Really, everyone's been saying fight Jermaine Franklin. He's the step up. He'll give you rounds. He, you know, he went the distance with Joshua, Dillian White, and this guy will take you beyond six rounds. Do you think he will? And do you think it's a good fight for Moses? &gt;&gt; Um, do I think he will? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm 50/50. Um, personally, it depends on what style he brings. So, it's like I think if he's like measured um then yes, but if he does what I think he might try and do, which is I'm going to show this guy, get inside on what like clever shots, I don't think so. I think with someone like Moses who is naturally so explosive and so um quick um and technical uh he's got so many good attributes but as we've seen with in any sport across across any um profession that is fillediveness in my opinion cannot happen for 12 rounds. It never happens at that intensity. So if he boxes like in spurts, let's say he throws an intense combination, then rests for a bit, jabs, and you know, south and then goes again, he might be able to do it for the 12 rounds. However, um if you walk into the punches like Franklin just decided I'm going to go get to work, he's invited and get rid of him. But if Franklin's a little bit more cute and a bit more clever and isn't in a rush, then yes, I do think he'll take off six rounds. Do you know that sort of the way you descri described it and broke it down there sounds like you've sort of got a plan for Moses if if your paths ever did cross? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I got a plan for everyone. Uh and obviously Moses making a lot of noise. Um he's very good and um yeah, that's it. Yeah, of course. Like I mean it's it's pretty straightforward to see. He's one of the harder harder punchers, faster punches. So, what do you do? It's whether it's Moses or someone else. The breakdown's the same for like different styles. There's different ways to beat them if you're good enough. &gt;&gt; Is there a way for Jake Paul to beat Anthony Joshua? Just just quickly on this one, I'm not going to dwell on it too much, but uh surely not. Lawrence, &gt;&gt; of course there is. I mean, is it is it a likely one? &gt;&gt; No. But, you know, um like I said, if I go out and help him, makes the chance instead of one in a billion, one in a million maybe. Like, what I mean? So, let's see. &gt;&gt; Has there actually been talks about you helping Jake Paul? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. You know what I mean? Me and Jake Paul already talked, so I thought, you know what? Like, let's do like let's go and beat Andrew Gera. You know what I mean? Let's give it a go. Let's uh let's see. Why not? You know what I mean? I think it's a big ass. Um, as you already know, AJ, but yet the skill level, the experience level, it's just it's night and day. like, but I'm trying to think of the right way to put it. In a crazy world, crazy things happen. So, &gt;&gt; let's see. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, it is a crazy world that we live in. And look, it brings me back to the the Fabio Waldley thing. 20 years old, he's a recruitment consultant. Right. Now, he's the now he's the world heavyweight champion. &gt;&gt; Right. Exactly. Um, am I saying that? I like I said, I'll see. I'll see. I'll see. I'll see. I'll see. The problem is AJ's as a consmate professional. That's the real issue because I would have said like you know for someone that's not taking him seriously you can sneak you can you can catch them off guard but with AO because AO always plays that's where um it's a bit more difficult I mean &gt;&gt; yeah I hear I hear Listen last one just on uh Joe Gallagher who uh who has overcome his battle and I I was in the gym with you for one of your sessions where Joe Gallagher when He was right in the midst of it. We was in between hospital appointments and he's coming in and he's sticking it right on you. Sticking it on everyone in the gym. I've been going to hospital. Why can't you give me 100% on the bag? Like amazing. I I love this that he's overcome it. It must be amazing for you, Lawrence. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, 100%. And it's testament to his character. Um it's like he said to cancer, no chance. You give me 100 like same kind of energy, just attack it. Um and hats off to him. And you know what? Like as I said, you know, obviously me and him have had a conversation and I've just said like I'm definitely going to get him a world heavyweight title. If he can beat cancer, I can beat Cabay or one of these guys. It's like it's as simple as that. And to see the passion that he puts in and the love and the determination. Yeah. Like of course anyway that's that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Know fantastic. I love that he said he told cancer to give him 100 burpees. &gt;&gt; Oh, I've never seen something like it. especially he didn't have like stage one. He had like a much later stage where you think when you hear the news you kind of tear up. Um but you know on the flip side he's he's beat it. Um and here he is still going. &gt;&gt; Yeah 100%. Okay Lawrence what can we expect then December 19th chaos in the ring. Lawrence Sakoli. What are we going to see? &gt;&gt; I think you're just going to see straightforward chaos. like I mean wherever I'm boxing I'm just going to go in there and basically box my way to a stoppage and you know um roll on. It's going to be exciting obviously but I don't know how to give a a big it's going to be the greatest fight. It's not it's going to be a knockout. You know what I mean? And then we're going to be moving on to um 26. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Listen, I wish you the best of luck. Been wonderful speaking to you and um yeah, next time I'm in Dubai, I need to come to your restaurant. It looks You're there now, aren't you? &gt;&gt; I'm down. &gt;&gt; I'm here now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm down. &gt;&gt; Looks lovely. Okay. All right. Cheers, mate. Take care. &gt;&gt; Cheers.