Kind: captions Language: en On May 16th, one of Britain's most loved heavyweights, Dave Allen, gets his dream homecoming here in Doncaster. But the man he's taking on is a man who can turn that dream into a nightmare. Olympic bronze medalist, 6' 6", one of the bonafide top five heavyweights in the world, Filip "El Animal" Hrgović. Before May 16th, today, they face off. Gentlemen, how are we? Pretty well, thank you. All good. I like to do this at the start. I like to get you to kind of introduce yourself and say what's brought you to this point in your career. I'm going to start with you, Dave, cuz this is a this is a big moment for you, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm David Allen. I'm 34. Um didn't think I'd bring Filip Hrgović to Doncaster. I'm very proud of it cuz I know you're a very good fighter. So, I'm very proud. It's happened through uh through the people. The people have made this happen. The people are going to fill the stadium. Give me an opportunity to box a guy like Filip. So, it's up to me to make the most of this opportunity and I I I hope to do that. And Filip, what brings you to this point in your career? Uh I signed a multi-fight deal with Queensberry and we so we extended our our uh relationship and uh this is the first fight of the new deal, you know, so and uh hopefully I'll win that. I'll go through through him and uh continue my trip my road to becoming a heavyweight champion. What do you see when you look at this man? He's quite handsome, isn't he? I thought that. I thought he looks a bit like me, but in person he's like he's he's quite handsome, yeah. So, um I'm impressed. I've seen him for a long time. I watched him in the WSB. Spade, the Olympics. I watched him as a pro. He's not really someone I thought I would box, you know, um my career's been up and down and I'm fighting good guys. I'm fighting Journeyman. I'm getting chances. I'm After the Malamudov fight, I thought it was pretty much over, to be honest, at any kind of level. Um but I got a win. I've got the opportunity. I'll fight anybody. You know, I'm durable. I can take a good shot. I'm there to fight anybody. So, Filip hopefully gives me the respect I deserve and turns up and you know, turns up 100% and doesn't overlook me and we'll have a great fight. I think I I I know the size of the task at hand, but I'm always up for a fight, so uh anyone, really. I would box anybody. Anybody at all. So, what do you see, Filip, when you look at this man here? Yeah, that's that's uh nice from him. He's a brave guy. Like he said and he and he did that. He boxed with everyone and he never run from from uh opportunity and uh I'm looking forward to that fight, you know. I think I'm on different level and I'm going to show that on May 16th and uh he will be just another, you know, step uh through my journey to becoming a heavyweight champion and uh I'm looking forward. It's going to be amazing fight, you know. Like I said, he's brave guy coming forward. Can take a lot of punishment and uh my plan is to do exactly that, you know, to punish him a lot and hopefully stop him. And uh yes, looking forward, man. It's going to be amazing. This stadium is great. I never fought in stadium before, you know, so it's going to be great night. Just another step on his road to becoming a world champion. Yeah, no, I can see why everyone would think that. It looks like a mismatch on paper. I can see that. Olympic medalist at 10 amateur fights. So, you know, I started very late. But uh my durability surprised everybody. Everybody seems to break a hand or two on my head. Uh I'm not a bold body. Hit me in the body. I like that. Give me a rest. Give the head a rest. I've been nice. Um you can hit me anywhere. That's what I am. I'm just I'm like a piece of rubber. You know, I'm not the greatest boxer in the world. I'm not the best boxer. I'm not the biggest puncher in the world, but punching me is a bit of a waste of time. But you have to do it to win the fight, but uh I'll be there. I'm in I'm in the mood. I'll be fit. So, I'll be there from round one to round 10. Uh the question is am I good enough? It's not am I tough enough? It's not will I be there for the rounds. It's not will I go the distance. I want to win the fight. I want to change my life. Beating this guy would change my life. But of course, I can see why people say there's love we're levels apart. On paper we are. Um but I think I'll shock him. I'll shock everybody that I box. I'm tough, but they go ah pretty clever. Um I'm a lot harder to hit than you think. Um so, I'm a good fighter. If you spoke to people that sparred me, they used to say it's Fury's. Um sparred everybody. They all know what I'm about, but I've never been fit. I've never ever trained before. But you're you're quite scary. So, I will train and prepare correctly for you. I'll give you the respect you deserve. All the fans that come in, I'll give them the respect they deserve. And uh I think I can push him. Really really push him. Really in the mood for it. I'm very mood dependent. And uh really up for this one. So, yeah, I'm up for it. Yeah, that's great, man. Great for you to you start training at 34. Yeah, it's good, isn't it? Better late than never. &gt;&gt; [snorts and laughter] &gt;&gt; So, children, listen. It's never too late. You can start at 34 and still be great. So, I expect, you know, hard fight. I I'm not, you know, looking uh taking him lightly. I'll train. I'm training for every fight like it's a like I'm fighting, you know, against Usyk or someone like that. So, I I'm training hard all the time. So, I'm not going to take him lightly. I I know he's durable. I know, you know, he's uh brave guy coming forward, so I need to be in good shape and I will be, you know, so and and I it's a boxing, you know. Anything can happen. So, I'll be ready. I'll do my best and we'll see. Dave, I watched your YouTube video that you did just before Filip fought David Allen. You sort of broke down the fight, strengths and weaknesses. And you talked about Filip and you referred to him as bone idle and lazy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Is that something you stand by? &gt;&gt; Not as lazy as me. Uh but uh but yeah, he's capable of better, I think. I've watched him over the years and I always thought he could be a lot better. He could do better. I watched his Young fight. He had the fight with McKean fight. A guy like Filip Hrgović shouldn't go 12 with Dempsey McKean. He has been lazy and I think if Filip told us, I think he would have admitted that himself cuz he has so much ability. He could have been better. But I could have been so much better myself, so I always speak the truth. I give my opinion. It's never come from a place of disrespect, but you had to agree with that. Someone by that, yeah. Been lazy, Filip? Never. Never, man. I work hard, but a lot of a lot of bad circumstances happened with before a lot of my fights and uh I I believe I still didn't show my best boxing. And uh I know it sounds strange. I'm 33, but I I still have a lot of what to show and uh b- before last last almost every fight, you know, something happened and uh but I know I can beat anyone in the world well well when I'm on my best level. Do you have to be on your best level to beat him? No. I don't need to. What percentage do you need to be? 70%. Yeah, say come at 70%. That'd be nice. Turn up at 70%. &gt;&gt; No, I come 100%, but like you 70. No, that's good. Good. Yeah, you 70. No more than 70. Then we'll see. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Dave, I've heard you talk about this fight, perhaps a bit differently to other fights. Like the Malamudov fight, you wouldn't fully commit to it. Do you know what I'm going to beat this guy. I'm going to slay the giant. With this one, sometimes you say you're going to win. Sometimes you say you're going to give him a run for his money. Sometimes you don't say anything. Where are we right now today as you look at this man here, this giant, your David? What are the thoughts? No, I'm looking forward to it. I'm I don't really look forward to boxing too much, usually. Um I'm I was a quiet kid. Nice, pleasant boy. Not really a fighter too much. Um Me, too. Get the same. Nice nice pretty handsome boys, aren't we? That's what we do. And we end up boxing and you go, "I'm not bad at this." Um but I think in Doncaster, I believe I can win the fight. I've not been below 18 stone for 10 years. I'm nearly below 18 stone now. I'm going to train. Filip Hrgović is going to get the best version of me. Um and people always said the best version of you is it can be a worthless heavyweight. Um I'm confident. And I I never say that I'm confident because I feel I don't say nice things about myself but I know I can fight. I can definitely fight. If I'm fit which will be I'll be at 100% you're coming at 70. So so yeah I'm more than confident yeah very confident yeah. That's good for you man. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's amazing. But yes you know I think life is not working like that when you at 34 realize and you start training hard I think life works different you know you need to work all the time and uh So I think you know when you come to the ring it's not about this six eight weeks it's about your whole life you know you bringing your whole character whole mentality whole whole lifestyle you know so it's it can't be fixed in eight weeks or six. So but we'll see you know. We'll see. I will be ready that's for sure. And you know looking forward to the fight. Could this be an easy fight for you Philip? It can be yeah it can be easy fight. It can be really easy fight. And it should be easy but it can be also hard you know. Is it up to you? Is it as hard as you make it? &gt;&gt; to me. It's up to me how much you know space I'll give him and it's always dangerous with guys like him. I mean I I don't underestimate him but it's he don't have nothing to lose you know. And uh it's always you know with this kind of opponents it's always tricky if you give them too much space when they got you know uh how you say? Uh when they feel Free. Freedom. Freedom if they connect something you know they they they they Momentum. They gave they gave gave him momentum and it can be tricky but it should be easy fight and I should control him and you know work with my jab with my legs move and it should be pretty simple but you know &gt;&gt; Shake his head. You never know in boxing every anything can happen you know. No no no we don't want that. No we don't we don't want him to jab and move no. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I would like some uppercuts. I would like him to I would like him to just come and fight and we'll just This is what I would like. Yeah I I I got the word what I wanted to say if he get wings. Wings. Wings right? If he get wings if he connect something it can be more complicated. But I'll cut his wings from first round. And little by little you know kill his desire for living. And maybe for boxing maybe this is your last fight so you should enjoy. It could always be our last fight. Every fight could be our last fight. &gt;&gt; It's your It's your hometown? Hometown. That's amazing man. I'm already enjoying it. I'm mixing with the best. It's amazing. &gt;&gt; Thank you thank you for the compliment. You're welcome. And yeah man it's it's great and it'll be amazing event on May 16th. Let me just ask you this Dave. There was talk of you fighting Zhang and you you got presented with Zhang or Hrgovic and it felt like with Zhang people could see a route to victory. Zhang gets tired after a few rounds right? He's got older and older. What is your route to victory with Philip Hrgovic? How do you actually win this fight? Zhilei Zhang's very scary I think. Zhilei Zhang's scary. Good fighter Zhilei Zhang. Well he knows he's got to win it. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying very scary Zhilei Zhang I find very scary. Philip Hrgovic um the biggest challenge is the biggest challenge there. It's David and Goliath David and Goliath pick the biggest challenge. They always say to me when I box I asked him about Makhmudov pick out of these names there's some names on there I could beat them. I want Makhmudov bring Makhmudov or with Luis Ortiz Tony Yoka &gt;&gt; man. Tony Yoka in in Paris Tony Yoka he's not too slow. Who? &gt;&gt; Tony Yoka. What about Yoka? I boxed him in Paris. He um I want the biggest challenge. That's what I want the biggest challenge with all respect to you. I can't say anything bad about him because he's number five in the world and I'm about and I'm about 75. So what can I say? I come here and I say yeah I've got no pressure at all. I'm fighting one of the best fighters in the world. I'm Dave Allen from Doncaster. Who am I? I'm a nobody really in the grand scheme of things I'm a nobody. I'm going to turn up May 16th I'm going to wave at the crowd I'm going to walk to the middle of the ring I'm going to go bang bang bang hopefully him on the chin and if he doesn't beat me and if he doesn't beat me comfortably he's never going to get a big shot. I'm losing nothing. I'm living the dream. &gt;&gt; That's fair man. Thank you very much. That's fair business. One final thing Philip just tell David don't tell me don't tell any of these guys here just tell him how this is going to happen on May 16th. What exactly is going to happen when the first bell rings? Man I must tell you something said for you and I'm going to go well. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] strong and fast and durable as well. Even if you connect no one ever put me down so it's going to be hard night for you but hat down for taking this fight and I hope so you come in a good shape that we can do we can give to the fans few more rounds. I just want to say that I respect everybody. I respect you massively for your achievements. I respect you as well. &gt;&gt; But I don't fear anybody. I've never feared anybody all my life. &gt;&gt; Me too man. &gt;&gt; I'll fight anybody anywhere anytime. I know how good you are. I'm aware it's going to be hard. But I promise you I will push you to the limits. I can't wait man. I can't wait I'm looking forward to it very much so. Very much so. Can't wait. Good. Handshake fellas. Of course. Tough stuff. Thank you. Well done. Well done Philip. Buenas noches. Pardon? Buenas noches.