Kind: captions Language: en The walking talking example of have gloves will travel. Mark Chamberlain. How are you sir? &gt;&gt; Good thanks. You &gt;&gt; I'm good. Look at you. I mean just Jack Rafity up north. Yeah. Go on then. I'll have a bit of that. Pier Liry in Dublin. Yeah. Go on then. I'll have a bit of that. You are you are the man, aren't you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I just said off off camera, I've got gloves and I'll travel and I'll fight anyone anywhere. If it makes sense, then why not? Tell me about this fight then. Was it an immediate yes when you got offered Pierce Olirri because he's they call him the big bang? He's he's quite the uh quite the Irish contender. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um the fight got offered to me I can't remember when it was not too long ago just before Christmas I think and said yes straight away and then we was waiting on the date I think. Um but yeah like I don't really care. I'll fight if it makes sense. I'll just get in there and fight anyone. I don't care. It must be a bit daunting though. This being St. Patrick's Day weekend, him talking about this Irish homecoming for so long. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Feels like everything's kind of stacked in his favor and you're the fellow popping up from Portsmouth trying to ruin everything. Is Is there a little bit of, you know, being daunted by it at all? &gt;&gt; No. All the pressurees on him, I guess. Um I've done it with going up to Manchester and Jack Rafy's back garden, so I'll do it again here. Obviously, the the rematch was meant to happen in December. That that never did. Um I can't just sit around and wait. So big fights is what I need and I believe Pierce Ori is a big fight for me and it's going to be a tough test for both of us and may the best man win. But I should be bringing the belt back to England. &gt;&gt; Are you seeing him as the toughest test of your career? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. I mean Jack Rafy, he was big, strong, super lightweight. He was knocking everyone out up until he fought me. I believe I won that fight by one or two rounds. Uh still does my head in to this day, even talking about that decision. Um but yeah, I I believe I'm I'm the man to beat Pier Ori on the night and same as what should have happened with the Rafati fight. That's interesting you say that about the Rafati fight. That was back it's been been a number of months now. It was last year, &gt;&gt; but at the time I remember interviewing you both in the ring afterwards. None of you were raging. None of you were like, "What? That's a robbery or anything like that." But the the sort of energy you've got about it now is you don't even want to talk about it. &gt;&gt; No, I don't mind talking about it. I mean, I've watched it back like I would say 10 10 times and I I do think I did nick it. Obviously on the night it's all it's all different until you watch it back. I mean a draw is annoying. I would have been more gutted if he'd have got the nod, but what do you expect going to Manchester? And I didn't win convincingly enough for the judges to give it to me. So, I suppose they called it a draw. Um, but stats don't lie either. If you you look at the stats, I uh I think I threw more punches. Believe they said the the heavier punches were landed by him, but I threw another I think it was 2 250 punches more than what he did. I just don't get it to be honest. So you say that then in terms of you know he he was in Manchester and you know that that worked in his favor. You can you could argue that you're now going to Dublin on the other fell's homecoming. Does that mean you need to be better? You need to do more than just win by a round or two in your view. You need to actually knock him out. &gt;&gt; Well yeah I need to win convincingly. I can't leave it down to the judges as you know what happened. Obviously that's in the past now and irrelevant and all all I'm focus focusing on is uh Pierce Ori on the 14th of March. &gt;&gt; What what do you make of him though as a fighter? &gt;&gt; Pierce. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's a good fighter. I've never even actually spoke to him to be honest. Um nothing bad to say about cuz I don't know him and he's no different than me. A fight is put in front of him I guess and he's on his journey and I'm on mine and we got to fight each other to get there. Well, the demolition man wasn't able to demolish you. They call Pierce Oolir Big Bang. I assume he's you're going to ensure he doesn't bang you. I I guess [laughter] there on March 14th, but I guess you got I don't know where that went, but um yeah, you'd have to make sure you keep away from his power, Mark, I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's um it's no different to the to my last fight, like we we've said a couple of times. Um I just train hard for every fight. Obviously, I had that little slip up in September last year, but &gt;&gt; I've had two fights since then, and I believe my last fight proved where I'm at, you know what I mean? You say the demolition man and was knocking everyone out. Obviously, anyone can be hurt, you know what I mean? But it proved where I'm at. I had a 12 round war with &gt;&gt; with him and I'm going to be prepared for the same again. No, no different. So, yeah, I'm looking forward to it. Do you feel like a a win over Pierce Olir completes your kind of redemption story from that Josh Padley defeat? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know a win over Pierce Oolir sets me up for massive things. It's going to put me in a good position. Um so yeah, like like I've said time and time again, I I need big fights and I want big fights and whoever they're going to offer to me to fight, if it makes sense, I'm going to do it. Has that loss to Josh Padley completely changed your life? &gt;&gt; No, I wouldn't say it's changed my life. But &gt;&gt; your your attitude towards fighting, was it always have gloves will travel or or were you a bit more picky when you were coming up as an unbeaten kind of contender like done something? &gt;&gt; Never turned down a fight um through all the year. Well, never never turned down a fight at all. And I was never one to believe that you need to protect your record. like if it makes sense then do it but so so will be that that happened on the night I never turned up and it cost me didn't it so they say that's in the past now over that and got a couple of wins and on to bigger and better things &gt;&gt; so what is it about Mark Chamberlain that is going to be such a problem for PS on March 14th &gt;&gt; I just believe I got got everything and more as to what he's come across if that makes sense so we'll You feel like you're the best that he has faced? &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he's been in with some He's former European champion as well. I know you you never actually won the European title, did you? &gt;&gt; I should have. I should have had that when I beat Gavin Gwyn as well. I should have the British Commonwealth and the European, but never mind. &gt;&gt; So, you're sitting here with no belts, but all the hunger in the world, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, on March the 14th, I'd have the IBO, so another one. &gt;&gt; That's a significant belt in the division as well. Well, that that gets you a real sort of seat at the table and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah. It opens the doors to bigger things, doesn't it? And gets you up there in the rankings and Frank's already said a win puts you in a a great position. So, we just got to focus on the March the 14th and then look what's after that. &gt;&gt; How does the fight play out in your head? &gt;&gt; Go from round one, punch each other in the face and see what happens. &gt;&gt; What do you think will happen? Mark Chamberlain victory any way, shape or form. Best of luck.