Kind: captions Language: en Moses, congratulations sensational knockout in the night. How did you feel first and foremost? How do I feel? I feel good, man. It's um It's been a long time coming, so um like I said, it was the first time I won my I won my first national titles as an amateur here. Steph, you was here as well, weren't you? Yeah, [laughter] Steph, you was here. What's this? I like What was that? When I was 12 or 11? So, 10 years ago I won my first national title here. And now I'm I'm boxing as a professional, so it's mad. It just feels so real. Given that the fight given the fight was pushed back, did you feel like you &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; you wanted to put a statement on even more? Given that it given that you'd have to wait for the Um No, because everything up or the things that happen to you can give it a reason. And my injury I kind of took time to prepare myself mentally. Like I said, I'd rather be in a fight 100% 80% Sorry, 100% mentally, 80% physically, than the other way around, so um I made sure I took my took took time to prepare for him diligently cuz man, he's a tough pony. Like he took AJ's best shots. He took Dillian Whyte's best shots. But he couldn't take mine, so like I said the Lord is good. How did it feel when you were in there? The first couple of rounds you you were getting shots through, but he wasn't quite going away. Yeah, how did it how did it feel when that was going on? You know, boxing is the only sport where you lose something you lose a little bit even when you win. So Go on. Even though my shots wasn't I guess affecting him or hurting him, I knew that there's a little percentage of his armor that goes, so um it's a matter of time. It's a matter of time. I know Ben and Lee were screaming, "Go back to the basics. Back to the basics." cuz I was getting a little bit excited. But but um yeah, man. We got the win in the end, didn't we? When you caught him with that uppercut that that did the final damage. I know there was one more shot after it, but it was the uppercut that did the shot. Did you feel it as soon as it connected? Did you think that's the one? That's the end of it? No, you know. Like I was ready I threw an uppercut and I stepped off him to go to the body and then switch it back up top. And then like I popped him with the uppercut and I just see like it was all over the place. So, I was like, "Ah, yeah, this is my moment." And then she's already face-planted the floor. You're going to be asked this question a lot Who's next? over the next coming days. Yeah, who's next? I mean, I wanted um I wanted Hrgović, but obviously he's boxing um Dave Allen, so I don't know. We'll go back to the drawing board to see see who's available and yeah. Offer some few fights out. I just want to I I just want to say that there is a huge team around you How how important are they? Shh. It's big, man. It's big. Like um obviously I didn't do it by myself. I got a team behind me. Um I got a family behind me, so yeah, man. I'm blessed. I'm blessed cuz I got a lot of people &gt;&gt; A lot of people don't have this. &gt;&gt; now. A lot of A lot of people don't have this, you know what I mean? Family that care about us, so I'm happy everybody's turned up. Woo! Woo! &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Woo! Woo!