Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. White back on the back foot. White comes back with a double jab on his own. Hello. Reload. [Applause] That's right. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] myself [Applause] [Music] like damn free [Music] picks his target and once he got you hit on the temple there had him in trouble straight away. Didn't rush his way. Watch this. Couple of shots. Takes a step back automatically. Nothing's coming back. Picking his shots. Not getting too close down. Not getting those feet too close. The range is perfect. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at that. I mean, it's just it's it's so good. It's so spiteful. Everything about it. The little dip of the knees. The intelligence. That little right hook there is an absolute stunning Hollywood showcase real knockout. That that is fantastic. Look, I've been questioning the body language, if you like, of Dillian White. And we we both said something there. Did he know, Barry, that he didn't have it anymore, Dillian White? &gt;&gt; Well, not sure. You know, I mean, you're not quite sure if you still got it. You know, you never know, do you? But I mean, either way, whether he's old or not, there still a good win for Tom. It was a potentially a test on paper. And he didn't give an opportunity to get into the fight. &gt;&gt; Dillian White's been a brilliant servant of the store. He really has a fantastic store. He never ever got into that for any second of the fight. His jab fell short and it was with consumer ease that a Talma just picked him off and knocked him out. And I know that Dillian is 37 and I know that that's what it Talama should have done. But he was kept waiting in the ring. He kept his composure and he delivered beautifully tonight. But should he have done it that early though? I mean he should have done it but not that early. the way we always say the sign of a of of a potentially great fighter is when they they don't rush their work, but they get it done quick. And he that's what happens. He don't rush his work. It's all done quick. &gt;&gt; And we can't take anything away from that victory and the manner in which he's done it because we've been talking about the shape and the weight of Dillian White all week. You know how he's really taken this serious and he's just completely ripped up the script there and announced himself in a big big way. People might question Dillian White's ambition, but he trained incredibly hard. You don't lose all that weight, best shape in 10 years, but for the time, legs, speed, and Moses, if you listen to AJ, to Fury, to Aoli, to Joe Joyce, to everybody, they all think he's the next big thing. &gt;&gt; That was a test on paper, but also let's be realistic. We all he was a massive favorite as We all thought he was going to win, but it's not how you it's not if you win, it's how you win. And he didn't allow him into the fight. All that experience that we talked about potentially causing problems. He took it out to play by sticking the center of the ring and dominating from the first second. &gt;&gt; I did question whether 6 minutes and 14 seconds of waiting whether the fight wouldn't last that long and within 2 minutes it was done. And there's the smile from Moses Italma. I think we're going to see him back in the ring pretty soon. Francis Warren, brilliant manager there with Frank Ben Davidson. Ring four, we're back in rehab. November the 22nd for a monster show. Anthony Yard always in the best of fights in with David Benvdz, one of the world's elite fam on the card as well. You got Devin Haney, Brian Norman, a very happy Frank Warren just looking down at us at ringside. There's Barry Smith, Moses, and the team will celebrate. And the questions are going to go now. What do they do with him? Who does he fight next? Well, job done emphatically. Not unlucky 13. He absolutely shone tonight. Michael. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, the end of this contest comes at 1 minute 59 seconds of the very first round. The winner by knockout victory. His record now still perfect. 13 fights, 13 victories, 11 wins by knockout. He is still the Intercontinental and International Champion along with the new Commonwealth title. He is Moses I 20 years of age cleaning up so far. Punch perfect yet again and in with certainly on paper the biggest name yet. I wonder whether we'll see Dillian White again. He's had a fantastic career, but Moses is the future. Addie &gt;&gt; Moses, I don't want to get in front of these cameras. These are going to be the shots that go everywhere around the world tomorrow and later on tonight. Incredible performance, Moses. So much gold. I feel like we're going to be adding to this in 2026. You smile. Congratulations on the biggest win of your career. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much, man. I appreciate it. I'd like to say a big thank you to the Saudi crowd, the English crowd, all the crowd around the world watching this. I appreciate you lot. I love and respect you lot. Second of all, I'd like to thank his excellency because he made this fight happen. Frank Warren made this fight happen. So, um, thank you very much. And the final person I'd like to say a thank you to is the body snatcher Dillian White. Um, if it wasn't for him, it takes two to tango. So, um, thank you very much for giving me this opportunity to to showcase my skills. &gt;&gt; You always said throughout the week, if I stick to my game plan, we get this job done quick. I don't think you meant that quick. The very first round, you expected this to go a bit longer. &gt;&gt; To be honest, to be honest, like what Ben was telling me what to do. Um, for the first maybe two, three minutes, I saw he was doing exactly what Ben telling me to do. But it's just, you know, the fight nerves, whatnot kicked in. And then after after maybe like the first minute, I was like, "Okay, cool. I keep seeing this happen. I can't miss it." So, um, yeah, man. Executed the game plan. It was a really good Dillian White. Let's not take away the fact it was the first round. We saw him all week and he looked incredible. Everyone kept speaking about it. 244 lbs. Physically looked insane. That really is a fantastic performance, Moses. &gt;&gt; I appreciate it, man. What's next? What's next? What's next? That's my job. That's my job to ask. &gt;&gt; Next. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Who do you want next, Moses? The world's your oyster right now. Who do you want to fight next? Um, honestly, I'll fight anyone they put in front of me. So, you shout a couple names out and I'm there. Can I say a couple of names to you? &gt;&gt; Who's it? Who's shouting us? There's a few saying who's listen. If I be completely honest, Joseph Park and Cabayel do do deserve the the shot, but I would love to take that opportunity as well. Chuck me in there with them lot. Let me bring in a man that could maybe answer a few of those questions. Frank, come in. Frank, you've had a lot of good fighters. I followed your stable for many a year. Frank, this must be one of the best prospects you've ever come across. &gt;&gt; Without a doubt. Without a doubt. He's done everything he's been asked him and it's how he's done it. He's the most unbelievable finisher. He catches you. you're in trouble and you are in trouble, you know, and you think the three losses on his record on Dillian's record with two world champions. I mean, real good quality fighters, guys who've been at the top of the game. And I mean, it one round. I mean, it was a one round. He called him and the game plan that they put together, the team, Ben and the team, it works. They got it absolutely perfect. &gt;&gt; All week, Frank, I think a lot of people were maybe changing their opinions on how this fight could go, right? I think a lot of people initially said Moses blows away Dillian. As we got closer to fight week, people's opinion started changing because of how Dillian looked. Are you surprised just how easy Moses made that look? &gt;&gt; Be honest. &gt;&gt; No. No. Yeah. &gt;&gt; No. Was I? No. I got to be honest you. Yeah, I was. And uh I thought I thought it'd be a bit longer than that, but you know uh he done it in style. I mean, he he's a phenomenal finisher. He catches you and he doesn't get flustered. He gets space on his shots. He doesn't fall into the opponent. He every shot he throws is a hurtful punch and it's a well-measured punch. He's a unbelievable unbelievable talent. Unbelievable boxing talent. Probably one of the best, if not the best, at this stage of his career I've ever been involved with. &gt;&gt; Moses, it's only around so surely we get to see you again before the end of the year. &gt;&gt; 100%. 100%. And come on Moses, give us a name. I know you said the crowd should give us a name and there's many a contender ringside as well. Who do you want to see opposite you? &gt;&gt; Usyk. This is what I saying. Usyk. &gt;&gt; What's the crowd saying? What's the crowd saying? Everyone's just shouting out Usyk. But listen, I'm not I'm ranked number one with the WBO. I'm interring champion now. So obviously Parker's also Parker's also with with that. So maybe that's a good fight. Um, I know the team mentioned they still want me to get some rounds out. Um, man, all these fights can happen. All these fights can happen. So, um, it's bigger and better, man. What's next? I'm 20 year old. I got I'm Listen, I'm only 20 years old. I got maybe 10, 15 years left in this career. So, man, there's going to be a lot of this face around. So, um, I'm just happy to be able to put a performance on for you guys. Final one, simple question. Will you be a world champion in 2026? &gt;&gt; Belter ass. Come on, man. Listen, if I get the opportunity, 100%. 100%. &gt;&gt; Well done. Congratulations on a truly incredible performance.