Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, from the A&amp;B Arena here in Riyad, Saudi Arabia, the city recognized as one of the world's greatest venues for sports and entertainment. And with that, special thanks, ladies and gentlemen, to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the custodian of the two holy mosques, King Salman bin Abdul Aziz al Su, his royal highness, the crown prince Muhammad bin Salman, and the chairman of both the General Entertainment Authority and the Saudi Boxing Federation, His Excellency Turkey Alles. Shay. This is a presentation by Esports World Cup and the General Entertainment Authority with Frank Warren for Queensbury Promotions. Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing. Spencer Brown for Gold Star Promotions, The Bible of Boxing, Ring Magazine, and Cella. sponsored by STC, Kadia, SNB, Arena Fitness Innovation, and Mike Tyson Boxing Club. on the line. Three championship titles in this 10 round contest, the WBO Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship, the WBA International Heavyweight Championship, and the vacant Commonwealth Heavyweight Championship, sanctioned by the rules and regulations of the Saudi Boxing Commission, President Jose Moan. at ringside. The three judges scoring from Belgium, Michelle Matsuida from Italy, Antonio Marona from Puerto Rico, Jose Roberto Torres. And inside the ring, in charge of the action at the bell, your referee from Sweden, Mikuel Hook. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the officials are in place and they are ready. The fighters are in the ring and they are ready. So for the thousands in attendance and the millions watching around the world from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, let's get ready to rumble. [Applause] Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing black with blue. Official weight 244 and 12 lbs. His professional record stands at 34 fights, 31 victories, including 21 big wins by knockout with only three defeats. He is the Fighting Heavyweight Pride of Brixton, London, England. The former twotime WBC interim heavyweight world champion, the body snatcher, Dillian White. And across the ring, his opponent fighting out of the red corner, wearing black and officially weighing in at 245 and 12 lbs. His professional record is a perfect one. 12 fights, 12 victories, 10 big wins by knockout from Chadam, Kent, England. He is the reigning and defending Intercontinental International Champion, the undefeated Moses. [Applause] Mind games, drama. 6 minutes and 14 seconds between Moses and Dillian getting into the ring. Does the fight go as short or does it go into deep waters? &gt;&gt; Gentlemen, predict all the time. And I say stop and break, no puncher. Stop and break, no puncher. Touchdown and good luck. A stunning August Arabian knight as Moses Italma, the precocious prince of British heavyweights. Is he squaring up to the dangerous hardened stalwart Dillian White? Is Italma the air apparent? Is White pass his best? Can Dillian really test the young Chhattam's prospect? Will it be an edgy cautious start? We remember when Dillian White took on Tyson Fury came out southpaw. Not much happened, but he can start fast. Italma has seven first round wins. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so sharp, isn't he? Generates all that power through that speed turns into the shots and the faints, the non-punching activity on point. So, how does Dillian White rubbish that? How does he get close to Moses? Feet are going to have to be fast. have to try and rough him up. But look at this positive start from Matalma. &gt;&gt; Yeah, soon as soon as the bell rang, he came out through a jab there, White. And there was a jab and and a right hook from Atama straight away. And that's the important punch. We'll talk about the left hook of of White, but that jab from the hip is hard to read. I think that's going to be important if you can get that on point. White just by reverting that right hand in front of his face, Dillian White, because you've seen how dangerous Moses Tmer is with that left hook of his. So, I'd rather have it tucked up by my temple. &gt;&gt; White really falling short with his jab, body shot from the Tama who's settled well here in the opening minute and 15 seconds. &gt;&gt; Nice relaxed start, isn't it? From the landing clean, not rushing his work. It's a nice ro again. &gt;&gt; Body shots and speed at the moment. All too much for body shot and very early. Can he survive this big punches where things have gone? He's all over the place. Having a close look right now. The clock is ticking. Oh, almost inside 2 minutes. White tries to sp his feet. He does it inside around and Moses gets the biggest win of his professional life. And he does it emphatically. And he does it with ease. And is this guy now going all the way? Dillian White complains. 37 years of age. The jam wasn't landing. The speed, the precision, and the power. All with the Talma who does it in double quick time. You said the word there with ease that you know he had everything his own way. It was simple. It was simple stuff. He could not miss and he's got the job done so easily. I'll say that word again. So easily. This man's special, Barry. &gt;&gt; He finds the time. He don't rush anything. He finds the time. Okay, Dillian's older than he was and he might have been right in front of him, but he got a lot of experience there. He could have been overall, but the occasion by who he's up against, he's only a young man and all he does is takes his time, picks his target, and once he got you hit on the temple there, had him in trouble straight away. Didn't rush his way. Watch this. Couple of shots, takes a step back automatically. Nothing's coming back. &gt;&gt; Picking his shots, not getting too close, D. Not getting those feet too close. The range is perfect. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at that. I mean, it's just it's it's so good. It's so spiteful. Everything about it, the little dip of the knees, the intelligence, that little right hook there is an absolute stunning Hollywood showcase real knockout. That that is fantastic. Look, I've been questioning the body language, if you like, of Dillian White. And we we both said something there. Did he know, Barry, that he didn't have it anymore, Dillian White? &gt;&gt; Oh, not sure. You know, I mean, you're not quite sure if you still got it. And you know, you never know, do you? But I mean either way whether he's old or not there still a good win for Tom. It was a potentially a test on paper and he didn't give white the opportunity to get into the fight. Dillian White's been a brilliant servant of the a fantastic store. He never ever got into that for any second of the fight. His jab fell short and it was with consumer ease that Talama just picked him off and knocked him out. And I know that Dillian is 37 and I know that that's what it should have done, but he was kept waiting in the ring. He kept his composure and he delivered beautifully tonight. &gt;&gt; But should he have done it that early though? I mean, he should have done it, but not that early. The way we always say the sign of a of of a potentially great fighter is when they they don't rush their work, but they get it done quick. And he that's what happens. He don't rush his work. It's all done quick. And we can't take anything away from that victory and the manner in which he's done it because we've been talking about the shape and the weight of Dillian White all week. You know, how he's really taken this serious and he's just completely ripped up the script there and announced himself in a big big way. &gt;&gt; People might question Dillian White's ambition, but he trained incredibly hard. You don't lose all that weight. Best shape in 10 years. But father time, legs, speed, and Moses. If you listen to AJ, to Fury, to Aoli, to Joe Joyce, to everybody, they all think he's the next big thing. &gt;&gt; That was a test on paper, but also, let's be realistic. We all he was a massive favorite as well. We all thought he was going to win, but it's not how you it's not if you win, it's how you win. And he didn't allow him into the fight. All that experience that we talked about potentially causing problems, he took it out to play by sticking the center of the ring and dominating from the first second. &gt;&gt; I did question whether 6 minutes and 14 seconds of waiting whether the fight wouldn't last that long. And within 2 minutes it was done. And there's the smile from Moses Italma. I think we're going to see him back in the ring pretty soon. Francis Warren, brilliant manager there with Frank Ben Davidson. Ring four. We're back in Riab November the 22nd for a monster show. Anthony Yard always in the best of fights with David Benerz, one of the world's elite. Bam on the card as well. You got Deon Haney, Brian Norman, a very happy Frank Warren just looking down at us at ringside. There's Barry Smith, Moses, and the team will celebrate. And the questions are going to go now, what do they do with him? Who does he fight next? Well, job done emphatically. Not unlucky 13. He absolutely shone tonight. Michael, &gt;&gt; ladies and gentlemen, the end of this contest comes at 1 minute 59 seconds of the very first round. The winner by knockout victory. His record now still perfect. 13 fights, 13 victories, 11 wins by knockout. He is still the Intercontinental and International Champion along with the new Commonwealth title. He is Moses, [Music] [Applause] 20 years of age, cleaning up so far. Punch perfect yet again and in with certainly on paper the biggest name yet. I wonder whether we'll see Dian White again. He's had a fantastic career. But Moses is the future. Eddie &gt;&gt; Moses, I don't want to get in front of these cameras. These are going to be the shots that go everywhere around the world tomorrow and later on tonight. Incredible performance, Moses. So much gold. I feel like we're going to be adding to this in 2026. You smile. Congratulations on the biggest win of your career. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much, man. I appreciate it. I'd like to say a big thank you to the Saudi crowd, the English crowd, all the crowd around the world watching this. I appreciate you. I love and respect you. Second of all, I'd like to thank his excellency because he made this fight happen. Frank Warren made this fight happen. So, um, thank you very much. And the final person I'd like to say a thank you to is the body snatcher Dillian White. Um if it wasn't for him, it takes two to tango. So um thank you very much for giving me this opportunity to to showcase my skills. &gt;&gt; You always said throughout the week, if I stick to my game plan, we get this job done quick. I don't think you meant that quick. The very first round, you expected this to go a bit longer. Uh to be honest, to be honest, like what Ben was telling me what to do, um for the first maybe 2, three minutes, I saw he was doing exactly what Ben telling me to do, but it's just, you know, the fight nerves, whatnot kicked in. And then after after maybe like the first minute, I was like, "Okay, cool. I keep seeing this happen. I can't miss it." So, um yeah, man. Executed the game plan. &gt;&gt; It was a really good Dillian White. Let's not take away the fact it was the first round. We saw him all week and he looked incredible. Everyone kept speaking about it. 244 lbs. Physically looked insane. That really is a fantastic performance, Moses. &gt;&gt; I appreciate it, man. What What's next? What's next? What's next? &gt;&gt; That's my job. That's my job to ask. &gt;&gt; What's next? &gt;&gt; What Who do you want next, Moses? The world's your oyster right now. Who do you want to fight next? &gt;&gt; Um, honestly, I'll fight anyone they put in front of me. So you shout a couple names out and I'm there. Can I say a couple of names to you? &gt;&gt; Please don't shout us. There's a few saying. Listen listen. If I be completely honest, Joseph Park and Cabel do deserve the the shot, but I would love to take that opportunity as well. Chuck me in there with them lot. Let me bring in a man that could maybe answer a few of those questions. Frank, come in. Frank, you've had a lot of good fighters. I have followed your stable for many a year, Frank. This must be one of the best prospects you've ever come across. &gt;&gt; Without a doubt. Without a doubt. He's done everything he's been asked of him and it's how he's done it. He's the most unbelievable finisher. He catches you, you're in trouble. And you are in trouble, you know, and you think the three losses on his record on Dillian's record with the world champions. I mean, real good quality fighters, guys who've been at the top of the game. And I mean, it one round. I mean, it was a one round. He called him and the game plan that they put together, the team, Ben and the team, it works. They got it absolutely perfect. &gt;&gt; All week, Frank, I think a lot of people were maybe changing their opinions and how this fight could go, right? I think a lot of people initially said Moses blows away Dillian. As we got closer to fight week, people's opinion started changing because of how Dillian looked. Are you surprised just how easy Moses made that look? &gt;&gt; Be honest. &gt;&gt; No, you surprised. &gt;&gt; No. Was I? No. I got to be honest you. Yeah, I was. And uh I thought I thought there'd be a bit longer than that, but you know, uh he done it in style. I mean, he he's a phenomenal finisher. He catches you and he doesn't get flustered. He gets space on his shots. He doesn't fall into the opponent. Every shot he throws is a hurtful punch and it's a well-measured punch. He's a unbelievable unbelievable talent. Unbelievable boxing talent. probably one of the best, if not the best, at this stage of his career I've ever been involved with. &gt;&gt; Moses, it's only around, so surely we get to see you again before the end of the year. &gt;&gt; 100%. 100%. &gt;&gt; And come on, Moses, give us a name. I know you said the crowd should give us a name, and there's many a contender ringside as well. Who do you want to see opposite you, these are saying, Usyk? &gt;&gt; What's the crowd saying? What's the crowd saying? Everyone's just shouting out Usyk. But listen, I'm not I'm ranked number one with the WBO. I'm inter champion now. So, obviously Parker's also Parker's also with with that. So, maybe that's a good fight. Um I know the team mentioned they still want me to get some rounds out. Um all these fights can happen. All these fights can happen. So, um it's bigger and better, man. What's next? I'm 20 years old. I got I'm Listen, I'm only 20 years old. I got maybe 10 15 years left in this career. So, man, there's going to be a lot of this face around. So, um I'm just happy to be able to put a performance on for you guys. Final one, simple question. Will you be a world champion in 2026? &gt;&gt; Belter ass. Come on, man. Listen, if I get the opportunity, 100%. 100%. &gt;&gt; Well done. Congratulations on a truly incredible performance to &gt;&gt; stick with us beyond the bell when we come [Applause]