Kind: captions Language: en live worldwide. Let's first welcome to the ring the challenger from Australia, Dempsey the Tower McKe. One of the most amable, chatty fighters on the modern scene, the polite but dangerous tower, the 6'6 Australian Dempsey McKeen entering this Kingdom Arena. And he is indeed a man from down under. A former rugby player. He came to boxing really through MMA, but he's racked up 22 wins in 23. And he wants his place in this heavyweight world. Darren, &gt;&gt; he does. He's had a taste of the big fights when he lost to Philip Herovich. A fight where he will have learned an awful lot. He had moments in that fight that this is a a different task altogether. You got a guy in front of you who's being spoken about beating potentially Mike Tyson's record of being the youngest ever heavyweight champion of the world. What can this man do? Can he get that experience into this fight? It's a tough task. And now, let's welcome to the ring, the undefeated defending champion from England, Moses. Oh, Is this teenager the future of the world heavyweight picture? Many current fighters and former champions pretty much universally agree that Moses Itama will develop into a huge star at the top of this pugilistic tree. He's still in the embryionic stages, the early education, but the signs are really good. A sparkling southpaw. He's crushing tough opposition and he looks the real deal, doesn't he? &gt;&gt; Oh, he does. He looks everything as a future star to me. The movement he has. Look at this. 69% think he'll win. Only 31% think Dempsey Mcken or experience bigger guy will win. And that just shows the the hope and the belief that everyone has in him most of the time that he may will be a future star. Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for our co-main event. It is scheduled for 10 rounds and it will be for the WBO Intercontinental vacant WBA International and vacant Commonwealth Silver Heavyweight Championships brought to you by Riot Season and the General Entertainment Authority. GIA with Frank Warren for Queensberry Promotions, Bob Arum for Top Rank Incorporated and Cella in association with Eddie Hearns Matchroom Boxing and Gold Star Promotions along with our great sponsors Saudi Tourism Authority, Saudi National Bank, STC, Dr. Sullean, Elhabib Medical Group, Saudia Airlines, New Muaba Development Company, Tawunia, Lucid Motors, and Alan Feedi. Sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control, board representatives Robin Smith and Robert W. Smith, along with the World Boxing Organization, President and Supervisor Gustavo Olivieti. The World Boxing Association President Gilberto Mendoza Jr. Supervisor Thomas Boots and the Commonwealth Boxing Council Supervisor Simon Block. Our three judges assigned will be Oliver Bryan of Germany, Leek Jeanoviaak of Poland, and John Laam of England. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be Bob Williams of England. &gt;&gt; Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing white with black and blue and weighed in officially at 251.1 lbs. coming to us from Gold Coast, Australia. He brings a professional record consisting of 22 wins, just one defeat. 14 of those 22 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former Australia, the former WBO Asia-Pacific, and the former IBF Intercontinental Champion, Dempsey, the Tower McKe &gt;&gt; and his opponent across the ring in this co-ain event. He is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing black with white and weighed in officially at 249.1 lb. Hailing from Chattam, Kent, England, he had a stellar amateur career. And now at age 19, he is undefeated as a professional with 10 wins. Eight of those 10 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending WBO Intercontinental Heavyweight Champion, Moses. Okay, gentlemen, this is for the WBO, WBA, Intercontinental and International Titles. When I say box, you box. When I say break, you break. Obey my commands at all times. In the event of somebody getting knocked down, you go to the furthest neutral corner until you get further instruction. Touch gloves. 11th professional outing for the sizzling southpaw, Moses Itama, as he looks to catapult himself to the higher echelons of the heavyweight division in double quick time. So far so good. But a tall decent man in front of him in Dempsey McKe with ambition of his own rebuilding after that 12th round defeat to Philip Herovich. He's had a long training camp in Australia be sparring with Jetire and others. He's confident of causing an upset. He's got a decent team with him, but a Talma could be very very special. &gt;&gt; No, he is. He's a ridiculous talent. the variation, the sping, the shots, the knowhow, always setting traps. Razor, razor sharp hands. &gt;&gt; I'm just saw. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did. Not too sure about the the talent tape though that we see. He looks taller than Dempsey McGee and it looks like he's got a longer reach also. &gt;&gt; Can he deal with this extremely talented fighter in a Talma Barry? It's the fast hands, isn't it? the mobility, the speed of shot from the tower. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the angle and the variety that he has. Now he gets he can dip his shoulder and punching an upward angle. A little shovel shot here. Screw shot there with Dempsey McKeen. He's going to have a high guard that well that arm in front to keep at bay. But look at the elbows. Look how wide the elbows are. You got to be careful there cuz Atama comes in low and he works that body. He might be in trouble. Oh, shot three in the opening minute and a half here. And Dempsey McCain takes a very heavy fall and a Tower could be on the brink of another emphatic fast victory. He knocked out Marius back in a couple of rounds. And now for Dempsey McCain. Can the Australian recover? He's trying to get his stance back, but a Tower That's it. Two coming from that fight. Corner in. Italian wins in one. And it's devastating fashion as Dempsey McKeen is blown away. And that's victory number 11. And another knockout. And maybe he could become the youngest heavyweight champion in history. &gt;&gt; That was meant to be a test for him. That was a step up. A massive step up. That was a test. He's meant to be at least a little little difficulty there and he literally blasted off there. Unbelievable shot. &gt;&gt; Incredible. This young man is a future superstar. Mark my words. That was phenomenal. Absolutely remarkable the way he's dispatched there. An experienced fighter in comparison. Easy work for Moses Atalama. It was impressive how calm he was in his approach when he knocked him down. He was he was stalking him, waiting to get on him. But still, he didn't rush it. He just waited for the opportunity. Do that big shot over the top. I don't know what's more impressive. The shot that he knocked him down with the last shot or McKeen got it back up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I know how long and hard Dempsey McKeen had trained for that and Moses Atalma blows him away. Marius Fak told me the last man that went in with a Talma, he was part of Usyk's training camp and he said he could not deal with the speed and the angles and I think that's what it is. A Talma Southpaw as well. 19 years old. &gt;&gt; Exactly. You took the the number out of my mouth. 19 years old. Incredible. So just to recap, Mike Tyson was 20 years and four months when he became the youngest heavyweight champion in history. So Talmer might have to do it by April. This is the finish. &gt;&gt; Look at that. There was a faint before he the first knockdown. There was a faint before he attacked. He a little faint attack. And look at that left hand. It's a cuffing shot on the top of the head. McKen gets up a little bit too early, but he finds his feet and he regains his feet. But Otama was waiting for him. He was so calm and just just looking at McKeen looking for the spot just looking for the mistake and then the sec the second knockdown. Look at that. He goes down low with the one over the top with the left. That is textbook. That is dips the knees so he gets full leverage with that arcing shot over the top. Watch it now. &gt;&gt; Touch low. Bam. Right over the top. That's a crushing shot. &gt;&gt; Class. Absolute class. And that was a career heaviest he's been at to man. You can see the difference in the shots. It was always a big puncher, but they they were devastating blows. &gt;&gt; And that's why they get paid the most money for that. One, you got to take that shot. Two, you give us that. &gt;&gt; Dempsey McKeen was back in his corner shaking his head. He just didn't know what hit him as Moses Atalama gets his ninth stoppage win. It's just ridiculous the way that he is taking out these seasoned campaigners and uh surely he's a world heavyweight champion of the future whenever they decide to take that step. &gt;&gt; Where where do you go with him Darren? I I mean it's it's it's an almost an answerable question, isn't it? The too far. Well, Moses Atalma, maybe he'll be back in February or March. February 22nd's already stacked and crammed. Best card ever. Bibl go at it again. But took the treasure last time. Some thought Bivville should have won it. They rematch quickly. February 22nd. And remember, Dwis and Parker and many others are on there as Moses Atalma does his hair. And why not? Lovely guy out of the ring. Menacing in it. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 57 seconds of round number one. Your winner by way of technical knockout. still WBO Intercontinental and new WBA International and Commonwealth silver heavyweight champion Moses