Kind: captions Language: en What was before the boxing? So, before the boxing there wasn't much really cuz I would have been like 8, 9 years old. Just kind of very bored. I had a I had a Nigerian father who was adamant on me becoming a doctor or something. So, I had to try find a way to get out of the house. Boxing was the one. I wasn't really going to come into it at first. But then I did. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [screaming] [cheering] [music] &gt;&gt; You want to start from the beginning. But I'm only 21. I always had an idea that I was going to be a boxer. Um I remember watching like I used to like watching like Floyd Mayweather's lifestyle videos. And um and I was just like this is this is the kind of life that I want. And it was more of the kind of the respect, the yeah, the lifestyle, the accolades you get of being a boxer. And then I remember when I actually like I went [music] I went to spar Lawrence Okolie when I was like 14, 15 years old. &gt;&gt; I'm in training camp for a world title, yeah? See this boy here? He's 15. And his brother is going to be 20. Happy birthday, Karol. They are the most freakish boys I've ever Well done, cuz they What? What? Watch out. Watch out. Those first four rounds were hardest [music] rounds I've ever done in in the sport, to be fair. And everybody had like Rolex watches, everybody had like big cars, Range Rover this, Range Rover that. And I was just like like this is like this is pretty sick. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I was like this is what I want to do. And then even like it was like last year when Anthony Joshua was still training training [music] at this gym. I remember I turned up to sparring one time. And then obviously I was just but he was sparring. And like I remember I saw Rolls-Royces outside, blacked-out Volvos and X5s and I was just like yeah, this is this is that this is my sort of business. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I only kind of really refer Slovakia as home because that's where I was born. But it's kind of hard to ignore that like England England has kind of shaped my personality. Um obviously I don't I don't like to tie myself down to one country. Um I'm a I'm a citizen of the world as they say. Um obviously I went back to Nigeria. I know or I can see that I have a home there as well. Um so I wouldn't I would like when I say back home I just go back to the places but go back to my roots. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, of course. Um but yeah, I'll probably say I guess England kind of has shaped me because if it like if I wasn't if my mom hadn't of left Slovakia I wouldn't be in the position I'm now. So, yeah, I wouldn't I wouldn't really class myself as a as anything if I'm being honest. Obviously my dad obviously he lived in he lived in London for a little bit but my mom my mom didn't my mom didn't know anything about like England or whatnot. Um so she kind of blindly followed my dad over here and um yeah, she was like you you're going to have more opportunities in England. And I remember for a long time I thought I thought that to myself. I'm like my mom took us all like from Slovakia to England for a better opportunity. It's like I better fool fool through with this. So I can't stop. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; What you say? Survive and conquer. When I was going back to Slovakia I was just more like training with my brother. Um my cousins they are they do Thai kickbox. And I was just sparring like boxing sparring them. Um so like yeah, so we would go we'll go around we spar everybody like um my uncles they're kind of known for a little bit of um they kind of have a little bit of a terror back in their home village. I mean, whose uncle don't? Um so yeah, we just put all to the test. Everybody just used to put some gloves on. We used to spar. And that was that was the kind of way I learned. I remember sparring one of my cousins and he was like you're better off working at McDonald's. He was just like yeah, you're going to make it in boxing and then X, Y, Z. And then yeah. You know like the comparison of obviously me and Mike Tyson was obviously when I first turned professional I tried to uh attempt to beat his record which was the youngest heavyweight world champion. Um to be honest if like first maybe two, three months in my professional career I knew that that's that's not even in my hands. It's in the hands of the managers or promoters that are in charge of your career. So I didn't I kind of went for it anyway. I was like you know what, let me try to steamroll everyone and try to force myself into that position. But obviously I was unable to do it. But um yeah, even [music] though I wasn't able to achieve that record around that time I still managed to beat David Haye um in such a in such a short period of time as in like it was like two and a half years as a professional. I was only 20 years old. So I mean personally I don't like the comparison but it's not me that's making it, is it? So &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, um I just have to smile. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; He says he wants to stop you. So does everybody in it. You know I went to my dad's house the other day and one of his friends was there. He was like he wants to fight you. I was like dad, everybody wants to fight me. So it is what it is, isn't it? It is what it is, isn't it? But some people are giving him no chance. Your your trajectory is doing this. You can't blame him though, innit? With the career that I've had you can't blame people for thinking that I'm that I'm going to be able to knock him out in one or two rounds. I've got to work really hard for something that some people say so casually. But just shut up and do your work, innit? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; My brother he was in um he was in the classroom with with like two or three other boxers. Um two of them were actually national champions. One of them was a pro professional actually. Um and they were just talking about boxing. He wanted to get involved. And then after he won his first national title I was just like uh he he was like uh like Recall it's my family name. He was like why don't why don't you do it as well? And I was like yeah, why not? I'm only doing too much. I mean, I'm 9 years old. So what could I be doing? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So so yeah, um then never really looked back. What were their reactions when you said I'm going to try boxing even as a 9-year-old I'm going to try boxing? I don't think my mom I think I don't think my mom really cared until she saw like me and my brother like sparring in the garden. And she was like they're killing each other like and then I remember when we was going to Slovakia um we was going home and I was sparring my uncles um my cousins everybody was we literally just sparring and like my grandma was losing it. She was like who created such a such a stupid sport? It was like you guys are literally killing each other like X, Y, Z. Uh but like um I guess I feel like I need it. Um yeah, my mom wasn't she wasn't too uh she wasn't too fussed until she actually saw me sparring. I remember my dad come watch me spar one time and he was like I don't feel comfortable with it. But um but yeah, ultimately like um it was a career path that I chose. And I guess I don't know if they're proud of me or not. But yeah. How big is this fight? Wait, every fight is big. Especially your [music] next one because the pro like the thing is with with with my career it's like Luis Ortiz can afford to lose [music] a fight. Tyson Fury could afford to lose a fight. Everybody can afford to lose a fight because they've already proved it. For example, who would have thought that Fabio is where he is now? It's back on now. So even if he lost this fight people are still going to tune in. People [music] are still going to watch him. Whereas like if I lose to Jermaine Franklin it's like it's going to be a long road trying to rebuild my Moses Itauma. [music] And if you didn't know, now you do.