Kind: captions Language: en Maxi Hughes, welcome to Dublin. We can hear the rain coming down outside, but Saturday night promises to be a cracker in the ring. You've stepped in against Pierce Olirri. &gt;&gt; How has this come about? How are we here? &gt;&gt; Uh, well, as it seems, you know, I were actually looking forward to watching this fight, you know, versus Mark Chamberlain. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, as a boxing fan, you know, &gt;&gt; saw it coming up and I like, right, I'll, you know, I'll take part in that. It was um two two weeks ago I was up in Belfast helping Cole Murphy sparring for his fight on this bill with John O' Carol. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And then obviously I started looking at the bill. I thought you know what it's a good bill this I'm looking forward to watching this. You know I'll get me tub of Greek yogurt maybe a few tins of Guinness and I'll enjoy watching that. Uh the next you know next couple of days I gets a phone call me manager and it's like uh do you want to fight on that bill? and I says, "Why not? It's what I'm in the sport for." You know, coming up coming off a loss that the loss that I had in December. Um, I've almost had a bit of a chip on my shoulder with my training, my attitude towards boxing, with the circumstances around that with Sean having an art attack, fight day, and fight just not going my way. I was like, I'm better than that and I want a chance to prove it. I don't know when I'm going to fight again, you know, and this opportunity against Oly, it's the weight above um for the IBO world title, you know, I've jumped at it. &gt;&gt; There is a few things from what you've just said that I want to pick over, but let's speak about Shawn and the heart attack first which you just mentioned. Do you want to just expand on that a little bit for those who don't know maybe who Sha is or the situation and circumstances around that and an update as to how it's all going now? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So my coach Sean Oagan, Josh Warrington's father, [snorts] um we had a fight out on the it's almost exactly it might be three months today actually. I think it was the 11th or 12th of December out in Dubai WBA world title eliminator. Training had gone all right. Again, another quite short notice fight, but one we were confident in. Um and then we had a bit of a routine. We'd meet in reception. We'd have breakfast and go out for a coffee. Um so get wakes up fight day um goes down. I'm like where's Sean? He's normally first one down here and my other coach Charlie he put his arm around me and he said I don't want you to worry but &gt;&gt; oh god &gt;&gt; and I he says in hospital and I went you're joking. I says, "Is he alive?" Says, "Is his two wheels?" He says, "Yeah." He says, "He's he's had an heart attack this morning and he's currently right as we speak about 9:00 at the morning. He's having surgery." So, we couldn't we had to wait till he got out of surgery and made sure that he he had uh four stances fitted. So, you know, when when we were able to our our obviously obviously concern is not just me coach, he's me. M &gt;&gt; um so the fight weren't even on my mind. I was just like, "When can we get in?" You know, just that little pest at the hospital reception desk saying, "When can we see him? &gt;&gt; I want to know that he's all right. How's the operation gone?" Um I think it around midday that he he got out of surgery. But they still wasn't they weren't too keen on letting us in cuz they were in ICU. Um but eventually I I explained the situation and and his he's he was okay. The surgery went well um he's come out of it good. Uh but unfortunately he wasn't in my corner that night and I realize now how much I missed him, you know, being there and and stuff like that. Um so I've told him he's under strict orders to have no heart attacks until at least Sunday. Um till we've got this right one. Um, so yeah, it were and there I think the the main way that it impacted me was I I was just too negative and you know it's I don't want to use it as an excuse but that wasn't the best version of me in there in the ring on 11th 12th of December. So you know this has come around and you know providing Sean don't go down on us um we're ready for a lot better version of Maxi who's turning up Saturday night. Uh really well said mate and obviously I mean maybe late in the day we pass on all our best to Sean as well and and long mate the no heart attack run. Um just before we move forward the other thing I wanted to pick you up on. &gt;&gt; You said you were going to sit down with your tub of Greek yogurt and tins of Guinness. Is this a fighters diet? Is it Max? &gt;&gt; It's uh I've got I absolutely love Greek yogurt. You know, when I when I'm dieting and training for a fat, I have to I have to measure my portion, but if I'm free to thingy, my wife goes mad cuz we have to buy like four or five tubs a week, &gt;&gt; the big ones. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I do half a tuber in one sitting. [laughter] Um that's my guilty pleasure. And since sparring with uh Col a couple of weeks ago, I I first time really trying a Guinness and I really got the taste for it. So I thought, right, St. Patty's weekend, some boxing on. I've still got them in fridge now. I've got an eight pack of ganice waiting for me. So, unfortunately, they're going to have to wait till I get back. &gt;&gt; We should probably talk about the fight. &gt;&gt; It's why is why we're here. Yeah. It's why we're here. Peri was sitting in in that chair a few minutes ago. &gt;&gt; Uh and to put it bluntly, he says he's going to knock you out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I expect no less from him. &gt;&gt; What kind of fight do you see happening? I think you're going to see a vintage Maxi who's, you know, some of those great performance I've had, skill, um, a bit of all that. That's what I've, you know, I've been training. I've shown it in the gym, the sparring, and usually over experience. You know, this is fight number 40 for me now, you know, and I think I I had a count the other day. I think just over half of my fights have been championship fights, you know. I've I've been in the ring with better than Pierce Ory. I've beat better than Pierce Ory. So, um you know, I've got the experience. Um he's he's not showing me anything I haven't seen before. &gt;&gt; It's my job to stir the pot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Pre preace this with this. He's he sits there and he said, "Every time you stepped up, you've not shown that you can compete with the level that he is at." Well, I've beaten better than the level he's at. His biggest win was Liam Dylan. Um, &gt;&gt; which is a good win. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a good win, but very close. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very close fight. And let's not forget Liam Dylan. I'm moving up one weight to fight Pierce. Liam Dylan moved two weights to fight Pierce and gave him a hell of a fight. Um, you know, I've dealt with the skills of Kid Galad. You know, nobody can say that Kid Gallowad's not a good fighter. He's won every belt in boxing. Um, great fighter. You know, I've been, although it didn't go my way, I've shared rounds with Williams Aida who's on that elite level. Again, another fighter I didn't get the win. Although everybody knows I should have had me hand raised. George Cambosus, former undisputed lightweight world champion. You know what I mean? Even even I think he's a former stablemate of uh PS is Archie Sharp. you know, the fight were a bit of a stinker, but I showed discipline and I did what I needed to do to win. Um, you know, I think just in those fights alone, you know, never mind all the other fights, the other championship fights I've had. It's it's all being a lot higher level than than what Pierce O's fought at. &gt;&gt; Do you plan on addressing these things with Pierce when you see him? &gt;&gt; No, I'm not one two for words. I like to do my fight, you know, my talking in the ring. I love it. You know, I'm probably the underdog again. I've come in at short notice. So, uh, you know, a habit since I picked up at school is, uh, I love I love shutting confident people up. People who underestimate me. I I love shutting them up. &gt;&gt; Well, Saturday night, we'll find out who shuts who up. We look forward to it. And your Greek yogurt and tins of Guinness will be picked up after the fight. Maxi, all the best. We can't wait to see it. &gt;&gt; Thank you, mate. Yes.