Kind: captions Language: en amazing brave hearts of years gone by. How good is he? Next chapter in Scottish boxing folklore as he aims to become the European champion. But in his way, Spain's orthodox, tricky, good technician, Christoal Lorente, third defense of the title, a final eliminator for the WBC nine stone belt. And that is what fired Collins up when he heard that that was on the line as well as the European title. But it's a prestigious belt, Darren. He got introduced first. I wonder if that will irritate him Lorente. Yeah, potentially. As you say, though, Nathaniel Collins, he's fired up for this. He means business. He's got the bit between his teeth. He really wants to add that European title to his already fantastic collection. But Lorente can fight. He's awkward. He's He's a fighter that grows into contest. As the rounds progress, he starts to get behind his jab and he starts to creep forward. So, it's important that Collins who started very quickly maintains this. We got a very fast start from Collins when he dismantled Lee McGregor. A really good performance that night. Can he step up the levels and will he become the world champion that many in these parts believe he can do his southpaw skills? &gt;&gt; You like him, don't you, Barry? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's very very good. You know, that's good combination there. He's an aggressive counter puncher. He wants you to force you to throw an encounter off that very fast, but he closes his face very very quickly. He intimidates you with that front foot. You see it here now. a forward as it forward in this fight. It's the got to the jam's not fast but it's awkward and it's hard to read his rhythm. So you almost got to ignore his rhythm and stay low. If you stay low with Lenti, it gives you so many options when you're coming forward. I think for for Collins that's going to be the key to getting his combinations and his rhythm working for him. The &gt;&gt; Spanish camp were telling me this week that he has left no stone unturned. Christoal Lorente to defend this title. He's brought plenty of Spanish support as well and looking to get that jab going. He's strong and tough and he's won away from home before, but he has been on the floor. Yeah, he has the Italian Forte who he beat to win the title and it was a lovely left hand. And we've seen how destructive Collins can be with that left hand. So he's got to keep that right hand of his held high. Tuck that chin down. Work behind the jab. Awkwardly effective. Lorente and seeing out this first round. You don't need to. All right. Don't forget closer. Don't look for big shots. You understand? He's not strong enough to you. All right, he is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awkward and he's big long distance. Joe Ham senior in that blue corner and the blue and white skirt-like outfit with Izzy his daughter on the front and night man on the back. He puts the mask on Nathaniel Collins, but he's a cheeky chappie. Lovely guy out of the ring. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he really is. Boy, can he fight? He really can. Barry said, an aggressive counter puncher. He's not afraid to plant his feet and really turn the hips into the shots. He's going to have to to use his brain a lot here. He's going to have to think about how he's going to land these shots. See, Lorente is already showing that he's crafty on the back foot. He moves. He does pull out of range and the chin does come high at times and that was why he did get caught and dropped with that left hook from &gt;&gt; Forte. He's got to tidy up. Keep the shape out of him. &gt;&gt; Crafties the work. That's what he's trying to do. Christoal Lorente disrupt the rhythm of the southpaw Collins. He's got the height and reach if he stands and uses it. Lorente 59 and a half. Can he get that jab going? Good movement from Collins. &gt;&gt; Lorente fires back under pressure and I think that's something that Collins are probably not used to as much. Good work from Collins getting good left hand. So Con's got to be aware of that when he throws. When you box this guy, a taller guy than you with a longer reach, his firing line's different to yours. So you got to stay underneath that radar. Certainly after you've thrown your shots, your exit rout's got to be tight. But he's going to fire back. So all you do, all you don't want to do is pump your head up in the pan and get caught with a long straight left or right. So you stay low, you pivot, run to the side. You you evade all his is is counter attack. But also that allows you a second phase of attack from a safe place. It's quite simple and Collins with his balance and his footwork can do that so easily. &gt;&gt; Both of them missing. Lorente particularly out of range. &gt;&gt; Good left hand. The back hand from Collins is dangerous. &gt;&gt; He varies the attack, doesn't he? When he comes forward, Collins, he won't always lead with his right hand. Sometimes start with the left. bringing his feet in well there. There's a there's an occasion here where Lente takes half a step back. He's got to fire back with his right hand. He's given a an opportunity there to throw a counter, but he's not letting it go yet. Adam more from Collins. Left hook to the body about 15 seconds ago. Was a good one. That led to McGregor's undoing really. And he'll be targeting that tall body of the European featherweight champion here. Lorente just a bit circumspect. He's got his amazing stance here. That's why &gt;&gt; everything he does is threatening. &gt;&gt; There's that body shot again, Barry. 10 seconds left in the second. He's looking strong and powerful. The south ball from Scotland. &gt;&gt; But even when he's not throwing, he's threatening all the time. That front foot is putting him under pressure. Rapper Martin Sandal Martin. What a fighter he is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he can move. He can fight and so can Nathaniel Collins improving in that round there. landing a lovely left hook. He took it well. Lorente who, like I say, I just feel he needs to he's taken a step back, Lorente, and he's just waiting too long. He needs to throw his right hand. But it's been a good start from Collins. &gt;&gt; Caught in a bit of a daze, I suspect. Crisal Lorente menacing, stalking Carl Frank to Nathaniel Collins. Yeah, he's looking good so far. Um, good start to the fight. He he's he's landed with a jab. Um, he's going to the body as well sometimes. What I've noticed here is Collins, but after he throws the jab, sometimes Lorente leans down kind of to his right. And I would like to see Collins throwing his his back hand kind of not not a bolo shot, but like a hook up the way sort of, you know what I'm trying to say, Bar. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a looping shot, but kind of in between the body and the head. And I think he might duck into it. Can he control the center of the ring? The EVU champion. Is he good enough? Technically, 20 victories in his 22 fights. A couple of drawers. He's got to be careful about walking into that left hand of Collins. &gt;&gt; And do you know what wants to throw the fight? I don't know if you remember the fight with Sergio Martinez when he knocked out knocked out Williams for Williams. He takes a couple of steps to his right hand side and then throws the left over the top. We've seen already how well he throws that front foot for Collins. &gt;&gt; And that's the shot that Cal I think is what you just said. Yeah, I think that's that's the punch for me. Loren, he's always going to throw that jab, not even to land, just to encourage Collins to come on and then really commit with his right hand cuz Collins might jump in. Sometimes he jumps into his attack and with that that right hand can get on target nearly landed there. that shot that we thought &gt;&gt; very close there to landing and he's just trying to take away all those reach and height advantages of Lorente. &gt;&gt; Lent should invite invite him on by throwing that left hand. &gt;&gt; Good southpaw jab down to the body. Lorente trying to come back with a right hand of his own. these body shots I think that Collins is trying to bank. &gt;&gt; Just got to keep his shape here, Collins. Oh, he's lifting his chin up every now and again. And again, like I said, you got to stay below that fire line to stay nice and low always. &gt;&gt; He has the wide stance and the footwork to know to work in that range and be far more effective. You heard Josh Taylor saying it was going to be a little tricky early for Collins, &gt;&gt; but he's really disrupted Lorente who is ducking and diving and can't quite get set on those those feet. Those red boots are a bit all over the shop. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's the accuracy and the comm commitment to the shot from Collins is also the reason why I do feel he can climb up the rankings. Oh, nice right hand though from Lorento. Straight down the middle of that guard. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good shot. Just a reminder to Collins. He's got to keep the upper body moving as well. Left hand out from Lurente. Back comes Collins. Good end to that one. Make sure you catch inside the ring every Monday on the zone. Max Kellerman and Mike Coffinger bringing you closer to the action. Breaking news, analysis and interviews with boxing's biggest names. Mike, a brilliant duo. And they're a good duo as well. Johan and Antonio make something. Okay. &gt;&gt; Into the fourth round. EBU European title belongs at the moment to the man in the red and black trunks. The 29year-old from Barcelona, Christoal Lorente Campo. Third defense of the title, 23rd outing in a career that started back in 2016. He's a good solid fighter, but he's not winning these rounds. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. But this is what he tries to do, Lorente. He grows into the fight. So he lets the first few rounds pass by. Then he tries to get the fast. I think that will do Collins the favor though that he's looking for. &gt;&gt; I mean Collins is not the sort of fight you wanted to get into his rhythm. That's for sure. And I think he's had a really good start here. Collins. Again, they just got to keep disciplined as we say it all the time. So important against especially an erratic mover like Lorente. He's hard to read and willing to fire back when he is hurt or under pressure. That's an ery jerky style the Spaniard's got. But Collins sticking to the game with the look of these uppercuts. Just more variety from the fists of Nathaniel Collins. A good intent though from Lorente trying to force the pace trying to get on the front foot having some success but doesn't say that he does hook on to couple of lovely clean shots from Collins. He he rips out of the right hook over the top. really good than he steps inside with his foot inside the center of the stance of Lente then whips that hook over the top. So he sort of sells it with his body's going the other way. &gt;&gt; Barry Lorente definitely more aggressive in this round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's not I don't think he's doing him any favors though actually. I think he's walking on for more punches. &gt;&gt; Oh, good shot there from Lorente. &gt;&gt; Not getting the head back. And that's just not bending his legs. That's all that is. &gt;&gt; See, when you do fire tall fight, you tend to want to go the same. You tend to get taller yourself, but there's no reason for it. Tell you what, he's got Lorente. Plenty of experience of these longer championship fights. &gt;&gt; And he might be testing Collins if this goes down the stretch. &gt;&gt; Just out of range there, Collins a couple of times. Could get frustrated. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he could start that jab low then come back up with the left hand. Just changing the level slightly with that lead hand. Then he can come back upstairs. He's just reading that left a little, isn't he? Lorenzo. Lorente. Sorry. &gt;&gt; What he has though, Collins? Go with his lovely skills. He's got that tenacity, haven't he? That's a little bit extra that gives him a little bit nastier at times. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what he commits to the shots, doesn't he? Really lets him go. That was good work again. He's coming square there, Lorenzo. Oh, comes back with a right hand though in the leg. &gt;&gt; It's been a better round this from Lorente. Okay. Okay. Good work from Lorente at times. Bit scrappy the action, but the Spaniard just laid a marker there, Barry. &gt;&gt; That's a prime example of what we say all the time. What you do after the punch is almost as important as the punch itself. He landed with some good shots there, Collins. Didn't move his heads, kept held his feet and got caught back. There's a word, my favorite word in the boxing dictionary is pivot. &gt;&gt; Throw your punches, pivot around him, and he won't be able to get near you. &gt;&gt; Beautiful shot of the Bray Head Arena. Main event live on the zone. 12 rounds in the featherweight division. It's the final eliminator for Steven Fulton's WBC belt. Quite confusing. Is this even for WWE? &gt;&gt; There's about three or four craving WBC. &gt;&gt; And they're all good fighters by the way. &gt;&gt; They are. But Nathaniel Connor is number one ranked WBA champion Nick Ball, IBF, Angelo Leo, WBO Raphael Espinosa. Plenty of options in 2026. He's got to get through this first. You can see there in the jam statistic, Collins well ahead. Yeah, it's been that lead hand has been impressive. But the body language better though is this from Lorente looking to try and get a foothold in the contest. Hold the central ring. Does walk on to the shots of Collins. Good variation with the left hand there going to the body then back upstairs to the head. Good footwork from Collins as well. &gt;&gt; Just too sharp, isn't he, for the N Collins. You don't have the really best of to do it either. &gt;&gt; Body work again, but Lorente staying with him this seasoning. He's not overruled at all. Good combinations and the squad crowd slightly quieter. Lorente definitely starting to warm into this. That was better. I let the socks go. Remove, didn't he? You were saying Barry that it's no good admiring your work and getting caught or something. &gt;&gt; That's what he done there shot move his feet his head about trouble but again Lorente start to put his foot on the gas at him. Yeah I've seen a real improvement in the work of Chrisel Lorente. I'm just WONDERING WHETHER IT'S THAT EXPERIENCE he's got at European level &gt;&gt; the championship rounds the &gt;&gt; fact he's traveled as well in close a bit of nose damage for Lorente but he's taking more chances now &gt;&gt; it looks like a cut doesn't just inside of the eye there from Lorenz or something on the left hand side I think is boxing well here is his hands a little bit Good work from Collins there. &gt;&gt; There's a bit of damage. Left eye and the nose of the Spaniard. &gt;&gt; Tell you what, forgive Lorente's pops here. He's making he's not enjoying the fight like he was in the first round. I still believe he's doing well. He's boxing nice on the front. This is good pressure from the Spaniard. Yeah, shots. delivery to the head as well. Fast hands of Crisal Lorente &gt;&gt; doing better. The man from Barcelona. &gt;&gt; Josh Taylor will be joining us for Beyond the Bell later. Always good to see him. Alongside him is Christian Kirky. Never get there. He is one of the big manager promoters in Italy. And he has been telling me this week that this guy Christo Lorente is better than he looks. He's really strong and tough and he'll give him a real real fright tonight. Nathaniel Collins, he said that the same as well that he's a brave game champion and he wants to keep hold of the belt. Durant is a real oldfashioned sort of 80s 90s European level fight that we won't go beyond it but will stay this level and is a test for anyone afelt &gt;&gt; I don't know I don't I remember him I'm the only one who beat him &gt;&gt; Barry did all right many other Brits didn't &gt;&gt; Oh he he could punch I mean really really he hit me with the left hook with the body in the 11th round and if I didn't have a an aptitude for running away I would have lost the fight says the same thing about you that you Enough. Enough. &gt;&gt; Kiko Martinez as well. &gt;&gt; Who came over Kiko Martinez who of course Carl Franson knows very well. Carl, how you seeing things? &gt;&gt; I uh actually just get just about give that last round to Lorente. I think he may have just nicked it at at the end there with a a barrage, but he's he's certainly getting closer and he's trying. Um Collins here in the sixth round there has been down before and Collins just with a mini breakthrough here. Body shots and Lorente looking disorganized for the first real time in the fight. And Lick Collins has had a bit of a ticking off in that blue corner and he's delivering powerful punches now. Yeah. and the angle he's doing. He's coming up with himself across the body and then coming back down with the with the other hand here. He's doing the wrong thing here. Lorente, he's traded with Collins. He's going to get done and again Lorente trying to find FIRE. HOW ABOUT THIS IN THE SIXTH ROUND? WHAT A ROUND IN SCOTLAND. It's Collins, but it's Lorente trying to come back and it's not his game, but he doesn't want to lose this European belt. He's getting he out the squatsman at his own game, but he's tired. push back on the right and Collins could just need a couple of big punches to have Morenzo looking at really again the uppercut. Look at this. Very tired, but he's fighting back Lori IN AN ABSOLUTELY CRACKING FIRST COUPLE OF MINUTES OF THE SIX ROUND. &gt;&gt; WELL, I mean, he tries so hard to go. &gt;&gt; Got to be careful. He doesn't blow himself out here. I think both of them have got to be careful. Giving so much into this session and the second half is yet to come. Lorente breathing heavily. Go out. Collins going for it. Wow. Just responds every time, doesn't he? Lorente comes back with a flurry of shots. Showing so much heart to win. I just say desperate Christian said he wants to keep this tight. He knows there's more. He finds that never good work again from just whenever he looks like he's going to go. Back he comes. This is a mighty effort from the Spaniard. &gt;&gt; What a run this is. Fantastic. One of the best rounds we've seen in a while. Terrific action. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get him out there later on deep. Listen, that was all done the whole night. You heard him. It's a tough punch. You won't get him out there, right? Take your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time. Don't enjoy that. &gt;&gt; He's got to take his time cuz there's six rounds to go, Barry. &gt;&gt; It started the beginning when he heard him. It was a great shot when he hurt heard him and rocked him back and and understandably he rushed everything. He got too excited and when he really went for it and I think with that he emptied his tank a little bit and I just think then he looked the more tired of the two going back even though Lorente had taken more damage. &gt;&gt; What a round though. I mean Lorente I wrote down in my notes when I was watching Lorente fires back under pressure I undersold that dramatically. Well, let's have more of the same into the seventh round. The second half European title on the line, the red and black of the champion from Barcelona and the blue and white of the southpaw, Nathaniel Collins from Beon just on the outskirts of Glasgow. He's got a big fan base now. and he's hoping to fill the shoes that some of the other Scottish kings have left now. Josh Taylor forced to retire. We've had some good performances tonight from Willie Hutchinson and Aston Brown too. Can Nathaniel Collins make it a really successful night for Scotland? Christoal Lente is a tough man. &gt;&gt; Throws a lovely left to the body. Collins. I like to throw two or three. take a step back, throw another, and you just see the right hand slightly drop where he's trying to protect that right side, Lorente. Then he can fire back with one upstairs. &gt;&gt; Well, he's definitely in the lead, Colin. Three judges at ringside. &gt;&gt; Even in rounds like this where it's it's a little bit nip and tuck, but in him just exploding the combinations, they they will stand out. They will nick you the rounds. Tell you what, you have to slow his taste on here, hasn't he, Collins? &gt;&gt; But he listened, didn't he, &gt;&gt; to Joe in the corner. &gt;&gt; Long way to go, isn't there still? &gt;&gt; There is. That is that experience of Christoal Lurente been around nearly a decade and has had the European experience the seasoning. Two good right hands there from both come back with a left as well Collins. But I just like to see him sharpen up a bit more with that jab. Sharp head body just a bit quicker pouring the shot as opposed to snapping that lead hand. That win over Forte, over Grand Deli, the draw against Ruben Gill that many thought he won. &gt;&gt; Those are good rounds in the back, aren't they, Barry? &gt;&gt; Well, he's got loads of experience. And also, like I said, he doesn't he doesn't panic when he gets hurt. He doesn't worry. And he go having a good chin as well. I mean, you don't stress too much about when you do get a good shot. You know, you can recover and fire back. And you know what? His head never drops either. never disheartened. He was dropped, as you said, against Forte. He gets back up. He gets to work. He gets the job done. &gt;&gt; So, there's been lots of very good rounds for Collins. He'll keep coming. He'll keep working and keep trying to find the way. &gt;&gt; A quieter seventh. It couldn't be anything else after that torrent and turbulent sixth round which stands out in this main event. Later tonight, the king of violence, Mike Perry, defending his title against Jeremy Steven. Watch the bare knuckle action live from New Jersey now at the zone.com. Were you the king of violence, Barry Jones, back in your world championship days? &gt;&gt; Some of the stories he's told me ain't far off that. Well, that's a little subtle dig there, Adam. I thought, you know, I thought you were better than that, but clearly you're not. All right, so just stay within your little lane now, mate. I I mean, I think, you know, again, shows the experience here that not panicking under pressure, be able to fire back, but Connor has had to slow the pace down in that round. I think he had to regroup. I think he'll be a little bit sharp at this round though. He had a bit of a rest round I felt in that last one. &gt;&gt; I think they both did after the sixth. On we go. Interesting part of the fight now. Nathaniel Collins did ever so well first three or four rounds. Crisal Lorente's come back into it. in that sick brown where Collins more firepower but Lorente's will and spirit very very impressive. That's what he should. That's the one. Keep turning. Get that foot on the outside when you throw. So, keep moving the feet when you're throwing. &gt;&gt; Carl's card. You've got Collins five up. You gave only one round to Lente. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But he's been competitive in the fight and he's trying hard here. But I just think that it was a couple rounds ago. I gave the round to Lante, but Colins's the back of his boxing. He obviously had that great round. We've seen maybe one of the rounds of the year so far. I don't remember seeing a better round even though there was no knockdown. But Collins looks to be being more sensible now. He's listening to the corner and like they were saying just keep doing what you're doing. It'll come a time maybe another couple of rounds where you can you can force a stoppage but he's doing well so far. Just holding his feet far too long there Collins. You've just caught a couple of jabs and the right hand after. He's got to be a bit sharper. But I think he needs to be greedy here because we've seen already Lorente wants to trade with Collins. &gt;&gt; So you just nullify that by throwing the singles and the doubles, but be busy with those. &gt;&gt; Good work there from Lorente with these big arcing hooks. Collins coming back with one inside, but the work rate has gone up of Lorente. He looks full of beans still, Barry. Yeah, you can't WIN THAT JAB. THAT left his his left toe has got to be on on the on the heel of the left foot of Lente. That allows him to throw that left hand right through the target. Allows him to spin round around the back of him and keep Lente turning. He can't fire back if he's had to keep turning all the time. Just take away his confidence to throw back. Make him search for you, not just throw. At the minute, he's taking a step back out the range here, kind throws long and throws often. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now he he seems to be getting his foot on the outside and he's having a bit more success with his right hand. Lorente that was the the sort of move from the south for stars that was having success with getting on the outside and throwing the left you know saying all they're all saying all these things and don't get too tall keep but all these things take energy and when he's down the tire then you should you make more mistakes. &gt;&gt; Good work again from Lorente inside. just &gt;&gt; noding in there. Cons can't quite get his shots off as crisply as he did in the early rounds. &gt;&gt; I think there's a growing confidence here about Lorente. Collins has got to go with it. Fox success. He just getting caught a little bit more. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Face marked up of Nathaniel Collins. Okay, give me back distance up his nose. You're going back. Hands by your side. By your side. Breathe deep. Sit up. Sit up. Chest. Okay. Listen. Your legs are you. Yeah. Yeah. Listen. Sharper. You need a we bit sharper. Look to your right hand side. Keep them straight into the right hand side. You don't even need to train with it. ALL YOU NEED IS YOU STEP BACK OUT. YOU'LL FALL SHORT. You can help with THE UPPERCUT AND THEN BACK to the right. You understand? Okay. Listen, you've been hand success with the rounds when you should be. You understand? Okay. Controlling everything behind the straight shots as he leans in. Bring it up. Bring it over round to the right hand side. Touch him. J. Can he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work it out? It's when you stay center. &gt;&gt; Excuse language in the corner. Joe Ham with really good instructions there for Nathaniel Collins who comes out for the ninth round. We're getting into the serious business, the time where it really matters, where you fighters feel it. There's a a sort of second wind, isn't there? There's a time where you sit on the corner and think, "Right, three or four to go. This is what really matters." &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm going to show him how hard I've worked, how much I've got left. I remember Tony Sim just used always say to me, "Come on, that's four rounds left. Easy." So you go out there and try and really put a dent in your opponent and you feel got to try and continue cuz he's had practice where he's managed to drag Collins into his kind of fight. But I think he's just he's settled down a little bit Collins in the last few. Look at the punch he thrown from Lorente. 425 is impressive. I think there's a spark about the rep and he's grown in confidence. Maybe he feels that Collins can't quite hurt him, &gt;&gt; but he's still a box. I still think is a boxer. He's not he's not as clearcut as he was in the early rounds, but still enough. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good jabs from Collins. &gt;&gt; I just think it's more competitive, Barry. Last three or four. &gt;&gt; Well, I think with the same in the corner, I know taking that step back. I I don't want to argue with the trainer using more than me. So I don't think that's the right thing cuz if you step you take a two step back too far a step back you can't fire back and he has a longer reach and if you step back just out the range out to your range instead of in his range and he fires back in combination. I think you've got to take as he was saying as well turn to your right go to your right first and then take that little half a step to get the the distance to throw the clear shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah cuz he doesn't really bring his feet in Lente when he throws the shots does he? He'd rather trade where he is when Collins is throwing the shot. &gt;&gt; But he did follow his hands rather than the other way. &gt;&gt; The momentum brings him forward. &gt;&gt; Just out of range there with that jab. Good footwork from Collins. Strappy around but some hooks getting off again from the pair of them. A penny for the thoughts of the judges as well. Now Collins in a very wide lead might have given Lorente a bit more. &gt;&gt; Shot has not stopped he been busy. He's working. He's don't get me wrong. He is missing with a lot. Those 425 shots that you see on the the stats there how many landed. &gt;&gt; Well, he's trying desperately hard, isn't he, to retain this European belt. A long way from home. Nathaniel Collins the big favorite coming into this. Blunt from his nose. Collins walk into a shot there. I think is trying to choke out the fact he doesn't even look at this from Lorenzo. Excellent work from the Spaniard and Collins just looks slightly dazed for the first time in the fight. care. You hear me? What I say? All right. You're standing there making things co [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slugging away. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you then? Keep the distance and go sharp. You feel all right? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show me that. Okay. Why you sting that? What are you doing? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sting. Nice and sharp behind the jab. Back hand back on the hook. &gt;&gt; The round. No doubt about that. There's a spring in his step. Joe Han is not happy in the corner that he's training. Collins at the beginning it looked like he would overpower Lorente. It hasn't happened. Barry, &gt;&gt; I would be the same if I be fuming him in the corner because like I said in in the round, he's toughing out the fight. He doesn't even tough out. He doesn't need to be tough. He can he can still out boxing. He doesn't do that at the end. Maybe when you know when you're absolutely exhausted, you have to hold your feet. But he does he's not at that point yet. He can still use his guile. He doesn't need to show his toughness yet. And that's where the corner angry is. So, you you're still not boxing this kid. You're not that you're not that that at that stage yet. There's no jeopardy in the fight for you if you just keep on boxing it. Or &gt;&gt; or or is he is he feeling the pace? &gt;&gt; 9 minutes to go. Let's bring Carl in. How are you seeing things now? I've I've given Lorenti three rounds, I think, and and Collins the rest. But Lorenti is certainly coming on strong here and and I like what the corner was saying to Collins and the advice he was getting. He's he's he's allowing Lorenti back into this by standing and having to fight. He doesn't need to. He's clearly he's a better boxer, but he's just hurt there and I think there's a couple of times actually in this fight where his legs have been stiffened. So, he just needs to be careful. I think maybe getting carried away with the atmosphere a bit. talked about how how the atmosphere in the crowd can help you sometimes but I think it's making him fight more than he needs to. &gt;&gt; That's a really good point and I agree with you. I think Lorente's come right back into this. &gt;&gt; But it still causes fight to lose. I mean Lent can put more pressure on him now. I think he's he's a quite a he's a re he's a one pace fighter &gt;&gt; until he's reactive to you. He'll fight off your pace. But I mean you can dice rings wrong. You're right. Collins's skills and his movement, his IQ is really good. But he's been drawn in. And look at the body language now of the Spaniard. &gt;&gt; And I tell you what, to change the pattern of a fight is very, very difficult to do for anybody at any level at this level, even harder. So for Collins now, before he gets really stuck into the mode of having having a bit of a punch for puncher, I like what's going on now. &gt;&gt; Get back to using your footwork. get back using your three-p combinations and moving all the distance. &gt;&gt; There's that southpaw jab, but Raphael and Sandor very, very happy in this red corner. Nerous with their charge as he tries to back Collins up. &gt;&gt; Nip and tuck at times. Again, that's a lazy jab and he's just got counter with a jab over the top there, Collins. He's got to be sharper. that left hand as well. Like we said a few rounds ago, get that foot on the outside and really throw that left. &gt;&gt; Is just waiting for him, isn't he? Now he knows that when he throws, he can he can take a shot or block a shot. He knows he's there to fire back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he feels it, doesn't he? On the gloves, he'll let his go. Good jab again from Chris Lorente. He's proving tough to shift here, the Spaniard. Couple of blemishes on the record, the draws, but he is undefeated. He's got a real knack of staying busy, &gt;&gt; but reserves as well. He sort of like keeps a bit of reserve in like in his in his in his gas tank. Doesn't blow a gasket, but still always busy. &gt;&gt; He's doing a degree in it. He's an intelligent guy and he's come on strong in the back half of this. Well, boxing coming thick and fast in this autuminal period on the zone, but there might not be any better card than this in Riad. Ring four nights of champions, David Benabid and Anthony Yard headlining, Devin Haney, Brian Norman, Barry's favorite, Jesse B Rodriguez historic event to zone November the 22nd. You'll be there. &gt;&gt; I might just go as a fan. You know, not being funny. I genuinely might just go. We me and D have been talking about whether we're working or not. Maybe going over. But &gt;&gt; I think I might join you. It's such a good night, isn't it? &gt;&gt; I mean, but what Bam does with his footwork is what he can do the same thing, but similar keeps you distance, keeps you out of range, but also in range to fire back. Big nod from Nathaniel Collins who's been 12 rounds on three occasions against Jacob Robinson, against Zach Miller, against Francesco Grandi after which he was rushed to hospital for surgery on a twisted bowel. And I I had one of those after my cancer and I know how painful that is. And Nathaniel Collins not only got through that, he was told he'd never box again, but he's done ultramarathons. He's come back into the ring and he's got himself into this position, 17-0. And you just never believe it looking at him now. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, he's got another challenge in front of him here and he's remained in two rounds. &gt;&gt; Still very, very wide on the fan zone. &gt;&gt; Well, to be honest, it's gone from a fight where it was tough, but he was winning wide, so I think it's closer now. I mean I mean you know you got to say in the round he's won the last few rounds so I think he's he's close that maybe this might be 64 something like that. &gt;&gt; Incredible story in life though that he's even got back into a ring. &gt;&gt; Fantastic. I mean look boxing brings up so many fantastic narratives and Collie certainly has one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Needs to move his feet. He's got to be shy. Got to be busy cuz Espan Durante is coming forward. He's letting heavy shots go. I know Connor is the home fighter, but the European champion is Cristo Lorente and the judges here are from France, Belgium, and Italy. So, we don't know how they're seeing things. I tell you what, Lorente has been very, very busy. Collins definitely won plenty of those early rounds, &gt;&gt; but this will be interesting if it goes the way on the cards. &gt;&gt; I think Collins has winning this round, though. I don't think he's won the last couple. I think he's winning this round too with some really clever boxing here. &gt;&gt; He is clever, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah, but maybe he's got that second wing that we've been talking about. A bit more energy, a bit more more sprite to his work. &gt;&gt; Maybe just the added class as well, Collins. But he's falling in and Lorente wants to tee off with hooks. Nothing dynamic about the Spaniard, but he's just very, very tough. He's just proper workmanlike, isn't he? Gets about his business. No thrills, but he's busy. He's fit. Takes a good shot. Oh, &gt;&gt; lovely. Collins. Very accurate. Back comes Lorente. Just seems to wake him up, Barry, doesn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. But it was good for just moving the head. He got caught with a couple there, but it was good work. At least he's moving his feet now after he's doing the punches. And you know what? He didn't over complicate the work there, did he? Twos and threes and moved his feet. Lovely work. Yeah, better from Nathaniel Collins. If he can close the show well, he'll surely win the decision because he was well up at the halfway stage. Right hand from Collins. Better punches, more accurate. Good round late on. Nice shot. Hey, listen. in the right things and parts here. Boxing them nice and sharp. T them up when they start to get busy. But near the end there, he's trying to go for that V trade when running the ring quite easily. Okay, he's coming forward. Prop the shots as he comes. Sharp fast last round. He's going to be desperate here trying to work. Stay switched on. Don't get a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fire. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a really good round, Matt. He stuck to his boxing. He picked his moments. He didn't get greedy. Look, the the effort from Lorente has been, you know, it's been obvious throughout. We have to commend him for it and he can be so proud of his work up to now. But it was a good round. And &gt;&gt; yeah, I've gotten a few up. Collins closer than I think he would have liked and the team would have liked. And Barry, &gt;&gt; that round &gt;&gt; as Fente tries to get his own fans going. Wants a hug. He's enjoyed this, I think. But his listen to the corner, didn't he? And came out and boxed well the last round. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I mean, he's got a when you can see the finishing line, those three rounds are still a long way to go, but it can give you a little bit of an indul rush and give a bit more energy, make you focus, make it look a bit sharper. It can also work in the corner as well, by the way. But I think winning that last round on my card means that he can't lose on point unless he gets knocked off a couple of times. Let's bring Carl Frampton's card early in keeping a close eye on this. And uh you've got him by three, college. &gt;&gt; Yeah. 106 103 to talents. Uh yeah, I think he's I MEAN HE'S MADE IT A LITTLE BIT DIFFICULT for himself at times when like we said earlier on he's been fighting when he doesn't have to. He's clearly the more skilled skilled boxer here in the ring, but a lot of times he's been dragged into the fight. I do have a feeling that that great round that we seen earlier on when he kind of emptied the tank, he's he struggled to recover and and come back to full fitness after that and Lanti because of his style walking forward and not being as mobile, shall we say, as as Collins, I think he's found a little bit easier after that. But um and maybe that's something that he's going to learn about going forward. I think it's a good lesson for him. Yeah, I think about it because Lorena can conserve energy while he's being busy, but he doesn't doesn't really accept experimenting with too much pace in his work. He just methodically moves forward all the time. And look, these are all experiences as well. That round we go back to where he hurt and tried to empty the the tank to get the Spaniard out of there. Look, in hindsight, you you take your time. you wouldn't rush your work and you know you want to conserve a bit of energy knowing that you're in there with a top champion. So these are all lessons that are invaluable. Yeah, brilliant education this. Nathaniel Collins kicked off the rounds earlier. Christoal Lorente's come back. It's turn into a bit of a slide fest. A toe to toe battle. Trench warfare in the final round. The sixth round was the best of the final. One of the best we've seen in recent weeks. Look at this though. Both of them in Scotland. This is to win this. Even at all in the ring to try and walk away with that European title, it's what we want to see as fans of the sport. These two will give each other the biggest hug at the end of the fight, which is 22 seconds away. Christoi trying somehow to hold on to his European title and surely slipping away. Nathaniel Collins 10 seconds to go. He must be rewarded. He must have a new title. What a great fight. It's turned out to be two warriors right to the final battle. Look at that. Look at that respect. Two great pros. Lori believes he's got it. He believes he'll still be European champion. I tell you what, he gets it for absolute effort. But in terms of skill and quality, did Nathaniel Collins just do more? What a fight. The crowd loved those final few seconds there. That was coming to a close. You can see the relief from both camps, both fighters if you like, that that was over because it was a decent pace, wasn't it? Lorente, the European champion, he just kept his foot on the gas. He had an uncanny knack of dragging Collins in to his type of fight, but there was rounds there when he stuck to his boxing barrier. &gt;&gt; He's having so much success, wasn't he? &gt;&gt; You know what? We praise him for his tenacity and then sort of criticized him for it in this fight because it didn't work in the in the right way for him. He did he sort of he got engaged in a fight he didn't need to. But also, I don't think I gave Lenti enough credit for his ability to drag you into his fight. That's why he's been so successful and European champion. I think he does that just so very well and it's almost you don't see how he does it. He just makes you fight his fight because you can't hurt him. But I thought Collins won the fight for me. I think he's I think he's he's a winner clear enough. But he made it hard on the stretch and and and the certainly closed that gap. But it's a good great no this European level. What a great learning fight for him on on his journey here. &gt;&gt; That's absolutely right. It's just invaluable the experience that Lorente brought to the ring. The way he came back in the second half. He just wouldn't be denied getting to that final bell doing everything he can. Nathaniel Collins the more skillful operator. For me, he's got it. For Darren, he's got it. For Barry, he's got it. For Carl, he's got it. But it will go down to the three judges from France, from Belgium, and from Italy. Is Nathaniel Collins the European champion? We wait patiently. Chris Lorente will believe he's done enough. I tell you what, we can't wait for this. Parker and Wardley. October the 25th. Three weeks today, live from the O2. Head-to-head, it's an all OR NOTHING JEOPARDY MATCHUP to reach the top of the heavyweight division. Albeit Alexander Rousi rules it for now. Fight it now atone.com/boxing. We're getting great fight nights after great fight nights. And that was a really good main event. competitive and fought at a high octane pace till the last battle. We believe Nathaniel Collins is the new champion to the judges. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, AFTER 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Hugues Hellabout scores it 115 to in favor of Nathaniel Collins. Oh, we might have a split here. Judge Eric Bhutel scores it 115 to 113 for Christoal Lorente. Wow. And judge Antonio Marona scores it 114 TO 114. THIS BOUT is a split draw. Nathaniel.