Kind: captions Language: en the next king of Scotland. Yeah. Am I right here, Nathaniel? Is Is it you? Are you that guy? &gt;&gt; I am that guy. I'll get Don't know. That's what they're calling me. If I can live up to it, then that'll be great. &gt;&gt; This like we've just done the press conference today. We've just done an interview, a joint interview with you and Josh Taylor. There's a feeling of kind of passing of the torch. You know, he's had to retire. And even I remember at the last press conference with all the all the guys at the top and I said the next one is going to be here somewhere and it was going to be you or Lee McGregor and you come through that fight. So it's kind of feeling like it's you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, like I say, that's what they're saying. Um I'm sure I'll try my best to live up to it as I do every fight and we'll see what happens. &gt;&gt; Take me back to that Lee McGregor fight then. That was a a career best win. It was a turned into quite an an emotional night because I feel like it all came back to you. Everything that you'd been through, how long you'd been out and operations and whatnot. You took a lot into that fight with you. &gt;&gt; Definitely. That was like a performance that I knew I always had and I was always capable of. And I've put on performances like that before. Nothing as devastating obviously. And it was just like that was my time to shine. I had so many points to prove coming back. I just thought people are going to think that I'm done. people are going to think I'm not that I care what people think but just the thoughts the general consensus was this might be you know a step too far too soon with everything that happened to me and it wasn't it was it was you know perfect timing so and I knew that and I've got a chance to show it &gt;&gt; felt like a relief at the end &gt;&gt; I I don't think like it's a lot of weight on your shoulders that magnitude of right and the hydro at home and then with the added stuff on top of it and I don't think anybody knows to what level I've been through things. I'm not here to sit and say, "Oh, it's poor me and I've been through this and that and the next thing." But for my own, you know, mind and mental health and whatever, like when that fight was done, it was like a great weight has been lifted. And it wasn't nice cuz me and Lee were friends anyway. So, I was glad that when it was all over, it was over. &gt;&gt; But you were told at one point that like they it didn't look like you were going to box again, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. like they were talking about don't even worry about your boxing. We've got we've got bigger things to worry about kind of thing. So that that's that's a lot to come through. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um and uh I shared something the other day and it was Adi talking about oh I think a couple of years ago like he's put on a career best performance. He's put himself on the scene. I think a couple of years ago he had something up with him and all that. And I'm like that was like a less than a year ago I had something up with me. I'm back already. So, but I say it all the time like I've not got that mentality to sat and go p me like and mull about over it. Like I was right back to training as soon as I was able to be back to training. I wasn't allowed to box for x amount of weeks when I was allowed to run. I was running and I was doing ultramarathons and I was getting myself back in that mindset of I need something to keep me going here. &gt;&gt; So something inside you just keeps fighting all the time. Where where does that come from? &gt;&gt; Just being there for birth. Being there from you seen my post the other day and when I was born I was born fighting and that's always been in me. It's installed in me. You know, we need to sort out your uh your picture on Google cuz I was I was trying to explain to someone the other day what I'm going to be doing on Tuesday. I said, "Oh, there's this fighter coming through, Nathaniel Collins. They hadn't heard of you. They're only a casual fan." I said, "It's this guy, Nathaniel." And the first thing that pops up is just you lying in a hospital bed. &gt;&gt; I know. I'm going to need to talk to somebody at Google. &gt;&gt; Need to talk to someone. &gt;&gt; Um, do you know what? I don't know if I prefer that or prefer cuz for like the last seven years, my box wreck picks been like a a close-up picture in my head like in a training session when I've been pure fat. I'm like, I don't know what one I prefer. I don't think I'm actually photogenic at all. &gt;&gt; No. Stop. Stop. Um, what was it like having Josh Taylor around today and um, you know, hyping you up? You've just done a lovely piece where he's talking about how he's seen a bit of himself in you as well and giving you advice and like this is kind of priceless stuff, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's great. Um, if we can do one of these every week, that would be ideal. Probably build my my confidence up. No, it was good. Honestly, I think Josh is a cracking guy. I think he's a brilliant fighter. He's like I says before somebody that I've always looked at because he has a southpaw. He does box. You know, I've always based myself on like try and be like him, try and be like, you know, great southpaw fighters and he's the guy. He is the guy and not just in Scotland all over the only guy in the UK. So, um just haven't seen nice things as a kid. &gt;&gt; It's just nice, isn't it? It's just nice. &gt;&gt; This is quite nice as well. It's a silver though, &gt;&gt; you know. We we need to start getting some gold. Like it's it's coming, right? &gt;&gt; It's coming. I'm looking forward to it when it does come. Um which is hopefully not too too far away. And obviously this has been made a WBC eliminator. So hopefully next um when I deal with Lorente. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What what are you picking up from Lorente today? You'd have faced off with him and he was eyeing up your belt. You were eyeing up his A lot was probably lost in translation. seems a lovely fellow to me. &gt;&gt; It does actually. See, you need to stop getting me fighting nice guys. I need a villain or something. &gt;&gt; I don't know what what can I say? I was trying to give him a bit of something. I looked over at him and he was like, so I was like, what can I say to that? You know what? Same as the Lee fight. I don't need to bad mouth anybody talk like our achievements speak for themselves. When we come together, the fight will speak for itself. Same as me and Lee. like we both were have great achievements, great accolades. People can see that we don't need to chat kind of nonsense to each other to sell a fight because we're both great fighters. This is the same as me and Lorente. If you know boxing, you know, there's probably bigger names out there that that people would have been more attracted to, but at the end of the day, this guy's the real deal. He's a European champion. and you said three defenses like like I says up in the press conference that you don't just do that. &gt;&gt; Yes, it's a proper fight. Um let's let's talk a little bit about the uh what could be beyond this &gt;&gt; because it is a WBC eliminator and there is Bruce Carrington there. There is Steven Fton there. But there's also over here there's Nick B. Yeah. You know, WBA champion. There's so much going on in your division right now. What what what are you seeing when you look at the landscape? The division's red hot. It's like just one of the ones is it that that you'll say to any fighter, I'll take anybody. I'll take anybody. Like, you know what? Immediately &gt;&gt; I would like the full WBC title. So, that's not me saying I don't want this, I don't want that. And if somebody else offered me a world title fight in any other, you know, governing body, then 100% I'm jumping at that. But when I grew up, my guy was following me weather. I think he's done a we question thing the last time and every answer I had just flid. Yeah, &gt;&gt; he was the WBC guy. It was always green belts. So, it was like that's my dream belt. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; That belt got me hyped up already. But, you know, if I can get the full full version, like that's what I'm here for, you know? &gt;&gt; But you you say you'd say yes to all the these fights now. You want them. &gt;&gt; I jump at them. But there's there's a difference between just accepting a fight and accepting a fight. Genuinely believing that you can beat Steven Fton. You can beat all of these guys. You you have genuine belief that you can beat anyone. &gt;&gt; Genuine belief. Genuine belief. You know, three or four years ago, me and well, we're meant to fight for a British title. It never happened. We actually had a bit of back and forth. Then something else happened. We had a bit of back and forth. Then when I came back, there was like not an offer, but a kind of like vague rumor flying about that, okay, I might get a we crack. He needs an opponent for the defense. It never came through and that's fine, but that's something I've always been linked to. And there's a Scotland and England v each other thing there. There's a that's a big fight. That's a massive fight and a fight I'm super confident of winning. &gt;&gt; The Nick Bolton. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you've got Yeah, as you say, there's a bit of a story that Do you like him? Have you met him? Have you been around him at all? &gt;&gt; I've not met him. We We fought on the same show once. I thought like my he fought dog ball. &gt;&gt; Anything backstage? Any little &gt;&gt; Nah, not not really. Just the usual give each other looks and whatever. But there's nothing nothing majorly. I don't think he liked that I was calling his name back then. probably won't like that I'm calling his name there now, but that's the nature of the sport and I don't care what he likes. So, um, but as far as anything other than that, I don't think really I was helping Brad Strand prepare for things. I've been in the gym when he's been in the gym. We've not spoken, but &gt;&gt; So, there's there's a kind of underlying tension, if you will. &gt;&gt; There's there is an underlying tension. You could cut it with a spoon. &gt;&gt; Oh, goodness me. Um, I just want to ask you this this final thing, right? I heard that you used hypnosis to talk yourself through some amateur fights and some you suddenly went from kind of like almost like a losing fighter to a winning fighter. You convinced yourself that you could win. Tell me a little bit about this. &gt;&gt; You pull things out of nowhere. I don't know where you get it from, but um yeah. So, basically there was a time where how do you explain this? &gt;&gt; You went to see someone, right? &gt;&gt; I went to see somebody. Yeah. Um she was really great. She used to just kind of speak me through things and literally I could I could be just sitting here and picture just everything that I wanted, everything that I had and it was whether the hypnosis worked or not or whether but at that time that was something I needed and believed and I think like anything that gives you that kind of tiny edge is good and it was brilliant and you know that year the reason I done that was my mom had said to me I'd just got into uni at the time and she'd said to me if you don't win the Scot Scottish Championships. As an amateur, you need to chuck it cuz if you can't beat people in Scotland, you can't beat people all all over the world. So, why are you doing it? &gt;&gt; How old at this point? &gt;&gt; 1920, right? &gt;&gt; And so, and and at that point, I maybe hadn't took boxing as serious. So, when she said that and there was the possibility of boxing possibly being gone was like, okay, I'm going to switch on here. So, I went to see this woman, done the hypnosis, whatever. That year I won the Scottish championships. I was stopping people, giving people eight counts, blah blah blah blah. Then I went abroad, done the same thing at tournaments abroad. Then I went to the Comwalth Games and it kind of rolled for then and each time I got more and more confident and more and more belief in actually this is meant for you. this is what you were meant to do and you have done the right thing by you know kind of leaving uni, leaving jobs, focusing all your time on this and you know I only went to that hypnosis for maybe a couple of weeks but I truly believe it helped me to be how I am now. &gt;&gt; So you just convinced yourself or she convinced you? She never ever It was weird like she It was never about convincing yourself you were good or convinced it was just about like feeling good or feeling something like if I closed my eyes I could do the same exercises she gave me then as I would now and I'd probably feel the same but then I just went through this stage like this is going to sound stupid. I'd done the hypnotherapy with her heart. It was good. But then like Gogggins started coming about and then &gt;&gt; these other mindset kind of athletes started coming about and it was Gogggins challenges this that and then it was like Gogggins ran 100 mile with two broken feet. I was like so if someday they can do something like that I can do something like that because that is a human like me doing something like that. So then it became like you can do anything that anybody else is doing. &gt;&gt; Stay hard. No diddy. &gt;&gt; No, no diddy whatsoever. Um, what's going to happen with you and Chris Lorente October 4th? &gt;&gt; I think it's going to be a good fight. I think, um, you know, it'll probably come out hot for the start. Um, and I think there might be points where it's a firefight, but ultimately I I think he's going to walk on to shots and and I knock him out. &gt;&gt; Good luck. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Good to see you.