Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to a great night of championship boxing from Portman Road Stadium in Ipsswitch, [Applause] England. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, 32 Red, Bat Prize Guy, Global Next Trade, Uni Bet, Flex Mize Business Loans, and Vow Nutrition. A big thanks to those great sponsors. We get things started with 10 rounds scheduled and it will be for the WBO European Heavyweight Championship. Sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control, Steward in Charge Ben Harmsworth along with the World Boxing Organization, President Gustavo, Olivieri, Supervisor Dennis Gil Martin, Timekeeper Brett BS. Our three judges assigned will be Pavl Cardini of Poland for Lynn Marsh of New Zealand and Bob Williams of England. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be John Laam of England. Introducing to you first, the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes in the remaring black with white trim and weighed in officially at 239 lbs. Coming to us from Essen, Germany. He brings a professional record consisting of 22 wins, four defeats, one draw, 18 of his 22 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the challenger, Big Patrick Cortez. And his opponent across the ring, he is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring in black trunks and weighed in officially at 255 lbs. Hailing from Scolda, Albania, he is undefeated with 22 wins. 20 of his 22 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the highly ranked reigning and defending WBO European heavyweight champion, Nelson, the Albanian evil Uso. Oh, [Applause] well expect from you both. You will be instructions at all times. When I take a break, keep your ball break clean. Defend yourselves at all times. Best not touch gloves. Touch gloves. Queensbury have the lion share of the heavyweights at the moment. Will Albania's Nelson Heiser force his way into contention? 22 fights, 22 wins, 20 by KO and most early. He could be the surprise of the year, but he needs to be careful against the big punching Patrick Corte who's good at his level and could provide a test if he gets into it. Whatever happens, a points victory Darren is not on the cards. No, I don't think so. Look, Corte is his own worst enemy sometimes. that he has been stopped in all of his defeats and that's because he's game. He comes forward but he does leave opening as you can see already taking a few long left hooks from Heisa. Bit clumsy with the feet there and the hands are just far too slow. He's loose and languid and uh moves okay 40 years of age 41. So they got to get a move on the pair of them. But it's a minor belt here. WBO European which Nelson Heiser is defending. It's that reach Barry the jab and the power as well he possesses. Heer I think it's the speed of his punch. I think that's what surprised you. Couldn't know you got the hands low. He's quite relaxed style. So you're not expecting the speed and the accuracy in his work. I think that jab is a solid weapon and for someone like who has to get close to be effective but without the guile to do it effectively he's going to walk up the punches and I think against who does punch his weight for sure it does bode well for but can stay low even be shorter get a little bit lower and roll into shots he might be able to unsettle but where he is right now Danny I think he's going to find it uncomfortable yeah he will been quite impressed with the feet they're a little unorthodox of heister but he's very quick way he sort of guys out of range and he'll fire straight back in. He's not your conventional footwork as you can see there, but still he's avoiding the shots. The hand speed that Barry was mentioning combinations, but it is that reach advantage he has. Stand tall at 65. He's got all the attributes for a heavyweight, but he is on the aging side cleverly here. He's he's not, you know, the right hand's a weapon for him, but he's not overusing it yet. He's peppering him with the jab. But he's going to force Cord to make a mistake and then he's going to let that right hand go. Just see him trying to walk him onto the shot, didn't he? Just pepper him with the jab. Force him to make a mistake and then bang him with that right hand. Stalker is maybe meeting Moses Ita who's ringside tonight to cheer on his over 30 seconds left in the open and he's been scored several times and several times early. He fires back with a combination but he takes a knee a delayed reaction and Corte is hurt. counts at seven. Odd one and it didn't look like a big shot. So that that shows you the power that heista has. It was a glancing blow. Leg stiffened as well, Darren. Last 10 of the first round. Heis has his man hurt and knows he has the power to finish proceedings, but he's very, very weary on his legs. [Music] Yeah. Okay. [Music] Okay. Welcome back. A slap for Patrick Corner in the corner. Not sure he needed that as well as the right hand. Took a knee. Strange one. Yeah, if my German from school served me right, the C that I got, Chanel was the word they were using, which means fast. That's one thing for just hasn't got it. Speed of hand, speed of foot, and that's going to be his downfall. It's exactly what hand, isn't it? That hand speed. I think he was hurt on the first right hand, which didn't look like a heavy shot. Oh, lovely right hand on the chin. Gorge takes that, but he's very static and he can't deal with his long arms and speed of Heisa. And that left hand covering is actually not doing him any favors. He's trying to be defensive, but you can't see that right hand coming over over the over the the outside of that left hand glove. Just the speed. He's struggling with the speed in the distance here. Has had six first round wins. Not often he goes into the second really. Nelson Heiser, he's been knocking them all out lately. could knock out Danny Williams who was very old when they fought. Former really good British heavyweight of course that beat Mike Tyson way back. Right hand from Heiser and Corte Darren just can't get out the way of that and it's just the lack of speed with hand and foot. He's just falling short of every single shot. And I like to see Heiser just throw the right hand up once he's taken that step back. He's doing the hard work. He's missing the shot. Then just fire back the shot there. That's the shot he needs to throw. And now the combination. And this could be the opportunity for John Leonard to have a look at Patrick Corte because he's really out of his depth here. And his legs have stiffened again and I think he could get hurt. You just got to punch long and straight now. But just but often just let the punches rain in. The referee's looking to step in. I think I think Cord won't need much encouragement to look for the floor. Every time he even advances, Cord, he's being picked off at will. His legs buckled again. Down. I mean, this fight's done and dusted. As the rain pulls down in Bournemouth Road, he looks at his corner, he shakes his head, he wants no more. Nelson Heiser wins by in the second round, 23 in a row. And I tell you what, Moses Tower is clapping at ringside. He's a danger in the division. He may not be cultured. He may not be young, but he's proved a point again. He's got power and he's got something. Yeah, look, he's not your conventional sort of heavyweight as far as skills concerned when you you mention Moses the Talma, but he does what he does well. He makes it work for himself. You know, he's got a nice jab. He uses the right hand well. Like I say, unorthodox sort of footwork, but he's fairly nimble. He's quite quick with the feet and the the the obvious power, Barry, evident there. Yeah. And I I think he's measured with his work. So he knows what he's going to do before he does it. And because he is because he has fast reflexes, it allows him the time just to not panic on rushes work and deliver the shot correctly. And that's what it is. Because he has speed and he pushes from so far out, it's very difficult for someone st. So when you got a guy like who's walking in straight lines, it's always going to make look good and that's what it did tonight. But you still got to do the job there and I think he did a really good job. Darren, he hasn't got a great deal of time because of his age. He's keeping very very busy. How much do they elevate him now because he he's dealing with the likes of your to be fair to Corte circuit heavyweights. When do they take their opportunity? Adam, you got to sling him in there now in my opinion. As you say, 40 years old, 23 fights under his belt now. This is just let him off the leash now. He's had his big moment on the big stage. He needs to fight whoever he can get his hands on now. Meanwhile, Saturday, July the 5th is a really good one live on the zone. Jack Catrol returns as he's in with the undefeated Harlem Eubank. It's a brilliant matchup back at the co-op that Jack loves to fight at, but Harlem will not be overruled. Watch it on the zone, the home of boxing, Thomas. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 5 seconds of round number two. Our referee in charge, John Laam, waves off the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated and still WBO European heavyweight champion Nelson, the Albanian [Applause] evil hasn't even got nine rounds in his last four fights. Undefeated, 21 big knockouts. And I think the big question is who do we put him in with next? Maybe a name. And could he be shaking up the heavyweight division? Dev. Okay. Nelson Ha. That is knockout number 21 of your career. You must be happy. Uh thank you. First of all, I want I need to speak in Albanian in my language. Sure. Uh after like I say from the beginning I am very thankful to George and Frank Warren all the team of Queensbury all the family of Warren and I want to ask and to to ask to to Frank Warren to the big promoter to number one all the world please I see here one boxer that is undefeated also we are in the same family WBO WBO I need to do one fight with Moses If he if he's ready ready, brother. Well, Moses is here. He was clapping ringside as well. I don't know if you want to say something to him. For me, it's a pleasure to be in the ring with him. I want to ask uh big promodor Frank Warren to give you this match. I need this match. We need to show who is more good. So, I am I am waiting for this match. I mean, he's unbeaten. He's very very good. Ring prospect of the year. You think you can beat him? Why? I am I am beaten. Anybody beat me? Well, I am 23. So, I need now this match. So, if the team of Moses is ready, I am ready. Our team is ready. We will do a very beautiful fight. Okay, final question, Nelson. Where does this power come from? Multiple knockdowns tonight. 21 knockouts in your career. Where does this Eagle's power come from? From Albania. Congratulations. The Eagle has landed at Portman Rogue.