Kind: captions Language: en My dad had um a mate and his mate he took me to his gym when I was like six. The coach said when I first walked in, yeah, he's like like a natural. So yeah, it was like it was in meat. [Applause] As a kid, you just got like a dream of becoming a world champion. So, I always dreamed about that and believed it and that was the main thing. Now I've done that. To say that I've done it, it's a dream come true. Yeah. No one can take that away. [Music] &gt;&gt; Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He is representing Queensberry and comes to the ring wearing white with blue and weighed in officially at 125.8 lb. Coming to us from Liverpool, England, he brings an undefeated record with 19 wins, one draw, 11 of his 19 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former WBC featherweight world title challenger, Nick the Wrecking Ball. [Applause] And his opponent across the ring, he is a defending world champion fighting tonight out of the red corner and he is representing match room. He comes to the ring tonight wearing purple with teal and weighed in officially at 125.4 lbs. Hailing from Camden, New Jersey, USA, he brings an undefeated record with 15 wins, one draw. Eight of his 15 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending WBA featherweight champion of the world, Ray Savage Ford. [Applause] &gt;&gt; This exactly where Ford is now is where he needs to be. He can nullify this charge cuz he can step back. He has space behind him. This is really good work from the little puddle. &gt;&gt; It's not easy, but if you can just stop that attack before it starts, that just stops the the flow of of of Nick Ball. Stops the tempo. &gt;&gt; And you saw Ray Ford lower his hands just a little bit. Nick Ball took advantage. &gt;&gt; Good body shot there from Ford. Nice little uppercut as well. And there's some damage to the left eye of Ford as well. [Applause] Well, Ray Ford may be more precise, but Nick Ball is outworking him. There's no question about that. &gt;&gt; Good uppercut from Nick Ball. And again, good combination. Looks like there's damage by the left eye of Ford as well. Now &gt;&gt; Ford's got to take that right arm, that right glove and put in his chin. &gt;&gt; A beautiful left uppercut and then spin after. Great work. It's a lovely shot from from Ball and again and again. There's four firing back. &gt;&gt; Oh, good body work from Ball. &gt;&gt; Started low, ended high. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, lovely left hand there from F. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was right on the temple. Yeah, he needs to follow up with an uppercut there. The head was low. Bounce &gt;&gt; once bitten, twice shy. &gt;&gt; Oh, left to the body. And the blood starts to pour out of the nose again. &gt;&gt; Oh, and a left hand, but Paul answers back. &gt;&gt; I mentioned it earlier. Both of these men have scored 12th round KO. Will we see one here as Ball backs Ford up and Ford counters with a right? &gt;&gt; Oh, the right to the body as well. Ford is a good left uppercut from Ford. &gt;&gt; Nick Ball trying to make his childhood dream of becoming a world champion come true. Ray Ford trying to defend his title for the first time. &gt;&gt; Ford's really sitting down on his punches as well. Both men go in combinations with Ford for sitting down trying to get more weight on the shot. &gt;&gt; Oh, good uppercut from Ball. Finish. And what a scrap. See Eddie Hearn and Frank Warren on their feet on the far side of the ring. &gt;&gt; Oh, the uppercut. What an uppercut. But Paul still on his feet, but now he's wobbling. &gt;&gt; He's unsteady. He can't do it again, can he? Not again. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at that from ball. Oh, unbelievable stuff. &gt;&gt; A ferocious finish from both of these fighters here in the 12th. &gt;&gt; How' you score this rope? And is this the one that decides to hold competition? What a finish. They'll slug it out to the bell. Oh, big right. Incredible finish. Who won? I do not know. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards and we have a split decision. Judge Bang Mu Kim scores it 115 to 113 in favor of Ray Ford. Judge Pavel Pardini scores it 115 to 113 in favor of Nick Ball. And judge Jean Robert Lane scores it 115 to 113 in favor of your winner and new WBA featherweight champion of the world the ranking ball. [Music] Wow. 115 113. I think if we'd have had 12 judges, it have been 66. 115 113. &gt;&gt; I think so. But Nick Lit Ball has just realized the dream there. He's become world champion. And what a way to win a world title, beating the champion in an epic battle. That was incredible. 2-nil Queensbury. [Music] &gt;&gt; Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing black with purple and weighed in officially at eight stone 13 lbs. Coming to us from Santa Ana, California, USA. He brings a professional record consisting of 34 wins, four defeats with 17 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former twotime world title challenger Ronnie Rios. [Applause] and his opponent across the ring in this main event. He is the defending world champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing black trunks and weighted the same as his opponent eight stone 13 lbs. Undefeated. He has 20 wins, one draw with 11 of his 20 wins coming by way of knockout. tonight in his first world title defense. He is the reigning and defending WBA featherweight champion of the world from right here, Liverpool, Nick the Red King. [Music] Okay, gentlemen, we spoke in the dressing rooms. That's the belt line. Okay, in the event of a knockdown, the fighter standing will go to the furthest neutral corner and stay there. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. The final instructions from Bob Williams. Nikki ball. Could he ever truly have believed that this would all happen and happen so quickly? But here he is now defending the final tap of the gloves. The raised punches gloves favored by ball. We know about his power right from the get- go. Rios can be a very sharp starter as well, Richie. So unless you got a razor sharp jab and you can keep your distance, then Nick B is going to get to you at some stage and he starts really quickly and again really Paul's opponents don't realize Paul he's got a terrific jab as well and he delivers it with a lot of power and now he's starting to land some big power shots here but Paul is landing all the shots that really count so far and he's got good variation in his shots Paul you know there's a couple of good right hooks going in for from um Nick Ball here closing that gap down using the jab as the measuring tool and then whips that right hand around the lead hand of his opponent. There it is there. Look right on Q and again whips a couple in and they're getting through. We're going to really test out see how how tough Rios is here. And again big shots going in from Nick Moore. He's tough and he's come to win Ronnie Rios, but at the moment he's in danger of being outpowered completely by Nikki Ball here. &gt;&gt; At this stage in his career, can you ball is able to work at his own pace. Rich, he's not rushing his work. Will only work at his own pace, but look at the confidence. He keeps switching from orthodox to Paul. And look at this for a sustained attack. Paul Rios going back in a straight line, pausing for a rest bite on the rope. That may not be a very good idea for very long. Here comes fall again upstairs and will he go downstairs. Rios struggling for room, struggling for time in this fight. Ball already halfway across the ring to welcome back Ronny Rios for round three if Rios wants to persist with this plan. It seems destined that he will be overwhelmed in the end. What a terrific start to the round. Por ball for Ron Rios just tried a shot. He missed the target and ball counted with a terrific punch. And again, this is these a cracking shot from B. Oh, fantastic. Almost out of this world. Certainly world class. Rios springs to his feet. But Williams is looking in his eyes. He's asking the question of the moral fiber of Rios. Do you really want this? Do you want to put yourself through what is coming your way? Here it comes again. Ball is irrepressible. Ball seems unstoppable. Ball fighting like this seems destined to climb to the true elite level in world boxing. Who can handle this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, incredible again. Sustained attack from Nick B getting through with the uppercuts. Right hands over the top. It's all Nick B at this stage. Ron Rios just on those ropes of bad position. Has he recovered? Nick B goes for him again. The shots are just bouncing off him. The ones that Rios offers and ball is just composing himself, taking them on his arms and preparing to launch attack after attack. &gt;&gt; Williams is examining him very closely, Richie. He's actually more vulnerable when he lets his hands go. Rios, this is a sustained attack again for Nick Moore. Referee really close there. I thought &gt;&gt; this is when he's run, but when he actually lets his hands go for him. Look at that for a shot there again from Nick Moore. It's absolutely devastating. &gt;&gt; An unstoppable torrent. &gt;&gt; Low from Rio two or three times. Spent a lot of energy in this round tonight. Paul has really gone for gone for the stoppage here. He is being remembered but again on the receiving end in terms of defiance almost madness by way of an approach really takes the biscuit for this but he is a sitting target a stationary target offering so little coming back has set himself for attack after attack Williams is poised he's showing so much here on taking these shots but look at the refere how close he is. He's got to throw something back here. So, the referee will jump in. One clean shot away, I would say. Last few seconds of this third round. Will he see it through? Will Ball finish it here and now? It's looked likely throughout the third round. All the kudos in the world to Rios if he goes back to his corner. Still in the fight, which I think he is going to do somehow. Nick Ball sustains the pressure, volume of punches. Look at this again. won an attack. That was That wasn't a bad response though from Rios. Oh, almost knocked off balance again. &gt;&gt; He goes over Rios and it's going to be counted as a knockdown. Rios doesn't agree with that. It was a good left hook that went in there, wasn't it? But at the same time, maybe off balance and have to have a look at it again at the end of the round. That's what he's so good at. Short and mid-range power puncher, but just leans back and finds that room and space. Bad position for Rios to be on top of her just above us on the ropes and he's really that's a cracking shot again from ball there and net lead up a couple poor belting shot for a world title three inside seven completely different test [Music] for both boxers here &gt;&gt; great shot again ball simple jab moves them feet in it's very correct way of boxing there it is there look not too far away with that one. You see this, it's perfect boxing that is he's boxing at long range with the jab to set up the power shots that follow. Excellent. And here comes the next salvo. The whole crowd rises with Nikki Bouring on the pressure. Rios is out of the ring. Will Bob Williams give him the time to get back in? He crawls under the bottom rope. I don't know if I've ever seen that before. His will to keep going is beyond words. And Natal is in. Natal's in. It's all over. And Nikki B has retained his world title here in Liverpool. He dazzled. He was devastating, but Rios refused to go away. At 2 minutes 6 seconds of round number 10, the red corner retires their fighter and referee Bob Williams accepts their retirement. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated and still WBA featherweight champion of the world, Nick the Wing B. [Applause] Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner with head trainer Hector Bermudez. He comes in the ring wearing white with green and gold and weighed in officially at nine stone. A native of Port Leash, Ireland, he is now fighting out of Perth, Western Australia, and brings a professional record of 26 wins, five defeats. 20 of those 26 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the highly ranked former IBF super banttomweight champion of the world, TJ the power. [Music] [Applause] and his opponent across the ring in this main event. He is the defending world champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner with head trainer Paul Stevenson. He comes to the ring wearing Blackwood silver and weighed in officially at 8 stone 13 lbs. hailing from right here, Liverpool, England. He is undefeated with 20 wins, one draw. 12 of those 20 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight in his second world title defense, here is the fearless, relentless, reigning and defending WBA featherweight champion of the world, Nick the Wing B. [Music] the Henny is the taller man, but everybody seems to be the taller man when they're in there with Nick B. Don't let the size give you any kind of false assumption about the world champion who's in there. He's absolutely relentless and he really has made a mark at world level defending tonight in his home city of Liverpool and so many have come out to see him. [Music] Well, hang on a second. Well, we need to take a look at this because he's just kicked off in the corner. I'm not sure whether a kick wasn't aimed at the Henny. Yeah, he just he's just holding on to him a little bit too long there. That's why ball. Yeah. Oh, that's naughty, isn't it? &gt;&gt; So, Michael Alexander's going to speak to both of them. Good referee in both sides. &gt;&gt; Michael Alexander's telling the Irishman to to cut out the verbals at this stage. Vick Ball is looking to get a hold of him. &gt;&gt; Ball catches him there with a short left. He was just slightly off balance ahead. He says to the crowd, I'm okay. Just experimenting here now against a very KY opponent though. That's better from him. Yeah, he's starting to feel the force of these. Dehy as Nick Ball starts to raise the tempo, lift the pressure. Good response from the challenger. Decent work from Ball. Dehy caught with three punches. Going to work again here with Dehenny in the corner. Good work from Ball that gets the crowd into it. but to head back with a sharp jab of his own and then get him back on the front foot again to say that he's just fine. There was just a rice smile across the face of the champion after that response for me. Yes, Nick Ball's got to raise the tempo. &gt;&gt; What he's trying to do right now and the crowd responding to that, but he throws the challenger to the canvas and the shake of the head from Demi. Michael Alexander is just going to give him a second. Good body shot from Dehenni, but it just bounces off ball and he sets about looking for the head again. Yeah, he just carried on the attack, didn't he? Ball there. &gt;&gt; Oh, really good shots. Two sharp shots. Just staggered the legs. The head. He felt those. This is the first crisis for the challenger. Two thumping, thing punches from the champion that just had him for a moment thinking about holding on this. And he's had to think and do different things tonight, but he's done it really well. He's starting to get the success again here in the ninth. &gt;&gt; And there's a lot of damage. Look around the eye. It's really starting to swell now. That right eye of TJ Dei. So he's going to take a point now. And he told him before he said, "If you do that again, I'm taking a point." And he's just said to Nick Ball, "That's the second time you've done it. I'm taking a point of you." I wonder how much resistance there'd be at this stage of the fight if ball could put a real sustained attack together. I think that's a question that the Henny would have to answer and it might be coming now. Big ball looking to apply the pressure. The crowd are on their feet inside the arena but the henny says I'm not done yet. Ball comes back again chasing the Irishman around the ring. He looks really tired in there all of a sudden. I think he's been hurt a couple of times to the body in this round. Fletch the challenger. Can Nick Ball finish it here? He's trapped in his own corner to head it. And there's very little coming back. And Mick Ball can sense the finish. And Michael Alexander's right there. And Nick Ball is piling on the pressure. Being roared on by this capacity crowd in Liverpool. The hometown hero looking to retain his title. And TJ Dehenny's having to dig so deep in there right now. Ball relentless marching forward looking for what might be a finishing punch. But Dehenni is biting down on that gum shield of his and showing tremendous bravery in the face of this Nick Ball onslaught. &gt;&gt; Yeah, true or Irish grit here from TJ Dehenni. Ball marches forward. Walks onto a henny jab, lands a left hand, letting his hands go again. Uppercut got through. Punch after punch coming to Hennis's way. Can't get out the way of it. Michael Alexander poised the head in his own corner. How much is left? Still he continues to try and fight but there's no way he can keep all off. He's absolutely relentless firing shots in at the head. What a brave performance in this round from the challenger. Someone would have crumbled in the face of this. Incredible bottle. Absolutely incredible from Dei there. The big question now is how long a corner lets it go on. &gt;&gt; I think you're right, Blasinc. [Music] I think that's it. I think that's it. Hector Bermudez has called it off. Michael Alexander confirms it and Nick Ball retains his WBA featherweight title with a stoppage victory against the brave TJ Dehenni. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 completed rounds of boxing, our referee in charge, Michael Alexander, stops the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated and still WBA featherweight champion of the world, Nick the Wrecking Ball. [Music] [Applause]