Kind: captions Language: en The longest reigning UK male world champion is this man, Nick the Wrecking Ball. Nick, how are you, sir? &gt;&gt; All good there. How are you? &gt;&gt; I'm very good. Does that sound about right? Does that feel real to you? You're the longest reigning UK male world champion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't really think, but when you've just said that, yeah, it all sinks in, but you're just focused, aren't you, on doing what you're doing day in day out. But yeah, to look back how far I've come, something special. It's changed a little bit from the last time we spoke though because at that point you were the only UK male world champion. You've had to share the load a little bit. Are you okay with that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, fine. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So this little break that you've had now for the first time I think you've had about eight months off between your fights now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't think that's ever happened in your career, how have you dealt with that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's been hard cuz I've I've normally been active and I I like something to focus on, but you always know there's something coming. So, you're in the gym anyway training, you know, every day in the gym. So, you've just got to stay focused and know that there's something coming. Um, but yeah, it's it's been good as well, you know, to have a bit of downtime and then go again then. Yeah. But it's never ending, is it? There's always there's always something next. So, you can't take your eye off the ball too much. You always got to be ready. &gt;&gt; I think the featherweight division can't take their eye off the ball too much at all. &gt;&gt; No. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm so sorry. Sorry, I've got so many ball puns I want to use on you. Um, but did you need a break? &gt;&gt; Um, I think you had five world title fights in the space of 17 months. That's very active and that's high high level stuff. Did you need a bit of a rest? &gt;&gt; I don't really know. I don't really know. Yeah. Um, even if I wanted to, I needed one. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. Yeah. That's just me as a person. And that's in terms of training and just doing me dayto-day things, not not in fighting. I can't I can't stay at the gym. I love the gym. Love to train. That's why I'm where I am today cuz I always put the work in and it pays off. &gt;&gt; Did you get a moment though to reflect on how far you have come because we touched upon it at at the very top of the interview there, but it has been a long way that you have come. You are you're probably panfor. Yeah. One, two, three in the UK right now. like you you're the boy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I always knew it was coming. I always knew, you know, I was going to be world champion. It was just a matter of when. Always believing in myself. But just getting them opportunities in it and Frank got me them. So, thanks to him. Yeah. He got me on the um the big shows, the shows back in Liverpool. Started off in Liverpool on the ticket selling show. So, it is it is massive and and special, you know what we're doing now um in the city. I was in the the gym with the lads today saying with them all in the gym and then we're all fighting on the same show. &gt;&gt; So, it's it is special what we're doing &gt;&gt; and you're spearheading that. You're the man at the front. I spoke to Andrew Kane earlier just asking like how how proud he was of you and like to be your mate and sort of obviously he's coming up behind you as well. He he wants all the things that you've got as well. But you are at the forefront of this resurgence in Liverpool boxing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's good. It's a good feeling and it shows hard work pays off and it shows the other lads I'm no different to them know I'm no different to them. I just put the you know the hard work in what they do and their times coming as well right behind me. So it's a it is special times. &gt;&gt; What were your reflections on your last fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, watching it back, you know, I w I weren't too happy with it to be honest. Yeah, I weren't too happy with it. But at the same time, that's taking nothing away from him cuz he was a good boxer. He was in and he was out. He was good with his feet. So, I'm not taking nothing away from him. He was a good fighter and he was doing what he was doing to try and win or whatever he was doing, but I weren't myself in there. And anyone watching it knows knows I w. But that's fine. That's that's been and gone, you know, you get the win regardless, don't you? &gt;&gt; Sign of a champion, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. &gt;&gt; But what does that mean when you're not yourself? Does does that just mean like anyone could just go to work and not have their best day at work? Is it is it that kind of thing? But for you, you end up fighting someone and that's your day at work. Someone's helping you. &gt;&gt; Not yourself. You know, we're only human. So maybe on that day I didn't want to be in a ring. Do you get me? Things like that. Anything just just normal things. Um you got to come through it. You got to forget about that. And you're fighting now. You're fighting for for your life. So you got to switch on and forget that. But sometimes it's hard, you know, whatever whatever's going on. But every every everyone's got things going on. Do you get me? And then when it's time to fight, it's fighting. But yeah, you learn, don't you? You never stop learning. Even at this level, you're learning each fight. You learn every day in the gym with the lads, with Paul, with Ant, but in the fights, you're learning the most cuz every opponent's different. Every show is different. So, you learn a little things on the way and always um progressing. Did you have stuff going on for that fight where where it just wasn't ideal? &gt;&gt; Not really. No. Not not stuff going on. No. Um stuff's going on all the time in it. Just what when and what what it is. But it doesn't really matter, does it? No one's bothered. Everyone's got stuff going on. You've got you've got a job to do. So, get in and do it. But I'm just saying I wear me best on that night. And anyone who who knows me and knows my style, they know that we're the full the full me. But it doesn't matter now because it's it's been and gone. I've got the win onto onto the next. Um in Liverpool, you know, and I'd be lying if I said these shows in Liverpool don't mean the most to me. These definitely do mean the most to me. um realizing obviously being being all around the world fighting on different shows, they're all great in that, but coming back to Liverpool gives you that extra extra push to go, I feel. &gt;&gt; Well, when you defend your world title in Liverpool, the two times that it's happened, you win by stoppage. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, third time the same again. &gt;&gt; Well, he's he's very good though. Brandon Figaro, you you must rate him. He's a you know, former twoeight world champion. He's he's you don't you don't get twoeight world champion by being average. You got to be good. You got to have something inside you. Um so yeah, he is good. He is a good fighter. Um yeah, that's all I can say really. He's a good fighter at this level. They're all going to be good, aren't they? &gt;&gt; Stylistically, what sort of fight do you see this being? &gt;&gt; Have you watched much of him? &gt;&gt; Not really. No. See, I've heard that he's he comes forward and that so he's coming to fight in which is good. I won't have to go looking for him. Um, he's going to be there today. Yeah. Sty stylistically, however I want really. However it plays out on the night. Yeah. He's going to come and try and do his thing, what whatever that may be. Don't know what his game plan is, but I can just switch it up on the night, &gt;&gt; but I'm I'm going to be coming as well. &gt;&gt; We we spoke earlier. How how can anyone prepare for you? You're quite a unique fighter in this division in that everyone. They probably feel they've got a height advantage, but then suddenly a few rounds in that feels like a height disadvantage. Just it just kind of flips. How can anyone prepare for you, Nick? &gt;&gt; Don't think they can. I think I think that they think they can, but then until you get in there, they see it's a whole different ball game. Do you get me? So, &gt;&gt; you beat me, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, it's a whole different ball game when they get in there. Yeah. Outside looking in, I might look easy to fight. I might look small. I might look not as strong as I am. When you get in there and feel it, you know, you can't do much with it. &gt;&gt; He's quite a um he's never been stopped. And he's only lost to Steven Fton. And he's he's from what I've seen, he's a bit of a swarmer. Just he throws a lot of punches, a lot of volume. So, he puts pressure. I don't think I've ever seen anyone really put you under pressure. Normally, it's the other way round, right? So, that's something different to deal with. &gt;&gt; Something different to deal with. Yeah. But it's it's um it's nothing new. I've had pressure me my whole life. Yeah. So, it's not not going to be nothing new. It's going to be good to be honest because if he's going to be coming with the pressure, he's going to be coming on to them, coming onto the shot. So, it's going to be good. So, past this, I know you don't want to look too far past it, but we we always got to talk. Are you um you still got Inua on on your mind? Because the reason I bring that up is because Andrew Kane, your good friend, is boxing a final eliminator for the WBC banttom title. If he come through that, he could fight a new age's brother. &gt;&gt; There's a story going on here. I'm feeling something. Are you seeing something, Nick? &gt;&gt; Seeing something, feeling something. Yeah, the same as you. Obviously not taking me off the ball on it on me next fight, but [snorts] that's there in it. You know, everyone's speaking about it. You know, me and Anzie fighting a new brother on the same show. It's massive in it. It's massive and it's something everyone would want to see. It's been spoke about that much. So yeah, we'll have to wait and see. &gt;&gt; What's your dream 2026? &gt;&gt; Dean 2026. Just just keep doing what I'm doing. Yeah, keep doing what I'm doing, you know? That's it really. Yeah. Don't take nothing for granted. Appreciate everything that you've got around you. Um and how far you've come here and stay being positive. That's the main thing. &gt;&gt; How much has your life changed? changed massive. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you still run the same streets you do or like pulled over every now and you know people beeping their horn and whatnot and you have to take photos and stuff like &gt;&gt; Yeah. That that all that comes with it though, doesn't it? But it's good because for someone to go out the out the way in their day to ask you for the photo, it means they they like you. They like Yeah. They like what you're doing. So that means that means something to me, you know? It's showing that they support what you're doing. So, makes you want to keep going and keep going hard and things like that. So, I think I think it's good. &gt;&gt; This is the lifestyle that you have you've worked for. And &gt;&gt; big win February 7th and the world's yours. It will be the fourth successful defense of your world title. How do you see the fight playing out? Have you thought about it yet? &gt;&gt; Not too much. No, not too much. But when I'm fighting, it's it's all action in it. Especially in Liverpool. Even if I said I was going to do going to box, going to do this, going to do that, you're in Liverpool um with the old whole old city behind you screaming, shouting. There's only one way it's going in it. &gt;&gt; Does Liverpool Does the Liverpool crowd make you act a little bit different? And the reason I say that is the Ronny Rios fight that was like a that was the homecoming, right? And you even admitted you probably got caught up in it a little bit. &gt;&gt; TJ Tenny fight, he's got you in a headlock. You're kneeing him and and all sorts. Would that have happened somewhere else? I don't know. But is it the Liverpool crowd? &gt;&gt; I think so. I think so. Yeah. That extra extra push. You know, they're all there for you. So, gives you that extra edge. I think &gt;&gt; you wouldn't want to be Brandon Figueroa then, would you? &gt;&gt; Not really. Not coming to Liverpool fighting me. No, &gt;&gt; definitely not. &gt;&gt; Best of luck. Nice. She's