Kind: captions Language: en I am with Nick B and still world champion, featherweight world champion. Nick, you know, you said out there you weren't like really happy with your performance, but one thing's for sure, your your fights are always exciting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the thing. All that matters is still world champion. So, that's all that matters. Um, some nights aren't your best, are they? But, you know, as a champion, you've got to get through them. But, I'll have to watch it back first before I speak too much on it. But um the main thing is still standing here world champion. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And listen, if you hadn't have got the victory tonight, it would have been the first time in 37 years that the UK didn't have a a British male world champion. How proud are you to be, you know, flying the flag on the world stage for for your country? &gt;&gt; Massively proud. Yeah. cuz um seeing where it started off, you know, it was right at the bottom on the um the small all shows selling tickets with um people coming out to support me and then people are still here to this day right the way up to the top. Um so it means everything to me. Yeah. It's something I've dreamed of dreamed of as a kid. &gt;&gt; Talk to me a bit about the fight. Obviously Sam Goodman, he he put in a a good performance to be fair to him, didn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, he was he was quite slippery. He was tough as well. I landed a few good shots on him, Adam, and he come through it. So, yeah, respect him. I haven't got a bad word to say about him. &gt;&gt; Now, that's your third world title defense. Um, where can you go from here? Do you kind of see yourself now as as one of the the best fighters in the world, not just one of the best featherweights in the world? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, um, when people are watching box and they like watching exciting fights, and as I said before, my fights are always exciting. So people are going to continue to watch and tune into my fights at the highest level which is world champion. But there's three more belts out there. So I wouldn't mind fighting for them and all the other big names. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And yeah, like I say, endless potential for you. You know, obviously everyone's been talking about that a new way fight. Is that something you still want? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. You know, it's been spoke about that much for it not to happen. Everyone wants it. So let's make it happen. And &gt;&gt; I just want to bring in uh Paul Stevenson if I can. Um Paul, I know you're Nick's biggest fan. That's the third title defense. How how proud of him are you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, extremely proud. You know, um champion got in there, done what he had to do, got a wide win really. Uh believed that the television had it quite close, but it wasn't a close fight in my eyes. I mean, we knew what the television was scoring, but they're not the judges. And I don't believe you can come. I mean, he did what he was supposed to do. Go. He had his own tactics, but you can't really take a a world title off a champion on a on a jab and a bit of movement, you know, at the end of the day. &gt;&gt; And like you said to me previously, Nick's he's not been given any easy fights. He's a he's a real world champion now. You think that's the case? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I mean, look at him. He's he's beat the two top featherweight champions in the world at the time. Then he's on his his third title defense now in such a short time, the last 18 months for Nick. He's he's cleaning out the the featherweight division. Now there's big unification fights on the horizon. There's there's fights people are speaking about with um with now in a way which you know we'd love to do next you know so uh big uh big things for Nick and you know he's got that belt and he's just getting better and better so let's uh let's bring on them big ones. &gt;&gt; I know you got big plans for Nick. Uh I know you fancy that maybe a trip to Japan. You fancy a a fight at Anfield. Maybe that's what one you've mentioned to me in the past. &gt;&gt; Yeah absolutely. I mean the team the team we've got at the gym they could certainly sell out to football stadium. You know when the Andrew Kane stood over there British champion soon to be world champion. Nick's got his whale belt. There's other boxers Peter McGra other boxers coming up behind who were right behind just ready to put their hands on on their world title. So these things are going to be big. Japan. I've actually been before any knew he was there and me and aunt said on the way home, we feel like we've got unfinished business with this place and so I'm pretty sure, you know, we'd love to go back there anyway. &gt;&gt; Nick, how how kind of thankful are you to this to this man here? &gt;&gt; Um, I can't really put it into words to be honest. Yeah, he believed in me where no one else did. when I first walked in the gym at the start when I had nothing and he's seen everything in me and it's proved off now because we're standing here world champion together and I wouldn't be where I am today without