Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the final press conference for Undisputed Usyk versus Dubois 2. A great night of World Championship Boxing this Saturday from Wembley Stadium in London, England. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry with Ready to Fight along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, The Ring Magazine, GG Bet, Snee, and Global Next Trade. A big thanks to those great sponsors. A reminder, this great event will be shown live worldwide on Done by now at don.com. Let's now welcome the participants already seated. International Boxing Hall of Fame promoter Mr. Frank Warren of Queensberry. Head trainer for Daniel Dubois, Mr. Don Charles, manager of Daniel Dubois, Mr. Riz Khan, sports director of the Usyk team and CEO of Ready to Fight, Mr. Sergey Lapin, manager of Alexander Usyk. Mr. Egis Kleas, [Applause] professor and sports scientist for the Usyk team, Kuba Hitzky. Ladies and gentlemen, our main event this Saturday, it is scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the undisputed heavyweight championship of the world. Let's now welcome the fighters. first from England. His professional record 22 wins just two defeats with 21 of his 22 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the hard-hitting reigning and defending IBF heavyweight champion of the world, Triple Dynamite Dup. And now let's welcome from Ukraine, a 2012 Olympic gold medalist, now undefeated as a professional with 23 wins, 14 of his 23 wins coming by way of knockout. He is the former undisputed cruiserweight world champion, the former undisputed heavyweight world champion, the current Ring Magazine champion, and this Saturday, the reigning and defending WBC, WBA, WBO, and IBO heavyweight champion of the world, Alexander Usen. [Applause] [Music] And now we hand things over to your host, Mr. Devani. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Thomas Triber. Well, good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the final press conference ahead of an unprecedented history making night at Wembley Stadium. And there's something special about heavyweight boxing when it happens at Wembley. Once upon a time, the greatest of all time, Muhammad Ali boxed Henry Cooper at the Old Wembley. Fast forward to 1995, and who can forget that legendary moment where Frank Bruno finally became world heavyweight champion. That happened at the old Wembley. Fast forward even more, who can forget Anthony Joshua against Vladimir Klitschko, Tyson Fury against Dillian White, and then last September, the King's Slayer himself, Daniel Dynamite Dubois, put in a jaw-dropping performance to beat Anthony Joshua right here. But one thing that Wembley, and in fact the UK, has never played host to is a world championship fight for all of the heavyweight marbles on Saturday night. that changes. The undisputed World Heavyweight Championship will be on the line. Two Titans enter Wembley Stadium with a hand of history on their shoulders as they walk towards their destiny. One of those men is the unified unbeaten world champion Alexander Usyk. In today's dynamic heavyweight division, he currently stands as the benchmark of brilliance. His name is already etched into history books as an undisputed champion at cruiserweight and heavyweight. Victory on Saturday for Alexander Usyk means he becomes a threetime undisputed champion and he makes a giant leap towards boxing immortality. But the man standing in his way is Britain's own IBF world champion Daniel Dynamite Dubois. His story is one of triumph through adversity, perseverance through hardship, and with some good old-fashioned British grit, he has put together a stunning run of form to defy the odds and punch his way to heavyweight glory. A win for this man, Daniel Dvoir, on Saturday means that he will become the first undisputed world champion in the heavyweight division from the UK since Lennox Lewis. And whilst these two men have met once before, everyone here is unanimous in their agreement that the two men who met in 2023 are most certainly not the same two men who will meet on Saturday night. So, we've got a question. Will the Ukrainian wizard cast a spell on the young, hungry British lion? Or is this lion now ready to roar like never before on the grandest stage of them all? Find out all the answers live and exclusive around the world on the global home of Boxing Done. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Usyk versus Dubois 2. This is undisputed. The first thing I want to do is get a word from both of the fighters and I want to start with you, Daniel Dubois. You are 48 hours away from the biggest night of your career. Give us your opening words and tell us why this will be your night. cuz I prepared right. I'm just on a different level now. I'm ready to come through whatever I need to on Saturday and get all them belts. I'm up. I'm chasing glory and I'm chasing greatness. &gt;&gt; And tell me this, Daniel, because of your history with this man. What means more, picking up all of those belts or defeating this man and avenging your loss? &gt;&gt; All of it. The whole thing. you know, this is history making and I'm just got to do a real demolition job and you know, I'm hungry. I'm ready for it. &gt;&gt; Okay, thanks Daniel. We will be coming back to you. Uh Alexander Rousi, let's get an opening word from you, champ. You have been holding up three fingers in the buildup to this fight. Tell us why Saturday night will be your night. &gt;&gt; Um hello London. Uh I'm happy to be here again. Uh why is my uh night? Because I believe uh for this because I hope in Jesus Christ and Wilaria but I prepare for this fight. Ukrainian and Alexander. We know how much this means to Daniel Dubois. How much does this win mean to you? &gt;&gt; Important. Yeah. Listen, every my fight uh important for me uh and my team uh now it's uh very important uh my uh country and soldier who protect my country because it's uh motivated uh for my people. It's very important for me. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Alexander. We will be coming back to you. Let me bring in Hall of Fame boxing promoter Frank Warren. And Frank, the the public has truly got behind this event. I've I've been listening to your ticket updates every week in your interviews. They've got behind it. Tell us how we're doing on tickets. Tell us how excited you are about Saturday. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. First of all, good afternoon everybody. Thanks for coming along. I'm excited because it's such a phenomenal historical fight. You know, four belts on the line for the first time in the UK and Daniel's chance for grant greatness to become one of the British icons in winning these belts. How's it going? We're non sold out. The atmosphere on Saturday night is going to be amazing. Amazing. Everybody's going to love what they see and this is going to be a an unbelievable competitive and great fight. And Frank, you have stood by Daniel Dubois through the through the ups, through the downs, through the resurgence since that first fight with Alexander Usyk. Why does your man get the job done on Saturday? &gt;&gt; I think because he's coming into his prime. He's had great grounding. If you look at his resume, he's fought probably at this age, he's probably fought the best real good quality fighters, more more better quality fighters than most heavyweights at the age he's at. and he's got the experience. He's got a great team behind him. He's shared the ring. They know their strengths and weaknesses. He knows he can hurt Alexandra. He's done that before. And I feel genuinely it's going to be his time. He's on a roll like you cannot believe. Beaten worldass fighters, undefeated fighters, two-time world champions, and done it in style. And I think he's going to do it. I really do believe he's going to do it on Saturday night against one of the great great champions in boxing in heavyweight boxing. Okay, thanks Frank. Let's bring in Eggus Kleas who I'm sure is certain that Daniel Dwis will not be doing it on Saturday. Egus, you have been very confident in the buildup as you always are with your man Alexander Rousi. Why does your man get the job done on Saturday? &gt;&gt; Good afternoon everybody. Good afternoon London Wembley. We're back again here. Look, he did it once and he is going to do it again and we're very confident as a team. &gt;&gt; How dangerous a challenge is Daniel Dubois? Do you see this as a completely new fighter or is it just the same guy? &gt;&gt; It's the same guy. What what he can change in a couple of years. you can you know you cannot train your mind and that's I think his weakness is his don't know if you got a response to that Frank it's a sort of jan you can't train the mind you've been talking about how it's Daniel the man now not Daniel the boy says no change in two years you can't train the mind any thoughts &gt;&gt; well we we'll see on Saturday certainly trained his mind against Miller he certainly trained his mind against Hergovich and he certainly trained his mind against AJ in a big way and he's got better and better and he's showing his power. &gt;&gt; He's I mean power he knows he can hurt Mr. Usyk. He knows that they he's felt the power and he's a much much better fighter from two and a half years ago. &gt;&gt; Alexander is not of those three fighters. He's different from those three fighters. And the Saturday night, the history is going to be made here at the Wembley Stadium. You will see &gt;&gt; second. &gt;&gt; I I absolutely I absolutely agree with with what you're saying there, Eagus. They He is different. He's a fabulous and great champion. But this is the new kid on the block, 27 years of age, ready to go. He's got all the ammunition. He's got the power. And everybody underestimates his boxing ability. He has one of the best jabs in boxing. And we'll see on Saturday night. Whatever happens, the fans are going to get something special because I know your man, as soon as that bell goes, he ain't going to be on the back foot. He's going to come and try to take the center of the ring and Daniel's going to be there to meet him. So, it's going to be a battle of wills, a battle of power, strength, and the young guy is going to do it. &gt;&gt; Good promotion. Good promotion. Let's bring in. &gt;&gt; Don't push the horses. Don't push the horses. &gt;&gt; Frank. Frank. Frank. Frank. Frank. Yes. Nice. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Sergey. Let's Let's bring in RZ Khan from team Dubois, manager of Daniel Dubois. You've been by his side through some of this resurgence. You certainly picked up a few fans. Some of the media even screaming out for him here. What can you tell us about this man heading into Saturday night? Thanks, Deb. I think um resurgence is is actually a great word and if the truth be known, the resurgence started after uh Daniel's last fight with Alexander and the architect behind the resurgence has clearly been um his father Stan Dubois who's meticulously handpicked every single individual whether it's the coaching team, whether it's the uh medics, whether it's from a management point of view. So we have all the credentials to support Daniel in the background. And from a fighting point of view, the man is sat there two years older, two years wiser, two years more experience with another four fights, you know, under his belt. So Daniel Dubois is not even at the peak as a 27 year old. So we've got another few years left in the tank, but he's going into that ring to take that undisputed crown, and he's ready now. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you, Riz. &gt;&gt; Let's bring in Kuba Chucky from the uh Usyk camp. I understand he's known in the camp as the crazy professor and is behind some of the science of this man right here. What can you tell us about the science behind Alexander Rousk heading into Saturday? &gt;&gt; Welcome everyone. Uh thank you I can be here. What can I say? Alexander is a venant. He's more than ready before upcoming fights. His physical performance, his mental performance is is on the excellent level on the highest level I think. So uh in history I know that his aging, his health, his uh experience is electric issue, fans, media, but don't worry, he's more than ready. Thank you, Cuba. Let me bring in Don Charles from team Dubois. Don, you were uh very vocal at the launch press conference. It was it was great fun up here. Uh and you're confident. You're very confident that the stars have aligned for your man Daniel Dubois 48 hours away. Why is he going to get it done? &gt;&gt; Good afternoon everybody. Well, basically he was born that way. He was born I was born confident. Daniel Dubo was born that way. Yeah. His father who's not here with us, presently here with us. Like it uh you mentioned earlier, he was the architect. This man had a dream that his when Daniel was born, this young man is going to become a heavyweight world champion. and the way it's been written the universe here we are today he's the current IBF heavyweight champion remarkable at a mar age of 27 I don't think you know if you really think about what this young man has experienced to be where he is today the sacrifices he he's always made and still making is a prime example for any young person who wants to come into the industry to follow and copy what this young man here has done and um I'm a very spiritualist man in the sense that I believe in the universe very spiritual and &gt;&gt; I have my own story which I'm not going to tell you here because we'll be here till next week right so but what I can tell you from the experience I've had in the last 24 months it's been 24 months only since I've been working I've been blessed to have inherited I use the word inherited to be working with this young prime athlete. It's all for a reason. And in my opinion, in my beliefs, he's been destined to be here today. He's been destined for on Saturday to do what's almost deemed as the impossible. The impossible will become the possible. That's why we're here. We're ready. I normally got a lot to say, but I'm going to keep it short because all the talking has been done. It's now time for action. Please tune in. Those at home, those in our attendance, get behind Daniel Boy. Let's make history together. Come on. Let's go. Come on. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; John, I've just got one more for you. Just a kind of reaction to Eagus Kleass's comments that Daniel is the same fighter that he was 2 years ago. You can't change the mind and that there may be mental weakness there. What can you tell us? &gt;&gt; Well, everybody has their opinion. That's his opinion. We know what we've done. We know what we've been witnessing. He must been sleeping for the last three fights or so we've had Daniel has had. He must have been fast asleep. Can somebody please wake him up? [Applause] &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. Is it true, Eag? &gt;&gt; I didn't heard what he said. &gt;&gt; He said that you've been sleeping for the past three Daniel Dubois flights and somebody needs to wake you up. What is your reaction? While I was sleeping, Alexander beat two times Tyson Fury. Ty Tyson is not here to defend himself. Yeah. Keep your eye on the job. Tyson is not here to defend. We're talking about this is a Daniel Dubar show. Okay. So, let's stick to that. &gt;&gt; Don't push the horses. &gt;&gt; Pardon me. &gt;&gt; Don't push the horses. &gt;&gt; Don't push what? &gt;&gt; Don't push the horses. I need a I need a translator. &gt;&gt; Okay, I am translator. &gt;&gt; Don't push the horses. &gt;&gt; I think he's trying to g you up. &gt;&gt; Listen, I don't I'm a very cool guy. I'm real. Get real. &gt;&gt; This illusion. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; This feels like a good time to bring you in, Sergey. I would say you've been sat there quietly, but you haven't. What do you mean by the comments about horses and what are your thoughts heading into Saturday? &gt;&gt; Uh this uh illusions you know you every time Dubai speak Dubai team speak. Oh, this new this another guys. Oh, this strong this mental focus. No, this illusion on you team. Sorry, bro. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; not not change. Two years no change. You have to you have three good three fight. Yes. and good guys and good fight in AJ Saturday this another fight and this guy another fight this not this guy not this planet you know &gt;&gt; let me bring you in Daniel cuz you were sort of smirking as they were talking about oh he's not changed in 2 years you have changed right tell us &gt;&gt; I just right now I just want to get it on you know I'm going to write my own script Now they've got a script. I'm going to write my own script. I'm going to win these these belts and be the I'm going to be the man. [Applause] &gt;&gt; How much comfort do you take from the fact that the last time you threw a punch competitively, it flawed Anthony Joshua, changed your life, and that happened right here at Wembley Stadium. You're back there on Saturday. How much comfort does that give you? &gt;&gt; You know what? I've been getting a lot of just confidence from my training, what I've done in the gym, the shots I've been landing on, the people I've been sparring, and all all of that is just inside of me, and it's built up, and I'm ready to lay it out. Now, &gt;&gt; Dev, can I just uh add uh team Uzi seem to be um hanging on to a notion that Daniel's not changed. Well, I think they are rattled solely because they're using the same line. Daniel's not changed. I mentioned earlier we built up a big team over the last 18 months and Daniel's had four fights and he's been explosive in every single one. So, I think um for the team Usuzi uh circus to continue to say, "Oh, Daniel's not changed. We will see on Saturday night." &gt;&gt; Yeah, we see Saturday. Alexander, are you rattled by Daniel Dubois? &gt;&gt; Sort of got under his skin kind of thing. &gt;&gt; Irritated, annoyed. &gt;&gt; It's your opinion. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. He said nothing. Definitely not me. No, no, &gt;&gt; maybe. I don't know. I not feel. Daniel, let let me ask you this. Uh, you're the underdog heading into Saturday. You've been the underdog for a little while. Even Canelo Alvarez has played placed half a million dollars on Usyk to beat you. &gt;&gt; Don't mean nothing to me. Not mean to me. Like &gt;&gt; here, bro. He's going to lose his money. But, you know, I'm just focused now. Let's get it on. &gt;&gt; You've talked about making Alexander Usyk feel his age, making him old overnight. Tell us more about that. &gt;&gt; It's facts, you know. I've I know what I've got to do. I'm I'm a young line and I've just got to, you know, take over, you know, be the man and um yeah, executing. &gt;&gt; Alexander, there has been talk about your age in the buildup to this fight. You are 38. You are 11 years older than Daniel Dubois. Boxing is a young man's game. Father's father time waits for no one. What do you say to this? Listen, u I respect this guy, this young guy, this guy motivated, but I'm too uh I'm not uh &gt;&gt; old guy. 38 is not it's not old. You know, &gt;&gt; we will see. It's uh Saturday. It's God's will. &gt;&gt; Final one for you, Alexander. Last time you won this fight within the distance. You stopped Daniel Dubois. Do you expect to stop him on Saturday night and become a three-time undisputed champion? Do you expect to do it in the distance? Yeah, I believe this. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Daniel Dubois Usyk of course believes he will stop you. Tell us why he is wrong. Tell us why it's your night on Saturday. &gt;&gt; Cuz I'm going to make him make it a great fight. I'm looking forward to a fight, a great fight, and I'm I'm up for I feel at the moment I'm at the peak of my powers and it's going to be a great performance. &gt;&gt; Okay, thank you. Thank you Daniel Dubois. Thank you everyone at the top table. Thank you over there Usyk team as well. We're going to get the fighters faced off ladies and gentlemen. Saturday night over 90,000 people. This is undisputed live around the world on the zone. Cannot wait. Let's get them faced off. Come on. Come on. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Two fighters that look don't talk as much, but we know they deliver in the ring. We've seen that in their past performances. Daniel Dwis certainly delivered. Alexander Usyk has certainly delivered as well. And look who's joined us. A man that a lot of people should think should be in the mix on Saturday somehow. &gt;&gt; Nice to be nice to be in the mix. Be nice to be up there right now. But you know what? Patience. &gt;&gt; Patience. Patience. Exactly. Patience. How do you think this plays out? &gt;&gt; I know there's a lot of uh talk about this new and the confidence that he's been showing in this fight and is a special fighter technician, footwork, speed, angles, you know, thing with Daniel, he has to come with something more more up here. Physically, he's in great shape. He punch with a lot of power, but it's all up here for him. Do do you still think there's been a lot of talk about Danny Dew's sort of mental strength even in those wins over AJ and Herovic and Miller? Do you still think he's lacking something mentally or cuz I feel like he's really locked in there. I think this is a much more mentally Look at that. I mean, he looks more and I think with those fights that he's had under his belt, they've only they've only gained more confidence within himself, you know. So, it's it's all about is he going to is he going to sort of break if if uh if it gets hard in is he going to break or is he going to you know has he be able to surpass that mental block that he had before? &gt;&gt; This is fantastic, isn't it? &gt;&gt; This is good. This is intense. I like this. &gt;&gt; Very intense. And Darren just mentioned it there, but I I said it yesterday n and maybe for the last few fights there was talk about maybe going down the cruiserweight at a point. He looks like a fullyfledged heavyweight now. &gt;&gt; Listen, I when I stood next to him, I said, "Who's taller?" &gt;&gt; Then I said, "Who's wider?" &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; he's a big guy. He's uh he's actually put on some good beef and good muscle. And listen, he's still if he can put on that, right? And have more power, but still have the same speed and movement. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; Just going to be and and one of the things as well, you know, you're talking about what's your ambitions? What's your your desire when you've achieved so much financially and achievements in the in the ring and you hear him talking there, he's fighting for a nation. and he likes that responsibility. It's that something extra, that extra percent that's going to make you still train hard at 38 years old with all you've achieved. He really wants to make his nation proud with all it's going through at the minute. &gt;&gt; 38 years old isn't too too old, but if you look after your body well and you train the right way, you can fight on for as long as you want. &gt;&gt; Who would you prefer to fight out the two? Obviously, you were scheduled to fight Daniel Dubois in Riyad, Saudi Arabia, didn't happen. You're you're now in line to fight the winner. So, this isn't a case of picking who you think would win, but who would you prefer to fight? I would like to test myself against both guys and I think they're both great champions.