Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, from the world famous venue for sports and entertainment, Wembley Stadium, London. This is the moment we've been waiting for. Champion versus champion in the rematch. And now we turn the page to another chapter in boxing history. 12 rounds of boxing for the undisputed. Heavyweight Championship of the World. And it's all brought to you by International Boxing Hall of Fame promoter Frank Warren from Queensbury Promotions and sponsored by Riot Season, Ring Magazine, GG Bet, SNU SNU, and Global Next Trade. And we are broadcast live worldwide on the zone. Sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge Charles. The World Boxing Organization President Gustavier. The World Boxing Council President Mauricio Sulan. The World Boxing Association Gilberto Mendoza Jr. The International Boxing Federation Daryl J. People's President and the IBO President Ed Lavine. Timekeeper at the bell, Brett BS. The three judges scoring, Patrick Marley, Mike Ross, and Benois Rosel. And in charge of the action in the ring when the bell rings, world championship veteran referee Mike Griffin. And now the officials are in place and they are ready. The fighters are in the ring and they are ready. So for the 90,000 fans in attendance and the millions watching around the world, ladies and gentlemen, let's get ready. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner, wearing black, officially weighing in at 243.8 28 lb in professional record by knockout only two defeat and he's looking for revenge and redemption from London England the reigning defending Heavyweight Daniel [Applause] and the ring lighting out of the blue corner wearing gray with red. his weighed officially 227.3 lbs. This Olympic gold medalist now as a professional has a perfect record consisting of [Music] World champion from Ukraine. The crime ring magazine champion. defending undefeated WBC, WBA, WBO, IB [Applause] Come on. &gt;&gt; Light the church paper. This is undisputed. This is for all the marbles. It's as good as it gets. [Applause] New gentlemen has received my instruction in the dressing room. Remember to protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves now. Man, you're boxing at the bell. God bless you both. Let's go. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Just about touching gloves. This is what we boxing fans live for. Live on the zone. Daniel that were furious about that low blow. That great punch. What was it in Poland 2 years on? They do it all over again. We where Cooper nearly stunned Clay when Fro knocked out bros when AJ had lift off against Kitchko and when Dubois had his biggest win in September. Got to double up that jam early. Dis got a producing pressure but immediately gets caught. What a fantastic job on the back. He needs to bring his feet in the ground. He didn't do that nearly enough last time. Needs to be positive. Expect a fast start. But this fainting does the damage down the stretch. Whatever he does to believe and commit to it exposed. He's got to be aggressive. You can't be careful using first round absolutely has to do that already beating to the jab. That's what he did with a right at the beginning of he's absolute master of has knocked out 21 opponents and he's dangerous. He takes this thing out of the show with a beautiful south hempossible to defend against his puzzles is brilliantly in rematches make a difference surely going to be aggressive and commit early he's got to stay as relaxed as he can boy can't what will happening the shots will reuse making miss early when he's all tense and looking to hit the target clean he knows he has to make an impression will tire very quickly for a moment already fighting very very well [Applause] for me. It really is so much variation with it. Forward, back, side to side position on the front. Smart in there. You got a B to the chest. It's a big hit. He's going to stop the movement. Swinging out the right hand. Daniel. What a great start here from stepping inside that jab with an upwards trajectory makes it possible for defending just to sing early on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he needs business. The way he finished that round really trying to step forward and land that big left. Impressive start in there with Alexander Rousigan. You got the feeling he wants to make a real statement tonight. Don't push the horses is what he said to Deir at the press conference. That's a reference to an Usyk got hurt by a horse when he was a young kid. The only time he's ever been knocked out. Brilliant wizard of the ring looking to become a threetime undisputed champion. It really is extraordinary. But is in the form of his life as fast as they can. He know he missed a few shots. to the chest with that right position. Very very smart for us. He takes a step on the outside and that makes it a lot more easier for the southpaw which he is to find that left hand. Looks very relaxed, doesn't he? Focused. He looks he looks crisp and sharp and intent here just falling short and then he red but how do you find a sparring partner like Alexander Rous? You just can't do it. &gt;&gt; See what he did there to he didn't hit he didn't land with the shot but he threw three punches and he move it back at least. All you got to do then is dip the legs and then just go again. You get him in a situation where it's difficult to get him in any of the ropes of the corner. You've got to try and make the most of it. That's what beautiful work for the Ukrainian that's the issue though which we've been calling him to do step in but the ch is not an issue no I mean he has a great chance him going down is not about the resistance of the shot but when he takes that step is always the inside the last minute of the second round. A very fast start trying to get into clubs with a right hand, but the jam can't really get working of Daniel. I think that's the problem. Whereas the lead here is stopping him cuz he's just firing over everything. And he's taking that little step to the right. Just spinning around that circle. So impressive. It really is. And it's only movement that is so effective guys just making him miss making tire. He looks strong. He has no mind as he wanted yet. Mentally must be so much stronger at 27 after the counter from the south. watches at the end of the second round. [Applause] I tell you what, it's all happening in the UK. But later tonight, we've got more for you live on the zone in Japan against Ku and the B. My favorite fighter is absolutely beautiful to watch. He'll be watching this enjoying his music so far cuz his on the target is as good as anybody in world boxing right now. [Music] Fantastic work. It really is walking Dubo onto the shots. The accuracy. Look, there's that step. Just missing the end of the replay there. But he's just using that force, the momentum of Dubis in his favor. This man is a magician. Class just after Juv land with a good shot back. Great timing. European gold medalist, world gold, Olympic gold, undisputed cruiserweight champion, an undisputed heavyweight champion in the first since Lannox Lewis last year. The belts got scattered. IBM picked up by Daniel right hand again trying to prize action and it's good that he's positive but you know he get a bad roll there he's come positive again just pushing back showing that physical presence is not no not a bad thing for him he's so strong so powerful Daniel can he just get us backed up into corners or on the ropes just throw leather at it. I like to see him throw the left hook because of that spin off that Usyk does his right hand side target the head though aim for the shoulder the chest when he spins in there that's the perfect shot what he just threw there probably around the head maybe targeting that area we know about the body it will surely work at some point but still wait on Is he good shots? A much better round than the first two for Daniel. Shaken at the end of the second, but he's back focused and believes in himself so much. Most people who picked him well said he has to win between one and six count just the accuracy there as he's trying to still plenty of time in this round. He felt that one good one. Beautiful left hand for us but he knows he can't take any silly risk. So even though he wants to try and jump on him, he knows Dubai is still dangerous. He walks on a shot, he's in trouble. I tell you what guys, styles are jelling brilliantly. It's even better than that first fight. Usyk trying to get a jab in. &gt;&gt; What next from Daniel? He's having a decent round with Barbuzi taking over. Is he almost late in the fight in the round? He always finishes strong. [Applause] The boy needs to bend the knees when he throws the shot. Every time he targets the head, majority of the time he's missing, but when he bends them knees and throws them to the body or to the shoulders, he has more success. And the right hand again. Such great timing there from with that left hand especially. He leans to the right and he's let it go. It's not that fast, but the timing is impeccable. Certainly better from the first 6 minutes getting straight to you. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Lex Lewis on greatest heavyweight stadium is full. Back to the rafters. Alexander Usyk, Daniel. Round four of their rematch for the undisputed heavyweight championship. All the belts on the line. WBC, WBA Super, WBO, IBF. I want to bring Carl Fra in K. Are you saying things? I actually give that last round to Daniel. I think what he done in the first minute and a half was enough to to always he come on strong. I think Daniel's first minute and a half was enough to win him the round. He's looking okay here, you know, as well. But what I haven't seen from Daniel is a double or a treble job. He needs to travel double or travel it to get close. And then when he does get close, be the brute that you are and impose your size and strength. Car, we were talking about doubling up the jab. That's what D's going to do. But Usyk not really allowing him. I just think he needs to commit to it a little bit more. You're right. He's taking step back. He's jabbing over the front the first jab. But he jabs over the first jab and another one comes in behind it. It might land. I just think he needs to commit a little bit more like Daniel does. We said that in the fight that literally every time he throws a punch, it's all or nothing for him. It hasn't got to be reckless, but it's got to be, like you say, K 100% committed because here in this round, he's being picked off quite comfortably, I think, in this round, but he's not really committed with that jab. He's half stepping in with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's wary about what's coming out of that final one, isn't it? He wants to trouble up the jab. That left hand comes right through the middle. That beautiful shot there. The poor skills and speed of Alexander Rusk at the age of 30 still evident for all of us to see. He sort of throws two good shots and Nick at the end is he just so relaxed isn't he, you know, complete opposite to that allows him to throw shots. Big goal times. Big goal for Darren from Daniel Devoir. He must have expended a lot of energy and Tony Benny always talks about that. The Luc makes you work extra hard. Yeah, the face for hand and feet, the little twitches, they make you react. And when you're mentally tired, send is exhausting. Missing is only superseding your tirelessness by taking shots. It's an ex for big fans like it's a real problem. just picking his punches, selecting good and just gets one through and there's a smile for us who stays standing. No low blow controversy there. Mike Griffin, the referee who actually refereed AJ's upset to Andy Ruiz in the garden a few years ago. Oh no. He was physically the goat. [Applause] about that one as low as low as the last one in the last fight. &gt;&gt; Sort of exactly the same, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; You know what? Us just picked him apart in that round. He didn't do nothing. He didn't do loads to start the round. Every time Daniel threw a shot, he threw over the top really quickly and just took a little bit of confidence away from Daniel Dub. &gt;&gt; The arch lit up. Amazing to see ring walks and the stars very much in. He's getting a big boo. A problem child Jake Paul at Jason Stadium. So many in tonight of stage and screen and sport at this wonderful setting of Wembley Stadium. Thanks for joining us live on the zone. The undisputed heavyweight championship. This the round where Daniel Dwir finished off Anthony Joshua in September. The right hand again. He's trying that shot time and time. He took it well on the gloves though. Usyk and takes a step out of range as well just to take some of the power out of the shot. And again, just he started this round, he landed a lovely jab. Usyk and the variation of the shot. He just went inside of the stance, the orthodox stance, and fired the shot right through the guard of Dubra. Always keeping Dra thinking it's what you said earlier, D. He never loses up his relaxing. There's no need to wait on the shot. You get the weight and the toes away. The crowd are charging for the Ukrainian wizard who's just looking at There is a 45 the round where his dreams came true against AJ will turn into a nightmare. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Heat. What a statement. Repeat even more this time around. He wanted to make it heavier and more evident. And he knocks out Daniel the one in five. And Wembley amazing. He said it would be quicker. He said it'd be more conclusive. He was better than the last time. Daniel come and give it a good go there. But I said he don't lose out with shots. And then as soon as I said it, he started planting his feet down. &gt;&gt; Yeah. A threetime undisputed world champion. This man is a great He will go down as one of the best of all time. That was special. That was punch perfect. He's greatness there. &gt;&gt; The first knock that was a sweeping hook that he didn't see, Daniel, I think. But that last shot, he dug his feet into the canvas and whipped that left hand right over the top. He bowled it over. Lovely to see this between the parallel Daniel trying everything at 27. He can come again but there was no match to the mccurial wizard that is Alexander oozing that right hand chopping by the ear of Dubois and then following that it was the left hook wasn't it? &gt;&gt; I think it's that first one. Sorry I think it's the first one that really did the damage that one knocked him over but I think the first one really stunned him. in the next one to open this shot here we're going to see in a minute was a corker of a punch. &gt;&gt; Here we go. Alexander Usyk at his scintillating best with a left counter to the chin. And it was good night for Daniel and all rise for the brilliance of Alexander Usyk who just deserves so many accolades because he's a wonderful guy outside of the ring, inside of the ring. I think he's top 10 of all time. Absolutely stunning left hand to close the show here. Look at this shot on the point of the chin. Daniel Jua knew it was coming. You can see him shutting his eyes. It landed and it closed the show. The man is special. We are going to miss this fighter when he's gone and there's not long left. He is a king. He is a king. He literally is. There was no way to was getting up from that. The dream is over at Wembley. But Alexander Rousi, one, two, three. And there's tears of emotion because he's done that for Ukraine and he's done it for the world. Wonderful. But you know what? He did the three day he that's tremendous. Daniel went on fighting. You admire him for that. He went on fighting. He didn't go didn't take any stay down. He went on fighting and he deserves respect for that and look he's just going to be some of &gt;&gt; and look what it means doing it for his people. He was fighting for something else more than money more than titles for his nation for his people. We half stunned half in celebration because a lot of people came to witness this genius. There's not long left for Alexander Usyk. And everybody here will be able to tell their grandkids that they saw the master. A mess what he is.