Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for six rounds in the middleweight division brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red Prize Sky Global Next Trade Unet Flex Mize Business Loans and Bow Nutrition. Our time keeper is Brett BS and when the bell rings our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Kieran [Music] McCain. Introducing to you first fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wear in black with red and weighed in officially at 159.12 lb. Coming to us from Narva, Estonia. He is a veteran of 29 professional bouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Dimmitri Dima [Music] [Applause] Profuna. And his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. comes wearing white with officially at 159.15 lb from Chester, England. He had a stellar amateur career, proudly representing Great Britain at the 2024 Olympics, becoming a bronze medalist, and now tonight he makes his highly anticipated professional boxing debut. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing Louis Richardson. By the way, listen up. You both know the rules. You're going to make my command all time. I tell you to break clean. Take a step back. Promo punches. Find your 18 post. That's most importantly, protect yourself at all time. Check that. So almost a year after he became the only meddling success of a pretty disappointing Olympic cycle for team GB, the very intelligent, wellschooled former amateur star and Paris bronze medalist Lewis Richardson has the dream stage for his debut. He's brought big support at the A12 from Colchester. A stadium bow for a major talent. Frank Crack Warren smiling. He got his man Eddie Hearns just arrived next to him. He didn't get it. No, he never. But this man here with all the attributes that you mentioned, Adam, what he has along with that is lots of ambition, lots of desire to go all the way. He's hungry for success, wants to get a move on. He really does. And you can see already that terrific hand speed that he possesses. Yeah, good timing Lewis Richardson has out of that southpaw style. He's quick. He finds angles. He's good in and out. He's just a wonderful boxer, isn't he, Barry? Yeah, he is. Loads of skill. It's just, you know, we see the amateurs is that transitional period where, you know, you want to keep the fast hands, the fast feet, but you want to also just start sitting down on your punches a little bit more cuz power comes into play. you know, in the amateur game is not really that important as it is as a pro. It was just about turning into the shots, sitting down the adventures, but still trying to maintain that speed and that energy that you had as an amateur. Also like seeing these top class amateurs starting in six rounds. You mentioned there he's 28 years old. There's no need for him to do four rounders here. Bundles of talent. You know, he's been around the world, you know, operating at the highest level. Get straight in at six. I would say, you know, every top class fighter should start six. I thought you were going to say four. You both Jim W used to say four rounders shouldn't exist. Everyone should start at six rounders. Carl's I know what Carl did four four rounders to start his four rounders and he was a better fighter than either of you two. How far can Lewis go in the pro ranks? It is a different sport. All the attributes of an amateur. It's important often to have that really good pedigree. We remember the southpaw skills of Luke Campbell getting gold at the Olympics in 2012 and maybe should have become a world champion, but it's different as a pro. It is. He got the fight for Ro and he got so he got to the very top. He just didn't he just didn't tick that last box. That was all there for Luke Campbell. So he was successful in many ways and I think for Richardson he has the ability to go all the way. But there's so many other factors in in the pro game that you know can he hold the shot? What's he like under pressure? Does he have the stamina to go 12 rounds? You know all these things he'll develop and we'll learn and he'll learn as he goes along. Right hand from Brockas who's not overruled here in fight number 30. He knows his way around the ring. Probably won't be able to live with Richardson in terms of talent or skill or speed or ability, but he'll try. And he's game. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] with all the way over the night. That's the Louiswis Richardson team as he goes out for the second of six in his first ever professional fight. Good support from Colchester. Popular figure. Bright guy, isn't he? Lovely to love. See, as Barry said, you know, as fighters progress, they just start learning the program game. Just start sitting down on the shot really fully rotating through the shots. But as far as artillery is concerned, you know, shot say, accuracy, speed, it's all there. just body shots very well. Yeah, he's doing quite well. He's maintaining that distance. He's not too closely. He's turning into the shot too close. He's punching nice and long. He's using his attributes at the right time. That's good. That's good to see. Obviously, he's a top pass. He knows how to throw punch and how to deliver a shot correctly, but he's slow down a little bit of his footwork in the second round, but still producing the quality work. Dmitri Prous in those black and red trunks has only been stopped once in his 20 defeats and that was to Jimmy Sains and that was in this very round. So he normally navigates his way through. And what it is with these really top class amateurs that turn pro that they eliminate the risk of getting caught with anything. And that's why you see they don't fully commit to the shots because when you really commit to the shot, you know, for a split second, you are vulnerable. On the flip side, someone like Fabio Wardley on tonight's main event who who doesn't have that amateur background. He doesn't have that sort of uh I don't know that that grounding to sort of listen to. So he just commits to everything. So it'll take Richard Bridget some time to sort of grow into the pro game. I don't think it would take too long as we say to have a fantastic amateur pedigree but Fabio Wardley had just a handful of white collar fights and he sold out the stadium. So there we go. You never know, do you? No, it's it's a mad sport, isn't it? And one he's one of one of the craziest stories if he does get to the very top. But this kid here was just showing the ability of the hand speed. You know the rat combinations four and five really fast down the line as well. His accuracy in his work and then he learns. Yeah he will. And he's really smothering punas now with you know presence and world rate. They're not heavy shots but see the Estonia really start to breathe heavy now. Just maybe just start sitting down a little just bending those legs a little bit more rather than trying to sort of tense up if you can get in the shot. Use your legs to generate that power still that I don't know your upper body stay more relaxed so you will lose that speed. You still have more weight for your shots. Yeah. Not looking for the power yet Lewis Richardson but he's boxing beautifully side to side in front of his family or inside. Two rounds down to Richardson. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] again. There's the big smile of the very aimable, intelligent young man from Colchester who believes he will be a big success in the pro. Some feel he's got too much of an amateur style. He might not generate too much power as we go along. But he disagrees. He thinks that he's going to grow into it. He's 28 now, Barry. And there is time, but the skills are there. He's got an amateur style cuz he's an amateur boxer. So, right. No, I mean, so you got to have that. The corner is telling all the right things when you get him on the ropes and I love that. He's got to get on the side on the body. Just change the angle and he's doing it exactly what he's doing. And look at that. The the movement after rolled under stepped to his right. He's always in front of Pakunis as well. Really making the Estonian work. And they're not heavy shots, but the accuracy is fantastic. The speed is blistering. It's an awful lot to like. So much to work with. There really is. And let's be honest, this is a fight just to get introducing. That's all it is. This is how he's Olympic bronze med. This this this is his start of his career. It's not this is not about any jeopardy in it at all. Like for all of us mostly, that's the truth. So, you know, this is it's all about let's have a look at it. the well the potential that he might have that that he shown as an amateur and we seeing it now maybe in the pro game I think skill for skill it's all there for him trying to back up in the neutral corner he's only got one stoppage on his record the Estonian he's 20 so he's packed plenty into his young boxing life but he uh is set for a life on the road and it's a hard career, but he'll be earning his money. You want to go the distance. That will be the moral victory and then he can be back on the scene in a week or two. Absolutely. I mean, I'm pretty sure he probably got a fight lined up within the next couple of weeks. So, so important that he doesn't get stopped so he doesn't get the 30 days. But this is good work again. Good presence, good intent on the front foot. Working the levels with the shots, head and body. really accurate with that left around the the right elbow for Krunz. And you watch how what you see he's doing there with the hand speed and just touching the target cuz that's obviously what he's been doing as a as an amateur to be so successful. Oh, that changes in just two or three fights. Oh, he won't throw six punches. He'll throw three or four and there be more weight in the shots and he'll turn into the punches a little bit more. won so much as an amateur. Three NAVC titles, a couple of Haring Box Cups, European Box Cup goals, and of course the bronze medal in Paris. Mostly on skills, but yeah, when he got caught, he liked to fight as well, Lewis Richardson. So, he could be entertaining as well as the show of speed and skill and agility. And his boxing IQ is fabulous. It's on point. It really is. mention box will be there next weekend showing [Music] that Holland is here of course have been switched down who stay in the Premier League unfortunately finished a couple of weeks ago. Colin McMillan there alongside him. What a fighter he was. Sweet see. Barry and I were talking about that earlier. There they are. Best of fmies these days. Eddie and Frank who's going to get the victory as they head back down the A12 later. Justice Honey, Eddie's charge. And of course Fabio Wardley who's moved from that to Queensbury. And there is Kira McKenna as well. It's a huge chair. Manager of interest. They want to bounce straight back from the championship. Wonderful old club. I remember as a kid I'm a Liverpool fan but I watched John Walk and Alan Brazil and all the great back then. Terrific day. Zip switch. Great club. He really is. Where's Liam? Chelsea's new [Applause] number. Chelsea of course in the club world cup that you can see on dis starting next week. huge tournament. Get involved in that. If Chelsea get to the final, I'm going to take that out. I'll take I'll take it. They got to beat Real Madrid. Manchester City or the great apart from Liverpool. We're not in it. Or I switch. It'll be good fun though, won't it? Of course it will. Lewis Richardson here. Second half of this one. I think he'll look to go the six rounds tonight in his pro debut. Sharpen those tools. He's been out of the ring for a while. been doing a a few bits and pieces behind closed doors, sparring, getting used to what it should be like as a professional, but you never know until you get under the lights and put the small gloves on there and boxing really well. I like the defensive work going unnoticed really the way he's just slipping and sliding. Look at that stick to his right. Lovely just sort of almost standing in the same position he was and really going through the gears here. Good work from Richardson. It's much better. Do a little bonus step there. Just give him a bit more fluency and and then just drop your hand in it and show off. I think this is the fight where you can afford to do that sort of stuff. Upping the tempo. Fans are enjoying this and it's really filling up here at Bourman Road. 20,000 expected in here to see Fabio Wardley and Justice Uni coming up a little bit later. Remember Pierce Oli the hot Irishman is up next. It's a fabulous night live on the zone. June the 7th. What a summer ahead. I think his jab can be fantastic. He's really accurate with it. I think he I think he can start stepping in with it and turning it as his career develops. And I think that might be a really good weapon. So many southps these days. Remember Frankie Gav, James Deale, Billy Joe Shers all turning at the same time. Three southps there. You look at Moses who was here ringside earlier. Alexander Usi controlling the heavyweight world. These poor siders Darren are a nightmare man. They are a nightmare. They really are. Luckily for me down at the Repson amateur boxing club, they seem to breed them down there. So I never mind in the south. I tell you what, Lewis Richardson really is a a classy operator. He did. He did indeed. Daniel happy Welshman. Just lovely movement, fluency from Lewis Richardson. They're winning this at a cancer. Green on the eye [Applause] though. Backstage. Taping up time. Fabio Wley getting primed for battle. Darren, what was it like when you used to get your hands wrapped at this stage? What would go through your mind? Do you know what? It was one of the worst moments for me. You'd have someone from the other team in there watching you and you know the nerves are flowing. You know, you're getting closer to that moment. I used to like, you know, knowing that your moments away. This is what you live for. All the hard work's done. You're ready now. You're ready for war. I've always wanted to know what do they scribble on the tape because you see the gloves taken off afterwards and it you don't quite know what it is. Good luck. Keep your hands up. Keep your hands up. Did you enjoy that being changed up or you nervous? You know what? I never had I never had my hands ticked up until my first professional fight and it was just an amazing experience cuz you put them on and just go, "Wow, this is so you realize that you can punish him. It's not a waste of time." But yeah, Le Richardson has the little gloves on for the first time. Middleweight division probably will go down a super welter. You'd have thought to 28 the man from Colchester. He's already done four rounds. The pace and comfortable blown by hasn't it? He's boxed really well. He's controlled everything as we thought he would calm his approach as well. Show that hand speed as Dan said. football's been really good and I think that J is going to develop into even a better weapon than it already is. It's a rich front row over there with Frank Eddie, Francis Warren, Spencer Brown here as well. Of course, part of the Justice Hoodie team. It's a It's a real divide in Queens tonight. But the best thing is we get them both on their own. It's brilliant. I mean, the main event, it really is intriguing. You know, the the popular narrative is Boxer versus puncture. So you see a classy boxer here in Lewis Richardson. Speed under the foot. His reaction. You see in between the two or three shots that he throws, he just leans back, takes a quick step back and he'll fire him with another blistering combination. Nice little left uppercut again from Richardson. And he'll start to get that lateral movement as you do as a pro. You start to get a little bit lower and stance slightly wider. So you know so you just start to roll with shots where in the amateur game you don't do that as much and all that just develop over a few fights and I think for someone like him with his boxing brain and and you see the corner quite intelligent I think that'll develop quite rapidly for him and all the other stuff it's just down to if he has certain things that you can't you can't teach or learn you have to just experience it find out about your desire your your resistance to punches and all that sort of stuff is you don't know what that how that's going In that moment covering up defensively pretty sound can't cope with the speed the punch from Richardson but he's making sure that he gets through this and hats on to him because he's been under the cost from the beginning. Richardson in that office working head and body and good defense there too. Extremely sh those defensive skills really will carry him along well with the speed that he possesses so important go through the goal here in the FIFA Club World Cup which is almost upon us the zone the official global broadcaster for the 2025 FIFA Club World Cup 32 of the world's biggest football clubs next week it starts June the 14th watch all 63 matches only on the zone Real Madrid Man City Chelsea a whole lot compete for the greatest prize in club competition. The question Darren Barker, can the Blues do it? They will do it. I'll be there for Barry's take. It's going to be the best B he's ever experienced in his life. A long way. Lewis Richardson a bounce to his step into the final round of what's been a very sweet and successful professional debut against Dmitri Crockers. Bright guy, intelligent in the ring. He's got a master's degree in sports business management as well. Lewis Richardson. Don't mess with him. No, he's he's really switched on. I was with him a couple of months ago and like I say, you just got to speak to him and he's so ambitious. He's so switched on, intelligent as you mentioned there. And yeah, he's he's got the talent as well. Bundles of it. Showed us a lot here, hasn't he? Defensively, sound, so quick with the distance down. Incredible. It really is. And look, as we've said, there are things to work on. He will sit down on the shots as time progresses. He will start really turning the hip through the shots. But that takes time. That takes experience. I don't think it'll be long for him. I think it'll be a rapid improvement for him. I know sitting on the shots. Obviously that takes a while to learn. Is that about experience in momentum of early fights with different opponents? Is it about gym work? Is it about great coaching? Or is it just a mixture? It's a combination, Adam. It really is an understanding. You don't know. You've been you've been in a professional contest. You train for it. You do it. And all your career is being freeooted fast hands. But to win these amateur tournament, it's not saying, "Yeah, all that's good." It's that sitting on your shots. The power is is more important has ever been before. So, it's just it's that adaption. But I think for the talent that people like him have, they they can adapt quite quickly. I've just been watching his feet for the last 20 seconds or so, Lewis Richardson. And he glides. He moves effortlessly around the squared circle. He really is beautiful to watch. Great balance, pivots side to side. He's going to be a really, really good fighter to watch. And whether he can develop that, I guess professional strength, the power, we wait and see. But he's got the dazzling hand speed and he's going to be a handful really at any level. Yeah, he will. And all that happens with time is it it moves from quantity to quality. You know, the these are quality shots, but probably throwing more than it needs to. You start planting your feet. Everything just ever so slightly slows down as far as well up concerned. You can still be busy, but you start sort of planting your feet a little bit more, turning the hips into the shot. But there's so much talent here. There really is. Again, that that goes unnoticed. It's a little tiny fraction of a sway back to miss the shot. Then he fires straight back with his counter. Brilliant. And I tell you what, he's scored at a decent pace as well. He's dictated everything about it. So every exchange starts with I know he's up against the rounds, but still the thought and the work ethic was good. Well, he was meant to win. He was meant to win comfortably. It was a boxing masterass in his professional debut. No doubt about that. Much much tougher tests ahead, but the start is a good one. High quality fighter Lewis Richardson. Welcome to the professional business. Well, not to Dmitri Brockus. Not easy. Six rounds at that sort of pace against a fighter of Richardson's quality. And it's a good corner. It's a good start. And it will be fascinating to watch how he develops, the speed that Frank Warren takes him and whether Lewis Richardson can move into title contention in the next two or three years and up to world level. All to be answered. Big smile. Tough to get his professional debut underway, but he did it with ease. [Music] Ring magazine show number three July the 12th two huge co-main [Music] events up to face Edgar Belanga Shakov Stevenson against William for the WBC world lightweight title a blockbuster night from New York City live on the zone Lewis Richardson it'll be 6054 for unanimous great performance. Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of boxing, our referee in charge, Kieran McCann, scores the contest 60- 54 for your winner and successful in his professional boxing debut, Louis Richardson. Congratulations to coaches Lewis Richardson, who's up and running. Respected Ditriulus, who is the first of many opponents to lie and wait for the Olympic bronze medalist and potentially future big star of the Go.