Kind: captions Language: en Jack [Music] [Applause] Dier shot immediately. Now goes Martinez for the second time. Now there's over two minutes to go in third one in this third round. That's a good shot and he's going to stop him. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Fight Night Live on TNT Sports from the SS Arena in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors 32 Red and Uni Bet. We get things started with four rounds scheduled and it is a international lightweight contest. Our timekeeper is Dale Elliot. And when the bell rings, our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Lee Every. Introducing to you first, fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing Blackwood silver and weighed in officially at 9 stone 8 lb. a native of Nicaragua. He is now making his home in Cordoba, Catalunia, Spain. And he is a veteran of 30 professional bouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Darwin Elenito [Music] Martinez. and his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing green with silver and officially weighed in at nine stone 9 lbs. Hailing from Liverpool, England, he brings an undefeated record with six wins. All six wins coming by way of knockout in the very first round. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Jack D. [Applause] Turner. Boxes, please. Jack, Jack. Okay, lads. When I say stop, you stop boxing. When I say break, take a step back. Keep your hands up. Protect yourself at all times. Good luck to you both. Good luck. Well, good evening everybody. All set here then at the SSSE Arena in Belfast and I advise you not to blink for this one. Jack Dern has had six fights, won all six, and each of them has ended in the first round. His whole career has lasted less than 11 minutes. Good evening, Richie Woodall. How are you? Yes, good evening, Fletch. Yeah, looking forward to this one. Um, very explosive indeed, Jack Turner. So, let's see if he can keep up with his record of six first round knockouts. See if he can get the number seven. That is the target. He was quite open about that at the way in yesterday, but he's in there with a very durable man. Darwin Martinez doesn't win too many. It took Andrew Kane four rounds to get him out of there when we saw him last at York Hall. He's only been stopped twice in his last 19 fights and four times in 30 overall. So there is the possibility for the man in the green sparkly trunks to at least get some minutes in the ring tonight, but you never know. Yes, he's up against some much tougher opponents, isn't he? So he may have to work a little bit harder, but nevertheless, he's a natural puncher. Jack Turner starts very quickly and you can see from the body language of Martinez, he's just staying on that back foot, just trying to stay out the way of those big shots. But he's he's an exciting kid turner. I really like him. Yeah. 22 years of age. He's from Liverpool. He's got Joe McN in the corner. He's listed as Jack Derer because there's another Jack Turner on the bill tonight. So based on the fact we've got the two licensed boxers, that's why the D is in the middle of Jack Turner's name. Turner there just moving into range, but he actually got caught with a good shot himself. So his chin was up in the air a little bit. So he's got to address that. Get that chin down. That wasn't a bad shot from Martinez. Just able to land that jab. Nice and durable. Has been. Took Andrew Kane a little while to catch up with him, but that's the first power shot landed there tonight from Jack D. Turner. Yeah, good shot there from Turner. That's what he's got to try and do. He's got to try and make um his opponent here, Martinez, come forward and then try and catch him. Martin has boxed quite um quite clever on the outside up to now. That's why it's probably a little bit more difficult to land that big shot on him. But if you can get him to come forward over that front foot and then connect with a big punch as like that one there. Just needs him to come forward as he's throwing that sort of shot and that's when he could cause some real problems. Well, he's got half a minute to maintain this streak of stopping every opponent that he faces in the first round. It has to end at some stage. Can't do that forever. As the opposition gets more difficult, the ability to stop them will become more difficult as well. shot from Martinez and then Turner just made him pay with the right hand on the way out. Final few seconds. Oh, he's down. 4 5 6 7 8. Well, he manages to hear the bell, but he was down in the first round. So, he's maintained a sequence of sorts and he caught him with an absolute beauty right at the end of the round. [Music] Let's have a look at it, Richie. It was a really, really fast shot to put him down. Lovely, wasn't it? One, two, right hand especially banged on the button as Martinez is just coming forward slightly. That was a peach of a shot. What a great punch that was. If that would have happened earlier on in the round, then he might have actually got the stoppage there. But yeah, tremendous stuff. [Music] Okay, but keep the speed down. Don't get him again. 10 seconds. Second, round two. I'm not sure whether you could hear what Joe McN was saying between rounds because they turned the music up to a ridiculous level while they were sitting down the boxes. Um, but he did get him on the canvas in the first round and we'll see whether Jack D. Turner can get this over and done with in the second. the first time he's been this far as a professional. And he's added another 3 minutes to the 11 minutes that we've seen of ring time that he's had in there since he turned pro. Yeah, that really was an excellent shot there. Good one, two. And again, you see Troy, he's setting he's setting Martinez up now as he's coming forward. Um, good stuff from Turner just on the outside. Martinez, he's just got to watch what he's doing here, Fletch, as he's creeping forward slowly. He's quite slow in those feet. He's very flatooted and that's why the turn is now starting to set him up with these shots as he's coming forward. He has some good stuff. Certainly got Martinez with respect now. He knows the power is genuine and in there and the confidence will be flowing through Puddley and Jack Der. [Applause] It's the right hand that does the damage and when he lets it go, Richie, it's on you in a flash. Yeah, some good stuff. I mean, again, look at that. Superb one, two there. Right hand, especially the one that got through. And yeah, he's showing good variation, isn't he, Turner, because he's not only he can punch with good hooks, he's got great strength shots as well. So yeah, I like the look of him. I can't emphasize enough that this is a durable man in there. 31st fight for the Nicaraguan Martinez. Only been stopped four times and he's only been stopped twice in his last 19. So, he is a man that tends to give prospects rounds even though he doesn't win too many fights, but it doesn't look as though he's going to last much longer in there against Turner. Well, you can't make mistakes like that what he just did there. It was a sloppy shot downstairs, the right hand to the body, and that's all. Look at that for a shot there. That's all Turner needs. If it's a slow punch, then he's going to come back with those fast counters. Every time he lands the right hand, it's doing damage right now to Martinez. Excellent work in the second round with little bit less than a minute to go from Jack D. Turner. I think he can sense that he's moving towards the stage of the fight where he can finish things off in there. I think Martinez now he's really wary of what he's going to do cuz he seems to be getting punished now for every sort of mistake he's making. But the slow feet, there's not much head work there. He's the way he's walking forward very slowly. It's a bit of a sitting duck if anything. And and Turner is finding those quality shots and then just switching to the body and then that switch of attack from body to head. That was impressive. Yeah. Left hand this time that did the damage from Turner who says he's a big fan of Gennady Golovkin who could punch as well. He's looking to land those shots that sicken Martinez when he connects with them. But he is going to survive another round. And there's the bell to end the second. [Applause] Listen to me. Stop getting caught in wild swings. You're looking very good some boxing. Okay. So, it's always have to take him to pieces to keep the punch by giving the chance. Okay. [Music] Don't let your hands up. Don't let him close the gut. Keep on your toes. Welcome back to the SSC Arena in Belfast. And there's just a bit of damage under the right eye of Jack D. And that's what they're working on. And while you're away, Joe McN was saying to them, "Stop getting caught when you come in. Don't be sloppy. Stop leaving yourself open and being reckless. Second touch and three. I think Flex, it was good advice there from Joe Manali. He he sees that Turner is a little bit reckless here and there. He really goes for it though, doesn't he? With the the shots that he throws, but it just um it's a good contest this cuz Martinez, you know, he's not a pushover and he has got through with some dangerous punches of his own. And that's the the danger position you're in when you're a big puncher like Turner because you're in that mid sort of section where mid power punching. You're there to be hit as well. So you've got to think about you got to have one eye on the defense the defensive aspect of things as also because he's been caught with a couple of shots and that eye damage shows that. That's a good shot. Now goes Martinez for the second time and there's over two minutes to go in the third. Six, seven, eight. You okay? You sure? You sure? Every checking that he's okay and he wants to carry on. And you wonder with all of this time left in the round whether Jack D Turner can finish things off here. Well, that was great how he just started there with that jab. Just a simple jab. Bang on the button. And again, just keep peppering him with the jab and opening him up and then then go for for the big one. But he's got to listen to his corner a little bit. He's confident now. Look, switching to from orthodox to southpaw. So, he's really showing confidence, but he's just got to listen to his corner. Just break him down with those jabs and the boxing and then move in with the bigger punch. Martinez looking more and more open the longer the contest goes on. This is scheduled for four at lightweight. It was a bit of an up and down week in terms of who Turner was going to be fighting. Originally, Martinez, then it switched to Gerson Larios, a Spaniard, and then late yesterday Martinez reinstated as the opponent. So, He's in there. Whether he's enjoying it too much against this powerful punching 22-year-old from Liverpool, I'm not so sure. And he continues to let the punches go. Minutes to go in the third. Martinez down twice already in the contest. See, listening to to Turner's corner again, just shouting, "Throw the jab." Because in these situations when the opponent's a bit reluctant to come forward, you've got to make him come forward. Fletch and you do that by just outboxing him with the jab, he's prefering him with that shot and then give make him come over that front foot. That's what you have to do. Just draw him out of that shell a little bit. Quite a bit of bruising under the eye of Turner who's caught again there by Martinez who when the opportunity does appear, he's happy to let his hands go. He'll be learning an awful lot in there. It's all right blowing everybody away. Six fights, six first round stoppages, 11 minutes of work, but the rounds he's getting tonight invaluable to him, Rich. Yeah, it is invaluable indeed. His kids know Morg in front of him and uh he's enjoying it, but he's just got to watch what he's doing, but like I say, I just like to see him get back to his boxing a little bit more. [Music] Fantastic. This is the best you the end of the round. You're going reckless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] caught one or two. You don't need to. You're boxing beautiful. Keep working that jab. Double the attacks, but stay small and just keep the speed and combinations. Sh. Okay. It's the counter punches that are catching him. Don't give him your own run. He'll test it a little bit. Belfast. Let's have a look at some of the action from the third round, Richie. Yeah, that was a a shot that seemed to be sort of the back of the head. Let's have a look from this angle. Yeah, sort of the back of the head, wasn't it? That punch there. But still, Martinez goes down. He's boxing fairly well, I think. Um, Fletch. Yeah, the man doing the work on his eyes, a man you know very well, Russ Amber in the corner. Yeah, my friend Russ, head of rival boxing equipment and a great a great man indeed. best unra in the business. So the last round, can Jack Chakd Turner get another stoppage against this durable man from Nicaragua, Darwin Martinez, who was down in the first, down in the third. Turner though can't stop him to this point. One thing that was interesting while we were taking that short break is that Joe McN said to him between rounds, "This is the best you've looked." Yeah. So I think they're quite happy with what they've seen in the main tonight. Really good left hand through the guard of Martinez. Well, he does turn it on, Turner. He's far too good for his opponent. Yeah, he's got a lot of variety, hasn't he? Just changed his footwork there. Just slipped. Sorry, just sidestep to the to the right and then came back and then threw the punch at a different angle. So, yeah, he's experimenting with things and enjoying the contest. Like I say, set it all up behind that simple jab of his. What I like about this contest, Fletch, is is, you know, he's in with a fairly, I think, dangerous puncher himself, Martinez. You know, he's no slouch and uh he carries a fair whack himself. suspect it's going to be quite an atmosphere inside this arena a little bit later on. We're looking forward to see Yannier Herrera, the young Cuban. He's on the bill. He's a really talented fighter. PS against Daro, the the Dublin derby, and then Connor Quinn against Connor Kelson, the top of the bill here at the SSC Arena as Turner tries to go through the gears again with a bit more than a minute to go in the contest. A change of pace there. Just going through the gears a little bit. Nearly got caught there himself, though. See, he's still dangerous Martinez. That's why more work is needed behind his boxing turner here just to break him down a little bit. See why he gets so much work as well, can't you, Martinez? He fights often. Doesn't win many, but he always gives full value. And he's given a prospect like Turner a workout tonight. Four good rounds. He's been down. He's taken shots, but he's still there with 40 seconds to go. Yeah, he's a tough opponent indeed. And I think there's a bit of damage now to that that eye. There's a little bit of a mouse, isn't there, underneath the right eye of Jack Turner. And there's just a little bit of blood from it also. So, you know, um Turner's in a fight here. The damage is significantly worsened underneath that right eye of Jack Dur. That's because a lot of the time Fletch is in punching range, that mid-range where he wants to throw those power shots and occasionally gets caught himself. Look at this. Got caught again there with that left foot. Got caught with a couple of shots, didn't he? And he stood there and he said to Martinez, "Come on then, let's have it." But I don't think Joe McN and his corner is going to be too happy by that. He's going to be happy with the win. They'll be happy to get four rounds in the bank. Smiles in the corner. But he doesn't want to do that too often and stand in trade in situations like that. That's a learning curve for him. You know what, Fletchie's probably learned more from this fight than he has the whole of his other fights, the other six first round knockouts that he had. This one for me will really keep him in in good serving him in goodstead. He's learned a lot from here. He's hit the opponent with with several big big punches. He hasn't gone away. He's come back, got caught himself. So, there's still work to do in the gym, but his coach will be pleased. He's got six rounds under his belt. Yes, it's it's a big plus tonight, and we know he can box better than that as well. Let's have a look at the action at the end of the round. It got very, very spicy with about 10 seconds to go. It all started kicking off in there. Two really good shots landed by Martinez. Yeah, standing toe-to-toe there, really having a go. both boxers and that's entertaining for the fans also. So overall quite a good night for Turner. Well, I suppose when you've had six first round stoppages, at least he knows you can take a shot now because he just had to take one. Yeah, he's I think he's had to take several in this contest and um you know, I think it's been a good night for him to be quite honest. It's a tough opponent. So we're just waiting for Russ Amber to finish his work and Jack D. Turner can move to join Lee Every and Darwin Martinez in center ring and we can get the result for the first time tonight from MC Thomas Triber. Ladies and gentlemen, after four rounds of boxing, our referee in charge, Lee Every, scores this contest 40-34 for your winner. And still undefeated, Jack D. Turner. Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for eight rounds and it is a international super featherweight contest brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors 32 Red and Uni Vet. Timekeeper is Dale Elliot and when the bell rings, our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Mark Bates. Introducing to you first, fighting tonight out of the red corner, he comes to ring wearing black trunks and weighed in officially at 9 stone 7 lb. Coming to us from Tumaco, Colia. He brings a professional record of 11 wins. Just one defeat with two wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Andres [Music] Navarete. And his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing pink with purple and black and weighed in officially at nine stone 8 lbs. A native of Kamaguay Huba, he is now fighting out of Dubai, United Arab Emirates and brings an undefeated record with 14 wins. 12 of his 14 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is Jadier and [Applause] gentlemen, when I tell you to break, you take a step back immediately. Keep your punches up. Keep your punches up. Obey my commands and protect yourselves at all times. Good luck, gentlemen. Touch gloves. Behave. So, Navarete wanting to talk. final face off, but it's time for the Cuban puncher, Hadier Herrera. 14 straight wins, 12 stoppages, all at the age of 21. There's excitement around him. And as he did his ring walk, Joe McN was stood right above our commentary position. And he looked down to you and said, "You're going to enjoy him, Richie." Yeah, he did indeed. And uh I think he thinks he's a special talent. Let's see. But Joe McN certainly knows his boxing. certainly looks the part in the multi-purpass. Andres Navarete 27, one 11 of 12. And he certainly cut a confident figure as he made his ring walk and the introductions were being given out by Thomas Triber. So we'll see whether reality sets in against Herrera. There's a buzz around him. He's heavy-handed. He's done everything right to this point. And now we get to see him for the first time here on TNT Sports this evening. Navareti being a little bit ambitious coming forward and trying to lead with with the backhand. Got to watch what he's doing there. He'll walk onto a shot. Nevertheless, I think he was just uh trying to make a statement to Herrera that he's not going to be a pushover, but it could be his undoing. If he comes forward swinging like that, he's going to get caught again there. He wasn't too far away with his own shot, but if he misses the target, you won't get away with with those type of mistakes against this kid. Good long left hand is the naturally bigger super featherweight, isn't he? Just on looks alone. Herrera stopped his last six opponents. Franklin Manzanir lasting the longest when he made it to round five back in 2022. So, he's on a bit of a run and he was very, very confident at the weigh-in yesterday. Confident when he stepped in between the ropes here in Belfast tonight. and looking to continue this stoppage streak that he's on at the moment and make a statement in the process. It's quite appropriate that we've got this one at super featherweight just after we've heard from Anthony Kakashi, the IBF champion at this weight. Of course, there was an example there of of Navareti making a mistake trying to throw that backand missing the target and he got punished there. Herrera caught him with a super left hand counter setting everything up again behind his jab. You can see, you know, he comes from that Cuban school um of boxing, if you like, and they're all well schooled, aren't they? They're very, very skillful fighters from Look at that for a shot. Just perfection in a counter. That was mistake by Navareti and immediately made the pay with a good stiff shot from Herrera. Like we said earlier, Fletcher, because he's trying to lead off with his back hand that you see again there, he just got away with it. But you can't afford to do that against such a quality opponent, an accurate puncher like Herrera. Doesn't want to spend too much time with his back to the ropes either against Herrera. 30 seconds to go in the first. This one scheduled for eight at Super Featherweight. And that's a good shot and he's going to stop him. Well, he stopped on his feet. That shot took everything out of Nabaretti and well done to Mark Bates for stopping it and jumping straight in. That's a brilliant stoppage because he could have got seriously hurt and the referee not spotted that. You took the words right out of my mouth. That was brilliant by the referee there cuz he saved that lad from getting a real good idea. Another good shot and he'd have been completely knocked out. He was stunned and stopped on his feet from that shot from Herrera. So, the referee there, that was spot on. Yeah, full credit to Mark Bates and full credit as well to Herrera who's delighted with his night's work. It didn't last very long. He stopped another one and he did that very, very straightforwardly here tonight. You can see his quality, can't you? You see, he's working with his jab. He comes um from that has got that Cuban background. He would have had lots and lots of amateur contests. So, look at the finish here. It's a shot there. Good shot and then one there. Look at that. And he's out on his feet here. He's out on his feet. Referee jumps in. That's a great decision there by the referee. Let's have a look at it here. This one just miss just skims the target. That's the one. That's the shot on the point of the chin and he's gone. He's out on his feet here and one just misses. But the referee there, that was excellent timing there to jump in. Yeah, that's the fourth first round stoppage of Herrera's career. Seven stoppages in a row. Brilliant work by Mark Bates. He's been with Joe McN for 15 months. The fourth fight together tonight. Everybody's excited about him and that's what he turned up like tonight with the balaclava villian on the back and he's a man with a very very bright future. Kiss from the trainer, hug from Joe McN. Satisfactory night's work here in Belfast. Impressive stuff from the 21-year-old Cuban Hadier Herrera. Let's get confirmation of a stoppage victory from Thomas Triber. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 41 seconds of round number one. Our referee in charge, Mark Bates, steps in to stop the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout and still undefeated, Jadier Henel. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for six rounds and it is a international banttom weight contest brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red and Uni Bet. Timekeeper is Phil Morris and when the bell rings our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Mark L. [Music] Introducing to you first fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing black and gold and weighted officially at 8 stone 6 lb. Coming to us from Fort Arandina. He brings a professional record consisting of five wins, six defeats, one draw with one win coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Gonzalo Elco [Music] Corinaldi and his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing black with orange and weeded officially at eight stone 8 lbs. Undefeated, he has eight wins. Seven of his eight wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, from right here, Liverpool, here is Jack D. Empair Turner. [Music] Okay, boys, you both know the rules. Want you to obey my commands. tell you to break, break clean, defend yourselves all times, boys. Good luck to you both. Mark Lyson takes charge. So, not just tonight here in Liverpool, the story of the increasingly admired Everton Red Triangle. Jack D. Turner who came out the Croxas amateur boxing club with Joe Mali in his corner and a lot of interest and excitement building around his young career at bantamweight. In tonight against Gonzalo Kernaldz from Argentina countless times over the years Richie and Argentina's been brought in to give a prospect some hard rounds. Can you see any deviation to that plan at least tonight? I think he'll be a good opponent when he's never been stopped. So that's going to be a challenge for Jack Turner who has got a terrific knockout record, hasn't he? I mean, eight eight wins and seven knockouts. But here he's in against a tough Argentinian, never been stopped. He's had a few defeats, six in fact, out of the 12 contests that he's had. But he's never been stopped, Paul. So that, you know, that's going to be a tough challenge for Jack Turner. Just got to concentrate, hasn't he? Just let his boxing flow. And uh people are expecting big things of him because he is a big puncher and again letting the shots go because that's not bad when Corinaldi doesn't want to be on those ropes and gets caught there. He's a big kid all around Richie and he weighed eight stone 10 lbs last time I understand. And again in terms of being handpicked in the case of Corinaldi it's almost like he gets given a job four weeks notice and they target right will we be what 86 if we need to be for that. His weight has really gone up and down almost to order over the last few years. Turner unleashes a few. Yeah, good left to the body there from Turner. And he's looking for it again. Coral Daisy then certainly felt it and again he's in a bad position on the ros. The feet come square becomes open downstairs and Turner certainly took advantage there. Conal Daisy gives himself a bit more room or so he hopes. Turner was able to walk him down and set himself to deliver another big barrage. This is impressive work again early from Jack D. Turner. Doesn't waste much time. Gets down to it. And if you give him a bit of a room, Richie, that's all the encouragement he needs. Yeah, absolutely. But I think the job has been made a little bit easier for Turner here cuz Corell Daisy has just been he just let allowed himself to drift onto the ropes and then hold his feet, which is bad position. He's got he's got to keep moving and get through this first round storm if you like from Turner who's really going through Paul impressively. He can't get away out of any of these shots. Corinald grabs on. Tries to breathe in if he can. He was looking at the canvas. Very nearly felt for it. Turner again sensibly just using that jab occasionally just closing that gap down. There's the jab seat. Then he moves in landing the bigger shots. But Corinald Daisy again holds his feet left hand. He's out cold. It's over nice and correctly has called it off immediately. Coronal Daisy slumps to the canvas. The medics are on their way over to him. Somebody needs to tell Jack Turner just to calm it down a little bit. They're now doing exactly that. Well, what a shot that was. The left hand that went in there. It was a very good uh performance from Jack Turner indeed on that front foot right from the word go targeting the body. Coronal Daisy again and again just got caught on the ropes and then that allowed Turner to work that body and he catches him right at the very end. I think it might have been even a lead left up or a left hook. It was a super shot indeed that finished the job off and let's just hope that Corinald Daisy is going to make a full recovery here. But yes, a terrific performance from this fell here. Very impressive indeed. Very explosive. Yeah, that was a good performance indeed for I think uh Jack Deon now realizes that it's not appropriate to be jumping around the ring. However understandable that release of emotion would be. The concern at the moment is for Conal Daisy, but they have lifted him very gently onto his stool. He seems to be responding to the questioning from the medics. [Music] The way he worked the body forth was really really impressive and very often I mean this guy's never been stopped remember and um he looked a tough cookie indeed Corinald DZ but these body shots took their toll on him and probably slowed his feet down a little bit more and then he just held his feet again on the ropes. It's a bad position to be in. Very often a fighter's feet then will come square and then the body becomes much more of a a bigger target to hit. And Jack Turner certainly then did the business with those body shots and then finished him off with a terrific lead left uppercut. We think it was. It's actually hard to see from our point. I couldn't actually see the shot. He was sort of his back was to us, wasn't it? But it was a terrific punch that landed at the end. I think it was really two attacks in one Richie, wasn't it? He went downstairs and then upstairs. Devastating knockout shot. I think people are relaxing in the ring. Connor Aldez is got a little smile. Yeah, he's okay. That's the main thing. The lad's okay. Let's have a look at a look at the finish. There's a body shot. Yeah. So, it's a lead left uppercut that went in there, but Corin Daisy just stays on the ropes. See, well, that wasn't a bad shot himself. if he tries to land an uppercut himself, but gets caught with a lead uppercut from Turner. It's a super shot. Let's have a look at from this angle. There's the right uppercut from Corinald Daisy. And look at that for a shot. A sweeping punch lead left uppercut. What a shot that was from this fell. Yes, very impressive indeed. the latest in an an increasingly long line of very talented fighters now coming out of Liverpool full of belief. They know what they're about. What I'm loving about all these kids, Richie, is the absence of show. It's all about the dough. It's all about doing it the right way. And obviously from the Stevenson school, that's a big part of it. But it seems that with Joe McN and the kids that he's got, it's the same. Yeah. Tremendous. They've both got terrific camps, haven't they? And whatever they're doing, they're doing it right, aren't they? And they're teaching their their boxers good skills, and they're putting the power punches together also. So, very impressive indeed from everyone at the moment from Liverpool. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 47 seconds of round number one. Your winner by way of knockout and still undefeated Jack Daddy Turner. Ladies and gentlemen, we continue with 10 rounds scheduled and it will be for the vacant WBA Intercontinental Lightweight Championship brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red and Uni Bet. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Area Representative Ian Metaf along with the World Boxing Association, President Hilberto Mendoza Jr., Supervisor Dr. Nina Ratcliffe, Timekeeper Chris O'Conor. Our three judges assigned will be Gene Robert Lane of Monaco, Gloria Martinez of the United States, and Bob Williams of England. Our referee in charge will be Steve Gray of England. Introducing to you first fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing blue with white and weighed in officially at 9 stone 8 lb. Coming to us from Leon Nicaragua. He brings a professional record consisting of 31 wins, five defeats, two draws with 20 of his 31 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Olivita [Music] Flores. and his opponent across the ring in this championship contest. Fighting tonight out of the blue corner, he comes to the ring wearing orange and black and weighed in the same as his opponent 9 stone 8 lb. A native of Kamaguay Gooa, he is now fighting out of Dubai, United Arab Emirates and is undefeated with 15 wins. 13 of his 15 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the hardhitting undefeated former WBC International Champion Pierre 1 billiona. [Music] Okay. Tucking referee Steve Gray, a man of many parts in charge all week in Liverpool. A little buzz in the boxing gyms. A lot of whispering and pointing at the weigh-in yesterday. Hadia Herrera is in town. He's created huge interest. Could he be the next big thing from Cuba? And where better than Liverpool to find out? Dick Tiger and Hogan Kid Bassie sent on their way from Liverpool. So the Southpaw grabs the center of the ring, but he's up against like for like stylewise in Oliver Flores. Top class potential out of one corner. Richie a longtime top operator in Flores out of the other. However, indeed you have someone's very experienced in Flores. Um and Herrera, yeah, he's the the new kid on the block, so to speak. Lots of talent, lots of skill, originally from Cuba and will have come through that Cuban system. So, yes, um a lot of skill here in Herrera, but he's in against an experienced man who's lost to three former world champions. So he fought at world level against former world champions and he's experienced. So this is a test for Herrera. Flor's fighting the best as long ago as 2015 when he challenged for the WBA world super featherweight title in Tokyo. One of only two inside the distance defeats. And the other man to beat him inside, Miguel Beckel of Mexico who went on to become a world champion. A very fine career it has been but if a little haphazard over the last two to three years 33 now and the 22year-old Hera he's stepped over every stepping stone so far six wins inside three rounds but this is a good start for me from Flores Richie. Yeah it's not bad at all is it? One of the problems that Flores um has got though um Paul is that left hand of his is very very low. He's probably hoping if if Herrera can get close enough to land his right hook, then that's a shot that he'll have to watch out for here, Flores. And he comes in close. He just drops that that back hand of his that that left hand and um that's a dangerous dangerous thing to do. But nevertheless, it's a fairly decent start from more experienced man Flores. Complete absence of panic certainly from Flores. When a kid starts to build a reputation as quickly as Herrera has done the uh pressure can really come up even before the first bell comes. Not so in the case of Flores. So Hera with due measure for his respect after a little bit of twoing and throwing at the weighin yesterday. Here's been pretty businesslike. What's important in this first round, Paul, is is on Herrera just to establish his jab. You see Flores, the way he's boxing, he's he's he's bobbing and weaving and he's coming at different angles and just making things awkward. He's not a static target. See, see how he dips down here and there. So, what Herrera has got to do, he's just established that jab. There you go. Simple shot. That just measures the distance and then he can set up uh his bigger punches. Snap left was a good scoring shot. Some really good combinations in the last couple of seconds of the round from Hera. Classy work. [Music] I can keep moving left. This left hand's going to come off. But you got to time it better. [Music] Don't be drifting over. Welcome back everybody. Joe McN is in charge in the Harrera corner. Just on the other side of the rope from that position, there's Anthony Kakache at ringside tonight after his latest big victory. Southport Academy, isn't it? Yeah, absolutely. nightmares, the old southpaws. But here we have two, different styles, but um Flores again sort of that bobbing weaving sort of occasionally just throw shots from a crouch position and just makes things awkward. Nerrero has just got to establish his jab and just find his range. You see, that's a better shot there from him. He should be out reaching his man quite comfortably. Richie Herrera is 5'9 to uh 5'7 Flores. Yes. Yes. He's Herrera's got the height to reach, hasn't he? But he's just neglected his jab up to now, but now he's starting to use it a little bit better. Like I said, he's in with an in with an experienced boxer here. He's had one world title fight and he was for two or three world four world champions. Lands a decent shot there. So he's no more than Flores. Also, he does have a little bit of a dig himself. 20 of his 31 victories by stoppage. Maybe Herrera's not fought too many with that kind of ratio. This is fight number 16 for Herrera. He turned pro, having, if I might use the term politely, escaped the amateur scene in Cuba by whatever means turning pro, which most of them don't get the opportunity to do at that age particularly and uh he's 22 now. Largely been campaigning in Dubai. [Applause] Got to get that jab right. It seems a bit of a sloppy jab there from Herrera. And um Flores came back with that left hand. If you look at Flores's feet though, Paul, very flat footed he is. So he prefers he probably prefer Herrera just to stand in front of him. And he won't prefer he won't like the movement of Herrera. Herrera is not for me. He's got to hit and move. Any flatfooted boxer then prefers the opponent to come at them to trade, but the movement then they struggle with because they're too too flatooted. So um that's what Herrera for me has got to do behind that jab. Also use the movement. The thing is men have been especially in the last year Richie his opponents have been coming to him and after two or three rounds he's been dispatching them. Yeah. So that that can become a habit. You you start to expect that the next one will do the same and it's a little bit more ky and canny here from Flores and effective. Yeah. Absolutely. Some decent work with the the lead hand there from Herrera just earlier. And again, look, simple jab. There you go. Just simple boxing that is and measuring the distance and gap with that shot. I know he looks the part Herrera, but not a decent block from Flores again in that round. How you feel? He's making mistakes. Don't step too far. See, you're looking for the left hand [Music] counter. I want to just activity putting the punches together. Don't Don't set a punch rhythm. They'll give him the lottery shot. Okay, welcome back everybody. Haria Herrera not having it all his own way in this fascinating lightweight showdown at the top of the bill. Still some time to go and wouldn't you know it. There is Ronny Rios backstage and very soon it will be Nikki Ball's turn, but they're still celebrating stable mate Andrew Kane after his stellar show here earlier in Liverpool. Great crowd building up. Been a while, long time since a really big Liverpool fight night like this. There's that right up that we spoke about Paul earlier on in this stuff in this third round right at the start of it. Real class about that. Reass Flores looks in all kinds of problems and Steve Gray doesn't give him the chance to beat the count. Herrera gives thanks. He stopped him right at the start of the third round. He exploded out of the corner. He got a bit of a ticking off from Joe Mannelli and in whatever language, whatever terminology that was used, it worked like a charm. Yeah, certainly did. He started the round really well. We spoke about the right chalk earlier in the contest. He landed an absolute cracker at the start of the round and then he followed it up with some good shots. But yes, that talking to from Joe Mali who didn't want him to stand and trade. That's what he said in the corner. Don't stand and trade with him. And so that hit and move what we spoke about also certainly worked and then the right hook at the start of of the round was a cracking shot. It just started things off. Got his range and uh yeah his timing was spot on there. So out of nothing it's taken away from Flores who sits rather disconulately on his stool while the party gets started across the ring. And apparently this kid does know how to party, but they're going to have to put a little check on that for a few years. Yeah, he's enjoying the moment, isn't he? I'll reserve judgment on that. I think I think we might be seeing that again very soon, Richie. Joe Mali has guaranteed quote unquote guaranteed a future world champion. Do you see that in him, Richie? Yeah. Well, you know, he's got certainly got some good skills and was be interested to see how far he can go. There was the right hook that we spoke about. Then he follows up there with that cracking left hand. That really did. And then look at that. That left uppercut downstairs. That was that was into the solar plexus. You can see the pain across his face there by Flores and he couldn't recover. And the referee looked into his eyes. Didn't like what he saw. Let's have a look at the hook. There's the hook there. So that start things off. Then there's the left hand that comes in and watch this body shot that follows up. So there's the right of the left hand there. Then he just takes a step back. comes in right up a cut downstairs into the solar plexus. That really did send him to the [Music] canvas. We say again, only 22 years of age, there's a swagger about him and not just on fight night. Total self-belief. And in the end, Oliver Flores found out all about it after a very smart couple of rounds from him. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time, 30 seconds of round number three. Our referee in charge, Steve Gray, waves off the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated and now the WBA Intercontinental Lightweight Champion, 1 Hill. Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for 10 rounds and it will be for the vacant WBA International Super Flyweight Championship brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy and Uni Bet. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Steward in charge Suzanne Pototts along with the World Boxing Association President Hilberto Mendoza Jr. Supervisor Robert Mack timekeeper Phil Morris. Our three judges assigned will be Michael Alexander of England, Pavel Cardini of Poland, and Jose Roberto Torres of Puerto Rico. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be Steve Gray of England. Introducing to you first fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing red with gold and white and weighed in officially at 8 stone 2 lb. from right here, Liverpool, England. He has a professional record of 23 wins, five defeats, six wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former EBU European Champion and former Commonwealth Super Flyweight Champion, Ryan Far. And his opponent across the ring in this championship contest, fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing blue and white and weighing the same as his opponent, eight stone, two pounds from right here, Liverpool, England. He is undefeated with 10 wins. Nine of those 10 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the hard-hitting, undefeated Jack Elier [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Turner. Okay, fellas, of a call break. I expect you to take a step back. Don't deliberately throw punches to the back of the head and protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck, lads. So, it's time for a Mury side derby. Not at Anfield or Goodison Park, but right here at the M&amp;S Bank Arena. Unbeaten Jack Turner has breezed through the super flyweight division to this point against 37year-old Ryan Farra, who won the European bantamweight title back in 2015 when Turner was only 13 years old. And don't take your eyes off it. Turner's got eight wins in the first round. I mean, you can't beat a derby rich in anything, can you? Indeed. explosive. Um Jack Turner certainly early on in a contest, but he's in against a very experienced man in Ryan Farra who knows what he's doing. And this one interesting youth versus experience. So let's see whether Turner can step up in class, step up against a man who's got a lot more experience than him and still find the power. The first significant shot he lands has Farag staggering a little bit. He just caught him with a shot there. Farra just tentative now on the outside. Probably because of that shot. He probably felt the [Applause] power. When you're in against a big puncher who gets things done early in a contest, it's always best to box with caution. Keep the punches nice and straight. Maintain a gap between yourself and your opponent. No bent arm work at all. just try and be cautious and play safe. Turner's experience. Sorry, big punch really early on. Everybody in the arena knows exactly what Turner's intentions are. And now he's managed to get close to Parag. He's going to try and let the the punches go. 10 fights, 10 wins, nine stoppages. fought seven times last year at Turner, but this is the first time you've seen him since he stopped Pierro Aonte here in Liverpool last December. Survival might be the first port of call for Farag early on and then he can think about what he might do later in the fight. You got to watch the heads there. Nice work there from Farra on the outside. just moving in quickly with a couple of shots, then goes back out to that safety distance again. Good body shot from Turner. Every punch he throws is a hard one. He's got a minute to go to prevent Turner doing his first round special. Oh, that's a good body shot there from Turner. Brag, tough man. He took that well. Lovely right uppercut on the inside there downstairs. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Turner in the white and blue. Farag in the red and gold. Oh, there's another shot that just had him staggering backwards a little bit. Final few seconds of the first and he knows he's got the power to trouble him and he's trapped in that corner and he's trying to get it done here. Turner, he's going to run out of time. But there were a couple of signs there in the first round, Richie, of just how hard he hits. And Farag, if he didn't know before, he knows now. Yes, he got caught early with the shot, did Farag. But towards the end of the round, then Turner started to find his range a little bit more. And yes, Farag knows he's in with a big puncher indeed. [Music] Let's have a look at it here. This is towards the end of the round. There's that shot rather on the inside hook come up a cut if you like. There it is there. That's a belting shot. It really is. And uh Frags in good condition, but he needed to be to take that. This was at the end of the round. Turner really going for it, letting the hands go. Not a lot getting through, but nevertheless, very impressive going forward. Joe McN and Jack Turner's corner. 14 years. the junior of Ryan Farra. What you would say is Farra's now only the third man to make it to the second round with Turner. So that's some kind of achievement anyway, even though there were a couple of worrying moments in the first round for Farag. So let's see what the second round has in store for us. Turner was 8 years old when Farra turned over in 2010. Farag's fought Jason Booth and Ashley Lane back in 2014. He was European champion a year later, but he didn't fight at all between August 2019 and February 2023. And since then, he's won three out of four to set up tonight. Here goes Turner again, looking to let his hands go. What a shot. What a shot. And there's the power of Jack Turner. And Ryan Farad could do nothing about that. One of those short uppercuts caught him flush on the chin. And the moment it landed, it was all over. Incredible there. That change of pace from Turner, the accuracy with the shots, let them go, hit the target, and he just finished him off. And Frag's a tough lad. He really is. But he just couldn't withstand that power. Turner absolutely delighted, but Farra hit clean with those shots. And that's an impressive win cuz this was a step up for Jack Turner and he stepped up and he's knocked his opponent out. That's pretty impressive. Well, the good news is that Ryan Farra is now back on his feet and obviously the worst for wear after that powerful barrage from Jack Turner who's now got 10 stoppages in 11 fights. He's had to go into the second round tonight, but not into the second round by much, I must say. Now, it was sort of a an injection of pace, wasn't it, from Turner? He catches Frag with a with a shot, then he follows up and he finishes him off superbly well. And let's make the point. Farak hasn't been stopped since June of 2016. And it's only the second time he's been stopped in his career. He's always been durable, but he can do nothing about the power of turn. Yeah, it was a, you know, he's a tough kid, isn't he? Took, like I say, that the shot in the earlier round to the body was a belting punch. He took him well. You can see he's in good condition, Bragg, but then he just couldn't take the power. Raw power from Turner. And the way he finished it off, that was impressive. He went through the gears and hit the target. There was one shot, Rich, in the middle of the combination that caught him absolutely flush on the point of the chin. And the moment that happened, it was all over. All over. I think that was the the turning point for the referee to actually jump in. Let's have a look here. So, it's a long left hook and then he just swings away. Look, there's the shot there. Oh, what a belting shot. That's the one. There's a long left hook there that catches him. Then he gets him here. There's a shot coming up that just spins the head back. There it is. There. And the referee then just jumps in. It's an impressive finish. Talk about going through the gears, catching your opponent, and not letting him off the hook. There's a cracking shot there. That's straight left, but the shots across his body. There's another one there. That's the one. Yeah, and that's the one that the referee comes in. Super finish. Well, I tell you what, Richie, people are going to want to watch him because he's got so much power. Super fly. You don't often see destructive punches like that, but he can wipe anybody out with one shot. Local pride as well, remember. And uh yeah, he's got the bragging rights. Pretty impressive. That was Fletch. Okay, Thomas is ready. Let's get the official result. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 41 seconds of round number two. Our referee in charge, Steve Gray, waves off the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated, and now the WBA International Super Flyweight Champion, Jack Elair Turner. Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for 10 rounds and it will be for the WBA Intercontinental Lightweight Championship. Brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy and Uni Bet. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge Suzanne Pototts along with the World Boxing Association President Hilberto Mendoza Jr. Supervisor Robert Mack timekeeper Chris O' Conor. Our three judges assigned will be Pavl Cardini of Poland, Terry O' Conor of England, and Jose Roberto Torres of Puerto Rico. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be John Laam of England. Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing black and silver and weighed in officially at 9 stone 8 lb. Coming to us from Mont Novo Leon Mexico. He brings a professional record consisting of 21 wins, three defeats, two draws, eight wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former WBC Latino champion, Jose Elink Mas. and his opponent across the ring in this championship contest. He is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing silver with black and weighed in the same as his opponent nine stone 8 lb. a native of Kamaguay Kuba. He is now fighting out of Dubai, United Arab Emirates and brings an undefeated record with 16 wins. 14 of those 16 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending WBA Intercontinental Lightweight Champion Hadier 1 billion. Right, lad. You expect from your ball me instructions at all times, but I tell you to break your ball clean. Defend yourselves at all times. Touch loves. So, it's time for the Cuban who's an adopted scouter these days, Yadier Herrera, based here in Liverpool with Joe McN. He's been perfect so far. He's ranked number 14 by the WBA and he's got plenty of power. He's in there with the Mexican Jose Mas. And just one word of warning would be don't take your eyes off him. He's got seven wins inside three rounds. Out of his 16 wins so far, Rich, 14 of them are stoppage victories. He's got a big reputation. He's got a lot of talent and he's really hoping eventually to make a big impression on this very good lightweight division. From what I've seen of him so far, Herrera, in his career, yeah, he's been very impressive indeed. He's got that that Cuban class about him. Very, very skillful, talented, and he can punch this kid. So yeah, there's a lot to like about him. Fletch, but he's in against a pretty tough not himself here, Masias. He's only lost the three contests and they've all been on the road against the the favorite fighter in the opposite corner. So this will be a tough nut to crack, I think, because he's never been stopped himself. Masias, he looks the part, doesn't he? Herrera with those silver trunks and he's got the the feathers around the boots and he came in looking the part as well and he's silky smooth in there and he wants to put on a show although he took a left hand there. A sweeping left from MS. If he carries his head that high then he might well pay the price. Well, that was a great shot indeed. And Mias there just getting close. He knows you got to close that gap down and he landed a good left up. Herrera's sixth fight with Joe McN. He's won the previous five by stoppage, trained in Liverpool, based in Dubai. The majority of his fights have been here have been have been there rather, but he's fighting in Liverpool for the second time tonight. And he took a big right hand there with his back to the ropes as well. MSAS in the early stages happy to stand there and trade with him. Yes, indeed. He's closing that gap down. But I've just seen a couple of shots there that that he's got to concentrate on here. Herrera left uppercut all day long. If you look at Mias coming forward, his feet come very very square. He's so um intent of landing his right hand to get close to his opponent. Then he'll walk onto that shot. So Herrera left uppercut is the shot here for him. And Mas is just trying to close that gap down and look for that left hook on the inside. I think the Herrera chin's okay. It's been tested a couple of times in the opening round. There's another one. Left hand over the top that had the sweat cascading off the Cuban's head. There's nothing subtle about what Matias wants to do. He wants to get his head down, swing punches, and hope to land one that can take Herrera out. There's that uppercut, Richard, that you spoke about just as he came in. He's got that dipping style. So, as you say, he's primed for it. Yeah, but Herrera has just got to use use his jab a little bit better here. Fletch got to work with that punch. measure the distance and gap and then throw that left uppercut as MS comes comes over that front foot. That's what he's got to do here. Herrera, just keep popping that jab out. But some dangerous stuff from the Mexican here. on the same squads as well. So, should be a good fight that. So, out they come for the second. This one's scheduled for 10, the WBA Intercontinental Lightweight title that Herrera is defending. I wonder in this second round if he might just try and keep this fight at range a little bit more. When he lets BS get close to him, then there's real danger. Yeah, exactly. I think that's what will come from the corner. Joe McN certainly knows his stuff. Straight away, Herrera starting to use that jab, keep his distance a little bit more. MSAS very dangerous up close. The Oh, and again, right hand from him. Wings him in. Well, the three best punches in this fight so far have all been detonated onto the chin of Yavier Herrera. You mentioned Joe McN. He's been quite bullish about him. He says he expects him to eventually take over the lightweight division. and he said he's got absolutely everything and he's really excited to be working with him. But if he carries his head as high as he does, the higher he goes up in grade, the more susceptible he's going to be. I mean, the beauty of tonight is MSAS isn't that big a puncher. Well, he's being dragged in as well here, Fletch Herrera, into a toe-to-toe battle. And um MS will certainly fancy his chances up close and it becomes a 50/50 contest now when they're winging away here with the shots. Anything can happen. Heads can clash. If you've got skills, you've got to use them. But Herrera is being dragged in. It's a better combination on the inside from Herrera. As Richie mentions, MSAS has lost all three times he's fought outside of Mexico and he's under pressure here for the first time in the fight and these are starting to get through. John Leam was close by and now it's got all untidy. Even the referee's legs involved in that. Well, that's giving MSAS um time to recover because I'll tell you what, Fletch, he's just been hit with a couple of cracking shots. He's fought fire with fire there, Herrera, but he's the one that scored with the quality punches and he's going for it now. I don't think he's recovered, MS. No, this has been a much better round from Herrera. Just over a minute to go. There's that left hand that's still dangerous from MSAS, but all the heavy stuff at the moment coming from the Cuban. He stopped his last eight opponents, Herrera. So don't be surprised if he gets this gun inside the distance despite those minor scares early on. He's the one with the power in there. Yeah, like I say, he's fought fire with fire, hasn't he, in this round, Herrera? But he's got through with better punches. Hard shots again going in. Yeah, good shot by both of them. And the right hand caught him and again it just snapped his head back and then the uppercut went in and he's struggling to keep him off MSAS now. Herrera looking for the finish. John Leam poised and all of these punches that the Cubans landing at the moment seem to be troubling the Mexican in there. What a good bit of experience there from Mi as the way he went back bobbing and weaving on the retreat to avoid the attack and Herrera just couldn't nail him with a shot. Just missed with a sweeping uppercut there. Herrera, final 10 seconds in the round and MSAS is going to get back to his corner. He continues to unload and he's very flatfooted now, MSAS, but he's still swinging away in all fairness to him. [Music] Let's have a look at some of this then, Richie. It was all action in the second round. Yeah, what a round that was. MS started the round quite well, but all of a sudden it was Herrera that found the target with some heavy punches and it really had MS in in trouble here. Fletch and Herrera just went for it. So he's fighting fire with fire, but he landed with the quality shots. But right towards the end of the round, you see MS come back again. So absolute cracking contest and Herrera landing the better punches in that [Applause] round. Gets him on the ropes. There's a little short right hook went in for Herrera and again and MSAS was in a bit of trouble. I mean what I would say that he took it well miss but he can't get through too many rounds like that can he say so Joe McN doing the talking he's from an esteemed boxing family in Cuba Herrera his granddad Anel Herrera Vera won two Olympic gold medals one in Montreal and one in Moscow and as an amateur he beat the late great American Pernel Whitaker as well it runs in the family doesn't it that's that's quite lofty opposition that granddad was able to beat. Now he's come out swinging again here in the third. Yeah, I was actually looking at his granddad's Olympic record yesterday and he actually beat Russian in Moscow in 1980 in the final. So what a what a feat that is. So yeah, tremendous his granddad double Olympic champion. There weren't many who did that. No, he must have won every second of every round and won it on a split ridge. Would have been tough, wouldn't it? But yeah, that was some win. That was Well, this has been an enthralling fight to watch for two and a bit rounds. I'm a little bit surprised, you know, that Herrera has come out and allowed it to be fought like this because he should be levels above the man that he's in with. Well, I think that was the the message sort of from Joe McN in the corner. He says, "You're an intelligent boxer. Use your boxing skills." That's what he was saying to him. But um he stood and traded here and yes he did land the better quality shots in that last round. But that style of boxing brings the opponent right into it. There you go. Who hasn't probably got the skills of Herrera. Nevertheless, he's dogged and determined and he's landed some big shots of his own. I think fighting like this he's lucky that MSAS isn't a more devastating puncher but that's a really good left hand and that stiffened the legs. It stopped him completely in his tracks from Herrera. The punch didn't travel very far, but boy did he find the target. Short chopping shot, wasn't it, with that left hand. And the left uppercuts have been going in as well from Morrera. Yeah, that's just feeling a little bit here, MSA, I think. But a tough man indeed. Like I said, never been stopped yet. But Herrera really letting the punches go here, planting his feet, going for power. But I think Joe McN would want him to set it up behind that jab first with some quality work. Better punches from him again. But he took one as well in there, Rich, as well. And it just made him take a backward step. Here, he's hard as nails this Mexican. I mean, he's taking some fearsome shots, but he's not moving very far. 40 seconds to go in the third. And he's he's having to show his chin and he's having to show his determination. And Aerrera is landing some sickening blows in there. Yeah, I mean the left hook as well from MS. Tremendous shot. It's always a good punch to throw against the south ball, but sometimes he's not even looking at the target. Heads down and he's whipping it over the top and Herrera is walking onto it. So, it looks as though MSAS is going to get through another round. Yep, there's the bell. Yeah, but listen. And I know you're strong, son, but you're better than this. for right. Welcome back to the M&amp;S Bank Arena as we look at some of the replays and I can report that Joe McN has been furious between rounds. He's read the riot act to Herrera Richie based on the way that he's fighting in there. Yes, he said basically says, you know, you're much better than this box. Those were his I think his exact words. And let me tell you, Richie took quite a few exploitives out of what Joe McN was actually saying between rounds. I mean, Herrera has come out and he's taken a leaf out of Nigel Ben's book in the early days. I'm going to stand here. I hit harder than you and eventually you will go over. Fought fire with fire, hasn't he? But that's just left him open a little bit here and there. And that's why probably Joe McN is not happy with that. He knows he can break the opponent down with his boxing skills that he has with shots like that. So that's why he's not very happy in that corner. He's landed some quality punches though, Fletch in that style of boxing, but he's just brought his opponent right into it. So this is round four scheduled for 10. He's moving a little bit more at the start of this round, Herrera. So maybe the McN has got through between rounds. MS continues to come forward with his head down. I think the issue is if he's going to take over this division, I mean, you got to think about the likes of Shakur Stevenson, Khan Davis, Vasel Lachenko, Javon Davis. I mean, you're not just going to walk through the lightweights, you're going to have to do more than this. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, he's got a lot of skill and talent, Herrera. No question. Punches like that. And see, it's a totally different contest now in boxing in this style, maintaining that gap and moving away from his opponents and bringing him on to shots. I mean, some quality boxing now from Herrera. There'll be a lot of people in here would much prefer them just to stand and trade. But the better boxing skills now. He's listening to his corner and that's a good sign from a boxer. I think we've got a split in the commentary box. You're very much the purist. I was enjoying the terror. Yeah. So, a minute ago in the fourth and this is a different aspect of the Herrera repertoire and this is much more difficult now for MSAS just managed to land that right hand as Herrera was on the move but he's dominated here with slick movement behind the jab. Good work again. Yeah, now the now the art um Fletch is to bring him onto the shot. You see to set the punch up to set the left uppercut up. Most certainly just bring him onto the shot. Frustrating with the jabs. It's much better boxing. There you go from from Herrera. Yeah. Now he's started to showboat a little bit and wave the left hand around. And there are times now where MS looks a little bit novicey with the slick ability of the cub. But I mean, if he decides to box like this, he can win the he can win the fight anyway he wants to. It's a totally different contest, isn't it? and to break the opponent down and bring him on to the heavier shots. Now, that would be the skill and the art of boxing, hitting and not getting hit. And Herrera's boxed very well in this round. It might not been to everyone's cup of tea, but I think he's listened to his corner. So, there's the bell. [Music] They're still fuming. They're still fuming. They're justiculate as you come back to the corner. But don't move too much. I don't want you to tear to the runner. Just don't. You need to just box him. Box. Walk him onto the counter. Then step in with a second attack. [Music] Now listen to me. You're doing it round after round. right? Welcome back to the big night of boxing in Liverpool. Let's have a look at Andrew Kane. There he is. He's getting himself ready. He's up next tonight. British Commonwealth and WBC silver bantamweight titles on the line against Charlie Edwards who's a former world champion at flyweight. Kane very popular here in Liverpool. He's a powerful man and you'll see him next. I'm going to report from the Herrera corner again. Joe McN said, "Listen, don't now become a runner. You've got to get the balance right between standing and training and doing your boxing. So, he's still struggling in there, Herrera, to work out exactly what they want the game plan to be. The coach isn't quite happy. I think he'll be happier in that in that last round, but he doesn't want him, like he said, turn him into a runner, get the balance right, to occasionally stand, throw the shots, then move off, wait for the opponent to come over the front foot again, and just repeat the the process. and he's got the quality and variation in his punches. Lead left upper right uppercut there. You know, that's a hard shot to try and land. So, he's got a lot of skill. There's the shot for me. That left uppercut is the one that I think will do the business for Herrera. I mentioned the fact that he's stopped his last eight Herrera and he's got seven stoppages inside three rounds. I think one of the things they were hoping for tonight is that they find a fighter that can take him a few rounds and give him some work in there. So certainly from that perspective, Jose MSAS is ticking that box because he's still there and he's still asking questions here of Herrera halfway through round five. Yeah, definitely great opponent. Lovely right hand lead there from Herrera. Just cuffed Herrera around the the cheek there with the left hand. MSAS. It's the movement that bamboozles him. He can't deal with the speed of Herrera's feet. He's happy to stand there and have a slugfest because he doesn't want to go backwards. MSAS, the shot he's got to watch out for, Fletch Herrera, is the is the left hook. He's been caught with it time and again. Occasionally when he's moving away now, he's then getting caught with that shot because his lead hands a little bit too low and he's just taking his eye off the the ball slightly as he's moving away from MSAS. But that's quality that is there. Yeah. Standing there with his back to the ropes then picking off the the Mexican as he comes in with really short accurate punches. Herrera just got to be a little bit more switched on when he's moving away. Herrera sometimes he's got that little bit of a laziness in his style where his hands a little bit too low as he's moving away. He's still in punching range. You're in against a tough guy who's trying to get up close. So that's what you got to be aware of. Any concerns for you, Richie, with how high his chin is, how he carries his head. He's got he seems to have ultimate belief in his reflexes to to slip the punches, but that's not always been the case tonight. I think his skill he's got great skills, but yeah, this is this is a tough contest and he'll learn from this Fletch. You know, this MSAS is probably pushing him harder than any other opponent. And it's not a perfect display for him because he'd been caught time and again with the left hook. Well, let's bring in Anthony Crawler who's with us tonight. Former world champion. I It's fascinating this one. I mean, he doesn't know which way to go about it. Stand and trade, get up and move. He's great to watch. Thanks Anthony. So Antony's given the last four to Herrera. He gave the first one to MS who did land some solid shots in that round. I agree with that. I mean he's great to watch. I mean he Even when he's dancing around, you don't know what's going to happen next. No, it's very true. It starts this round with a nice short right hand. Round six, second half of the fight. We saw the gold standard in this division in Riad, didn't we, a few weeks back when we saw Shakur Stevenson in there against Josh Padley. Yeah, you see the hand speed of a rera tonight. But then you look at the how quick Stevenson's hands are and they're the levels that people like him have to get to. That's what he aspires to be. And of course, there's Andy Cruz in this division as well. He's a very talented for me. He's one of the most exciting prospects out there. He's 5-0, isn't he? And Andy Cruz, Olympic champion in 2020, and he's flying as a pro and he's in this division as well. So Herrera might not be the best Cuban in the division. Oh, well, they're enjoying this again now. The crowd He's still game, isn't he? MSAS. Yeah, still got that left hook that he can throw. Well, Herrera has decided to stand in trade a little bit more here. Just hold his feet. And that's brought Mercus into it again. There's that left hook that misses. But he's landed again with a couple of good shots with the left hand. Look at there's the guard, the lead hand of Herrera. Just too low when he's in punching range. Fletch, but you're starting to sound like Joe McN cuz I'm watching him in the corner and it's difficult for a trainer to read the riot act while the riot round's on when he sees him get too carried away and stand too close. He's trying to do exactly that. Minute to go in the six. Certainly can't take your eyes off him. took a good one on the way in there. You see the spray off the face. See, he's failing to use his jab and to measure the distance and the gap. That's what he's got to do like you're doing there. And then you just adjust your feet and wait for the opponent then comes forward. Once you stop using that jab, the opponent's closer than what you think and get and catches him with the right hand. Plain and simple. Good left hand from Herrera, but his game is anything. MS hard as nails. He's a little bit of a cut on MSA's eye. He's just rubbed his left eye. Fletch have a little nick. Only a few seconds until his corner. Can have a look at it. There's a right hand and he's showboating here. Herrera right in front of our commentary position. You can almost feel those shots going in. He remains elusive enough though, MS to get himself out of there. And there is damage around the eye. Richie, that's a good spot. Yeah. There it is. And the buds really started to flow as well. Is that one on the island as well? Yeah. Looks a nasty cut. I want you to back him up with him down. I want you to make a miss. Now look at the action here. Yeah, a little bit of a head clash there. I'm thinking that's where the um the cut has come from. [Music] Is that where the the cutters come from? Fletch, you think? Round seven. So, round seven. What a tactics Herrera going to adopt in this round. Well, you heard Joe McN in that corner. A little bit frustrated. So, I want you to back him up with the jab cuz like we spoke about earlier, he knows when he's using the jab, that's when he's measuring the distance and he can set up his work. So, Joe Mcnal is seeing what we're seeing. Like I say, the jab is the key to it to set up the attacks and to make sure there's that just that gap that he can work in then and then bring MS onto the shot through that space basically keeps pouring at the eye now. The Mexican, it's bleeding again already. Took a right hand in there as well from Herrera. And John Leam, the referee, has indicated to both corners that the cut was caused by a punch, not by a clash of heads. Well, that's just been confirmed for us. He's aiming for that side of MSAS's head now. Herrera looks a little bit more dispirited in this round than Mexico does. Whether he's feeling the pace a little bit now, MSAS, certainly he's still dangerous. I think Herrera, you know, senses something here. That's why he keeps coming forward now. Herrera wants to get to his man, but he's got to watch what he's doing. Mercas is still dangerous. He just wants to take a look at the eye here, John Leam. He's just called for the doctor. [Music] [Applause] So, we'll see whether the doctor thinks that Jose MS can carry on here. They're just asking whether there's any blood actually coming from the ear of MSAS. That's what they're taking a look at. His ear rather than his eye. Yeah. Well, that's good. That's good spot in the referee. That is if the blood's coming from the ear, there could be an injury that they can't see. Yes. So that was good refereeing there. So the doctor's had a look and he's satisfied. So maybe the blood from the eye has made its way towards the the ear. So he's okay for now, but Herrera quickly back out on the front foot again. As you say, Richie, that's really good refereeing by John Leam just to check it. Yeah, just to check it most certainly. But MS, you can see um still dangerous, but the way his movement's going back, probably feeling the pace a little bit. And I think Herrera notices that, but he's still got to watch what he's doing Herrera as he's coming forward. And again, there is blood from that ear, you know. Yeah. Continues to hack away Herrera trying to chop down an oak tree. This is when he's got to compose himself now. Oh, he's just wobbling. Just wobbling now. starting to take its toll and Todd Lean steps in and stops it. And I think it was in the back of the referee's mind the moment he called the doctor that he wasn't going to allow this to go on much longer. And when he saw the pressure starting to tell and those punishes begin to land, I think he's done the sensible thing and stepped in. Yeah, I agree with you. I think that's good refereeing to be quite honest. It's not been a great performance from this fella, but he's got the job done against a tough tough guy. I think he's enjoyed it, Rich. Yeah, but yeah, I think the referee um has jumped in. I'm not going to complain with that cuz I think maybe the blood in the was still an issue on the referee's mind and he was under a little bit of pressure there and uh I'm not going to complain about the referee jumping in there. Absolutely not. And in a situation like this, it's always better to be safe than sorry. So, it's another stoppage win for Yadier Herrera who moves on to 17 and0. 15 of those wins via stoppage. But he did get some round rounds under his belt tonight. And that's what his team wanted. They wanted to see him asked a few questions by a more stubborn opponent. And in fairness to Jose MSAS, he gave a great account of himself in there. Well, yeah. I mean, in his last six contests, he hasn't been past four rounds, so he probably needed um some rounds tonight. And he certainly got them against a real tough guy, you know, and Joe Mali, they'll go back to the gym. He won't be that pleased with this performance. You heard it in the corner. He wasn't happy at all. He knows his box is a better man than this. But nevertheless, he's got the job done and you know, he's got the win. Are we seeing the next Cuban superstar or are we seeing the next great Cuban entertainer? That's the question. Well, listen, I think he's definitely talented. He's got the skills and he he could go a long way in this game. But he certainly got to tighten up here and there because he was exposed tonight against a rugged sort of opponent that caught him especially with the left hook. Joe McN won't be you know pleased with that overall but nevertheless he's got the win and he'll go marching on but he is talented Fletch. Yes he is and I also think that people will enjoy watching him. He's very entertaining whichever way he chooses to box. maybe didn't get the tactics right tonight, but he's got the win and that's what matters. And he's got the win inside the distance as well. And that can be confirmed for everybody by Thomas Triber. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 31 seconds of round number seven. Our referee in charge, John Laam, stops the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated and still WBA Intercontinental Lightweight Champion 1 billiona. So, Yar Herrera wins the contest. It's another stoppage win. And Becky, I think it's fair to say nobody inside this arena enjoyed the win more than he did. stream 89.