Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Heat. Heat. from Brisbane, Australia. He brings an undefeated record with 12 wins. Seven of his 12 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the highly ranked, undefeated former Australian champion world heavyweight champion. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Amazing anticipation here. Super showdown live of the zone in the fighting nightmare and the rain of [Applause] road had their troubles at elite level this last season. How hard a clash will this be for their beloved Fabio Wley? Wonderful turn out of support but a very good man in front of him. Justice Hood stand out amateur professional. Here we go. in the lion's den is not lost in 197 he commits to the show he really does and not holding back already in this opening round is important for to stay switched on stay disciplined don't get carried away don't waste anything move stay out of trouble whether an early storm Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. What he has to do if he misses the war is to drag in that into that deep water as quick as you can but he's been there before maybe hasn't that classic first encounter last year with Fraser Clark one of the best British fights in recent times and dramatic rematch. Heat. Heat. But this will get these guys closer. So important here. He can't afford to take any shot on top of the head. Work from Justice J. That combination head to body. He's really should that close control here. Keeping that right hand very active in reactive mode. can be clever here and get into a rhythm, Darren. This will be much more in his favor. Yeah, and the feet very important. And we just see there how quickly he's glide gliding out of range there to avoid that over hand. They're going to be so important. I feel like his feet quicken up as well since the fight is so important in this contest. Heat. Heat. Right. Slow start going back. Unbelievable. Here we go. What do you think? He's slow, but was a good opening round for Justice Hood, but right at the end, he was hurt. Yeah, with the right hand, you see a short shot and you see the legs just stagger of Hoodie. He was hurt a few times by Kevin. One, two question marks about the Hoody Chin. But into the second round, he's unbeaten in 12. The [Applause] Australian with 18 wins in his 19 fights is that one draw with Fraser Clark. He's done so well for me. Can he get rid of Justice Hood tonight when he was preparing for big baby Miller? Totally different style. Yeah, it is. It is. I think the way he fights I don't know it doesn't matter who's he's up against at the end of the day it's going to be him dragging you into his wall in the fighting that right hand that's in the second round and maybe that might just the other Jack from Wley again to the body. He's doing the right thing where he's position in the ring. He's not getting backed up. He's allowing space behind him so he can use those quick feet to fly out of range by left from the Australian. Decent speed from Justice. Not so much the speed as well. I think he's punching the chest with the jab so he could throw that left over the top. Just dropping the hands off the wall. But he's got quick hands and he moves well with it's the education he's had from a very young boy in the gyms and around the amateur tournaments in the world that didn't [Music] [Applause] have incredible but technically Fraser Clark in that first fight had got him in trouble a few times he was open there are gaps So I tell you what though in that first fight he learned so much you know he realized that he had lots of attributes that you can't talk you can't can't be you can't fight you know desirable to win it right in the rematchable power very very nasty knockout good to see Fraser back with a big win the other day as well just left hand very quickly. That's the difference between most hits as well that left hand. He invites a hand. He doesn't seem worried about the warming power here. Like I say, he's doing the right thing. He's showing, you know, well, he's trying to show Fabio no respect at all. Obviously he will be the way he's so quick and forward moving his head nicely which is so many. Yeah. If there's a big hard Nice. SP [Applause] big on the show [Applause] tonight. That would be great for exceeded all expectations of him when he turned professional a few years ago. Now eding towards a world champion who's going to deal with this very very combination in the third round and he takes it a heavy sorry Barry a heavy lift up to the chest of he some he comes back with a big shot he get a lot of trouble You got to be careful with that right hand. The left hand just so far is very confident but made a rare mistake. He had of course natural now under the Queensbury banner. Justice Hood is his guy an underdog going in but I think round by round he'll be believing in himself here. Yeah, he will for sure. And look, I don't think he'll mind that he was facing a big puncher fab. And the reason I say that being a natural boxer, which he is, he's an aggressive forward fighter. But to get that style into play, when you find a big puncher, you get to face, you get to load up so they tense up and they start telegraphing the shot. Then you can beautiful left. Wonderful work here from Justice Healey in the third round and the crowd have gone quiet. Frank Warren's bellowing out instructions at ringside. Just a bit of a nervous look on the Queensbury promotional faces at the other side of the ring as Justice Hood has [Applause] gi Yeah. Heat. action. He needs to try and sustain his last 10 seconds though. What a round approaching 3 minutes. And we love it. And there's more. If we can take it off the tire, it's back. One of the most powerful fighters in the world's coming up against So far mistake here for he leans over there with his hands low and then leans into that left hook but he quite well and then when he had on the ropes look like under pressure also the explosion though combination here Wy has him under pressure but right at the end of the round he took a shot and he walked back to the corner and steady on his legs there Fabio Waldy right hand from Wley oh terrific start to the four and he's going through it's bless here is brilliant that last round actually but I think for two at this stage but it's already going to be a great fight only knows one way a fight he can't he's not a boxer he's a brute and he's trying to take you And that's what it looks like he's trying to do. But he's in against a serious opponent here. Someone who knows what he's doing and just not allowing him to be. That's where he wants to be the aggressor. He's not allowing him. That's what's making it really interesting here. Young trying to back him up. Takes center ring just [Applause] as straight to work. Real confidence running through the veins of the Australian who is he just defensively open but then he fires back. He's punching up and down there and he did it just a second ago. He jabbed it to the chest again and threw a right hand over the top and he's up against the ropes there just changing the levels of the shots and that's something that Wley's not quite used to. Heavyweight action live on the zone. It's another fabulous one and this is speed and pedigree shining through at the minute. Classy shot selection with so much pace on the shot from Honey and that pedigree operating at such a high level in the amateurs and we're seeing it here. Yeah, good defense from Justice Honey right on his feet and he's boxing really well here. He's coming to take his chance. He's really going for it. Justice burns back. He might need the crowd here. And they've gone quiet again. I tell you what, he's sorry. He cleverly stayed low there, Honey. And he just sort of like made a real small target, but really close to Wley and he just couldn't let his punches go Wy like he normally would. [Applause] go as he's throwing in shots to the body. fire the right hand over the top. Who needs landing more here? And for me, he's winning this fight. But there's a long way to go. The war looks he looks a bit tired, doesn't he? Worthy then, doesn't he? Always, and that's when I'll get to see it again. And he sometimes does his best work. Honey boxes clever here. Quick defeat there. Blood from the nose of Justice Hulu, who's going to be so switched on, so far so good for this Australian challenge. Trying to press harder now. more step. W anytime soon in the next few days, but he's got business to take care of here at his beloved switch town in the blue and white and the long white socks. The big man from X switch in with the Australian Justice Hood. Both undefeated and Hood giving a great account of himself already having some success. That chopping shot at the end of the first seem to trouble Hood. But I like the way Hood is shaping up here. Well, that's better than Wally. He got the stalker. He really has he is a guy which he's not used to with fast feet and fast not just fast hands, fast feet. I think the footwork is confusing Wally, but he's better when he's the stalker. He's not working for him at the minute. He's done 10 more than Wley is the one with a big punching power in this contest. Tries the uppercut Wley. It's almost like every fight he's learning more Fabio Wardley because of the lack of amateur experience. Four white qualified. It's extraordinary and remarkable as Barry said in the build up here on the ring wall. He he's sold this. He's created this wide qualifier. Yeah, learning on the job still. But this is really good work from Justice working the body roll the variation on the speed and then there's the fence afterwards. Really well disguised there from show intelligence here at the minute. They exchange body shots for more from Eddie H was saying before they've just got the better fighter and they might do Wardley with work to do. You just you know at any second of any round or for every round rather Wardley's dangerous he can switch your lights off in a split second. He's got that in his locker. He knows it and he tries it right and there keeping close when he needs to and going back to work for justice. He's really sinking in the body shots at him. Really turning the the hips and the waist into the shot and at the distance because he need to punch it. He's getting at first even with the hooks and the straight punches, but he's more compact. So, he got to get it longer here, Wally, and wing the punches in like he only knows how to. Justice 46 already giving the performance of his life. A long way from home at 5 weeks notice. Fabio Wley trying to chip away at the body, but Honey at the moment knows more. ground. That's it. Back now short. It's only the mid ranger has got any sort of chance. This is building smart with the words there. I forgot from around to justice Huda. Yeah, boxing nicely. He really is. As they said in the corner, they working nicely. shot inside right up the left foot of class. It's not been a slow start from Fabio Wardley. He's had success, but Justice Hood has been right on it. Well, he was praising on Wallally drag into his his fight. Certainly, I was hur his tempo and he's pushing Wally back. So, Walle has to be he has to be offensive. That's the only way he knows how to be effective. Jun can win the fight is being effective and punching long. His mid short range is all in in Honey's favor. I know the first round was close on your card. How you seeing it now? I have honey 32 up now. Um he's boxing really well here at the minute and and I get the impression that Fab's feeling a little bit sorry for himself. He keeps leaning down to try to avoid shots, but Fab's lean to his own right side with a low right hand and walking into the left. He keeps doing it. He hasn't changed it yet. And maybe that's the inexperience. But I think part very very well deser though the the general feel was that if was to win this he may do it coming from behind. I would say D but we thought from Hood there we we thought that Hood would be just in the gut. I'm not quite sure he is. I don't think he is. I think he's boxing beautifully here. Justice Hood Mario needs success just to derail. Trying to get that confidence seeping out of Hood reminded where he is at switch in his territory. But Hood light on his feet and boxing so well. [Applause] That jab to the body with a right hand upstairs look tired, doesn't he? Just sort of leaning on there. And again, just the reflexes of Hoon. And I think B's noticed that. That's why he's a little bit tended to let his hands go cuz he knows, like we said at the start of the fight, if he makes a mistake, Honey will jump on him. And I think he's felt that a few times. He's not just not letting his hands go as freely and as wildly as he quite would. His rawness was a sort of a super wasn't it really his unconventional approach helped him and at the minute it's not quite there I tell you what he really has learned bundles from that arena fight he's come on so much he really has the speed of foot that the reactions are a lot sharper there's a big smile on the face of Eddie Hearn and Frank Warren looks worried because they know boxing And just as football needs something to detonate on and storm the rhythm has gone into here. Coming up. Wow. What a performance so far. [Applause] He's got the United. Yeah, he has. He's dictating the pace. He really is. And I think it's getting that distance forward just jumping in the combinations using that. It's all about the feet for me. with his fast hands. The way he exposing with his feet, he crosses. This is really quick. And again with that right hand, he's done it three times in three different parts of the bike so far. Ching low to the chest with throwing that right hand over the top. And he's forward with it every time. Eddie her enjoying the show, being very animated. You can see him ringing side there really rally in and getting behind his charge. Eddie reminding us all what happened when baby Miller pulled out of the Joshua fight. And Roy came in at 5 weeks notice and beat his man and this is what he feels is going to happen tonight. Maybe out justice taking the chance. Hats off to both of them for making this match cuz it's a really good one. But Hoodi is the one in control. Yeah, boxing nicely, staying switched on, composed, dominating again from the center of the ring. Good defensive skills obviously offensively on point. Lovely jab there. Working the body. I tell you what, the wall is pushing. He's not throwing his punches well. He's pushing his punches out. It's not the same not the same acceleration in his work. I think a gunshield out a momentary respite. It's Frank Warren talking to Fabio Wardley. throw that right hand. He needs something to happen, doesn't he? Yeah, he does. He needs a roll of dice. He needs to let the shots go. Commit to the shots. We've been speaking about it since this fight was announced. Really, really needs to do that now. He needs to find something. He's fabio just has to hold on just as Hoody a minute and a half into the seventh. Just walked onto a jab there, didn't he? Yeah. And a mark under the left eye. It's just a case of Hood knowing more. But the way he's delivering it with the confidence tonight, almost a swagger in the Hoodie work and also we have we have questions on Hood's chin. But answering the question, but I don't think he's landing a real solid shot on the chin. Lovely. Beautiful work again from Justice Honey. The speed, the speed, you just can't see the coming back. And also, you're talking that back on the double jab push the distance, but he's not used to doing that. [Applause] just beginning to get into some trouble here. 20 seconds left in the seven. Yeah, he looks jaded. He looks hard. And this is menacing the way he's just creeping forward. Such confidence. dominating here, isn't he? That's the absolutely. He's been brilliant. Just as Hood Fley showing a good chin as always, but he's just chipping away tonight. He's He is this is someone who's dedicated their whole life to boxing and you're starting to see that skill shine through now. They rugby league when he was a kid turned to boxing at about the age of eight. He's 26 now. Justice Hoodie 18 years in the sport family awardies. Maybe that's the difference. The pedigree and the amateur experience but as a pro he's showing us his best ever performance. This is heavyweight boxing so no one's no one's ever out of the woods until the last body shots. He's got seven knockouts in his 12 winsley swinging from the head, but not with the same conviction. This is the first time I've ever seen Wardley not with conviction and and he's done that with the feet with the footwork. I'm convinced with it. Yeah, cuz every time he's missed Wley, he's been made to pay every single time. And that sort of prevents you from really committing to the shot. Yeah, exactly. We've had upsets all recently live on the zone in the main events. Echo turning over Josh Taylor, Dave Allen, Pety, Johnny Fisher. Will Justice Hoodie come into switch and take care of Fabio Wardley, but this is what we love to see fights. We don't know which way they're going to swing. Yeah. I tell you what, you wouldn't take a fight though unless you're the underdog there from Disney again. Just chopped down with that short short right hand. And I think he's exhausted here as well. The unusually puts puts him in a know a dangerous move, but I think here right now he's pushing the punches out. He's not punching with authority, not not committing like he usually does. I think a real stiff jab to the body by a right hand upstairs to close this show for you know just holding on here a wardly how much is in the tank he trained so hard he wanted this night so badly and he'll do everything in his power to try and find something but just as Honey has gone into his groove here good defense quick toward me in the game. And just that judgment of distance that you learn over time as well, that that sort of thing from an amateur background, it's showing here tonight and right punches in there, Justin. And you're saying he's enjoying it. I think he's absolutely loving it in there. He disguises every every big attack and effective attack he has, he disguises before he throws it. And that's I think that's really what's confusing Fabio Wally here. Spencer Brown and Eddie Hearn are flanking Frank Warren who sat in the middle and the two boys either side of him are clapping their man because Justin is moving closer to a big win for the WBA interim title. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. again. Another real darn solid round with his work making him that's making tentative dodging the fight of his life here and it's fight number 13. It's not unlucky at the moment for Tim Hood protecting his unbeaten record and uh putting a statement out maybe to the other heavyweights but he's one to really watch out for. Let's bring Kyle back in. How you seeing things now surely is forging ahead. Yeah, well in front there's the scorecard 7874. It's hard to even see or land something big. It's hard to see him even winning around this fight becoming very very easy for Justin Honey and a lot of it's down to the experience and everything else but far man. We're not seeing the same kind of commitment to shot from Fabio but without without doing Fabio a disservice that's that's justice. That's his amateur experience and the pedigree and then the years of training and knowing how to fight properly. Um but he's in control here and really really enjoying himself. He is indeed justice go. But do you think Fabio might have been just a little bit deterred by he was preparing as he tries to rip in another different styles? I'm not sure cuz he approaches all the fights the same, you know, try and donate the big shots and pose the show in dramatic fashion. I just think it's the class of Honey that is completely frustrated Fabio Wardley and stops him from committing and landing. Well, not even landing throwing the heavy shots and the the kind of fear of getting countered with something classy. Yeah. All he's done by the the movement and the and the shot selection and making and again when when he's made the mistake he's made in T that makes you think more than you used to. With that you get tired and you get ted and you don't commit to your shots and that's what's happened here. That's all. I mean but it doesn't matter what look here. Look at the crowds. Come on. Come on. Oh, it's fantastic. It's an amazing tale. And it's brilliant that switch have come out. 20,000 here for a former white collar boxer who's done wonderful things. He's a great guy, Fabio Wardley out of the ring tonight. At the moment, he's struggling. And he's struggling against a guy who's got that pedigree, got that quality. He's just been boxing for longer and he's outclassing him. Yeah, he's just going through the gears ever so slightly picking the shots ahead and body just getting the first and last say of the arguments. Frustration there from with the shoulder sh this fantastic. I'll tell you what, Barry, when it came to the press conference and Darren and I were here, he was so confident. He was like, "No problems. Doesn't matter where it is. It's a ring and I'll show him I'm better." And he is, but it's not over. It's heavyweight boxing and you never know. [Music] Start slow and then you got that. But we got to keep building. He's tighter than you. Remember that you motor out. Let's go from here on. It's all about how much you can handle. Now your smart skill. This is where your skills come into play. You're getting off the center line. You're hitting three punches. Then you're hitting power. Right. Now you stand there. I mean he's more of the he doesn't even look like he's breathing in that corner I must say but again work good variation sharp shots to the body really frustrating and annoying Fabio Ward but the corner keeping him on his [Music] toes stay on in stay on him it's good that is yeah very good except they didn't win the gum shield as much terrible cornering terrible terrible for good and famili out of that blue corner, the itswitch home corner. And Frank Warren was in there just to talk to him. He's got 9 minutes to find something from somewhere. And remember, he's got 17 knockouts on the record, so don't write him off just yet. He's losing this and he's losing it. And look, you can understand why Frank Warren's in the corner there. This could be a massive missed opportunity for Oh, look at the people that's turned out. You put on a good display here. You get the win. This only grows. But I tell you what, he has the power though. It doesn't look likely the way he's boxed so far. He's just come out against a good fighter. That's all that's happened. But if he lands with a shot, the adrenaline rush get and the onslaught that he'll throw, he can finish the fight. He did land with a shot at the end of the first round, but since then he's not against the feet. He's just trying to throw a big left hook there, but he's just gliding out of range so easily and he's straight back to the center of the ring. That is so [Applause] frustrating. Moses, the young heavyweight air apparent possibly watching on from ringside. So many hovering around waiting for a shot. Usyk and Devoir meet Joseph Parker. Magic car. There's all sorts of heavy Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. What has just happened there? That that was remarkable opportunity. Now this rose around these star is unbelievable. He's getting lost. That's why we love the zone. Another familia war. He finds the right hand to knock out Justice Hood in spectacular fashion. Look at that. He squares his feet. The first time he made a mistake. The first time he makes a mistake and he hits the paper, the one thing that he didn't need to do was trade with Fabio Warley. He does that and he gets caught with an absolute right. Look at this shot right off the bat. Boy, did he do that. Just as he knocked out loses for the first time in his life after putting on the best performance of his life. An absolutely astonishing sport. A night like no other. And Frank Warren, he just can't believe it. Neither can we and neither can Fabio. mental. Absolutely mental this business. Incredible. I can't believe what I've just witnessed there. Familia Wley takes the WBA interim belt. The WBA title as well as the WBC, IBF, and WBO will be on the line. July the 19th. It is the rematch. Usyk Dubois. Wembley Stadium awaits. Will we get something as dramatic as we've just seen? Unbelievable what the heavyweights can give us. Furio Wley somehow makes his homecoming come true with the punch of his [Applause] life. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 42 seconds of round number 10. Our referee in charge, John Leam, reaches the count of 10. Therefore, your winner by way of knockout, still undefeated. And now the WBA interim heavyweight champion of the world, [Applause]