Kind: captions Language: en He is Dublin born and Dublin bred. Cut him in half. You won't see red. You will see white, orange, and green. Pierce Big Bang Ori. How are you, sir? &gt;&gt; I'm good, D. I'm good. &gt;&gt; Did I get that right? This You haven't got red blood, have you? It's all like Irish colors. &gt;&gt; It's green. Look at my blood. Green liquid. &gt;&gt; Green liquid. Um, this is this is everything, right? This is a big moment, mate. Like, we've been speaking for the last five, six years. every time. I I'm almost bored of you talking about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now it's Now it's happened, Pierce. It's finally happening. The homecoming. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I've been bored about it so many so much now. People are asking me when you're boxing, when is the homecoming, when is this, when is that? And it just it's been frustrating for me because of no full answer for them. So Frank made a promise within me, shook me hand, and here we are. How much pressure is going to be on you to put on a performance? There's always pressure, right? This is different though. The people that you'll be walking past, you'll know pretty much all of them, right? And they are Irish and there's this whole homecoming feel. This will be different, right? Definitely. First foremost, I just take emotions out of it. I just feel emotional. I don't feel it's nothing. Just another job. It's it was a big thing probably the last week when I got announced for the first 36 hours I was buzzing but after that then I was like it is what it is it's time to work you know that that's interesting because you yeah you have that super super kind of mindset you're very much a mindset guy old school mentality Nick B similar kind of thing he had his homecoming in Liverpool I remember speaking to him about it he he didn't have any problems going in didn't have any feel any addition pressure, but then afterwards when he reflected on it, he said, "Yeah, it was it was different. It's just a bit crazier in there." &gt;&gt; Yeah, you have your own. You could be looking out. You could be in a hold and looking out at your corner to see what instructions he's going to give you. You could see your next door neighbor sitting beside your coach nearly ringside. So things like that is a bit different. Um I know for a fact once I'm in that dressing room and I know right I'm on home side here. This is my back garden. This is where I've always dreamed about being. Where I've always ran as a kid running by visualization, getting the feeling of it. I know for a fact you just be saying, "Who's this kid? This wasn't the person that we've seen before." And I I truly believe it. &gt;&gt; So, you don't feel we've really seen anything yet of Big Bang? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Wow. That means there I mean you've done pretty well so far considering we've not seen anything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I just believe moment in time now the right everything everything we're basing Liverpool coach um right coach right transition coach right team around me right setup it just suits me to a tea suit me perfect I've never been any happier. So where this started this kind of venture towards fighting getting your homecoming, you left Ireland initially with £1,000 in your pocket and came over to the UK to chase a dream. &gt;&gt; And nights like this, I guess that's where it starts making sense, starts making it worthwhile, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. If I never took that step, we wouldn't have never be here. we wouldn't be in this position because I met a man over there by the name of Al Smith who was me coach in the Ibox gym alongside Sam No, Henry Turner and so many more other great players and I grew up a part of the gym and he created so many doors, opened so many doors, create so many opportunities for me and then I drift off then and then basically live uphill um 20 minutes on a flight from home which is not too bad. Signed by Frank Warden. Frank promised me the homecoming and here we are now. But those initial moments in the UK, I remember hearing you talk about this and it sounds like someone's absolute nightmare. I'm talking about mattresses on floors. I'm talking about damp. I'm talking about you. I mean, you tell me. These sound like terrible kind of living conditions to be in whilst chasing your dream, but I guess you you saw it as the sacrifice you needed to make. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I went over there with a,000 quid in my pocket. I think I spent £60 from Gatwick to Brmley. Stayed in thestead above a pub. I had no idea where I was staying and it was horrendous. Damp right through the whole walls. Staying in a dirty mattress. Um I went to Primarks, got clean sheets, put them away. still living on the ground. Had a telly, cheap L telly. Um, and that was it. That was that was luxury to me where I had what I needed there. And then I I was focused. I worked hard. Um, got signed by Frank and then that's where we went. Then we went on from there and just more opportunities open up for me. &gt;&gt; How did you maintain a kind of that that dream? How did you maintain your motivation for that dream when you were Yeah, you were quite up against it there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was I was I was I was going against the grain was going &gt;&gt; 20 years old, was it? &gt;&gt; 20 years old. Me, Mrs. only had a had our first baby um Jordan Cove and at that time we couldn't fly back. So I was flying back at the go through Belfast the UK and then there was one time I left when she was only three years three weeks old. I didn't go back when she was four months old because of the fight being postponed, postponed, postponed and I had to stay in camp and had to stay ready because the date will come up upon you um within weeks within days saying you're fighting at the end of the week and blah blah blah. This is the fight that we got. So I hadn't got the luxury of going home and saying ah leave it or wait till co is over. I needed to feed a family and that's what I needed to do. &gt;&gt; The sacrifice has been uh it's been a lot. Yeah, it's been a lot. Um, as I said before, if I maybe debut at the tree arena, coming back now or fighting it again just wouldn't be as sweet. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is sweet. I can I can see it. &gt;&gt; This is like 20 teaspoons of sugar in a cup of tea. This what this is like. This is quite nice. This and the people around it and the the vibe and everything everything that goes with it. Everyone's buzzing. So &gt;&gt; Mark Chamberlain is the man who will be uh looking to turn your dream into a nightmare on March 14th. Very very good fighter. Not so long ago he was he was being talked about as you know his excellency's favorite fighter. Clearly a very very good fighter. Big challenge for you, right? Yeah. Massive challenge. Massive big challenge. Um I know I can chew it. That's the thing. um when I can chew well and I'm looking forward and I know for a fact that once I'm in underneath those lights, forget about the fans, forgets about the crowd and when it's me and him in there and I'm calm, relaxed and exceed every opportunity make a miss. I'm just going to break his countenance. You've said this before that you you can see your opponent sort of wilting in front of you and sometimes you even you even hear them wse. What What is What is that feeling like? How quickly do you see that in fights? &gt;&gt; Um, depends how much how much bait you giving him, but I know for a fact I come fighting I will see that. &gt;&gt; That's for sure. &gt;&gt; So, you intend on giving him a bit of a &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. &gt;&gt; Bit of a beating. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Without a doubt. He's in me way to become a world champion. Get me home coming. There's there's people who was very close to me that haven't seen me fight as a pro and now all of a sudden they'd be sitting ringside watching me. That's that's more that's that's that's power alone just to win the fight. Never mind your daughters and everything else that goes beyond that. So I'll be victim to Dublin to your backyard but the bookies are making him a favorite. That makes me think if it wasn't in Dublin, he'd be even more of a favorite. &gt;&gt; Yes, that's true. I guess the boot is going to lose a lot of money that night. &gt;&gt; Why do you think they've made him favorite? Do do you think that there's a kind of Has he done more? &gt;&gt; Got a little bit more of a profile than to talk sheet. Other than that, he hasn't done much. He never done much as an amateur either. I don't think so. It is what it is. Finally, he will show. &gt;&gt; What's the difference then? What's the difference between you and him? Why is it that you beat him? &gt;&gt; Mindset and skill. That's all. Mindset, skill. &gt;&gt; Is it about who wants it more? &gt;&gt; That that' be the big I want them all. But that's part of mindset. Mindset and skill will show. &gt;&gt; You're you're big on uh selft talk and you know speaking things into existence as well. Visualization, right? What what have you what have you been doing ahead of this fight? Have you visualized that that ring walk the moment of and the new of all these things been happening? &gt;&gt; Well, I went to a concert with me Mrs. Jordan the Christmas in the tree arena. I was physically there but mentally I wasn't mentally I was looking around and I was looking at all the looking in front me dancing like that. But I was just looking the ring is going to be there. This me ring walk fans are going to be shouting me fans are going to be sitting on this side of the corner. This is where the corner going to be in with a win. I'm going to jump to that corner of that rope. I've visualized it all. I've done it all. I've been there. &gt;&gt; So, you've already been there. &gt;&gt; Already been there. It's about going out and doing it. &gt;&gt; How proud are you to represent Dublin? &gt;&gt; Um, that's great question. Um, as you know about the toughness and the the roughness that I had to start my career coming back now. Yeah, I'm quite proud. Yeah, I'm very proud. I'm very proud of where I came from and what I done and how much I'm a deck shaving now right now. It's going to be a special night this isn't it% defin 90 and I think once we crack it it's going to be it won't be an easy fight it be a hard fight but once we get the win I think you'll be sitting I see it for a long time just a final one this is a a wonderful belt that you can pick up the IBO world super lightweight title it puts you very much in the mix you start looking around at the division there's so many great fighters out there we've just seen Dorton Smith pick up a belt you know there's Tma Lopez Stevenson what a division. Have you got eyes on other fighters as well? &gt;&gt; I was just Yeah. Well, after Mark Chamlin, once I get that world title, I want any one of them who's got a belt. I've now got I now I'll have a bargain chip now. I can call myself a world champion. I can fight either one and unify. So, yeah, I'll be pushing my manager to walk his ass off and that and make them fights happen. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, uh, when when you take those glasses off, by the way, that that's when we see Superman, right? So, uh, &gt;&gt; say Superman. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, &gt;&gt; so it's like the courts open up and and the different the different attitude comes and they don't know this character. Yeah. But this is a nice character now who we were speaking to, but when the glasses come off, you just don't want to be around me. &gt;&gt; Okay. I'd really like it if you just kept them on for the remainder of this interview if that's okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. There's no blood in here. 401 piece um prediction. &gt;&gt; Um we believe I believe we get the stoppage. &gt;&gt; It's a big ass but I believe I get the stoppage once I'm correct and once I'm calculated right I believe I get the stoppage. &gt;&gt; Best of luck. &gt;&gt; Thanks very much Jeff.