Kind: captions Language: en future contender for the heavyweight championship of the world. So much at stake here. This is our main event from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. And down goes the bronze. Is this how it ends? Is this the end of Deontay Wilder's career? Finish. He is gone. He's not making this count. This fight is finished. It's over. Big bang. Jay Young has just knocked out Deontay Wilder. [Applause] Our team, they're all a bit um tired. They've been in brilliant fights. And uh the first thing is [Applause] There we go, boys. Well, we know Richards is a late starter, but he may become a too late starter in this fight because Hutchinson's beating pillar to post right now. Big shots. Big big shots. Big attack from Willie Hutchinson. Oh, he's got Richards against the ropes. Brutalize him. Cut him to the right again. And Richards, be ready to go. Back against the ropes. That could have been a knockdown. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Kieran McCann scores it 116- 112. Judge Barry Lindaman scores it 117 to 111 and Judge Troyce Stamy scores it 119 to 109. All in favor of your winner by unanimous decision. And now the WBC silver light heavyweight champion Willie the Hutch green Hutchinson. And what' you think of that performing? Everything's dicey. Bloody. The diet's dicey. The training's dicey. Everyone's dicey. Come on. We're all trying our best here. I mean, Craig Riches. Wow. Whatever a hell of a fighter. I mean, I'm only 25. Do you know what I mean? I've got What have I not got going for me? I'm absolutely handsome. Just won another belt. I'm I'm I'm winning all the way. Way dominated most of the fight by working by the speed that he had and so forth. And I'm delighted we got the first points on the board. real solid jab comes into play or a real solid left hand. Yeah, exactly as you said that they had an opportunity to throw the left hand. It's not easy, but if you can just stop that attack before it starts that just the flow of of of Nick Ball off the temple. And you saw Ray Ford lower his hands just a little bit. Nick Ball took advantage. Mentioned it earlier. Both of these men have scored 12th round KOs. Well, we see one here as Ball backs forward up and forward counters with a right. Trying to get more weight on the shot. Oh, good uppercut from ball. Slug it out to the bell. Oh, big right. Incredible finish. Who won? I do not know. We have a split decision. Judge Bang Mu Kim scores it 115 to 113 in favor of Ray Ford. Judge Pavelardini scores it 115 to 113 in favor of Nick Ball. And judge Jean Robert Lane scores it 115 to 113 in favor of your winner and new WBA featherweight champion of the world the ranking ball. [Music] Yeah, he's a tough man and he's a class boxer as well and I had to dig deep to get the job done and I weren't going on without the belt. It takes two great fighters to make a great fight and I'll take my hat off to Ray Ford. I mean, this was a really competitive fight. They both give everything. They didn't leave anything behind and you know, Nick's Nick's the man. He got robbed last time out. He should be a unified champion now. But you know what? I'm delighted. I'm delighted for him. a delight for team Queensbury and uh you know we got one at the weight we picked and one at the weight that Matron picked. So you know and they both been really good competitive fights. This is a great fight card and we got even more to come. How exciting can it be? Oh massive shot at the bell. These are worrying signs for Matram. Shot. Remember this is worth double the points if Shiraz can win. Oh, perfectly timed right hand and down goes Williams. Big shot from H Shiraz lead right hook. He looks unsteady. Williams, will he be saved? But it barely will. Oh boy. Oh, another left. The referee taking a good look at it. Williams into the corner and they'll stop it. Hanza Surazz, the captain with four points for Queens Bay. What a performance from Hanza Shiraz. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 45 seconds of round number 11. Our referee in charge, Mark L stops the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, winner of the WBC final eliminator and still WBC silver middleweight champion Hamza Sherez. I was throwing the uppercut, but if you hear the corner count, Ricky was saying right hook, right hook, right hook. Frank was saying as well, and then boom, I swept it over and he was gone. Your captain came through for you. I feel like I'm talking to you a lot after some of these fights. How'd you feel about that performance? Long may it continue. Um, what I feel about it was an excellent performance which why we picked him as the captain. We knew he was in with a tough tough guy and full credit to him. He come to fight and he it was a real good professional job that he did. Incredible fights, but we're 6-0 down. If Herovic and Wilder win by stoppage, we draw the tournament. Four beautiful jabs bringing his feet in. Just miss him with the right hand. Good approach though in this fourth though from Dubois. There's a body shot Kirkovich in the corner. What do you think Dubois would do against AJ? Maybe he gets the golden ticket this summer. I tell you what, this is a big big round. Oh, big shot. A colossal right hand for Dubis. Oh, incredible. How is Herovich still standing? Oh, and he caught it again. And that'll do it for the round. Herovich's shorts are red and white. And not just because of the Croatian flag. He's bleeding profusely from two cuts on his face as Dubois continues to hammer away. I think that the doctor's going to take a look at these cuts. [Applause] Daniel has stopped Philic and picked up the biggest win of his career. The end comes at 57 seconds into round number eight as a ringside position advises referee John Lean to call a halt to the bout because of cuts. The winner by TKO victory and now the IBF interim heavyweight world champion. He is dynamite Daniel Dubois. Full respect to Hokovic. He's a good fighter and uh to come through that was just a learning and experience for me and I'm glad I got this IBF belt. And on to the next. I know what he's capable of doing and one thing he is he's a good finisher. There he goes. Oh, that may have hurt Wilder. I think an uppercut landed. Trying to cover it up and see tight there. Wilder. And that's dangerous from Wilder to leave himself exposed. He's got to get out of the corner. Yeah, he's got to turn him. You got to try and hold him and turn him here. Good uppercut from Wilder. Oh jeez. Wilder living dangerously. Going to get caught with Jeong's left hand. He felt that there. The thing with Jean Jeong's punches a deceivingly had he doesn't like put puts a lot on them, but every time he hits somebody with anything, they feel it. Yeah. Just ask Joseph Barker who got dropped twice in this last fight and one was a clipping just like that one. And down goes the bronze. Is this how it ends? Is this the end of Deontay Wilder's career? Finished. He is gone. He's not making this count. This fight is finished. It's over. Big bang. Jong has just knocked out Deontay Wilder. I would like to say big thank you to my team and also Mr. Ambassador Mr. Chung and his excellency and my team uh Queenbury and Mashroom for putting all this together. I would like to thank every friend who come here from all over the world. I would like to thank fans in China. It's midnight over there and you guys are watching me. Thank you. It's all over. It's been settled. Um 5-0 on points and you've got the bonus check to share out. Um was it ever in doubt? No, I I've told you along I fancied winning, but I would say that cuz I picked all my guys to win the fights and there were some very very close fights, tough fights for all of them. I mean, everybody knows they've been in a fight tonight, that's for sure. 5-nil sounds much better than 10 nil. Can we just keep it at that? But yeah, we can do 10. We can do five. Five, please. But we're going to run it back. We want our revenge. This concept is going to run and run and run because it's a great concept between us and between us we got some great fighters in our, you know, that we represent and we can do this again. There is query band me. The camaraderie between these guys has just been magnificent and the way they supported each other. The first thing the first thing the captain said he's just now got himself final elimination for the world title. So that's his next fight will be for a world title. The first thing he said to me was four points. We got four points. That was what it was all about. Everybody was so good and you know and and the effort that you guys put in from my heart I can't tell you you know you you've done as I say you've done yourselves so proud. I mean, you're unbelievable fighters and it's been a privilege and a pleasure to be part of what we're doing here today. And to all the trainers and the managers who've all done extremely well. You know, I'm glad you're all with us and you've been working with us and I hope you're all pleased what's been going on. And we we we just go from strength to strength together.