Kind: captions Language: en Right. So Frank, just a few days on from a great event in Ipsswitch. Just firstly, how happy were you with the occasion? Even though it did rain, people came out in in their numbers and really supported Fabio in in spite of the uh the weather, the atmosphere was unbelievable. 22,000 odd people showed up to support the local hero in Fabio. And it was an exciting evening. There was it was a good card. There was some real good competitive fights on the card. And the main event was one of the most dramatic endings I've seen for a long long time in a fight. Does it really speak volumes to kind of the fan base Fabio has built built over there for years? I mean, when you look at him and you think he's only had what do you have? Four white collar fights and um 20 fights. It's amazing to to you know just in 20 fights it just shows you you know one how he's captured the uh public's imagination. to the fact that he's the local hero and and he's a nice guy. He's a really nice person as is as is by the way Hon. They were two really, you know, really good, they really good people to work with and they and they gave a, you know, they gave the fans a brilliant night and in two different ways, you know, from being a situation where Fabio first round, end of the first round, he wobbled robbered Justice and he had a good third round, but most of the other rounds were won by Honey, who was well in front on the judges scorecards and uh but showed what he is how dangerous he is. You know, both of them at the press conference said what they were going to do and both did what they said they was going to do. You know, honey said, "I'm going to come out there. I'm going to box his head off and so forth." And Fabio said, "You may be the better boxer, etc., but for any split second, I can change a fight round." And he did it and I think he's done it for the 18th time now in 20 fights. And obviously a lot of the talk like you say has been that Honey was winning a lot of the the rounds perhaps outboxing Fabio, but is it really a testament to the talent that Fabio is the fact that he managed to pull off that knockout a spectacular knockout that we kind of will look back on for years to come? Is it a testament to his talent? I think I think it is. And it's a bit like Deontay Wilder. Deontay Wilder pulling it out the bag did that for six years as a world champion, you know, and Fabio who obviously doesn't have the wealth of experience that Deontay Wilder had as a as a amateur and a pro. Um he does the same thing. I mean, and and he he shows what he's all about, which is heart, self-belief, and true true grit. I mean, there were moments in that fight where he was getting caught with some good shots. he took him and I don't like seeing that for a fighter I'm involved with but you know he he stayed true to his task and eventually thankfully um pulled it out the bag. You mentioned that kind of um lack of experience obviously we saw with the Fraser Clark fight in the first fight was a very tough um 50/50 fight and then he came back and kind of uh done the business knocked him out. Are we going to see that moving forward in his career that he's a guy that he's learning on the on the job really in the pro game? Well, he is is you know that he is learning on the job and and that's quite a um a good point uh regarding Fraser Clark. I mean Fraser Clark fight was I thought he won it. I thought he just nicked it but you know no one's complaining. It was a draw but he did learn from it and the next time out he showed what he's all about and found and there was a weakness there and he exploited the weakness against Fraser. put him a great great punch. Again, showing what he's all about. He's a good finisher and did well. I know there's been a couple of complaints about the referee's count, but people don't people want to know what the rules are. First of all, you know, when a boxer go when a fighter hits the floor, the referee's first job is to ensure that that his opponent is sent to a neutral corner. Don't standing over him as he gets up. Send him to a neutral corner. He does that. Then he looks to the timekeeper and he picks the count up off the timekeeper and then continues to count, which is what he did. And Justice never complained at the end. He never said, "Oh, don't stop it or screamed or anything about it. He he took it and and he was quite right to do so." And the referee was quite right because one thing about Fabio, you're in trouble with him. He gets you in trouble. You are in trouble. and you know the the punch power that he's got wouldn't have it wouldn't have been good for Justice. And you know, you say that there's been reports of um Justice's uh team complaining about the decision despite that. Uh hats off to to Justice for a great performance and we'll we'll probably see him back at the top soon considering how very good boxer um really nice guy. His team are really nice people. Um good trainer. They got their tactics. They obviously done their homework. And of course he will will be back. I mean, you know, we we we we've got a great roster of heavyweights on our books and he could fight any of those. You know, you're guaranteed a good fight with him. That's for sure. And uh throughout the fight, Eddie Hearn was was sat next to you. He was he was very animated. He was some would say giving it giving it large. Um well, behind their man, him and Spencer, and they, you know, he was in front obviously on the judges cards. And I was I was quite frustrated sitting there and I'm listening to them. But for me it was, you know, he just wasn't letting that right hand go. And a couple of times I went to the corner and I'm just shouting up. I shouldn't be doing that. The corner know what they're doing. But you know, I did and and the last time I went, which was the round, it was just before he knocked him over. You know, I said to him, he's miles behind. He's not going to win this fight. if it goes to distance, it get it it be awarded to Honey because he's a mile in front. I said, "You have to let that right hand go." And thankfully he did. And Frank Smith obviously made that bet before the fight saying that if he if their team loses, he'll come in and make tea. He has since actually accepted that that offer. Will you be welcoming him into the office to make some tea or Yeah, you can come in and make my oil gray. And um for Fabio, what what do you think is next? There's been a couple names thrown about. Obviously, Pulv uh is one that's been mentioned. Derek Chazora, he actually had a back and forth the other day. You seem like you might like that fight. I like all those fights, but he's the interim champion there of the WBA. So, Puliv I may even get ordered. I don't know. But I love the fight with Derek Chisora. There's a Joe Parker. I mean, it's a really good sexy division. There's some brilliant fights to be made there. Exciting fights as well. Just on Lewis Richards Richardson, obviously your new signing. Made his debut the other day. I think that's the first time you seen him live in correct. Yeah. What did you What did you make of him? I thought he was I thought he was very competent fighter, intelligent, great moves. He's gonna be a great addition to to the roster, to the team. He go places. He's got a good boxing brain. You can see that he's thinking about what he's doing. He moves well and he makes you pay if you make a mistake. And he get better and better with experience. you know, we've had he's the first male uh Olympic medalist that we've signed since um I think it was since James James Deg Gal, was it? Yeah, since James de Gal. So, that's that's great company to be in. And uh and also the other I mean the other one we signed was the silver medalist in uh Amir Khan and obviously Nicola Adams who won two gold medals. So, you know, he's an exalted company. Those are some big uh shoes to fill. You mentioned there obviously a sixrounder for his first fight. Do you think he'll kind of be maybe fast tracked? You know, fast track him. You know, he's capable of doing the six rounds. Um as he showed, he's got a good engine and uh it's just about him getting experience, but we won't we're moving at the correct pace. Like I always say, it's not a 100 meter race. It's a marathon. And you know, you want your guys to learn get experience and learn their trade and uh you know, he he he's well on the road to be doing that. And there was obviously some announcements from the ring magazine, some uh you know, rumored fights happening in Saudi, one being Moses versus Dillian White. Obviously, there's no announce announcements or there's nothing's been confirmed yet as we understand, but if that fight were to happen, what what do you think of the match up? I love the fight. I love the fight. I think everybody loves it. It's a It's a bloody good fight. You know, Moses is the new kid on the block. Um 20 years of age, done everything up to yet what's been asked him. And obviously going in with with somebody like Dillian who's got a wealth of experience and at the top level and so forth would be a really big test for him. See what he's all about. Is it kind of the perfect fight for both guys in the sense that Moses, it's a name that he he would have watched growing up. It's some someone he can really get up for. And for Dillian, he's looking at Moses like this is a new kid on the block. I'm going to show that I've still got it. Yeah. Well, he's got Yeah. He's got a wealth of experience, hasn't he? You know, he's been in with everybody. He's fought for the world title. um you know and and given a good account of himself against some really good fighters over the years and beaten good fighters. So this will be a tough tough test for Moses if it happens. If that is announced we we really look forward to that. Um Tony Curtis Jr. a new signing. He was uh saw him in the office the the other week with with with Roy Jones. Uh he's been a prospect kind of that's been known about since he was a young guy, maybe 15 years of years of age. He's been a pro for a while. He turned pro, didn't he? 15 or 16. Been been a pro now for a while. How happy were you to to snatch that signing up? I like him. I really do like him. He's a He's got a really good personality. He can fight. Um Lightning um is his nickname. And uh you know, I think people are going to like him. It's a lower weight division, but I think he'll grow and become, you know, hopefully get, you know, become bantamweight, maybe a super bantamweight, but he's a he's a extremely crafted and smart fighter. And Hamza, not long until his massive fight against Edgar Belanga in in New York. He's over with Andy Lee now in Dublin. He's coming up to a new weight. Are we really going to see a prime Hamza after the the slight setback from his last fight? Well, we better see a prime one because he's going to be in trouble otherwise. He's in with a really good fighter in Balanganger. He's not gone up and tested, you know, tested dipped his toe in the water, tested the waters. He's going straight in. And that's a that's the belief that he's got I've got in him and he's got and his team have got in him. And um it's a big fight. So, we'll find out on a big stage. He's going to the other guy's backyard. So, it's a it's we'll find out what he's all about. You know, he was definitely strug Well, he was struggling. He couldn't make the weight. That's why he's gone up a weight, but he was struggling last time out in the weight. And I thought he was fortunate to get the draw, but he got the draw and now he's uh you know, he's he's had to go up because of the problems he's had. And uh we'll see what he's all about. Could this kind of be one of the moments that made him into the the fighter he's going to become? You kind of see it often with fighters coming up, they have that set back and then they get back into camp, become a new It's about learning. It's about learning and it's about, you know, and I mean for me the early part of that fight against Demis, you know, he was behind um and I think he was he had a problem obviously with his hand as we all know, but he was he was I think because of the and I didn't know at the time he was struggling to make the weight though he's a big guy because of that struggle to make the weight. I think the problem was was that you know sometimes fighters worry about can they you know they don't want to run out of gas as the fight goes on and I think some of that was going on but again I'm poked my nose in I run round to the corner and told him you got to step up you don't step up you it's all over and and he did step up to his credit even with his bad hand he was throwing shots so he's a game sod and he's going to have to be a game and he's going to have to draw on all the experience that he's he's he's got and and he's all the stuff he's learned because he's in with somebody who can fight in Balanga. Um, excuse me, a big announcement yesterday, Lawrence Sakoli versus Ke Kevin Lena. Um, Lena has given issues to both Dubois and the man that we saw the other night, Justice Honey, just showing how how much of a talent he is. How good of a a fight is that a cod? That's a cracker. You know, Kevin can bang and Lawrence can bang. You know, Lawrence is more comfortable now at this weight. You know, they were at the same weight. So, up until what, a year ago, they more or less fighting at the same weight division. You know, Lawrence has done I thought was, you know, really, really looked well in his debut. Um, he's a quality fighter. And the one thing I like about him and his team, they don't ask for any favors. They'll fight anybody. And it's the same with Kevin. I mean, they're two competitors. And this and we've got I mean, the main event we got is is just the most amazing heavyweight fight. And we got an amazing fight in Lawrence and Kevin and some of the other ones that we'll be announcing. We understand that it's almost a sellout. So another another huge Queen 70 I think it was 7 this morning 7 around 76,000 tickets and we got a while to go yet. How excited are you? Very because the atmosphere is going to be great. 76,000 tickets is 16,000 more I left. We put it on at Spurs. So, we sold Spurs out plus 16,000 tickets. Wow. Alloys Junior, obviously a couple weeks um since his big knockout of David Jameson and he looks like such a special talent. How excited are you about what this guy can do? You've kind of taken him from, you know, um his first fight to what he is now, which is really grown into a a seasoned pro. He's a young man, just turned 22. Um, I love him as a fighter. I think he's exciting. He's a very exciting fighter. He's he's he's actually turning a good boxer, but the power he's got is phenomenal. I mean, he is a big punching fighter. And he's one of those fighters that can punch the fight out of you because of the power. He get you on the arms and you're thinking s that I don't want to get that on the chin. You know, wherever he throws you, wherever he hits you, he hurts you. He's a he's going to win a world title. Obviously, uh, Vidal Riley as the British champion. Um, he's been calling out Vidal Riley, but it is the British title that we I'd love to see that fight. Absolutely love to see that fight and I hope the Border Control order it, make it happen. Absolutely. Derek Chisora, a name we we haven't heard about for a couple months. His 50th fight. We all know it's is something you're looking to make. Is there anyone you have in mind for Derek? I think he brings excitement whoever he he fights. Well, he he obviously for his 50th fight, he said that's going to be his last and he wants it to be a big big fight and he's in a position where he's the mandatory challenger now. He's a mandatory challenger for the title. So, like I keep saying, you know, the 19th of July is a big big night for the heavyweight boxing. Four belts on the line. We're going to find out who's the best, who's the champion, and then all these mandatories are going to kick in. So all these guys are in the number one spot or interim champions. It's going to open up for them. We're either going to get one after one mandatory or maybe I don't maybe some titles might even get vacated. I have no idea at this stage. But the first one in will be the WBO mandatory. That's the one that's been ordered and is due and that's Joe Parker. Glad you mentioned Joe Joe Parker. He's another name you know people want to know what he's he's doing next. Parker and Shazora actually had a bit of a a back and forth. They've obviously fought twice before. Love to do that again. It's another great fight. I'd love to the two of them to get that on. I spoke to Joe this morning uh from he called me New Zealand this morning. We had a chat and he'll be he'll be fighting whatever happens. He's going to have a fight probably early September. He's as game as they come. He's willing to fight anyone. He's Yeah, he's been there. He's former world champion. Done it. Been in with everyone. I mean been being in with all of them. Aget he's on fire at the moment. Yeah, absolutely. A Cabayel obviously a guy that's you know made waves in the heavyweight division of late. Uh a a show in Germany was m was potentially being I'd love to do that and we're looking at that and and I've got to be honest I think we will be doing that. You know, again, he's given a massive account for himself. Him and him and Big Big Bang was a was a good fight, quality fight, and he showed a bit of this getting off the floor. Um, and he's got great boxing skills. I mean, heavyweight scene's on fire. And yeah, like you say, the heavyweight scene is on fire. We've still got a couple more to mention. Yeah, Joe Joyce, you know, obviously had that loss to Hovic, but it was a great fight. He mentioned that he wants to fight on. Are you looking to get him out there soon? I haven't seen him yet, but I will do and sit down with him and his manager Adam Morley and we'll make a decision. You know, Joe's a lovely fellow. He's been with us and we're with him and whatever he wants to do, we'll support him. And um David Adel obviously had that recent fight with Jamie TKB. It's unclear if a rematch is going to happen. What What he in a big fight? He's in a big fight. Big fight. Big fight. Big big fight. An announcement coming soon. Very soon. We look forward to that. And uh just one more. Anthony Yard. Is there anything you're targeting for Anthony? Well, I' I'd you know, I'd like to see him in with Callum or one of those guys. I mean, again, it's a sexy division. Lots of good fights to be made. Let's get him on. He wants them. We want them. Let's make them. Betsy, is that is that a fight? Do that. It's another great fight. great fights. They're proper fights, you know. They're fights where there's a story, you know, where there's a I mean, for them two to fight each other would just be brilliant. It's been brewing for years and years and years. Everybody would like to see that fight. So, Sam No, he's been ordered to fight for um the WBO, I believe, against an American Abdullah Mason. Abdullah is a a rising prospect in America. What do you think of of that fight? I like that. Sam deserves it. Sam's worked very hard. is an exciting fighter. He's got an engine on him. And you're quite right, Abdullah's a massive rising star or prospect in America, but so Sam over here. And that is a good fight and Sam's capable of winning that. Do you think that Sam kind of once he gets in these big fights, he's got a lot of personality as well. Do you think he has some star potential over here? He has star potential. He's a nice guy. He's got a good following, but more importantly, he can fight. He's got a tremendous engine. Tremendous engine. Always helps when you can get some knockouts. It does. And if and you know when he's in that ring, you know, you know he's all over you. I mean, he's one of those, isn't he? Doesn't leave you alone. You don't get no breathing space with him. He's relentless. Powered by Juracil. Well, listen, it seems like the roster is absolutely filled with talent and great fights and we can't wait to to see some. And there's a lot more on in the lower weights as well that we're working on. So be some good announcements in the next couple of weeks. Frank, thank you so much for speaking to us. Pleasure.