Kind: captions Language: en So, I'm with Tony Curtis, Junior or Lightning. Which do you prefer to be? &gt;&gt; I don't mind anything. You can call me Junior, Captain Hook 2.0, Lightning or Tony, it's up to you. &gt;&gt; Captain Hook 2.0. Where does that nickname come from? I think I can guess maybe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, Mr. Rogers Junior. &gt;&gt; Describe yourself in three words. &gt;&gt; Fast, assertive, and hungry. When my dad first got me into boxing, I started off with Roy and Naz. My first like, you know, like your fight as to, wow, I want to be like them. You know what I'm saying? With Roy, it was more like action. Like, it was action-packed. You know what I'm saying? It was like, wow, like this guy's a freaking nature. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, how does he do that? And then with Naz, he's just he's just the most entertaining person you ever see. Like, who flips into a ring? [Music] I've I've got the flamboyance in the ring like Naz. I can I can throw my hands like Roy, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've got I've got I've got a lot of um similarities in my style with them. &gt;&gt; What do you do when you're not training? &gt;&gt; I'm always doing the same boxing related. If I ain't training, I'm recovering in the ice pool sauna watching boxing. You know, &gt;&gt; just boxing obsessed really. &gt;&gt; Got to be. You got to be in this game. &gt;&gt; Do you remember your first fight? Yeah, I was I was really nervous. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I used to have bad nerves. Well, a lot of people don't really know. I have got ADHD and um autism. So, like I overthink a lot of things and I was just I just I just sit there and I was like what if like I just I don't know. It could be anything. Like I was overthinking every little thing. Like what if this happens? Like what if I did like do you know what I'm saying though? Like just know I'm just a big overinker. But once you get in there, you're brand I was brand new. Like when the bell went, you're brand new. Like you're ready to go. Like you're like, "Wow, why was I nervous for you what I'm saying?" &gt;&gt; Spoken to people with autism in the past, they say when they focus on a particular subject or activity. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It has to be done &gt;&gt; before you move on. It has to be done. You can't. So, if I'm doing something, I won't if I'm like, let's say I'm trying to learn something on the speed, like a trick or anything, I will not leave the gym. I'll look at my phone until I get that. Cuz if I walk out the gym and say, "I'll come back to my head be up all night." Boom. Boom. See what defensive I can tell you. Might help you out a little bit. So, do it slow like that. Do it slow. Yeah. Like that. Now, we're trying to get out of there. All right. Still shaking it. Pump that jab both times. Pop. Pop. That's right. Exactly. to keep locked in on them, but turn them knuckles over. Turn that shirt on them. Nope. Don't do that. &gt;&gt; And obviously you're um training with Roy Jones Jr., one of your one of your idols. &gt;&gt; Just tell tell me how that relationship first came about. &gt;&gt; Well, I trained in Dubai in the daytime and I went home. Me and my dad was just chilling at at the house with all the family obviously. Got my dad got a phone call said Roy Jones is coming down. Quick, quick, quick, come down. I remember I ran to the bedroom. I got dressed quick as I can. He went there and then I it was there and I asked him how to I think it was the left hook. I asked him to teach me how he threw it and after that I just got his number and then yeah went on from there. He was training with Nate Jones and he was asking me about how I threw the hooks. So I showed him how to throw the hooks but I thought that was it. I didn't think I would talk to him no more. Then later on he contacted me again. We stayed in touch and he contacted me and said hey can can you come train me? So we started working and from there we never looked back. I knew he had a lot of talent. Um, had a lot of skills. Um, had been a lot of places, seen a lot of things and learned quick. So, like he was a kid, but he's he has he has the thing that stood out, I think, with most people with me when I was young, which was he had a grown men's grown man's mentality, you know, and uh, you know, if anybody could do it, he could because he believed in himself. &gt;&gt; When when he's teaching you saying like, he'll do it. And I was just like laughing, but you don't know why. He always asked me. I'm just like just just how can you still do these things? Imagine what it was like back then. &gt;&gt; You turned pro at 15, was it? &gt;&gt; No, 16. &gt;&gt; 16. So why did you decide to do that? Obviously, it's very early. It's almost unheard of from a British fighter to pro that early. &gt;&gt; Roy started saying to me, "Look, you got a pro style. What's the point in teaching an amateur style? You're 16. You might as well just do it now kind of thing." like he believed in me so I believed in myself and we just took it from there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it's like not only him and his two brothers too. All three of these kids right now they fight with a pro mentality. They're not out there to just win. They out there to punish you. And that's what a pro that's the difference in a man and a boy. Boys want to score points and just win the decision. Men want to hurt. So when you see that in the kids, it's like, do you turn that off and change to the point system when you have to eventually come all the way back around to that again or do you just leave that there and go with it? So we just said I just leave it there and go with it. Why we going to make him become a point scoreer when am boxing is not what's going to feed his family down the line. &gt;&gt; And fighting in Mexico in your first pro fight as a 16year-old. Describe what that was like. That must have been a a new experience. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was crazy. It was like it's also unheard of if you know what I'm saying. It was it was such a weird experience. Like when I was in the ring and fighting it was like all right this is I'm going to have to go like dig deep here. Like do you know what I'm saying? Cuz it's a boy versus a man and in there. &gt;&gt; But the first fight we had as a pro. He fought a kid that came in at 106 I think but he blew up it was tougher than we expected cuz I didn't think he blew up that big for one. Uh, and he came in and just jumped on Tony right away. But thank God I had prepared Tony for that. So Tony was ready for it. So Tony dealt with it. I still to this day think Tony won the fight. But what Tony showed was that everything I believed or everything I thought about him, it was all true. He don't give a damn when it come time to compete. He ready to compete. He end up going balls to the wall, going to war. He did not back down from nothing. But that's the kind of heart that you don't find in guys today. You understand? I mean, most guys don't want to take a risk like that. Most guys fail that test when it comes time to dig deep like that. He passed in his first fight. So, what else we got to worry about now? &gt;&gt; See, back then I had like all I had was my skills and my IQ. But now I've got starting to get the punches, but the power behind my punches. Each fight is good because I'm starting to get stronger and stronger each time. The camp's getting better. &gt;&gt; Obviously, there's already some buzz around your name. Is there any pressure going into Saturday night? &gt;&gt; Pressure. I don't even know how to spell pressure. &gt;&gt; Is it important for him to stay grounded, you know, as his pro career progresses? &gt;&gt; Um, it is important, but for him, for where he come from, for what he's seen his father go through, for all the things he's seen in his life, I think it's easy for him to stay grounded because he knows what the plan is. You understand me? The plan is, hey, let's take the whole family to another level. You understand me? And it's we got four shots. You shot number one. You're going to be example for the other three shots. So whether you want to or not, you almost have to keep things in line. Well, look, camp, this this camp so far has been like it's been hard because at the first of camp, like at the start of camp, my c my little baby cousin got murdered at the age of four. Um, his dad's still in hospital. Love him. Um, yeah, it's sad, you know what I mean? I got like that was at the start of camp. So, like had this fight's for him. Then when I got out to Royy's, it was this time last year that his son DeAndre uh passed away. Then it was like, so this fight's for them. Do you know what I'm saying? It's been hard. Everyone's got stuff going on. Like my other like the assistant coach Lee Wilkins, his son's got like hospital stuff. It's bad. Like a lot of people have got stuff going on and this fight's going for them. Well, I'm I'm very sorry to hear that, Lightning, but you know, I'm sure there's been an extra sense of purpose, you know, when you're getting through those hard rounds, those hard uh runs. I'm sure you've had that extra push. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Definitely cuz it's such like goes deep down. Do you know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; It's horrible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it give him an edge because he wants to make sure that Peter is remembered and um that he wants to bring attention to these type of situations so they don't happen again. And uh I know he's using it as motivation because that's just who he is. And uh I don't we don't we don't never want to see anybody have to go through that. But to see him come through and stay strong and know that he has to be strong or he has to be the strength even for other people in the family, it's a beautiful thing. But that's why I told you for me man I don't think he'll have a problem keeping things in line because God going to make sure he has enough pressure on him that he has to stay in line. &gt;&gt; What do you see as your potential in the sport? How far can you actually go? &gt;&gt; As far as I want to go. That's all I can say. Like if I'm if I'm on the gym keeping it how I have been then yeah as far as I want to go. &gt;&gt; He going to be world champ. He going to be world champ. And uh depending on how quick he grows uh me and his father just talking about it last night uh four or five years down the line right now if he stays where he is I think he'll be him and Bam Rodriguez end up having a clash somewhere in the sport you know because Bam is really good. Bam does everything right but Bam is 115 too. So he'll probably grow a little bit more. Um hopefully we catch him at the end before he gets too far gone. And um I think that'll be one of Tony's better nights. But how Tony is growing, he could grow into being a full-fledged featherweight. And that'll be cool, too. &gt;&gt; What would success look like for you when when it's all said and done, when you when you finish your career? &gt;&gt; Well, I think you've seen a few of the photos in here, right? Well, just like the one with Roy with all the belts out like that. That's when you know I've made it. you're likely to, you know, putting some some weight as your career goes on. Do you see yourself, you know, potentially becoming a multiple division champion? &gt;&gt; That's what I'm aiming for. Just like Pacquiao, I've always said it cuz like right now I could go down to 49 kilo. &gt;&gt; I think that's um might be minimum weight or light like light like fly weight. Uh but yeah, I could go down there when it's right. It makes sense. So going down there, pick a tire up there. Pick a tire up the next week. Do you know what I mean? Go through all of them just like you just said. &gt;&gt; And obviously you're a new signing for Queens Promotions. Um I saw you in the office actually going to to meet Frank. What was that conversation like? &gt;&gt; Well, me and Frank already knew what was going to happen since I was like 11. I don't know if everyone's seen it, but there was a show in Brentwood once. I went up to him. I said, "You better get your checkbook ready." He went, "You better get your bags back." So yeah, they're packed now. We're ready for the 28th of July. &gt;&gt; What can um the the UK boxing fans expect to see from &gt;&gt; It's going to be it's going to be good. We had to move up and wait because we couldn't really find a body that add his weight to fight. So having that we got a bigger opponent, a guy who's going to be strong and durable. But you can see a lot of Tony's real boxing skills because this guy should be able to take a lot. It's &gt;&gt; action-packed fights. I'm I'm I'm light. I'm active and I I can punch. I don't get hit. I've wanted to fight in England for ages. It's nice. It's good. It's real good fighting everywhere, but cuz you get more fans, you're getting your name more out there being different places. But this is my home country. Do you know what I'm saying? So, I want Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you see Saturday night playing out? &gt;&gt; Look, I'm not going to go in there looking for the knockout. If it comes, it comes. Um, but we've got a game plan and we're going to go out there and execute it. Hell, we've been training for it. Just keep your eyes open. Don't blink. That's what I'm going to say.