Kind: captions Language: en Well, talking about greats, if you just take this uh mic for his &gt;&gt; bring him in the middle. &gt;&gt; Jump in the middle. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Feeling he's feeling you out there. &gt;&gt; Well, look, talking about we're just talking about Alexander Rousi there. Talking about great and I'm not just saying this. I've said this to you before, Roy. I'm not saying this advice just as a as a personal thing. I think we are being joined now by the greatest fighter of all time. Certainly in your pump, in your prime. &gt;&gt; Thank you, my brother. I've just got to put that out there. You can't forget. &gt;&gt; Thank you. They they they must have forgot. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Uh Roy, before we come back on, we were just talking about the weekend. Before we come back on to what we saw on the weekend, uh look, you've got your boy uh Tony Curtis Lighting Jr. I've heard so much about him. I've seen a few of his fights in Dubai. Um obviously turned pro so young out there. Um you signed with Queensbury and Frank Warren. Firstly, why that move? Why was Frank the right man, Roy? &gt;&gt; Because Frank, he went to Frank when he was about 11 years old and told Frank that get his checkbook ready cuz he coming. you know, Frank told him go get his stuff together and he went and got his stuff together. So, Frank kept his word and you know, Tony kind of manifested that and I think Frank is the best fit for him because Frank understands the struggle. Frank understand where he come from and where he's trying to go. Frank knows the family, Frank knows the brothers, Frank knows everything going on about him. So, when you find a man like Frank who is a man of his word and who knows who cares enough to know about the the the evolution of this kid, how can you ask for anybody else, you know? &gt;&gt; And how is it training this young man? So fun, man. So fun because you always teach them new things. It's like my mind, people don't understand. My mind is like an encyclopedia when it comes to boxing. And these kids, it's funny because he always laughs at me because I always got something new to teach you. You know what I mean? And having a person that can learn these things and can put them to use is a beautiful thing for me because it's hard to find fighters who can actually absorb what I teach them and put it to use. This kid can do that. Imagine having Roy Jones Jr. in a corner as a trainer walking out. That's a frightening sight for the opposition. You're already one nil up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Um Roy, how far can he go? Look, he's at the start of his career. &gt;&gt; I'm sure Frank's going to build him slowly. Frank's known for, you know, if he if he really likes you and he's fond of you and he sees a talent, he he'll guide you the right way. How far though can he go one day? &gt;&gt; Well, he'll guide him the right way. But you got to remember with me being here, being who I am, I don't want you to take him too slow because I need to put a sense of responsibility on his back. You understand me? So the quicker we can get him to some type of strap to make him feel responsible and let them know that now everybody pointing their fingers at you, we need to do that because he's kind of kid that if he doesn't feel threatened, he'll chill. You feel me? I don't want that. I want him to stay feeling threatened. &gt;&gt; No comfort. &gt;&gt; No. I don't want him to be comfortable. I mean comfortable outside the ring of life. Yeah. in that ring. I want him to always feel threatened because he's a much better fighter when he feel threatened. &gt;&gt; If he if he dresses like he fights when for a treat. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, without a question. &gt;&gt; He's got the swagger and the conf. He's going to be an easy sell, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Going to be a very easy sale because he got everything. He got the swagger. He got the confidence. Um he got two two three brothers coming up behind him that's constantly pushing him too. So I mean it's a beautiful thing, man. That family is a beautiful family to be a part of. and uh their father would give his life for his kids and that's why I train why he got me involved with him and I think it's a a power of four people I'm have I'mma have that's going to become world champion but I think Tony going to become a multi- divisional champion too amount of time &gt;&gt; just on a general note look I've got a very talented fighter with me here the fail twins are very talented there's a lot of very talented fighters here just as a a general observation and you can you can say it to Ben personally if you had to give one rule of advice ice one huge guideline to a fighter who's coming through the ranks. He's going to be on on the cusp of a British title soon, hopefully, maybe pushing on to European and then worlds one day. What What is that piece of advice, Roy? &gt;&gt; Savor the moments. Always remember every moment, but also remember that boxing is about it's not about who's the toughest, it's who's the smartest. Because at the end of the day, I'm 56 years old, but I'm still able to talk. Thank God. And you can still understand what I'm saying. I can still deliver my message to you. And I fought since I was 10 years old. You understand me? &gt;&gt; But not being hit a lot allows me to be able to sit here and communicate with both of you right now. You understand? So take boxing for what it's worth. &gt;&gt; Be smart about it, but don't do and don't let nobody make you do crazy things. Sparring when it's not necessary is not good because every little lick to that brain &gt;&gt; takes his toe. &gt;&gt; You feel me? &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Would you have a question for Roy as a fighter coming through? I have about a thousand. Shoot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just like you being a coach to to sum up and common fighters, the experience. What would be the the in the gym the most experienced thing you could could teach them? &gt;&gt; The most experienced thing &gt;&gt; if it's not pads, bags, sparring. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; the most experienced thing really is footwork. &gt;&gt; Footwork is is is a lost art in boxing right now. You understand me? Footwork determines a lot of different things. If you if you can &gt;&gt; get your guy in trouble physical to your feet, &gt;&gt; you got it. But if you can't move those feet, I always tell my guys, you got to remember, you got to treat yourself like a tank. A tank drives and it pivots. But the wheels don't pivot that much. It kind of drive then the top pivots. But if you can make these keep you in line, take where you got to go, where you got to go. And this up part can be a pivot. &gt;&gt; Now you got something. You like a take. That's why I was so dangerous, explosive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. It wouldn't be right of me to before we let you go and I appreciate your time about the weekend. And I've got an interesting question for you actually. When you boxed John Ruiz, if that was Alexander Usyk in the opposite corner that night, how would have a Roy Jones v Alexander Usi fight heavyweight gone? &gt;&gt; So Alexander Usyk is a southpaw which would be much more difficult to deal with. But what you got to remember is there are certain things you got to take away from Alexander Usyk right away. If you want to take those things away from him, you're not going to beat him. So it's like he not an easy sale for anybody to beat, period. But for me, it would have been easy, but I'm faster than him. So, I would use my speed to my advantage to make sure I took advantage of it and didn't let him hit me. Cuz now he's take I think he took the advice I put out there about him one time and he's become a little bit more explosive as a puncher. You understand me? So now he's taking these guys out with one shot. That's the only thing he was lacking as a cruiserweight. Now he becomes a real legitimate heavyweight problem because he is explosive. So he's faster than most of these guys. He has a very, very high IQ. And now he's even punching with explosive explosive power. He's a very hard sale right now. But me, I would have been smarter. I was faster. I wouldn't give him given him nothing in the early rounds. But late, I would have started pushing pushing the pressure. I would have made him back up, not let him back me up. And it would have probably been a different outcome. But he's also a Capricorn, so he's smart just like I am. &gt;&gt; What a fight that would have been. The WBO have called him to fight Joseph Parker. We don't know if that's going to be next. Usyk might vacate and and go elsewhere with a Fury trilogy, etc. If it is Joseph Parker, what problems and questions can he pose that others haven't or can he not? &gt;&gt; It's it's funny you say that because a guy just asked me not long ago who I think would be best or had the best opportunity to give us a fight. The best guy right now is Joseph Parker. Why? Because he's not a big big heavyweight. He's quick. He throws combinations. He has a great trainer with him now uh in Andy Lee and he's more comfortable than I've ever seen him in his whole career. And so I think that is actually a very good fight for both fighters and this is the very best time for it because Joseph Parker is on on uprise right now.