Kind: captions Language: en Royster, 21 years old, 15 and0 just broke into the top 15. It's a bit of a bit of a dream, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Um I couldn't have asked any anything more from me team this camp, but done everything that I was supposed to do. I stayed dedicated and um boxed to a game plan and everything paid off. &gt;&gt; It was only a fight ago, maybe two fights ago that we spoke to you after that uh Dres, the fighter from Peru. Do you remember that one? And he was really negative and you were like, I'm so bored of these fights. I just want to fight &gt;&gt; better opposition and so on. The level's gone up. It turned into be a bit of a awkward fight. Not on your behalf. But um in terms of your opponent, it was a a bit of a dirtier fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. But listen, he come there to fight tonight. Fair play to him. He he did give it his all. I give it my all and I was the better man on the night. That's all I got to say. He come prepared. Um I got to say he was he was a tough man. And I hit him in there tonight with five or six good shots. What would normally stop a man in the tracks and he took him. Uh he got back off of the canvas. He showed a lot of heart and I got respect for it. &gt;&gt; You had to remain disciplined in there tonight, didn't you? Because there were points where you know there were frustrating moments. How did you keep your cool? &gt;&gt; Just um just remembering what I've been doing in the camp. I've been sparring the like 70 kilos 75 kilo men. And in there tonight with with Danny, he he wasn't them type of fighters. cuz you he didn't never had that extra bit of weight. And I was just thinking to myself, just stay relaxed, stay calm, do what you've been doing in the gym, do what you've been training on and it just all pay off and it did. That straight left hand was the shot which was working nicely. Just kept turning him and then just picking him off for that over and over again. I was watching Tyson Fury at ringside and almost every time that you caught him with it, he just smiled. I could just see him turn to Frank and go, "Nice shot that." You've been working on that one, haven't you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. I've been training me heart out for the for this fight for like eight eight or nine weeks and I haven't missed a day. And um I'm just thankful that it all paid off tonight and um plenty more big nights to come and uh I can't wait to be coming for that number one spot. &gt;&gt; Last one then. Big nights to come. Any names anyone in particular you want to fight? I know that you'll fight anyone but you know you're still young. Uh but you're you're moving, you're cruising really nicely. Is there any particular titles you want to get your hands on or anyone you'd like to fight? &gt;&gt; Just put anyone in front of me and I'll take him out. That's all I got to say. &gt;&gt; Can I re can I say Josh Padley? What do you reckon about that fight? Josh Padley, he's um good fighter. Would fight him 100%. Uh but we just need to take our time and um work on the next fight after this. And I'm going to be coming for everyone in the top 10. So there's no point of picking each and everyone out. I'm just there to fight who they put in front of me. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Well done, mate. &gt;&gt; No problem. Thank you very much.