Kind: captions Language: en Well, your screens just got a whole lot sweeter because look who is here, Sugar Boy Roy Royston Barney Smith. How are you, mate? &gt;&gt; Good day. Good to see you. Um, big moment for you, my friend, because 15 fights in you're now challenging to become British and Commonwealth champion. It's about time, isn't it? Yeah, definitely. Um, starting from when I was 18 to get in now is is been a good process. It's flew by quick. But, it it It hasn't It hasn't in the same way because I would like to fight for it earlier, but you can't. But, um, I'm in now and I'm ready to take to take everything. I'm willing. And on that that that's a rule, isn't it? You can't fight for the British title before you're 21. So, even you may have been ready at 20, but you wouldn't have been allowed. &gt;&gt; No, you're you're not you're not allowed to fight for the British title until until you turn 21. So, um, that's that's a bit of a bit of a bugger, but we're in now. We're not complaining. We're going to going to bring that shiny belt. And these are belts. It's the Commonwealth as well, vacated by Ryan Garner. So, you're just kind of following up collecting his belts behind him and maybe taking a belt off him one day, huh? Yeah, for sure. Like that Like that's Like that's the plan. Like that's the biggest fight out there for me. Like nothing against Ryan or whatever, but like we're both from Southampton. I'm now fighting for the British and Commonwealth. He's pushing on for world honors now. So, like it it it it it makes sense. Is Is there a common point with Ryan with Ryan cuz I feel like he's very relevant in your story. I think he's going to be relevant in your story. Where maybe you used to look up to him and that stopped because he's sort of come on your radar. Is that been a a thing at all? Uh, he's a good fighter and you've always got to respect a good fighter, but at the end of the day we're we're all fighters and that's what we're here That's what we're here to do. So, at a certain point I was looking at him thinking like well, he's good and then I started fighting and it was like right now you're Now Now you're one of my goals to to to beat. So, um, it's it's a good thing and a and a bad thing at the same time, but no disrespect to him, but I I really do believe it'll be a mega fight. When did you think that happened, that little change? Uh, when when that happened I think that happened when I won me first title, the WBO youth world title. When I When I won that it was like right, you're not actually too far in front of me now. I think I I won that in me like 12 or 11 fight and he and he had like 16 at the time. I was like well, this It's not a very big gap between us. We got to get the job done on Friday. I'm sure you'll be hot on on his heels, but it's Connor McIntosh in your way. He's got a wildly kind of different story to you. You've, you know, decorated amateur, turned pro with Queensberry. He's He's like a full-time dad, works as well. It's a whole different path to this fight for him. No, like I I respect him for it cuz he He seems like a nice lad and he does try hard, but at the end of the day it is the fight game and I'm looking to get in there and doing damage. That's That's That's the pros and cons of boxing. Is this going to be about levels then? Yeah, for for for sure. Like, I I haven't just woke up one day and said I want to be a professional boxer and try and chase a British title. I want to be a a British title champion and then push on to be a world champion. This isn't my final hurrah in in sense. Like this isn't my goal just to win this. Don't Don't get me wrong. It's It's going to be a big achievement in my life, but I really do believe I can be a world champion. Yeah, that that's interesting. I I saw him at the hotel earlier and I said I said pretty much the same thing to him in terms of this for him is his Everest. He's been dreaming about becoming British champion. For you this is a stepper along the way. Do you think that plays out in the fight at all? Yeah, because he He's He's definitely going to be giving it his all and and so am I, but this is this is a bridging point for me. Like that's I'm here now and I need to cross that bridge to get where I need to be going. He's looking to stop at the entry. I'm looking to push on for bigger and better things. It's good way to put it. Danny Quartermaine was your last fight, picked up a couple of lovely belts there as well. And that was You seemed to hurt him multiple times with a variety of shots, but it was rough and tough in there as well. How How do you look back on it? Uh, it was a it was a good learning good learning fight. Uh, it was a good fight. I liked the build-up to it. It was me first proper like how How do you think Royston's going to get on with this guy? And like I Like I proved it in there. It was unanimous decision. I think the scores was like 100 to to 90. I won all all 10 rounds, but uh, can't can't keep looking back on that fight now. I just need to to to look at Connor McIntosh and do the same what I did to him to Danny. It's made you a better fighter though, that last fight, you think? Yeah, definitely. It's opened me eyes up to to to to how the longer fights like proceed. So, um, in in the sense of like I now I've got the engine for it. I've done all the sparring. I've done all the training. Now it's time to to put it all into practice like I did on that night. You know, you win this fight on Friday, you will be 16 and 0. You'd have got those belts that you won last time out, youth title as well. You'll be the British champion, the Commonwealth champion, all in the space of 16 fights. Things like that, world titles aren't far away at all. Do you feel close? Do you Do you feel kind of ready like you're knocking on the door? Yeah. Like definitely. Like I Like I can't look over Like this fight now, but I can in the sense of like in like the spidey senses I can feel it like tingling. Like I know I'm just on the borderline of becoming into that open stage and and world level fighters. You've been around Leigh Wood, of course, in the gym as well. I'm sure that would have probably helped you come along and see how he how hard he trains and whatnot and of course in your weight division. Like definitely. Like I look at him and I Like he's been there and done it. He's two-time world champion and I can see how much like effort and and work ethic he he does have towards boxing. And and being around that, it just makes you unconsciously do it. If you're looking at something for for long enough like period of time, you will start picking up them habits and I've been doing that since I've been 17. So, like now I'm like I'm I'm ready to go. I love it. It's It's like this whole new crop of kids coming through. Sorry for calling you a kid. I'm an old man now, but like like you and and Moses &gt;&gt; Come on. I'm trying. [laughter] But you like you and Moses like you're You've gone You've had been friends since the amateurs and whatnot. And you How much does he drive you in his rise and all the attention he's getting knowing that you're very skillful talented boxer yourself, just not half the size. &gt;&gt; Half the size. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Less than half the size. But, um, it's it's good because like I I know where I can get to and I'm looking at him and he's doing it. So, it's like well, if he's done it, I can do it also. So, that That's the standpoint. And looking at him and like trying to check Not chasing him as such, but looking to what he's getting. I know I'm capable of of getting that. So, it's it's good. It's good to see. What's going to happen on Friday? Uh, one guy one guy no more than eight rounds. You reckon? Yeah, definitely. &gt;&gt; He's never been stopped, you know. No. Friday night, yes. Best luck. Good to see you, mate.