Kind: captions Language: en Royson, the fight campaign is up and running. Great win. Last time out, win at the O2. Big show. You must feel quite good about life right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Um, I've got some good momentum now. I've uh I've done a 10 round fight. A very uh very comfortable win for me. But I also learned a lot in that fight where I couldn't go up. I couldn't push any more and I couldn't push any less cuz he was decent the the opponent. And um it was good to bank them rounds. What do you know about Conor Mintosh? &gt;&gt; Uh, I know he's very fit, game, and he's come to fight, but apart from that, I don't really know a lot about him. &gt;&gt; So, he has 10 wins from 12, only one of them by knockout. He's never been stopped. Those stats would kind of point towards a long night for you. Is that what you see coming down the pipe? &gt;&gt; Um, I'm going to prepare for a long night. I'm going to prepare for a very hard night as well. But um I don't see it going the full 12 personally because what I'm capable of and what I'm good at um I believe it's it's very hard to stay in there with me for 12 rounds. So um it'd be a good fight. &gt;&gt; So you think maybe less an endurance test, more of a a statement knockout if you can get a a knockout against a fighter like Connor? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. It it would be a dream come true fighting for me first British and Commonwealth title. also finishing it off with a with a with a good knockout. Then that just t that just puts the cherry on top. &gt;&gt; How does it feel to be fighting in Glasgow? &gt;&gt; Feels good. I've never been here before. Um me brother boxed in the Three Nations in Dundee, so that was the first place I've been into Scotland. This is the second. But um I I like it. I've heard a lot about it. I had a couple of team members fight from Scotland. um like the likes of Josh Taylor and Lemura. Um they fought in the Hydro, they say it's one of the best arenas to fight in. So now I'm going to kind of tick that off. &gt;&gt; What would it mean to you to have those belts? &gt;&gt; It would mean a lot. Um, personally for me, it it would be more of a uh it's a satisfaction of knowing I'm taking taking steps more closer to the end goal where that I'm becoming a better fighter and showing what I'm more capable of on a bigger stage and a bigger platform and also cemented my name as a serious fighter and a and a proper contender. &gt;&gt; I like that about the step towards the end goal. What is the end goal? to become world champion like everybody else would like to do that but unfortunately it's boxing and to be the best you have to beat the best so me winning these belts proves I'm the best in England and then I'm going to take it a step further to to European and then hopefully world title &gt;&gt; one thing I I would pick you up on more conversationally is is you say everyone's goal is the world champion which is is correct to an extent at the same time it's to be fighting on the big shows it's to have the big nights Right. And it seems like that's what you're doing right now. The O2 now Glasgow. Like like I said before, this is this is what a lot of fighters dream of. Right. &gt;&gt; For sure. Um but this it's nothing that I don't deserve. I've put in the hard work. I've I've been the best in Europe before a kid and now also as a man. I've got the WBO, the IBF European titles. So these nights for me is just cementing my my legacy is is what I want to be in the future and this is just a bridge in the middle and I just got across it. &gt;&gt; I think I'm right saying you're top five in the super feathers in the UK looking at the fighters above you Josh Padley Jazz Dickens these guys do do you look at them and think I could I could be in with you one day. &gt;&gt; Yeah for for for sure and and very shortly as well. I know I'm very young. I'm only 22 year old, but I'm I'm pushing on to be the best version of me. And if if if I'm the best version of me on that night, I know it's very hard for anyone to beat me. &gt;&gt; How far away do you think you are from those fights? &gt;&gt; Two or three fights away &gt;&gt; from world title challenging. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. &gt;&gt; I got to pick you for a moment as well. Sugar Boy Roy, it's great nickname. [laughter] Um, it's it's not the first time we've seen a Sugar on the scene. Which Sugar do you look up to the most? &gt;&gt; Uh, I would say Sugar Ray Leonard, but my dad likes Sugar Ray Robinson, so it's a bit of a tossup, but two two of them are unbelievable fighters and also the best best one to ever lace up a pair of gloves, the pair of them. So, um, if I can turn out either one is as good as either one of them, then I'll be happy. Would it be fair to say they were the inspiration growing up? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Um I used to like watching Sugar Leonard box in the Olympics. Uh my favorite fight was the one against him in the queue when he knocks him out in the finals and that really stuck with me to prove that how good you have to be to to to get there and and be be Olympic champion. And then also when he beat Roberta Durant around the uh the second fight that that showed me how much you have to push through as a man like for the fact of getting beat once dusting yourself off and then becoming the best out of the Magnificent Four to beat them all. &gt;&gt; What happens fin incoming? Thank you very much, Sugar Boy