Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time for our featured bout. It is scheduled for 12 rounds and it'll be for the WBC International and Vacant EBU European Super Featherweight Championships brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy and Uni Bat. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Steward in charge Charles Giles along with the World Boxing Council, President Maicio Sulleima, supervisor Jussi Nia Monin, and the European Boxing Union. Supervisor Domingo Matas, timekeeper Steven Hooi. Our three judges assigned will be Bella Florian of Hungary, Giovanni Hoji of Italy, and Daniel Vanil of Belgium. Our referee in charge will be Anie Payokei of Finland. And now, boxing fans joining us live worldwide. And boxing fans here in Bournemouth, England. The time has arrived for the main event of the evening. Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring in red, blue and white and weighed in officially at nine stone 3 lb. Coming to us from Vaja lead Spain. He brings an undefeated record with 14 wins. One draw. Six of his 14 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the undefeated challenger Salvador Elcone Himenez [Music] and his opponent across the ring in this main event. He is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing red with white and weighed in the same as his opponent. Nin stone three lbs healing from Southampton Hampshire England. He is undefeated with 16 wins. Eight of his 16 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending WBC International Super Featherweight Champion. It's feeding time, Ryan the Piranha Garner. [Applause] [Music] Okay, gentlemen. I wait a green fight. Follow the rules. Obey my comments. This is the belt line. This is the belt line. No punches below this line and no rapid punches. May the best win. Save hands. Good luck. I can only say that the crowd reception for Ghana tonight here on the south coast matches anything we've seen on a big night in Manchester for one of their own or Liverpool or London or indeed Carl Frampton in Belfast. This is big and it's the big moment in the career of Ryan Garner. He comes out of his corner here in Bournemouth seeking to claim the European super featherweight title. People have had such faith in him and often against their better judgment they've stuck with him and this is the chance now tonight Richie to pay him all back and pay for his family's future. It's all on the line here tonight isn't it for Ghana? &gt;&gt; Absolutely Paul this is um a real hard contest to be honest on paper. I mean Gimenez is 14 and0 himself and got one draw. He's fought for the European title before undefeated. So yes, and he started well as Garner. Lovely left up there. So he's um he's come out of the box nice and quick as Garner. Fantastic support. The atmosphere in here is is really really impressive and that will definitely spur him on. &gt;&gt; Just going to mention it since he comes out in the red and white trunks. Of course, the big dream for Garner is an even bigger fight at St. Mary's Stadium, the home ground of Southampton FC, where of course he was once an academy prospect as a footballer all that long ago. A very talented boxer when he turned pro. We knew that right from the very start and then the year started going by and the mistakes out of the ring started mounting up and people started to question whether he'd ever get to this opportunity. But now he's here and he's got to seize it. And I will say recent performances have been good but I think he may have his hands full tonight against Gimenez. &gt;&gt; He started well though Paul and that's a good right hand there from Garner. I think he's keeping um Gimenez at bay with that jab and those straight shots. But now he's starting to to actually um get a little bit closer and some of the the right hands especially a bit of he's put real power into that mid-range um work with that right hand. But the jabz has has really had problems getting around. It's sort of stopping him from actually there was an example there. He's about to attack or looks to come forward and then he's stopped in his tracks with that single shot. So this has been a good fast opening round for Ryan Garner. Confident on the verge of taking a risk or two here early on Garner to get control of this fight. Oh, lovely shot there on the inside. &gt;&gt; There's nobody better for me in Britain right now, Richie, in any weights division than on those angles. He is a poet at work in there at times, Garner. But we're seeing a different side to him early on on this big night. He's making sure he's letting the opponent know who the real boss is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he is. I thought that Gimenez as he came out, he looked fairly confident, but here he just been bean to the punch time and again. And as the round has gone on, Garner has sort of up the pmpo here. This is real good stuff from Ryan Garner. What a positive start that is [Applause] coming as well. A little bit in between. Yeah. Brilliant. Good defense. Half your offense. Yeah. When you throw them freezing force, make sure you roll your head up and step down the line. Yeah. Good luck. [Music] Carry on. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. [Music] &gt;&gt; Garner starts like he means business tonight here against Salvador Jimenez. &gt;&gt; Yeah. gets caught with a left hook there. But for most of the round, I thought Garner there with a lovely shot with the right hand. I thought he boxed really well behind his jab and sort of turned the screw a little bit towards the end of the round. Increased the intensity. I thought it was a good round for Ger that marching straight up into the center of the ring. Grabbing hold of that, trying to grab hold of this contest in every sense. Biggest career opportunity there will ever be for Ryan Garner tonight. He seems to understand the gravity of the moment. Salvador Jimenez is a very sound operator. Certainly not intimidated by this exceptional home crowd on the south coast. I say home, Southampton on mass here in Bournemouth tonight and maybe for one night only. The Bournemouth fans think, well, it's good for all of us if Garner does win. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Good start to the round again for from Garner. Gimnez, I think he's struggling with with the distance. Tim has got to get up closer to have any sort of chance of landing any shots when it's at long range. Garner's boxing really well. You know, he's very he's well schooled Garner as it just doesn't say that he misses the target, but he's been working well behind his jab and the straight right hand. So, his judgment of distance is very good Garner and that's mainly because that jab of his it's nice and sharp and crisp and there's plenty of them. So he keeps assessing the the the distance between himself and Jimenez very well indeed. All because of that shot. [Applause] I asked Garner Richie yesterday. Well, what do you know about him, how much tape have you watched? How much have you tailored your game to what you will face tonight given that has a good solid career behind him? He said, "We we decided not to do that. We've watched about 20 minutes. We know what he's good at, but most of all the mindset we've got is if I am on my aame, I am going to be too much of a handful for it. That's how this fighter started. Well, he started re pretty quickly, Paul. Um, I'm very impressed with um Ryan Garner at this stage. Like I say, I thought him came out pretty confidently, but he's had that confidence literally knocked out of him. I think Garner is boxing really well. If anything, he wants to watch he doesn't go off too quickly here because he's putting a lot of lot of power in his punches and he's fighting at a a fast quick tempo. That has to be an issue that he's going to put too much in too soon tonight. But against that got to grab the early rounds to increase the pressure on Gimenez on the scoreboard as well as in the ring itself. And that is happening &gt;&gt; again. Paul, I think Gimenez is just he's trying to cope with the pace. That's a good shot. He just can't keep Garner at bay, Gimenez. And he's stuck on that rope. Garner's not going to need a second invitation to rough him up. This is to me is an element to Garner second. Garner 2.0, Richie. He's a a much more rounded fighter as well as being a a more rounded individual. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, he's definitely up for this one, isn't he? um started the contest really positively. Lot of skill. Another good round for him. &gt;&gt; They're well pleased in that Garner corner. Salvador Jimenez is under pressure here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good work again from Garner. Mainly boxing at distance. Look at that long straight one two then on the inside there. That's a lovely short right hand on the inside. And I thought he boxed really well in this round. Again, taken the odd risk here and there and came back with a couple of shots, but generally another Garner round his skills, accuracy with the shot there. Look, followed in with the right hand. Yeah, good stuff from Garner. [Applause] is under pressure. But let's remember he's an undefeated fighter. He has come through some significant tests and he was within an ace from winning this European title first time round. But Garner could not have produced better than the first two rounds tonight. sharp, hurtful with some of his punches, building on the dazzling boxing shows he put on for us in 2024. Liam Dylan and Archie Sharp, he outskilled both of them, but what I like about Garner early on tonight, Rich, is that there is a championship edge to his work. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he started really quickly, hasn't he? And um any confidence that Gimenez had, it's been knocked out of him, I think, Paul. And remember for Gimenez, this is his first contest outside of Spain. So he's had it all his own way on home soil. And with this crowd, you know, he might be going through his mind. You know, come coming over here to England and I'm facing their best fire here. Um so yeah, that'll be running through his mind and that could affect his confidence. But yes, it's a very good start indeed from Ryan Garner. &gt;&gt; Garner's denying Pimenez to settle into his rhythm. the man from Vader League and he's trying to claim Garner now and slow it all down a little bit and maybe give a little bit of the rough stuff back to Garner. The referee from Finland Paraki just briefly intervening there but they're both about their work again. I think what's important Paul here is Garner if he can keep this going especially the speed and it's the speed of the jab that that at this stage of the contest him can't really cope with that speed but he will naturally slow down cuz all fighters do because I think him is fairly dangerous with that right hand over the top and if it's a slow jab that will give him a chance to land that punch but at the moment it's all Garner boxing really well at range but it's the speed of that lead hand for me that's key. &gt;&gt; You're right, Richie. It's the hands tonight which are doing the work. I've seen Garner going way back to when he first turned pro in the gym and his footwork can be incredible. And although we're questioning whether he can keep up the pace upstairs, if you like downstairs, he's not had cause yet to get on the outside and and take a round off. I think he could do that if he needed to. Yeah, and he probably will have to Paul because most 12 round boxers, they do take the odd round off here and there. Um cuz he's gone off at a terrific pace. But he's sort of put his opponent in his place. Any confidence that he had at the start of this contest has been wiped out for me. And again, Garner is in control. Another good round up to now. Yeah, good stuff. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Relentless from Garner early on tonight. &gt;&gt; Three completed [Applause] the number one defense when you finish. Then go back in again. Excellent. &gt;&gt; Wayne Batton in Brian Garner Corner, another of the outstanding younger coaches in the country at the moment. The uh esteemed cutman on duty tonight, just out of shot at this moment actually. But Frank Hopkins, now 78 years of age and for so long a part of the Garner story in good times and bad, is here tonight working Frank on this biggest night. There might be a tear or two at the end of it if Garner wins. Yeah. And Frank Hopkins especially, I think he's been with Garner since he's about 15 or 16. So Ricky, &gt;&gt; yeah, it's very emotionally. &gt;&gt; I know the full story. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there you go. &gt;&gt; Not all of it's for publication quite honestly. &gt;&gt; You know, I know Paul, but it's been a positive start from Garner. No question. They'll be pleased in that corner. Got to keep it going. &gt;&gt; But Gimenez, you know, he's not out of it. He's dangerous. He's unbeaten. So again, it's a classic case of keeping it going and concentrating for the full 12 rounds if it goes that far. &gt;&gt; So far, Garner has gone out with the approach, I'm going to win every minute of every round. That's a good mindset on a championship night, Richie, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yes, it is. Um, he's boxing very well. Just up his shoulder and mid-range there on the inside. He's got to watch what he's doing. is he's still he's very compact. He's hard to get through that guard and he's looking to counter as well against Garner. He can't he can't box Garner at distance. I think G look there there's that jab. There's the right hand. That's lovely boxing. That is just falls in a little bit afterwards, but nevertheless just measuring the distance very well and hasn't got it. He just he's not in it at all at long range. You'll only have a chance of when they're up close, Paul, to land a punch. Jimenez is doing his best on the inside to give Garner something to think about. But Garner is very adept at working himself free even at close quarters to keep on dominating in these exchanges. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Just made me think there he just felt something on the inside. He's obviously caught Gimenez with a couple of good shots on the inside. Did he feel something? cuz he's he's gaining in confidence at boxing a short and mid-range ball. So, he's probably testing Gimenez out here. It's a good display. Gimz doing his best to look cool, stay calm and collected, but he's collecting a lot of leather at the moment. Exchange after exchange. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Like you said, Paul, he's relentless, isn't he? at the moment. Ryan Garner feet are a little bit square, but nevertheless, yeah, good change there. That's good stuff. Walking Gimenez almost into his own corner to spare the trouble of going back across the ring at the end of this round. Gimminus manages to turn his man, but as soon as he sets, Garner is already there in his face. right hand over the top and a nice combination to finish the round. Garner will not be dissuaded tonight. He's going out to Braish if he can. [Applause] around. I show you guys around 25 different angles. [Music] Wow, Garner's really on top of his game tonight here in Bournemouth. Welcome back everybody. Frank Hopkins, we spoke about him has had to do a little bit of work on the corner of the left eye of Garner. That is Carl Frampton scorecard through the first rounds. Carl has got him four up against Salvador Himenez of Spain. Any divergence from that, Richie? &gt;&gt; No, I totally agree with Carl Fton score. He's bang on there. He's won every round. And in that previous round, he just took a few the odd risk here and there, did Garner, but like I said, he must have felt really confident on the inside cuz he really took his opponent on. And that would probably, you would think, suit Nimz. He just can't cope at distance. But I think he outgunned him on the inside also. So he's very confident is Garner coming forward. I just like to see him just revert back to that that mid and long range boxing because when he's doing that he's not in with a shout at all. It's only when he's in upper close quarters does he ever land a shot. First job tonight is to come into a major career moment, a moment of massive opportunity and not let the occasion get to you. Make sure you are absolutely ready to do your job. Those objectives have been achieved. He has given himself a great chance in the first half of this fight of taking this European title. There may be twists and turns to come. I think if if him in his corner, you know, probably thought, well, he's going to come out strong. Um, and we'll we'll we'll sort of take him try and take him on in the later part of the fight. The problem there you've got is how much damage will will he accumulate from Garner because Garner is hitting him with left, right, and center with some really good punches and they're going to take their toll at some stage. Paul and if they are thinking like I say of getting into the latter rounds but he's taking too much stick for me is seeing combinations really from him in Richie at the moment. We see one shot and away as if he's saying, "Would somebody get this guy away from me?" But there's nobody in there to help him in this trade. &gt;&gt; That was a lovely bit of work. And again with that jab and the right hand. See, that's good boxing. That is occasionally. Then he just switches downstairs. But by outboxing at distance there, it's judge friendly as well because the judges can see the punch lands. Nothing's coming back. It's good boxing. volume of work, the accuracy of work surely with Garner. The confidence is with Garner and as Richie says rightly, is there a point in all of this where the confidence starts to drain away from Salvador Jimenez. &gt;&gt; Garner for a moment lost his balance, but didn't seem in any real trouble to me. There was a bit of pushing going on. Well seen by the referee. It's very exciting down here. Up to you, Carl Frampton. We've seen your car. Carl, what's your view? Yeah, I've garner a male in front. I'll give them every minute of every round. Um, it's really strange here. Evan is doesn't really look like he's hurt that much even though he's been hit with everything but the kitchen sink. Um, Garner so in control here. His work rate is incredible. I mean, I'm going to be very impressed if it stays endless until the end of fate. I'm more impressed. &gt;&gt; The work rate wasn't there in that last round from him, Richie, was it? &gt;&gt; No, it wasn't. Um, but I think overall Garner I mean he he's come to this contest um obviously clearly clearly in his mind he was going to set a a fast tempo, high work rate and he's kept it going. We're coming up nearly to the halfway stage. He will naturally slow down though, Paul, because all boxers do and that may just bring him and is into it. But like I say, how much stick will he have took up to that stage? How tough is he? And remember, we know he's undefeated, never boxed out of Spain. So this is a massive test for him and he was a mile behind at this stage. [Music] An eye-catching show so far tonight from Ryan Garner. Building on the form of the last 18 months or so. But I say again, there's a an edge to his work tonight. He seems to be hitting through the target like never before. And now he's trying to get into the head of Garner. Just trying to He's making fun of his shots there that are missing the target. and he's looking outside the ring. Gimenez to say, "Where did that one go?" But Garner has just got to stick to his boxing. So the signs there that Gimenez is just trying different tactics now to maybe get into the head, make him lose his control. So it's important that he sticks to his boxing just out boxes this kid. [Applause] the vagaries of scoring and if I may be so impertinent as to say especially often in European title fights there are unexpected twists and different interpretations. We have seen one or two scorecards over the years which have defied logic quite honestly but there's no mistaking who's the aggressor, who is the more determined. The only question is how far Garner is in front in the eyes of the judges to this stage because if he uh is in front the way Carl Frampton sees it for example then Salvador Jimenez is pretty close already to needing a stoppage to get the result. Garner boxing well there. Gimnez on the ropes but he's not falling into the trap of of actually getting too close to Gimenez. boxing well at range and him as he's trying to egg him on a little bit as he say well come on then come to me but sensibly and again those are cracking shots they really are at distance there from Ryan Garner and this is sensible boxing and he's got to keep it going &gt;&gt; I could be proven wildly wrong but if it does slow to me that favors garner even more because that's his natural game as a as a boxer from the side dictating the tempo, not fighting at 120 mph the way he did to establish authority and control. He's added that to his game for me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you may be right, Paul. Good round for Garner. his game tonight. Jimenez under all kinds of pressure. Knows the game, doesn't he? He's trying to get inside Garner's head a little bit, Richie. But can he find the shots to back up the games? &gt;&gt; There you go. That's the big question. &gt;&gt; But Gimenez, I think, is still dangerous, Paul. I don't think he's finished just yet. So again, it's a classic case of not getting complacent. Just stick to your boxing, listen to your corner, and concentration in a 12 rounder. That's what's required here. We're only halfway, remember, now it's all gone. He's won every round, but there's six rounds to go and anything can happen. As we know, &gt;&gt; he's got that habit, Jimenez, of staying in contests under pressure. An undefeated fighter remember &gt;&gt; downstairs. Good work from &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a good shot. &gt;&gt; He felt it. &gt;&gt; Felt it, Richie. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Doing his best not to show it, but he felt it &gt;&gt; and he grabs to give himself a little moment to compose himself. different tempo from Garner. Now, &gt;&gt; it will be interesting to see, Paul, if at some stage Gimenez, you know, he'll go back to the corner and they'll say, "Look, you've lost every round. You've got to knock this guy out. You've got to go for it." It'll be it'll be interesting to see how how ambitious he will be then or whether whether he's just content to get through these rounds, but he's losing the contest. He will know that. His corner will know that. And he must be getting weaker with these shots. A couple of signs now downstairs from him and as he's caught him with some good body shots. Just a couple of signs that he's starting to feel it a little bit. &gt;&gt; I go so far having watched him all through his career to say Richie producing the fight of his life so far tonight. But even with that one little mistake, one lapse in concentration as you mentioned, he's got to be wary about all that. &gt;&gt; Yep. you're in against an undefeated boxer who you know has never sampled defeat before &gt;&gt; and he's still in it, isn't he? &gt;&gt; This is this is more of a quiet round though and I I think we're due one, aren't we, from Garner because he has boxed at a terrific pace right throughout the contest. But it just just frightens me a little bit when they're up close like that. Paul, anything can happen with a cut or he's in punching range and that's when he can get caught with a shot himself. But nevertheless, it's all Garner and he's matching and that's a cracking left hook there from him. So far so good. Incidentally, with that cut over the left eye of Garner, he's keeping that left particularly close to it to protect it. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Not many of those landing from him. There's his point of view. Quietest round of the fight. I don't think Garner will mind that too much. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] nodding sageely in the corner there in this &gt;&gt; the inference we're going to take over from here lovely left up there for from Garner super work and then I think some long range stuff here gets caught with the shot there though so obviously um Gimenez a rare shot that he caught Ger with the right hand over the top. But nevertheless, still in it is Gimenez. &gt;&gt; A proper European title fight. High level. Ryan Garner can reach for the stars tonight if he goes on like this and sees it through. Salvador Jimenez still believes he can go out and ruin Garner's night. ruined the night here for all the Southampton fans and inflict a defeat on Garner for the first time in his career. But there's not many who agree with him right now. Away from home, Jimenez given a little bit of a going over in the early part of this fight tonight by Garner. &gt;&gt; Different tempo since around the six &gt;&gt; Richie, but Garner now this is the Garner we watched in the early years, isn't it? on the toes from the outside. Lovely angles. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's he's a classic kid, isn't he, Garner? And I think probably him and as his corner will would have told him that he's going to slow down at some stage, he's definitely going to slow down, but he doesn't appear to be. And I think even if he has naturally slowed, you know, um, so has Gimenez because he's taken the shots. And that's the point that we made earlier that he's taken too many punches and that's going to naturally slow you down and and and tie you out for when you take shots. And he's been on the ball here tonight, Ryan Garner, in every department up close. I like his long range work, but he's very effective on the inside also. He just gives the opponent the the odd shot when they're in the close quarters. But his mid to long range worker for me has been brilliant. Brilliant. Of course, a seasoned operator like Salvador Gimenez at this level, these guys just find an extra spare oxygen tank at times when needed most. I think we're getting to the stage in this fight where he doesn't need to do that. [Applause] I think he's a bit of a tough cookie. I fair play to him and uh he's his guard's not back full. He knows he's got to keep those elbows tucked in because Garner just keeps poking away downstairs and if there's a gap he's going to find it gone. He's an accurate puncher and uh you know he works well downstairs also. There's another one there. So Gimenez knows he's got to keep those elbows tucked in. [Applause] Garner tonight is fighting with the impetus of a man who knows he'll never get a chance in his whole life like this tonight. &gt;&gt; That was a good move, you know, from Garner there. It was actually Gimenez who tried to just turn him and create a bit of space, but then Garner beat him to it. So, it was it was Gimenez who made the move, but Garner finished him with the punch. Experienced referee Prey. He's not being led the merry dance that Jimenez wants him to be led. Him has had a lot of moments looking into the referee's eyes if they to say I'm in charge here. Nobody else believes it. And the referee's not for giving into it. [Applause] [Music] So work on the inside here. Lovely there from Ryan Garner who's up close and then just switched the attack upstairs. Watch it. Watch him there. So he makes the move. He turns him and it was Garner who actually threw the shot. Clever move that was from Garner on the ball. The former WBO cruiserweight champion Chris Benham Smith of this parish here in Bournemouth supporting the Southampton boy. That's what it means tonight for all concerned. The Southampton boss, FC boss that is Levan Uurich in the crowd. An interested observer. The Southampton fans all around him here in this Bournemouth international center. I don't remember ever coming here before, but I'd like to come back. It's been brilliant here tonight. Only problem is if he goes on like this, they're going to need a bigger venue for Garner. He's already outgrown any of the indoor arenas in Southampton, incidentally. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Great atmosphere, great crowd. &gt;&gt; He's doing so well, but he's not there yet. &gt;&gt; No, I mean, this is classic case, Paul, of just concentration now. He's won every round, so Gimenez certainly needs the knockout, but you've got to concentrate and get over the line here. Whether he will go for the stoppage, he probably will, but just keep going. His fitness has been fantastic up to now as Ryan Garner fought at a at a fast pace, high tempo. And yeah, I've been very impressed with him. &gt;&gt; The problem really for him in as well, Richie, we haven't seen much change tactically from him, have we? &gt;&gt; No. Well, yeah, I think he struggled to actually cope with the pace myself. Um, you know, and he keeps getting caught with shots. He's I mean, I don't think he's such a he's not a bad boxer. He's got decent technique, but he's been beaten to the punch ball time and again, and that's the speed element with that lead hand and that long range work. He's found it very difficult. There was an example there. Very difficult to close the gap down. Then he'll have a chance on the inside. But I think Garn has well matched him up close as well. So I think Garn has beat him in every department tonight up to now. One of the great aspects to being a top line Championship boxer is the ability to change tack. Pimenez has not done that. It's been more of the same. the walk forward style, try to land his shots, take plenty almost to try to tire Garner out and then take over and after two, three rounds when it wasn't working, there was no realization that he might need something different. Excellent work again. Garner not falling in his work there. Two or three shots, staying at distance, then going again. [Applause] And if um Gimenez starts to come forward like that, I mean, I tell you what, he could walk onto a real good shot. Could Gimenez? He's trying to what he's trying to do, Paul. He's trying to get up close and then obviously try and land a shot on the inside one or two. So, he knows he's got to get up close, but look, he's been beaten to the punch every time. He's tries to start the attack and he just gets he literally stops in his tracks with that fast jab. An air of desperation for me in some of this work by Jimenez. And he's also using that head richie. The target there all the time is that left eye hoping that he can get away with something. Well done referee. He spotted that. Yeah, &gt;&gt; as we all saw just there. Pushing and using use of the head. &gt;&gt; He's going to try it now though, Paul, isn't he? He's going to try something. Oh, good work again. Garner. [Applause] A boiling cauldron and Garner's performance is exciting everybody so much here tonight. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Good work again from [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Carl Frampton has given Garner every round through nine. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Frank Hopkins has been applying the Vaseline around their eye. It looks slightly worse to me, I will say. But nothing to even now that should be of too much concern. Jimenez has been targeting that with his head as much as with his gloves. God has stood up to that very well indeed for me so far. The job might get a little bit easier now for Garner because I think Gimenez is going to start coming forward. He knows he's behind his corner and I've told him that. So, he's going to go for it. So, it's all about just getting your timing right, bringing him onto the shots now. And uh you just got to just watch what he's doing. Um Ryan Garner, but like I say, with an opponent coming forward who's not moving the head from side to side, then you know, he should be a sitting duck really Gimenez. But like I say, Garner just got to keep it going. Three rounds to go and it's been a shut out up to now. Referee's not happy here. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Admittedly, it is getting a little bit messy, but Garner standing his ground. I've watched nearly every pro fight, if not every pro fight, Rich Reggie, and always admired his talent. And tonight I will say he is showing other sides to his game gardener when he counts most. &gt;&gt; He's he's not going to be pushed around by anybody tonight. &gt;&gt; No, he's um he's well up for it, isn't he? And um &gt;&gt; he's he's performance up to now. The level of his performance. Yeah, this is this is the best I've seen him because this is a you know this is a a hard fight in terms of for the European title against an unbeaten opponent. So on paper this is a really hard fight. But God, he's like he's gone to another level here as Ryan Garner in this performance up to now. He really has has shut out all the noise all around him. The focus is complete from Garner. It's taking him in the direction of victory. Pimenez is uh going to need a bit of time here. [Applause] be careful. No point deduction that I saw, Rich, but &gt;&gt; no, he didn't ded up a point. [Applause] &gt;&gt; To the surprise of many, a harder fight. harder in the sense of the uh clinches, some of the inside work by both men than perhaps we would have expected from Garner who is built up rightly to be a supreme stylist and a great looking boxer. He's shown a lot more than that tonight. Well, I certainly think that Gimz didn't expect Ryan Garner to be as good on the inside as he is and and and literally I mean he's took the fight to him time and again. So he's given plenty of opportunities for like now right on queue for Gimenez to actually land on the inside. But he's been outworked. He's been outworked at distance and he's been out worked up close for me. And that's probably surprised Gimenez and his corner more than anything. &gt;&gt; I think so. And it will stand to him Richie should he come through this into even higher grades to the very top. Stop. Come on. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Only brief flurries from Salvador Gimenez when he needs so much more than that. And he's hardly put a dent in Ghana so far. I'm going to hand it up to Carl Frampton. Carl, we've seen your card. Any reasons to be concerned later on if you are a godless supporter? No, I don't think so. I mean, he hasn't looked like he's been hurt by anything that that has to offer. He looks so in control. What I will say is Gimenez is extremely tough. Like this guy has taken so much punishment tonight, but hasn't really wed allowed Garner the chance to even look like he's going to put him away. But so in control, so one-sided. And that's the edge. If Ger keeps doing what he's doing, he's going to be the new European champion. Thank you, Carl. So far so good. And then some from Garner. Reminiscent of some of Frampton's best nights actually. And certainly the stuff on the inside and proving who's the boss at home. All from the Carl Frampton playbook. All that stuff tonight from Garner. Much more than the stylish boxer. Salvador Himenez has got it all to do. Punch perfect display up to now Paul from Ryan Garner and never looked like you know that he's going to lower the tempo. He's he's he's slowed occasionally which we always thought he would but nevertheless he's picked it up again. extremely fit Ryan Garner. And again, that may have surprised Gimenez. He certainly thought his his opponent would have slowed down by now, but there's been no real sign of that has there from Ryan Garner. The pace going lovely. &gt;&gt; I'm with you, Richie. From the outside looking on from Spain, they probably watched Garner's career said, "Yeah, terrific talent, but he's had his problems." Well documented. Might be a bit flaky when the pressure really comes on. anything but tonight actually. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. &gt;&gt; That's why I say it it truly is the moment of opportunity, the turning point potentially in his career, a potential world level operator, which we've always knew he had the talent to become. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's his first 12 round and all remember Paul. He's gone 10 rounds, I think, in the last couple of contests and he's been in good um form, hasn't he, against Archie Sharp and Liam Dylan. &gt;&gt; Second report stick. &gt;&gt; So, um but this is his first sort of 12 round contest and uh he's boxed really, really well. Rare bit of success there from Gimenez. That wasn't too bad. Lovely defensive work there and the crowd appreciating that. &gt;&gt; That's gone on a Monday morning in the gym doing the warm up, trust me. [Applause] One minute of the penultimate round as in the early stages. Garner looking no further up the road tonight than just claiming the next minute of each and every round. It's working like a dream for him. throwing punches from all different angles now gone as the as his opponent's coming forward again. Threes and fours yet well timed single shots as well going in from him. Just when you think him is going to come forward, he just gets stopped in his tracks with the barrage of shots. Good left up from Garner again nodding for all the whirl. Absolutely fine. I've got this. But uh he's fooling nobody at the moment. &gt;&gt; One more round like this and surely it must be gone. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Listen [Music] to me. Keep busy. Keep your sh everything. All right. You listening? Don't give in. Don't give my life. Don't get greedy. Don't get caught with nothing silly. This is right now. &gt;&gt; It means as much to Wayne Bton and Frank Hopkins as it does to Ryan Garner and all the Southampton fans in here tonight. Don't chuck it away now. The gun shield is out. You know, Paul, there was sensible advice there from Wayne B. He said, "Don't give him nothing. Don't get greedy." Clever, sensible coaching there. He knows his boxers won every round, but there's still one more to go. And uh he's not over the line yet. So, that's sensible coaching there for Wayne B. Jimenez has had a scrolling session in a European Championship title fight tonight. &gt;&gt; However, Richie, even this late, it's not done until it's done. &gt;&gt; No, it's not. And he'll throw the kitchen sink at him now cuz his corner will say, "Look, you got to knock this guy out. Just go for it." Like I said before, if he's coming forward and and Ryan Garner gets his timing right, it couldn't be it could be an easier job. Now the key is is to hit and to move. Listen to the corner. Don't get greedy. Don't hold your feet for too long. Just sitting with single shots or the odd double and then move off again. And he's home and dry. [Applause] There you go. Single shot and move. One, two. Just don't engage. We've got we've got the win here and it's been a terrific display. Up to now anyway. [Applause] &gt;&gt; He ran out of ideas for me many rounds ago. Salvador Jimenez. Sheer willpower not enough. [Applause] Garner on point all through. Building the points round by round. Accurate and classy as we know he can be, but spiky, edgy, aggressive, assertive, the things that might elevate him yet in his career to the very top level. &gt;&gt; That was lovely Paul there. two or three shots and then just dipped underneath and there's that little roll you see. So still thinking of of the defense. What a what an all round performance it's been tonight from Ryan Garner. [Applause] Lovely double left up there body and head. And that hurt him in his right at the start of this 12th round. He looked up at the board and uh it seemed to resonate with him that it was the last round. Now he's into the very last few strides [Applause] and he's keeping his form to the very end of this. [Music] I don't think they hear the bell, but they may see Garner raising his arm in a moment. There you go. He thinks he's done it. We all think he's done it. This place erupts on a memorable night. So many have invested so much in Ryan Garner and tonight he may well have paid them all back. He came so close to chucking it all away, but he grew up as a person at last only just in the nick of time, I might add. He knew he'd let people down big time. Time and again he did it. But eventually he turned himself around. The performances got better. Himz has watched and believed tonight that he could come and put a stop to all that. He was never allowed into the contest. Ryan Garner when the big chance came, he rose to the opportunity. He's always had the class, but he showed different sides to his game tonight. Surely he is already now the European super featherweight champion. And he wraps out a big message from here on the south coast of England. Look out world. I'm on the way. The best performance of Brian Garner's career. No question. And in that last round just showed a bit of class. Really went through the gears. double left ups to the body and head and just just shut the show down really with that performance. I thought overall he started really really quickly. I we actually feared whether he could keep it up but boy did he keep it up right throughout the contest and beat his opponents in every department at long range, mid-range, short range. He really showed it all. That was a the best performance of his career. Tremendous stuff. Remember TNT Sports on the 15th of March, Saturday night from Liverpool, Nikki Balls World title defense against TJ Dohane. And here tonight, we do believe we're about to crown a new European super featherweight champion. Thomas Driver is standing by with the scorecards. [Applause] [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards and all three judges. Daniel Vanil, Bella Florian, and Giovanni Pogy are in agreement. They all score at the same 120- 108. All in favor of your winner by unanimous decision. And now both WBC International and EBU European super featherweight champion Ryan the