Kind: captions Language: en Brian, I think it's only right that we start a word on an excellent opponent as well. Rese mate, very, very good fighter. Look, you ain't got where he is. But the main the other thing, mate, he's very, very respectful. Like the whole build up, me and him, listen, you ain't got to be like, you ain't got to slag each other off to sell a fight. Everyone knew that we both could fight. So, there's nothing to respect from the start and at the end, mate. Like, I got nothing for his whole team. Quality people, good people. &gt;&gt; He was pretty relentless, wasn't he? He really made you work tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, mate. Like you say, he just keeps coming, doesn't he? He just keeps coming. Um, very, very tough man. Very good fighter. Look, you don't get where he has without being a good fighter. So, I got nothing much better. But I just believe I'm with each fight I'm getting better and better. I believe I was winning every round. Look at my last performance. One 121 away. I believe I was going to do that. But that was the kick to get the stoppage right at the end. So, I couldn't be a happier man, mate. Honestly, &gt;&gt; did you think you were getting to him? Did you feel like you were wearing him down, &gt;&gt; mate? Sometimes in there like, you know, like I hit him with a shot and I thought, "Oh, he's gone." But then he keep coming back though cuz that's how tough he is. You know what I mean? But then like at the end like say just caught him and just jumped on him and ref was like it's the icing on the cake like I said mate. &gt;&gt; What's your thoughts on the stoppage? Did you did you feel the ref made the right move &gt;&gt; mate? Listen it's the end of a 12 round. There was it was only 30 seconds of the 12th round and I was believing I was it. He was just standing there trying to trade. I was hitting him with everything. I believe it was the right call but obviously Reese's a game fighter in he would have he would have went out in a shield. Oh. So, listen, it was what it was and I'm just over the movie. &gt;&gt; He was always going to be disappointed with a stoppage because like you say, that's just the type of fighter that he was. Just want to talk about the crowd in here tonight because they were absolutely phenomenal. The noise they almost took the roof off. It was ridiculous, wasn't it, mate? I'm I'm a bit gutted to be fair. Um, it would have been louder in there. Um, I sold a lot of tickets again, but unfortunately, I didn't know tonight went there. A lot of the um a lot of people couldn't get in, mate, cuz they had children under 16. So, I just want to apologize for everyone who bought a ticket, paid their money, and then they couldn't get in because their kids kids couldn't get in cuz under 16. Surely, if they're accompanied by an adult, mate. So, I just want to apologize to everyone who's bought tickets that couldn't get in. I'm really, really sorry. I'm sure people understand. But look at you decorated with belts. You got plenty of those. Now, there's one which isn't on there yet, but one which you've been associated with for a long time, and that is a world title shot. Deserve it now. &gt;&gt; I believe I do after them last two performances, mate. Like I say, I believe last fight, well, I did I won every round. I believe I was winning every round then. So, it's good to just goes to show that with consistency, staying busy, I'm getting better and better, mate. Like I say, I'm 27 years old. Realistically, I'm not in my prime yet, but I feel like I'm coming into it, as you can tell by the performances. So, I'm still young. I'm still getting I'm still learning, mate. So, the only steps next is well, I'm just over the middle. I got four titles, mate. I'm the happiest man alive. &gt;&gt; We spoke about the atmosphere in here this evening. Can you imagine a St. varies world title shot regardless of how many people were in there. Can you imagine just how spectacular that might be? &gt;&gt; Mate, that would be something else. Look, you think it's loud here, mate. Southampton football club are right behind it. Frank Warren's right behind it. We're going to have to make it happen, mate. That would be something for the city and I can't think thank everyone enough of the club, mate. They'd be right backing me on social media getting me on the pitch all the time. So, Sant Club been amazing. Fred Warren's been amazing. And it's the right thing to do in it. St. Mary's, mate. St. Mary's, it's going to happen. I know. I always say, yeah, in every interview, it's destiny, mate. I was meant to win tonight and I meant to fight at St. Mary's. &gt;&gt; Well, there might be a fight in between that St. Mary's fight. And listen, boxing fans, we're the worst in the world for this. We're always talking about what's next. All you want to do is have a rest and have something to eat. There's a few names knocking about. There's your Ansoka Catchies, your Jazza Dickens. Is there anybody in particular that you'd love to share the ring with? Mate, I'm a I'm a respectful fire. I don't I don't I don't ever if anyone knows me, I don't call out no one, mate. I just fight whoever the top name is. I want Listen, I got two beautiful girls at home. Lovely Mrs. mate. I want to I want to earn the most money to provide for them as possible. Give them a nice house. You know what I mean? I'm sick of renting houses, mate. It's dead money. So, I need I need to buy a house now. And I believe I can do that now. So, we're just taking one step. Like you say, I want to spend some time with my kids with my misses, have a little holiday, then then we sit down and have a plan. Mate, &gt;&gt; well, you've done amazingly well. And look at all these belts, but nobody is selfmade. a shout out to, you know, your trainer, your team, people who have been there with you for this camp and the camps before because it's a team effort, right, mate. I wouldn't be where I am if it weren't for my team. I I would have went down the wrong path years ago, but they stuck by me. They helped motivate me. They helped push me and I can't thank my thank my team enough, mate. And like just said in the interview just there, Frank Hopkins, mate, I'm not sure if he'll be watching, mate, but I love you to bits. Vow to tell him if he ain't watching this. I love him to bits, mate. And I'm It's a shame you couldn't be here. You've been here every fight. I love you, Frank. &gt;&gt; Ryan, you're brilliant. Well done. &gt;&gt; Thank you, mate.