Kind: captions Language: en Oh, what's he doing? There we go. Look. Now, now we get more Sam notes in. We can fat in. &gt;&gt; There you go. You get your big fat head in. Sam, I did think because um obviously you took a little while to come back to me and stuff. I thought, do you know what? He's probably a little bit too big time now to to even talk to to your likes of your death sign. I thought he's he's made it now. He's done it. You you ain't going to want to chat to me. &gt;&gt; I ain't I ain't made nothing. I told you day one there, you know. Um I did forget. I ain't going to lie. But luckily I I literally got back from the gym now. So it worked out all right. &gt;&gt; Top man. So you're you're on your halls at the moment. Yeah. You're on holiday. &gt;&gt; I am indeed. I am indeed. &gt;&gt; Well earned. If if anyone deserves a break right now with Sam notes, right? &gt;&gt; Oh, I need it, man. I know that much. I needed it. Well needed, &gt;&gt; mate. So, uh, let's look back. How how are you feeling right now when you look back on that night in Riad? One night in Riyad where you had your shot at the world title. your stock went up but you didn't win the fight. What are the thoughts? What are the reflections? &gt;&gt; Uh you know obviously it's gutting in it. I mean like at first I was real gutted. I still am a bit gutted now. Now now all the dust has settled and obviously I'm away and obviously you got time to think and you it's a little bit it's a little bit cuz it was so close it so close. But say went up and um I'm just looking forward to having a big big 2026 now you know like the names in the mix. So hopefully when we get back we can get our heads together and get a date with a good fighter and then work towards it. Just business as usual. Dev really, &gt;&gt; have you have you been watching it back? &gt;&gt; No. No. I watched it back once. I watched it back once to be it's still quite um vivid in my head anyway to be honest with you. But I'll probably watch it back a couple more times. But it's still a little still a bit sore at the minute. Do you know what I mean? Still wow's still a bit fresh. So, because yeah, the the general like perception from the boxing world is they're looking at Sam No in that fight and they're just seeing this they're they're seeing you rise. There's because I don't because you were an underdog in the fight, right? Because Abdullah Mason's this kid, this wonder kid who who knocked so many people out, Ring Magazine ambassador, all of this sort of stuff. The fact that you did so well in the fight came so close to winning. People are seeing that as a good night for Sam No, but it wasn't right because you didn't win. That's that's that's your mentality. &gt;&gt; No, I feel like everyone wrote me off in it beforehand then and no one really heard of me dev. But I knew I knew obviously it were like I'm not I don't just talk about it. I mean I can fight but I think is obviously stops going up and it's a nice consolation but I still am a little bit glad I didn't get the win but the Abdullah Mason can seriously fight. I'll give you his ding it. Like obviously we went into that fight we weren't capping. We weren't just saying it to make like make it a good fight. I genuinely thought I was going to win. I thought I knew it'd be hard for for the first six. I knew he would be sharp, fast, hard, like his record speaks for himself. But I don't know. I just thought where he'd already been hurt in a fight previous as well. I thought he might fade a little bit towards the back of the end, but like credit where credit's due, Dave, he he didn't to be honest. And it's obviously was close, but he he just sensed it. &gt;&gt; Did he surprise you in there then? &gt;&gt; Uh he surprised me with how how it lasted. Do you know what I'm saying? cuz I feel like normally he come out especially as a younger man you never know like he might he come out go he puts like obviously he's so quick he's putting everything into every shot it might die out of the 12 rounds it 12 rounds is a long time but mate he just he just didn't and I think &gt;&gt; yeah it just it just not took me by surprise cuz I never I never underestimated him I always knew he'd be hard I just thought that maybe I might be that little bit too much mature for him really but unfortunately I weren't really but yeah but for now better play to him. &gt;&gt; Did you surprise yourself in there? Cuz I I've heard you talk about the the moments where, you know, you were a little bit hurt and you looked down at the floor and you thought, "Oh, it looks quite comfy down there. I could have a little rest here." But something in you said, "No, no, you can't be going down." Did you surprise yourself in those moments? &gt;&gt; No. No. Since I was so I think I always I always knew I had that what you call you want to say that dog. I always knew it. But you know, like as a professional, I've had it all my own way. Do you know what I'm saying? Obviously we've always trained hard like we love our sparring but as a fight it's like I barely dropped the round in it. So you sort of get not you don't disappear but you feel like you get out of touch with that sort of mindset you know what I mean? you sort of get into that oh no this is like he's cruising through and it's always like you always getting your head all like wonder if I can take a shot with 8 oz gloves on and this that and the other and overcome it and then I always knew it's funny how your head works cuz I swear like I remember like literally it's like everything went sort of slow motion and I just remember thinking oh that looks that looks comfy down there like you can't I feel like once I feel like everyone has them fights and like them faults sorry and it's like you know when they say the difference between a coward and a hero is one just chooses to act on a certain form in it. So I think that's sort of went in my head and it like I feel like once you give into that that little voice once then that's sort of done really that's going to be your way out. &gt;&gt; Is that part of the training as well? Because you presumably in your training when you're going on these long runs or or trying to run as fast as you can or or do x amount of pads and may maybe you're not you're not at your height of fitness at that point. You have to have those conversations where you think ah let me just do 11 rounds instead of 12. But you sort of prove it to yourself, right? &gt;&gt; That that sort of is how you can replicate. I mean, obviously in that sort of situation, I feel you ain't going to know till you get there. But it is that's the sort of mindset like when you go, "Oh, we'll just leave it there." Or you said you're going to do 12, but you only do 11. Do you know what I'm saying? I think once you that's that's the start of it. Do you know what I mean? You start you got to start doing them little battles in camp where you obviously you're not really going to get damaged, are you? Do you know what I mean? It's different in a fight when you got to bite down with someone trying to eat you. I mean like when you can if you're going to give in in camp and it's like just just through choice &gt;&gt; I feel like when it comes to a fight it's going to be that little bit harder in it but &gt;&gt; you don't really know till you're there really and I feel like such a big stage and things like that and obviously you talk a good game de I'm saying I'm going to get in there and knock him out and see you know what I'm saying you can't just kill over and that but I mean listen I think I come I was coming off basically year out of championship fight as well and obviously we had a good scrap and I think I'm really it's got me if anything more excited for 2026 really. I think it would have been like a smooth sailing for me if id have won it straight away. Do you know what I'm saying? So I think um it just it just really lights that fire and makes me want to like obviously everyone says they're going to be world champ. They're going to be world champ and then I got in a position where I was like this close. So now I'm like mate I'm definitely making it my goal like in life now to get going to get that world title. &gt;&gt; Well now now it's like you you know that you can &gt;&gt; I owe I owe it to myself mate. Do you know what I mean? And I really and not even that just like you know the boys as well like our head they've got a sky obviously she's the world champion but like Lena the male one and I'd love to be the first to do that you know what I mean and I feel like I was the first one to win the ABA for my amateur club and I'd love to be the first one to win a world title for my pro club as well you know so the journey continues. &gt;&gt; Yeah listen and it it feels inevitable now. Now it's just like I feel like you just answered a lot of questions with that fight. You just showed you belong at that level. You are now considered a world class lightweight. You're up there. It's not like Ring Magazine still. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's there. You They still got you in the top 10. They haven't moved you about cuz you lost it. It's like No, he's still there. He's right up there in the mix. So, you you are him, Sam. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm nearly him. I'm nearly him. I'm knocking on I'm knocking on his door. I'm knocking on his door. &gt;&gt; So, what was the week like? Cuz it looked like it looked like a buzz. Even even when I when I saw your ring walk, like you looked like you was ready to go to a Christmas party. You were just buzzing. &gt;&gt; You know, you know what? It's like we picked I remember like driving on me and Sean before like years ago and uh that song come on and I always remember like thinking like you know like when you let your man it was in my head I was thinking I walk out to that you know you say like if I win a world if I fight for world title I'm going to walk out to that and obviously it come up and being strong like going to have to be that song and then uh you know like in my head it's like pitch black and then like just spotlight but yeah you know it was incredible like that's what I'm saying it w it I was just buzzing to be there I had such a good week and it was even like You know them little basketball games at the fair. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know like you went in, you get a big I swear first go. Yeah. We went in I went like that. Boom. Straight in. And we're like that's a sign, mate. That's a sign. Won this big banana thing. Like that. [laughter] And then uh but yeah, we got big banana. Now I need to go get me belt. But unfortunately I just got just a banana, mate. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you've come back with a banana though. Sometimes that's that that means more sometimes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. But um [laughter] yeah, it was a good week. I think like being out there, we had obviously we had a nice hotel out there and then being around the team. I had Paul Paul O'Neal doing my mills and that and then it it was just it was just a brilliant week. I mean obviously we did come away come away second place but it like it was still a real good experience and I had a great time even though I didn't get the decision. It was just a brilliant event like when we went down to Boulevard World and like you see your face up on them things and then obviously like all the boys flew over me mom, me family, me niece and nephew and that and it was good. I mean, my nephew didn't enjoy the fight through much, but &gt;&gt; Oh, bless you, mate. &gt;&gt; I don't like it. Mate, leave. Don't worry about it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um, so, so tell me this. There was in in the fight itself, some of the some of the talk has been that Abdullah Mason fought your fight. Uh, and the idea is that he could have maybe just kept you on the end of a jab or moved about a little bit more, maybe worked to to his skills more. That seems to be an argument that he fought your fight. But is there a feeling maybe you made him fight your fight and that's why he was fighting your fight? &gt;&gt; Uh, I think yeah, probably. I think it might have if he would have sat off it probably might have spurred me on a little bit more, but then you got to think like we catch early on. Yeah. So from his point of view, he's looking at me and I got all blood pouring down my face and he's a big puncher. So he's probably thinking, right, I only need to catch this keys with one good shot and then it's all over in it. &gt;&gt; And I'm thinking like, well, I knew that weren't going to happen. But you know what I'm saying? And that's it's all right seeing from the outside you just keep him on the jab, keeping on the jab, but like it don't always work out that way. And I think um you know me de I always go forward in it. So ain't just as easy as like keeping on the end of the jab. Do you know what I'm saying? So &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; but I think as fan fights go, fan friendly fights go, you ain't going to get much better than that. I mean, imagine if we can come away with fight of the year. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, it would be worthy. It's right up there right now. Have you got any regrets, Sam? &gt;&gt; Uh I don't know about regrets. So, I mean, listen, I put it I left it all in there, Deb. It weren't like I sort of, you know, I mean, they weren't I mean, listen, looking back at it, could I have done more? Maybe throw in flowies a little bit more, maybe thought about setting up, but I feel like with that cut early on, it was a lot of just off instinct, you know, and I mean, that's not me looking for an excuse. Like, I couldn't see properly out of that. And obviously, it was his jab side as well. Do you know what I'm saying? And obviously, that was a quick jab. So, it's like you come out, obviously, Ed done a brilliant job in the corner. come out first 30 seconds you feel right and then you pop a couple jabs there and then like we can't see properly in it cuz I remember like obviously you're trying to get on more of an angle to try and make yourself a smaller target but then obviously I didn't want to put that in in firing range so then I've turned on more square and then like I remember bringing out my hand to try and block it and it come up through the middle with me nose didn't he mate so I think for that happening so early in such a is a hard fight in it you know what I mean is a little bit of a a nuisance really like and obviously No one's fault, but it would have been maybe a different fight without that in it. So, on both parts really, but it is what it is, unfortunately. &gt;&gt; It just like it's actually healed up pretty well to be fair. I don't know if you can see it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's that's that's well on the mend, mate. It's well on the men. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I had a couple cut the stitches out the other day. They meant to be dissolvable, but they didn't um they didn't dissolve. &gt;&gt; Um Sam, what what about these Aruro Gati? kind of comparisons that you're getting. How you feeling about them? &gt;&gt; I mean, listen, I ain't going to complain with that. I mean, me means I got a few more hard fights to come. Bloody hell, but &gt;&gt; some man he was. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. I thought that. I thought that's that's quite good. And there's like an iconic image of you now. It always looks cool. I know. Probably not for you cuz the cut and you've still got it. It does look quite cool when a fighter's like when it's in black and white and there's like blood pouring down their face. You must look at that. if I would have won but I'd have been basically [laughter] always I said I always used to say beforehand he's like when I come world title I wouldn't mind it being like a rocky fight I mean like back and forth like that was and then obviously Eddie Lamb's like he got in the I can't remember what round it was but he said mate you wanted your rocky fight he said you got it now I said I wish I kept me mouth shut mate [laughter] but uh but yeah know it was a great experience there but I mean to come out and although obviously as fighters you hard on yourself for losing in it and obviously is going but you know like especially from the American fan base then people messaged me saying I'm like from America like you gained a new fan and I think in the leadup to it they all giving me a stick in it do you know what I mean and then obviously they've done a little 180 which is nice isn't it but at the end of the day it's boxing someone's got to lose any I ain't um I ain't going to cry about it I mean just roll on to the next one I suppose &gt;&gt; what's next Sam &gt;&gt; you probably know more about it than I do there &gt;&gt; mate I I'm I'm excited for whatever is next. But what what do you want? &gt;&gt; If I could get out in April and then I'm not bothered about dropping back and going back for a warm up fight or nothing like that. I don't feel like any worse of a fight for for doing that fight. So if I can get another like world level fighter, do you know what I'm saying? And then going from there, then we'll see how we get on. &gt;&gt; That's it now. No, no step back. No, you you don't feel like you need to be eased back in kind of thing. &gt;&gt; Listen, I don't I don't If anything, I'd rather just go straight back in the mix in it. Do you know what I'm saying? I don't feel like, oh, I'm unstuck. I've not found my level. Do you know what I'm saying? It would have been different if he would have wiped me out in two rounds. Do you know what I'm saying? But in 12 rounds, cut for nine, &gt;&gt; ain't bad, Dev. Do you know what I'm saying? So, I think straight back in business as usual. &gt;&gt; I guess it's also that that thing of sitting on a loss like it's it's not I've said it before to so many fighters. It's not like Man United lose, they play next week. Well, they'll probably lose again, but but you know, they got a chance quite quickly to get it sorted out. You've got to sit on this for for months. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's good obviously cuz then you can just think like it can just be fuel the fire in it. But I feel like if I can get straight out cuz as an amateur with my coach Leo, if I lost he'd have like lost on Saturday, he'd have me spiring Monday like just get rid get straight get rid of it. But we got stuff to work on. I think we've all learned every like Al's learn stuff about me. We've all learned about everything about that fight. So there's a lot of positives that have come out. Do you know what I mean? So I think I'm although I've come my way, it's like I'm still I'm itching to get back in the gym to be honest. I have been since the fight. Normally when you win you feel like I go away, I'll celebrate. Do you know what I mean? But now I'm like no, I've got there's work to be done, you know? &gt;&gt; Could you see yourself making any changes for for your next fight in terms of anything? Yeah, I think I think I've got to maybe maybe work on my defense a little bit. I think uh but a couple little things in it. I mean, it's hard it's hard to say cuz obviously like he's a world level fighter anyway. He's unbelievable in it. And I think when you you'll take a lot out of that fight. So, I still I know I got things to work on. I've know what they are and I think we've highlighted them and probably when I get back Al's going to sit me down and go through it already. Do you know what I mean? He's given me time off now. &gt;&gt; I think once I get back, then it's going to be um &gt;&gt; going to be all right again. &gt;&gt; What's the support been like from your your family around all of this then? Cuz I know they were they were vocal out there and and the camera kept cutting to them as well. They was living and breathing every moment, taking every punch, giving every punch with you. What's it been like? &gt;&gt; I wish they could have took a few for me to be honest, mate. &gt;&gt; No, I think you know, you know what makes me laugh? Yeah. I think I come I come back obviously I get switched up and they were waiting for me back at the hotel. I come back I got a hug off my sister and that mom weren't there cuz she went back with my niece and then um then the joke started. They were like you look like the elephant man. It was like straight away in it. They were on me straight away and they all called me and then obviously like like you're a loser now you're a loser. My nephew my nephew goes to me he said I know you're a loser but you are a loser. There he goes. Couldn't believe it, mate. &gt;&gt; This this is your your your family have this banter though. I remember hearing something about when you maybe you lost an amateur fight, a final or something, and you went home and your sister had something. What What was it? Tell you tell the story. &gt;&gt; I I lost, didn't I, in the quarterfinals, we drove all the way up to Huddersfield. Yeah, I lost and we drove back. It was the longest journey in my life. I got back. I was like, "Right, d put the bath on." I said, "I'm going to come back and I'm going out." And then uh we got back. She's done a candle lit bath. Yeah. But she spelt out loser in the candles in it. But you got it ain't it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't like losing. I never have done. Yeah. And you'll see from the the next build up to the next fight why. Yeah. But it happens, isn't it? Do you know what I'm saying? It's just someone's got to do it unfortunately. And I think to lose on such a narrow thing and in such good fashion, it just just life mate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I can tell Sam it's lit a real fire in you. I I can see it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't want to I don't I've done it once with the pro. I don't want to I don't I don't want to do it again, mate. [laughter] &gt;&gt; No way, &gt;&gt; mate. Listen, enjoy the rest of your holiday. So, you you're in Thailand, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I am. Yeah. We got here um got here Friday. And to be fair, the uh the time difference have sort of ruined me a little bit. I keep waking up like half 4 in the morning. It's doing me in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, um I I won't keep you any longer. Go and get yourself adjusted to the time. You deserve your break. Rest up. Recharge big 2026 world champ coming soon, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Debie, what's watch his space, mate? Top, man. Lovely speaking to you. Thanks, Sam. That tastes like camera.