Kind: captions Language: en There's a young man sat next to me here who has been called the best prospect in the world. Not just in the UK, not just in Europe, but in the whole world. That man is the star boy, Mr. John Joe Carrigan. How are you? Good, Jay. How are you? Very, very well. That's a lot of a lot of praise, a lot of a lot of pressure. It's good, don't it? It's pressure pressure makes diamonds, as everyone says. And like I've been getting the pressure and I've been performing, as you've seen in my last two fights. You know what I mean? I've I've both stoppages and every way I went looked for a stoppage either. And I can't wait to show you all on Friday night another performance of a a star boy. I love it. We we can't wait to see it. I love the way you're just sitting there just sort of like your hands like you just want to punch something, don't you? &gt;&gt; honestly can't wait now. To be fair, yes, we've got to spar this week. Just just to say this to control I I just can't wait to get in there, to be honest. Uh you're two fights in now. So, two fights, two knockout wins. All gone to plan, everything as you dreamed it would? Yeah, it's weird because obviously my first fight obviously I I after I got in there I rushed a bit. But on me me last fight I said to the coach Sam, "I'll try and get him out." I told him I'm going to try and get him out in the third round. That's why I enjoyed myself and I and like I got him out in the third round when I wanted to. So, it was like Oh, so you wanted it to be in in round three? &gt;&gt; Yeah, well like I well, to be fair, it was I said there I said I want the rounds. It's like obviously I want the rounds. I want to like time in the ring time to learn and like calm myself down and like be a pro, you know what I mean? And like I said I'd get him out in round three or four. I got him out in round three. So, that's what I wanted. So, it's good. Did you did you learn much from that fight then? Yeah, I learned a lot, to be fair. Take It was good cuz I was on quite early, as you've seen, and like and also there was a there was a decent crowd there, but it wasn't like a big big crowd there and like I listened to me coach a bit more. When I on the walk to the ring I just calmed a bit more. It felt like I felt like a pro in there, you know what I mean? It felt It feels like both the fights that you've had, they haven't just been tucking up in the corner waiting for you to hit them. They've actually come for a run. &gt;&gt; Yeah, well he made he had I think it was five and one. Yeah. So, like and like I was talking to him after he he was coming to win, you know what I mean? That's what I've I've been doing like actually I haven't seen him probably since I probably seen him on the phone call right now, to be fair. I ring him every day to say like, "Oh, can you get a fight this, can you get a fight then?" And then like he'll go, "Oh, yeah, I'll look at your opponent." So, I asked him for like "Have a phone like I've got a fight back and I'll try and win." Like I think we had a fight I don't know what his opponent is now. I don't even heard his name and I mean that, to be fair, but I'm guessing he'll be a well we'll have a winning record or something around about that. So, it's good. It's good. It it bring out the best in you. You I think anyway. &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously I've obviously me and him have a pedigree. I always boxing like the top top lads in the world, you know what I mean? And boxing them has bring the best out of me so far. So, like I mean, why why go back down now? You know what I mean? Like trying to work my way up again. Every everything seems to be going well. Tell me tell me about this Shelly Finkel link up a little bit because he doesn't doesn't mess around with any any old fighters, right? I mean, in terms of fighters that I know that he's been with like Mike Tyson, Deontay Wilder, Willy Hutchinson, and yourself. I'm sure there's probably others along the way as well, but how did that come about? Well, to be fair, I finished the World Games and obviously I was like Ah, should I turn over now or should I wait and maybe box for another Europeans? And I'm not winning the Nationals like when I like another year Nationals. Boxed once in the full Nationals. I was just like To be fair, I didn't The love was gone in the amateurs, you know what I mean? Just like also what what I wanted to turn pro. So, like I just feel when I was talking to William and I William said like, "What are you thinking?" So, I said I'll I'll turn over soonish, you know what I mean? Soonish. And then before I knew it this American man rung me. He was like, "All right, Shelly Finkel." At the time I was like, "Who's Shelly Finkel?" You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; didn't know who he was? So, like I half played it off on the phone call. I said, "Oh, yeah, I'll give you a phone back." You know what I mean? I was training with I was I was like still training with John John John John me coach at the time, John Stubbs. And I was going, "Do you know what it is? Make it he would even he said like, "Oh, just be he they said you get loads of people chasing you and this, that, this, that." And I actually said to him, "It's called Shelly Finkel." So, when we looked on it before I know it it's like he's managing Deontay Wilder, he's managing this. And he was ringing me a couple of hours after he rung me. And I said, "Shelly I think he rung you." I said, "Yeah." I said, "Yeah." I said, "Yeah, actually yes, so I ended up giving a phone call back. And then I went on like he said he he even he said you should turn over now or I'll still like said, "Well, maybe box for Europeans." He said, "Turn over after Europeans." But then like I had a few weeks training and I would just fall about it. I thought, "Yeah, I need I need to turn over now. It's the right time. It's probably the best thing I've ever done in my life, to be We're so glad that you have cuz it means we get to see you on on these great shows. What's the relationship with Willy Hutchinson like? Because he's I think everyone can agree the guy's mad. He is absolutely crazy, right? But you you get it more up close than than we do. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's just someone I actually from Carlisle. He's living in Carlisle now. I've always knew him and obviously as an amateur he was unbelievable, as you've seen. And his unbelievable prizes. But I was one of me good pals, to be honest. I've just walked in and he's downstairs there. He's &gt;&gt; Okay. absolutely just He's not even boxing. He's probably got the best vibe in the ring, you know what I mean? He's just buzzing. He loves his fighting. He's Yeah, it's just it's as I said it's his happy place, isn't it? So, he loves it. And so do you. Yeah, I I love I don't know what I'd do without boxing, to be honest. I honestly wouldn't have a clue what I'd be doing without boxing. Well, best of luck to you on Friday night. It's great to see you, mate. All right. &gt;&gt; Bye.