Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we continue with six rounds as scheduled and it is a international lightweight contest. Brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry Promotions along with their great sponsors 32 Red and Uni Bet. Our timekeeper is Dale Elliot. And when the bell rings, our referee in charge and scoring this contest will be Hugh Russell Jr. Introducing to you first fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing silver with gold and black and weighed in officially at nine stone 10 lbs. Coming to us from Sao Paulo, Braasil, he brings a professional record of six wins, 10 defeats, five of his six wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Jonatas de Oliviera. [Music] and his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing green with silver and weighed in the same as his opponent. Nine stone 10 lb. Hailing from Cork, Ireland, he is undefeated with seven wins. Four of his seven wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the takeover, Stephen K. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Okay, fers. You know what I expect? Protect yourselves at all times. Obey my commands at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck, lads. &gt;&gt; Well, it's a big night for Steven Ken. a homecoming of sorts, having boxed in five different countries in his first seven professional fights here in Belfast. Queensbury debut wanting to make a statement tonight. And he's got some fans in here. They've had about a six-hour train journey, I'm told, from Cork. And this is a big night, Richie, for Steven Kent. &gt;&gt; Yes, he'll want to impress, won't he, tonight? But at the same time, Fletch, you know, if you look, his record seven and0 and he looks pretty impressive um with those four knockouts on his record also. But yes, this is a big night for him and he'll want to impress. He'll want to look good and he'll want to try and get this guy out of there early. He was only had one stop defeating Isaac Low back in December of 23 last year. So it's a it's a tough night's work for him, but he looks good up to now in terms of his record and the knockouts that he's had. Black and green trunks for Steven K. Only six wins in 16 contests for the 28-year-old Brazilian Yonus the Olive Vera. He's been beaten 10 times and Ken can do things quick and it's a body shot that puts him down. Richie mentioned the fact that Isaac Low stopped him. He stopped him with a body shot and that was a cruncher and I don't think he's going to beat the count. He's not. &gt;&gt; It's a knockout. It's a backflip. It's the celebration and the man they call the takeover with a statement stoppage win on his Queensbury debut. For the second time in his career, the Olivera stopped by a body shot and that one was vicious. Well, he said he wanted he needed to look impressive tonight. You couldn't be more impressive than that, could you? What a super body shot that was. Great left hook to the body. Started the attack off to the head, then switched downstairs and whipped that left hook under the the elbow of his opponent into the ribs. What a belting shot that was. And this guy, like we said, had only been stopped once, Fletch. So that's pretty impressive indeed. Let's have a look at it. So he starts off to the head. Couple of head shots. Look, and then whips the shot downstairs. So that's literally those head shots take the attention away to what's to follow. Couple of jabs, right hand, watch his left hook. Bang. There it is. Right under the elbow and into the ribs. the Oliver slight delayed reaction and thought, "Oh, couldn't recover from that." That was impressive, Fletch. &gt;&gt; That's impressive, too. What I would say is don't try that at home. That's not something to do in the living room by any stretch of the imagination. &gt;&gt; What the left to the body? &gt;&gt; Well, either either actually. Very good point, Rich. Um, so that's another stoppage. It's a fifth stoppage. Four of them have been first round stoppages. Steven Kent can get it done early. He wanted to make a point tonight. He has done. Let's get confirmation from Thomas. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 56 seconds of round number one. Our referee in charge, Hugh Russell Jr. reaches the count of 10. Therefore, your winner by way of knockout and still undefeated, the takeover, Stephven Kes. So Steven K gets the win in spectacular style. That's the way to mark your Queensbury debut. They call him the takeover. If he carries on landing shots like that, they might need to call in the body snatcher. That was very impressive, Becky. [Applause] &gt;&gt; So Lee, the referee. This is the ninth fight for the unbeaten Irishman Steven Ken, but just the second time that he's fought under Frank Warren's Queensbury banner, having debuted for them in Belfast in June with an impressive first round stoppage. And I would just suggest you keep your eyes on it. Four wins in the first round and five in the first two rounds for Steven Ken. Gregor though has only been stopped twice. Uh they've come though in his last four fights and he is on a bit of a losing run himself but he's another explosive fighter that we can enjoy tonight. Richie Steven KZ most certainly starts quickly. Um he's got a lot lot of skills and and decent power hasn't he can um against an opponent who um he's fairly tough. He's only been stopped twice in the 15 defeats that he's had. So it'll be interesting to see how Ken's goes about this one. He comes into this into the contest full of confidence. eight and0 up to now remember boxing very well indeed but he's he's got he's got decent power flex but I also like the skill element about this Steven Ken is very good indeed well the difference between the two is the tattoo on the arm for Steven Kes and the gold on the white trunks so five stoppages in eight victories for the man from Cork who's still only 22 just the three wins for Gregor who's based in Spain these days but He hails from Argentina. 15 losses in his 18 fights to this point. Sensible start up to now from Ken. Just working away with his jab, measuring the distance and gap and just getting into a rhythm behind that lead hand and just &gt;&gt; Yeah, just assessing that distance there. And then he moves in. Bit of an injection of pace there, but it's all to do with that lead hand first flex to set things up. just made Gregor scamper across the ring. &gt;&gt; Just showed a little bit of quality there. Did KS because Gdz come forward but he just adjusted his feet a little bit. did cans just to maintain the gap. That's what he did there. So, Garez is he's struggling here. Fletch way off target with that shot there. &gt;&gt; And again, Kane's just measuring the distance with the lead hand, setting up the back hand and the bigger punch. &gt;&gt; There already looks quite a difference in class between the two of them, doesn't there? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Yeah. 30 seconds or so to go in the first round and Ken has got his measure to this point. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just taking his time and being patient setting things up. That's what KS is doing. And Garez, I think he knows he's in with a quality opponent here cuz he's all over the place, especially with his feet. [Applause] Wonderless smile on the face of Steven Kenz who enjoyed the first round. [Music] stop. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [Applause] That's Dave Caldwell doing the talking in Steven Kane's corner. He says he's the model professional and I think there's a real excitement of how good he can be when he reaches his physical peak as a fighter in a couple of years or so. He trains in Rotherham in the week. He goes home at the weekends and he's boxing in London Steven Kes for the first time tonight having had his first eight fights in six different countries. Richie, the last three in Usbekistan, Denmark, and then Belfast in June. He's he's traveling around a bit. &gt;&gt; Yeah, indeed. &gt;&gt; Which is good experience, isn't it? At the end of the day, [Applause] &gt;&gt; he's and he's coming. He started really well, I think, here. Ken, it's a sensible approach and he's just getting into his rhythm now with Steven K. And Gregoras is he's all over the place here. Fletch and he's coming undone. starting the attack there from too far out and he's going to get punished here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we've got the punch stats on our screen and they told us at the end of the first round that Gregor hadn't landed a single punch. No, &gt;&gt; it seems at the moment when Steven K wants to raise the pace and make this really interesting. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And going to go can't get close enough. See, he he tried to land that right hand there from too far out, misses the target and gets punished. Ken's on the other hand, sensible approach using his jab, measuring the distance and gap to set up his back hand. And there just it's like they're in a different league these two at the moment. Greg got probably, you know, he's making these types of mistakes, starting from too far out and probably in the past he hasn't been punished, but here he's in against a very um wellkilled operator in in Steven K's who's punishing him for everything, all the mistakes that he's making, then he's just um exposing him really. Gregoras to this point has had no real desire to throw punches. It's all been around trying to smother the work of Steven Kane and keep him off into the final minute of the second round. This one scheduled for six at super lightweight. Just got to pick his shots here now. Fletch, I think the signs are there from Godz that you know he's struggling. He's being outclassed here. So, he's just landing the right shot and setting setting it up really. Decent body shot from Ken. It's probably the most solid shot that he's landed so far. &gt;&gt; Another one whipped in as well. You You heard that. &gt;&gt; That went just above us, wasn't it, Fletch? And you certainly did hear it. Almost felt that one. [Music] Just starting to raise the tempo towards the end of the second here. Steven K where he started to get a feel for it and just find his range. And that's a good end to the round for the Irishman. [Applause] [Music] We need [Music] welcome back to York Hall. Instructions for Steven K. from Dave Caldwell, but the bulk of it, Richie, centered around the fact that he's bending over at the waist, Gregor. Now, I think Dave Caldwell would like to see him take a step back and use uppercuts and those kind of shots to get more leverage. Yes, I agree. Um, and just basically maintain the gap and don't let Garees hold on the inside. I think what Steven Ken needs to do now is probably just step it up a little bit. Go through the gears, double up the attacks and start throwing threes and fours rather than the single shots and trying to land that one big one. I think this fell is going to come undone anyway. He's been totally outclassed. He looks out of his depth in there. Does Greg Godz? So, it's all about now just stepping up, going through the gears, but maintaining the gap is really, really important now. And that lead hand comes into play again. There's the shot there. And that's what he's got to do. just get into a rhythm behind that and then step it up with threes and fours and take the guy out. &gt;&gt; Statistically speaking, he still only landed three punches. Gregor, and it's interesting listening to what Carl and Steve have been saying between rounds about the way that journeymen go about it, the way that opponents go about it. We've seen Martinez come tonight and have a real go. We saw a Campo looking to frustrate Christian Fetti in the previous fight. But the way that Gregor has gone about it here against Steven K. There's been very little ambition in there. &gt;&gt; Very little ambition at all I think Fletch from him. But everything he has tried, he's been punished for when he's made mistakes. And again, you know, it's just a matter of time. The only problem for Kane's maybe could be because Greg got is moving away from him all the time and won't come on to the shots. But nevertheless, it's up to Ken's now to go through the gears and start throwing threes and fours and concentrate on accuracy. And there, that's much better. Right on queue. Halfway through the third. Put him in the category of a frustrating opponent, wouldn't you? Ezekiel Grigores to this point. He's done an awkward style smothering Steven K whenever he can making it difficult to land a really solid telling punch on him to really turn things in his favor spending the entire fight going backwards. There's that left up to the body but I'd like to see that right uppercut come into play as well. Keeps dipping his head groves. &gt;&gt; So he's just got to start using that right uppercut a little bit more. There it is. There's a decent shot. A good left hand. Just got the knot of appreciation from Grigores. Landed sharply by K. 30 seconds to go in the third. &gt;&gt; I don't think it'll take too much of an attack from K to really discourage Gregor, Richie, do you? No, that's what I mean. Sustain the pressure and double up the attacks and just go through the gears. start putting the the shots together in threes and fours and that would really then ask some questions of his opponent and also the referee may then feel obliged to step in. He's starting to throw those uppercuts as well that Dave Coldwell was asking for between rounds having success doing so and that's another straightforward round in there for Steven Kane. [Applause] Think good work again from Kane's there. Sharp right hand on the inside. This is where he's setting up his attacks with his jab. Little short right hand on the inside there. Just misses with the left hook. Greg is fairly tough. It's caught there with a couple of punches on the inside, but it's all cans, isn't it? But we need now to see him go through the gears a little bit more and listen to his coach. One thing you do see when you see those replays is how difficult he is to catch clean. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. &gt;&gt; 10 seconds. [Music] &gt;&gt; The last win for Gregor, by the way, was back in December 2021. Campbell Hatton and Michael Gomez Jr. have both beaten him. They actually took a round couple of rounds off Gomez though when they fought in Bolton back in 2022. &gt;&gt; Three to go here at super lightweight and one-way traffic for Steven Ks up to now. &gt;&gt; Decent jabs again from KS. Yeah, Greg GZ soon as he starts an attack he gets punished doesn't he from KS who's just waiting to pounce literally I just like to see him just step it up in terms of the work rate tempo Fletch oh that was a nice shot downstairs [Applause] [Music] pretty clear. If he bends over, don't hit it. But if you do, I'll send you out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [Applause] I'm glad that Lever's done that though, Rich, that he's gone across to the other corner and said, "Look, that's enough from you as well, bend it over all the time." &gt;&gt; Yeah, bend it over all the time. Just a little bit of frustration, I think, from K's there. &gt;&gt; But, um, maybe that right uppercut should be brought into play a little bit more from Ken's most certainly. But again, Garez is is proving awkward, isn't he? But it's that uppercut, I think, that that's needed here more than anything. And then finishing on the left hook also. There you go. [Applause] Mystic Richie tonight. Everything he says happens in an instant. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hasn't been too much work to the body overall from Steven KZ. But when he has thrown the body shots, Richie, they they've had an impact. They have indeed and they're the ones that will definitely um have more of an impact I think &gt;&gt; especially if it's thrown and he's not wait he's not waiting for it or not expecting it. That's why they just work to the head a little bit more and try and bring the hands up and then whip one downstairs underneath that left elbow especially sorry right elbow especially with that left duck. cuz he seems to be just expecting them now and that's why he's look you can see him actually took his elbows in. He knows they're coming. So you've got to take the attention away from that shot now and maybe concentrate a little bit more on the head to Brian try and bring those elbows up a little bit. &gt;&gt; Closing stages here with the fourth cuffing shot there from Steven KS. There's that body shot again behind the elbow. Left hook as well to finish off the combination. &gt;&gt; Well, Sam Oaks is top of the bill tonight. His brother Sha is here as well and he's with Danny Jameson. [Music] That's Sha Noes chatting to Danny. Expecting a career best performance from his brother Sam. Top of the bill tonight. And I just wonder Rich how much he took from his previous fight against Ivan Mendy. We were here. Great learning fight for him. 12 rounds. He was very very good that night and that's going to kick him on. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah, he'll have learned so much from that fight and obviously you know he's on the verge of a world title fight. So, he'll want to look good tonight and I think he'll take that experience from that Mendy fight into this one and I'm expecting an explosive display from from him tonight. He's up against Jeanluca Sheglier who's challenging for a European title for the second time. Before that, we've got Massud Abdullah against George Stewart. Two unbeaten men for the vacant Commonwealth featherweight title. bats next and the conclusion of this fight between Steven Kane from Cork, the 22y old and Ezekiel Gregor of Argentina. &gt;&gt; Well, we you can see Fletch why he's only been stopped twice, Gregor. He's he's fairly tough, isn't he? And he's he's difficult. Well, I think once he he knew that Ken's can can hit a little bit. He's on that back foot. He's always moving away. Then he's hard to nail sometimes. He's his head is all over the place. his footwork is um all over the place also. So yeah, he's a really awkward customer and a difficult man to actually get a real clean hard shot on because of that that unorthodox movement and that you know his head is all over the place and yeah he's an awkward customer indeed. &gt;&gt; I think that's the perfect description. I'm not sure half the time he knows what his movements are himself. He's very very unorthodox in there. The clean shots that KZ has landed have all been body punches, haven't they? He's not really caught him clean to the head, I don't think. Not with a a really impactful one. Whether he can set up a a finishing attack via the body, we'll wait and see. Little bit more than a minute to go in the penultimate round here. Every round has followed a familiar pattern. Yes, it's been one-way traffic. Um, and you can see that probably Ken's now occasionally you can see a little bit of frustration creeping in. That's when you just got to revert back to your boxing and just up the tempo. And sometimes you'll meet an opponent who just takes everything single shots and that's when you've got to go through the gears. This is a little bit better. That's a better shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's one of the cleaner head shots that we've seen from KS. And just looking at the punch stats, he still only landed 14 punches. Gregor, &gt;&gt; yeah, survival mission indeed for him. But again, look, there's an example there. Really low head, comes up with the uppercut and left hook. &gt;&gt; Just a difficult man to nail. The &gt;&gt; shots are coming towards Ken from all kinds of outrageous angles. And then when he misses, he just smiles to himself. Gregor, final few seconds here of the fifth. [Applause] One of those nights, Richie, where you get the win and move on. I mean, he Steven Kent won't want to see too many more opponents who go about it like Gregor has tonight. So frustrating for him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, frustrating. Only his ninth contest, remember? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] So there's Masoud Abdullah. Final pad work for him. Won all 10 fights. Vacant Commonwealth featherweight title on the line tonight against a man from Invenesse. 22-year-old George Stewart who's unbeaten himself. [Music] &gt;&gt; I tell you what would be fascinating after this listening to the Dave Caldwell debrief when they go through the fight &gt;&gt; in terms of what he learns and from a night like this. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And they'll obviously go back to the gym and they'll work on it. And like I've said, occasionally you meet opponents like this where you're hit with big shots and they just come through it and you know it gets a little bit frustrating in there. But I just think we've said it earlier on, didn't we, about I think it's been volume of punches that probably would have been a would have been better as the contest has gone on. He's concentrated mainly on those single shots downstairs, but this fell is fairly tough. There is another one there. Look, &gt;&gt; I think the credit to K at this point is he's stuck at it, hasn't he? Stuck to the game plan. He's done what he needs to do. He's never really shown any frustration himself. He's just gone about his work in a very business-like way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And Fletch, you learn from these type of contests. boxers who move away from you constantly, you know, it's a different approach. Then you've got to try and get them to come over the front foot. When they do, you've got to meet them head on. So certainly a learning contest this is for young Steven K. and obviously Kane's boxes out of Ireland. Um, Fletch, but on the British scene, there could be some real good fight, big fights down the road. the Jack Capsules of this world, the Dalton Smiths and Aara Davis, Prince Battal some real good fighters. Josh Taylor, of course, Gregor is calling him in. Steven Ken obliges with a solid left hand, but Gregor said, "I'm okay. I'll have a little bit more." Less than a minute to go in the final round. A little shake at the head from the tough man from Argentina. Yeah. Starting again putting his work together now. Better Steven KS. Lot of quality in his work. You know, he's been well schooled. You can see that he's got excellent technique. Just caught him on the top of the head there, but he's able to escape the corner. He's still only landed 17 punches in the fight, the Argentine, and none of them to the body of Steven Ken. He hasn't taken a body shot through just about six rounds of boxing tonight. &gt;&gt; Fair play to Greg Gores. He's a tough man indeed. &gt;&gt; Well, there's the bell and there's no doubt about the scoring. There was a lot of chirping from the Argentine in the final round. He suddenly decided he wanted to try and talk his way to the final bell. But that very much goes down in the category of a good learning fight for Steven Ken. It's a win. There's no doubt he went about his business well, but wasn't he frustrating as Ezekiel Gregor? &gt;&gt; Yes, indeed. And you know, you come up against these type of opponents occasionally, but he will learn from it. An opponent constantly moving away from him, making things very, very awkward. He's difficult to get to. So, yes, he'll learn from it. Go back into the gym with his coach Dave Caldwell and work on a few more things. But he's definitely got a lot of quality there. I love his technique. I think he's got decent power, and he's a decent boxer, Steven Kes. And at 22, I think he's got a big future indeed. &gt;&gt; Well, no doubt about the fact he's going to get his hand raised in a minute or two. He said he wants to be busy now. He's with Queensbury. And he also made the point, the fact that he's got experience of boxing in as many different countries as he has will inevitably stand him in goodstead with that experience as the career goes. Okay, so let's get the result. Here's Dev, ladies and gentlemen. round in your referee in the sports contest 1654 to your winner the Irish takeover Steven K. So Steven Kes wins again. He won all six rounds. That's probably the easiest scoring that anybody's going to have tonight. One-way traffic. Not a great deal coming back from the man from Argentina and Steven Ken Becky gets another winer on the top there is good you know. Okay, boys. Know the rules. Obey my commands. Tell it to break. Break clean. Okay, boys. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Well, here we go. Bout number two of the evening. &gt;&gt; Only three people left in that ring. &gt;&gt; Steven Ken's boxing in those green, gray, and white shorts in the orthodox stance. and Kirk Stevens in the black shorts with the red trim boxing in that southpaw stance. &gt;&gt; And there is that signature left hook to the body which Kent has already started with &gt;&gt; Stevens just trying to rough Ken's up a bit there. &gt;&gt; He's come up faring is he? &gt;&gt; He is Steven. Yeah, he's come up far normally. &gt;&gt; He's meeting him in the middle, isn't he? start of slow normally, but he's come up fine. So, he's obviously very confident he's come here to come for the win. &gt;&gt; Good defensive work there from Ken and then just whips in that left hook around the right glove of Stevens. &gt;&gt; Just slowly taking his time when he can't here. Good footwork there from KZ. Just &gt;&gt; makes him miss with his feet then fires that left hook of his. Trained by Dave Coldwell. So most certainly in good hands. It's &gt;&gt; a nice control start from Kane, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It is. He's just feeding his man out here. That's it. You got It's an eight round fight here. So, he's just first round just feeding him up and I'm sure as it goes on, he's going to go for the kiss. But there's a great round there. Good right hand straight down the pipe there from Steven Ken's &gt;&gt; and he just is putting it out there to us in the arena just kind of everything about him is that he he's showing he's in control of this and he's trying to make sure that his opponent is aware of that as well and Steven still want that front foot &gt;&gt; just trying to find a way in more than anything isn't he Nathaniel. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he's just trying to old man him and you know make him think about what's happening, rush him, you know, grab and hold and throw them we short shots and you know Steven Karns is relaxed and it looks like he's just keeping his cool. His lead hands doing all the right things against the southpaw. He's he's thrown over that hook and stuff over the jab. So, yeah, it looks like he's he's well in control. &gt;&gt; Good shots to the body there from Kent. &gt;&gt; And a slow and steady opening round in this bout, but seven more rounds to go. So, I'm sure we'll see him up the tempo. Ryan, I'm talking about Ken's there as as the rounds go by. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I think it's only the first round. It looks like he was just feeling him out and as you can see by the end of the round there he was slowly starting to get judge his distance better and he started to unleash a bit there. So as it starts to progress on the fight I think it start whipping him in as you see with the body shot towards the end and um Stevens didn't look like he liked some of the shots down below. He certainly came with a fud but a phrase which we use a lot is about getting your distance or gauging your distance. Nathaniel, so like for people listening, when we talk about fighters doing that, what what are you doing and how long does that take you to kind of get where you need to be in terms of where your feet are? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Some people do it very quickly and and others it takes a round or two to work it out. And the fights like this that are eight rounders, you're not really in any rush, you know, eights, 10, twelves, you can you can take your time to work out what your opponent's doing. Um, you know, Stevens is is a quite jetty, quite, you know, he's a we bit all over the place. So, it's it's it's hard to work that out. Opponents like that, even at like the last fight we were talking about with Henry Turner, he needs to Oh, lovely shots. He needs to work out what's happening there. But, &gt;&gt; you know, we commented on Karns before and and Liverpool, he's a vicious body puncher and I expect to see that, you know, come out in this fight and definitely slow Kirk Stevens down. &gt;&gt; Well, going back to what you were saying earlier on, Nathaniel, about a bit awkward is Kirk Stevens. Sometimes they're the harder fighters to box, aren't they? &gt;&gt; Yeah, by a mile. Um, you know, Brian said that about the boy in the last fight. when they don't know what they're doing, you can't work out what they're doing because it's not orthodox. It is unusual. It's it's possibly something you've never seen in the gym before. You're like, "What is this guy doing?" And it might take two, three rounds to work out rather than just the one or it could catch you totally off guard. &gt;&gt; Well, Kane's putting his shots together nicely here. &gt;&gt; He's very relaxed and very calm there, Ken. He think he's just looking for that opening. He's slowly taking time. We know he's got eight rounds here, so he's not rushing nothing. But yeah, he's all around well school jump. He's he's not uh he's not crumbling under pressure, nothing. He's taking his time. He's just extremely confident in his ability, Steven Ken. And I think when you go about your game in the way that he does where he is the ultimate professional, &gt;&gt; he rightly so should be walking or getting getting through those ropes and feeling like that. and he kind of oozes that confidence in the right way. &gt;&gt; But Steven's still on that front foot. So he's not backing off or just trying to find somewhere to hide, is he? &gt;&gt; No. And he's actually in very great shape himself. So that confidence and your own work comes from the work you've put in the gym. And the both of them are in incredible shape. &gt;&gt; It's a good observation. He is. I think a lot of the, you know, difference here between these two is Stevens is trying to force it and force it and force it. Whereas &gt;&gt; Ker's work is comfortable, relaxed. He's not trying to force anything. He's he's not even loading up his shots at all, but they look powerful. [Music] &gt;&gt; Nice body work there from K. I think you felt that he did there. But like you say, it's a good this is a good learning fight for Khan. He's got an opponent here. He's going to come win. He's got an undefeated record and he's not going to be someone who's going to bowl over. So, he's going to give him rounds and he's going to make him think. &gt;&gt; Stevens giving Ken plenty to think about here. He's always on the move. He's always doing something. Shoulders are always moving. His hands are coming out even if they're not throwing punches. &gt;&gt; But Ken's in full control, Nathaniel. Yeah, these are the fights you want. You want a guy to come out and and throw punches at you and you can show, you know, not just offensively, but defensively what you can do. And, you know, he's doing that. He's we step backs lovely. He's he's whipping the lead hook over um Stevens's jab and you know all the shots he's throwing are you know pretty much spot on and accurate and like I say you know at the end of that last round we've we've seen Karns before and he's a vicious body puncher and he's he's shown that you know again in this round and it looked like he'd hurt or if not hurt you know gave Steven something to think about. Ryan, how much or or how far do you hold back a fighter like Steven K who's &gt;&gt; he seems to be moving at quite a pace. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I don't He's a very good good fighter. He's a good amateur. I don't think you can hold fighters like him back too long. And obviously he's from the do Dave Cowwell gym. He's sparring good fighters in that gym. Do you know what I mean? So he's getting all them learning rounds in the gym sparring. So I don't think he'd hold him back too long. You can't progress him too quick, but still he's good good fighter all around. He doesn't waste no shots. So I think see after this fight you can start progressing them on a bit more. &gt;&gt; Well, he's still got a live man in front of him, Kirk Stevens, who he's constantly on that front foot and he's always trying to find a way in. And he's getting through &gt;&gt; with bits and pieces, but Ken does look the the fighter who's more in control and he's landing a more accurate fudding shot. And like you said, Nathaniel, he did call one of his fights in Liverpool the end of last year, I think it was, and he's a he's a vicious body puncher. And when he wants to let him go, he really can let him go. And just as I said that, that right hand came out of nowhere. &gt;&gt; I think you need to give credit where it's due here for Kirk Stevens because yeah, even though these shots are hard and thin, he's he seems unfazed and he is still super tough. And while it's not the most aesthetically pleasing or you know nice style to watch, it's it's getting the job done so far. And he's he has putting them together and he's not absolutely there's some shots just like those two there from Ken. But Stevens just keeps walking forward, doesn't he? He has a big inhale of air and then off he goes again. He is one tough guy. Looks like Steven starting to feel it a little bit now. Like the pace and I think the body shots that um K has been landing. I think he's slowly starting to get to him a bit now. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And Stevens is getting caught a little bit more just as the kind of minutes go by in this fight. I guess for him he just needs to just stay as alert as he possibly can and don't walk on to any of those big fing shots which Ken's can throw so well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he looked like he put quite a few into him earlier rounds Steven because like you say he was coming forward he was trying to trying to put onto Khan. So might put a bit too much into them earlier rounds and I think as we ruck going on now he's going to start feeling I believe Khan is going to get the job done earlier. I think I mean, &gt;&gt; correct me if I'm wrong, guys, but it just looks like as Stevens makes his way in and he just threw four or five shots at 20 seconds ago, but Ken just seems to kind of neutralize those attacks, he soaks them up, doesn't he? And then he just goes back on the attack himself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And, you know, Stevens is making the mistake and he's not actually punching his way in. He's trying to kind of walk in and then punch when he gets there. And he's leaning in a lot. And you know, KS can just sit back and kind of watch and see what's happening because he's leaning on his head, you know, like so there. &gt;&gt; He's got a cut in the top. He's not Stevens. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he's slowly slowly breaking down. Stevens can't car slowly breaking him down now. &gt;&gt; And I don't think within too long in a couple rounds, you start seeing him wearing him down really really good. So when you do see someone when you know you're wearing them down, you've got Reese Bloss there in the 12th round in your last fight. Your last fight with Lee McGregor finished. Was it the fifth round? &gt;&gt; Fourth round. &gt;&gt; Fourth round. I stand corrected. Can you see that you're starting to get to them? Can is there what is it about a fight which you can see? Is it their body language? Is it just like the way that they're breathing? What is it? &gt;&gt; I think you can just generally tell if you've hurt somebody. um whether they they take a step back, they might go on the aggressive to try and cover it up, they might, you know, make a facial expression. It really is that simple. For me, Lee's legs took a dip in a new, you know, um it's kind of different different thing wearing somebody down whereas Ryan kind of wore wore a lot down and and got him out there late. &gt;&gt; Yeah. K bit K can't K can't K can't K can't be able to tell um that Stevens compared to what he was in the first couple of fights couple rounds sorry he was coming forward more he was more sharper and now he's he's a bit slower on on the on the attacks and he and he's walking on to a lot more shots than he was earlier on and I'm sure Khan's come start realizing that and he's and as you see what he's got a cut on the bridge of his nose and he come back to the corner that the end of that round a bit more slower than what he did earlier on &gt;&gt; he landed a good body shot there Stevens &gt;&gt; he did yeah sunk that in nicely &gt;&gt; I think it caught K's off guard a little bit actually. &gt;&gt; Oh, see that was a good shot. That was a good shot. He f He jabbed down to the body then and brought it over the top there. That's what he needs to do. Slow head, body, head and bring in the attacks there. &gt;&gt; Well, he did get caught of that right hook over the top from Steven KS. But &gt;&gt; yeah, he kind of fainted to the body there. Keep triggering him out cuz like you say, he pulls his shots out that Stevens does. So K needs keeps triggering out and then and then counter as he as he throws out them sloppy shots back &gt;&gt; there like you do there. See just that little step back as he throws because that that Stevens tends to flow throw some lazy shots. Do you know what I mean? And K just need to step that back the counter there. &gt;&gt; You know lovely for Karns as the punch variation. and he he probably threw every punch in the book there, but you know, it was it was a lead took over the jab. Then he slipped on the inside and then he was deciding between a body shot and a lead uppercut and you know, he's hitting with every shot that he wants to really. &gt;&gt; The good thing about Khan's there, he's so relaxed. He's just on the tip of his brain and he's so relaxed. He's not phased about what's coming back and he's so relaxed and it leaves good openings. You do get the sensation that &gt;&gt; Kirk Stevens is really feeling these shots down now. &gt;&gt; Yep. Even when you see somebody complain about things like that, &gt;&gt; but the referees Mark L calling account here. Kirk Stevens not happy with that, but he tells him he's happy to continue. And I'm sure Steven Kes will put his foot on the gas ever so slightly more now. Yeah, I wouldn't say that was an up thing myself. &gt;&gt; It wasn't the neck down, but it's just his whole body language. He kind of he kind of do you know what I mean? He's getting a bit more lazy if you if I'd like to say. &gt;&gt; I think he's starting to feel the pace here now. And the shots shots that have been landing is starting to take his toll. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. And it just looks like Stevens is is putting a lot of effort into punching here, whereas K is just &gt;&gt; relaxed. Yeah, he's &gt;&gt; and as Stevens is getting &gt;&gt; fatigued, she he's kind of falling into &gt;&gt; his shots in a bit of a sloppy way, isn't he? And that's where he's getting caught. &gt;&gt; Lo said earlier, &gt;&gt; Stevens kind of pauses shots out and it looks like it's so easy for cars just to take that step back and counter as he's been doing. &gt;&gt; But a bit of showmanship there from Steven Kent. And as things stand, I'm not sure this is going to go the the whole way. Ryan, what about you? &gt;&gt; No, mate. As I said, like a round ago, I didn't think it would take much longer. They had a couple rounds to take cuz Steven is starting to slow down. He's pouring those shots out and now K is starting to be able to unload even more, landing them power shots from body to and head. So, it's starting to take his to. I don't think it'll be much longer if I'm honest. &gt;&gt; What's Dave Cwell saying to him, Nathaniel? &gt;&gt; Probably just telling him just keep doing what you're doing. Keep your cool, keep your distance. Um, you know, if it was me, I would be saying he's starting to get a bit reckless. He's starting to fall in now. So, just watch his head, watch his arms, watch his, you know, elbows and stuff and K is doing everything right. It's really hard. &gt;&gt; There's no need for him to take any risks, is there? It's just plenty more of the same. &gt;&gt; Just pick pick the shots you're picking and you will get him out there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, KS don't need to rush in there anyway. Like you say, you got to be careful your head, the elbows, the shoulders. But I don't think he needs to rush in here cuz Stevens, he throws them sloppy shots and K's just got to be patient. I I believe he walk into stop him anyway. There's no point risking nothing. &gt;&gt; Let's see if we can do it. But the extremely tough Kirk Stevens is just come out for this round. And to be fair to him, straight on that front foot, &gt;&gt; but he has got to be careful he doesn't get hit with &gt;&gt; anything as he kind of falls in and he makes those attacks. See you. &gt;&gt; Keep drawing them in, drawing them in. Then bring the big shots off it. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, get a bit closer there. That body shot's there all day though. If he needs to get his range a bit closer there, cards, &gt;&gt; he's looking for that lead hook under the right elbow, isn't he? Yeah. See that's lovely body shot. &gt;&gt; See? Yeah. And that was an excellent body shot. Heard it. You heard it land, but it was a delayed reaction. You heard it here landing from ringside. And it was a good shot. &gt;&gt; Do you know what &gt;&gt; is Mark L going to let him continue? He is. I don't know how long there. It's a long time left in this round. 1 minute 40 to go. And Steven Ken knows that he's got Kirk. Stevens hurt. He's just got to be patient here. not do nothing stupid and slowly pick a shot and I'm sure the knockout will come. There you go. Lovely shot again. Absolutely brutal left hook to the body there and that's it. Excruciating pain being felt by Stevens and he looks at his corner and gets himself up. &gt;&gt; But the fight is over. &gt;&gt; That was lovely work. Lovely body work there from KS from mixing up from head to body. &gt;&gt; And there is a a back flip to finish it off. Signature back flip. I'm kind of jealous, mate. I wish I could do that myself. &gt;&gt; Next fight, Ryan, we got to say I'm going to break my neck at the end of it, I think. &gt;&gt; Solid performance there from Steven Ken. But hats off to Kirk Stevens. He is one tough man because it took a lot of shots before he started going to the canvas, didn't it? And heavy shots, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. And he done well to get up from that first body shot was was solid, you know, amongst all the others he took. So he done very well to get back up from that and he was still pressing forward, you know, regardless of the shots he was taking. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I think that was a very very mature performance of Steven Cards there. He mixed it up well from body to head. He he was at the tip of his range. He was he was never under any pressure. Jeremy was very relaxing there. So I think that was a a well scored performance &gt;&gt; and for anyone who's ever done any sort of boxing those kind of shots those under the you know those liver shots are just horrendous aren't they? Uh can comment sort of caught with one. I heard it here from ringside. You know it was a delayed delay reaction. We heard you heard it him sink it in from here. So if you can hear it from here I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure you felt it. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; Well good to see both fighters embrace. But Thomas Triber has the official time. So we shall head over to him now. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 40 seconds of round number five. Our referee Mark Lyson waves it off. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout and still undefeated, the Irish takeover, Stephen Car.