Kind: captions Language: en Because this is how I'm a fight week is here. You're very calm, very relaxed, very happy. Do you do you feel good? Ah, do you know what? I'm I'm just happy the training is done. Yeah? Yeah, man. Training comes to tough. Is it true what they say about fighters? You can enjoy the fight now cuz the camp's done. Yeah, the hard bit the hard bit is done. Like training for the fight isn't like when you're in school, the test bit is the easy bit, ain't it? It's the studying for the test that's the hard bit. &gt;&gt; that. I don't know if the test is always easy. &gt;&gt; Really? Tests could be hard. Yeah, but stud- you know what? Conversation for another day. But I've yeah, the the hard bit's done now. It's just like the fighting bit. So, I'm I'm happy that like yeah, I've gone for another camp uninjured. I think the relevant here [snorts] is that the test that you've got on Saturday is Jermaine Franklin. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And he was sitting here a few minutes ago and he was saying, "I'm not just here to be a test. I'm here to to to give Moses a whole lot more than that." I don't care what he thinks. Have you seen him around? Have you &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did you see each other at the basketball last night? Yeah, yeah. How is How was me seeing him at the basketball game? &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. It looks like Jermaine Franklin. So. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Do you see anything? Does anything happen when you come face-to-face for the first time? &gt;&gt; No. Do you know what it is? Like I don't I just feel like in the boxing game you don't need to hate someone to fight them. Like you can't fight off emotions because um it's like if you fight off emotions, like let's say you fight off a off a off a fire and then you lose that fire, does that mean now you lost your ability to fight? Um I feel like I'm I'm very I'm able to perform underlining my current circumstances if that makes sense. So I don't need to hate someone to fight them because it's [snorts] for me like boxing's um it's like a chess game. So as long as I'm uninjured. You'll be looking for checkmate in a pretty full [snorts] arena uh virtually sold out co-op co-op live in Manchester. Mhm. How do you prepare for that knowing that in a few days you're walking out for thousands of people? I don't prepare for it. Um I kind of just let the let the I don't know, pressure kind of sink in or whatever. I just you know what? I've never felt it. Like I don't really know how to how to describe it. Like it might just it might be a hint on I'm not caring. And I think I think that's I think that's the case because I've done everything I can in camp. I've I couldn't have done any more. So, if I go out there and lose, it's just is what it is. God didn't want me to win that day. It's interesting interesting way of looking at things. I just I just want to because I know I know it's a busy a busy day. We've got press conference coming up shortly. I just want a quick look while we've got you the the wider boxing world and what people are saying about this fight and other movements in the heavyweight division. Um I saw a clip of Carl Froch uh which I don't know if you've seen yet where he's saying he backs you against Anthony Joshua. That's cuz he just hates Anthony Joshua, though. Do you not Do you not listen to that to that noise? Is that just commentary around you or do you do you watch that stuff and does it give you ideas? I don't really know. I don't really know what to do with that information. I just yeah. I feel I've I don't really I think someone might have told me that, but like I said, I know Anthony Joshua and Carl Froch got their back and forth going. So, he's just trying to throw me in there and I'm like, "Hey, I ain't part of this." You know what I mean? Fair. We've seen some talks online Dave Allen and Filip Hrgović. Mhm. You know, people will always try and make fantasy fights and what happens if you win this and he wins that. Do you look at these other fights and think that could be an interesting fight, the winner of that one? I mean, Dave Allen won't fight me. &gt;&gt; Um no, I mean, he said it himself. So but Hrgović, yeah, that could be a good fight. What about the other big fights on the scene at the moment? Wilder is over. &gt;&gt; Big fights, very big fights. &gt;&gt; Usyk, Wilder, Dubois. Do you have a I know obviously there's a connection with certainly Fabio there at least. Um do you look at those fights and think, "Okay, I need to be looking at the winner of those and thinking what happens next?" Jermaine Franklin. Jermaine Franklin first? &gt;&gt; Jermaine Franklin. The one other question that I'm going to ask you then about the other heavyweights in the space is we saw Jared Anderson sign with Queensberry yesterday. That was announced. Big name from America. Lot of lot of potential in him and his career. Is that something that potentially happens down the road that maybe either he comes over here or Moses goes to America and Do you know I actually someone told me about the Jared Anderson signing with Queensberry yesterday and I was thinking I wonder if Frank's signed him from to fight me. Long-term strategy. And I was like, yeah, and I was like could do one fight in the UK, one fight in America. That'd be good. That's the kind of thing that I'm I'm happy that I'm happy that he's like he's back on his feet, though. Because um must be tough, ain't it? And like I don't I don't really like to see um prospects not fulfilling their potential. Mhm. And um whether he will be a opponent of mine or not I don't I don't I'm happy he's back on his feet and like maybe one day when it makes sense, we'll have a fight, ain't it? I like that. Um Moses, let's wrap on the fight that's on Saturday. What happens in your fight, Moses T and Jermaine Franklin co-op live Manchester live on the zone? What happens? What happens between me and Jermaine Franklin? We're going to get in the ring, going to punch punch each other and hopefully he don't get up, ain't it? Thank you very much. We'll see you Friday.