Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I saw um I saw two guys yesterday when I was coming to Manchester and oh you fight with Smith D and um they said it was a close fight X Y and Z and I said yeah but I didn't win you know what I mean um and I said just in the other room there my sister my little sister rang me and she was say I was by so that's kind of what I remember from it. I remember the fight and all that, but the main thing is my little sister was really upset about it. So, that's what's sticking in my mind right now. I always tell people that the loss for me actually was it was interesting because I had the same people around me um all the times that I won and the times that I lost as well. So, it wasn't if anything it was for me to see that oh the same people around me were still there. it it wasn't a reality check to say okay cool you need to stop being around this person that person I didn't experience that I always made sure the people around me were there from when before I started anything or before you ever heard of our name do you know what I mean so for me it was just reassuring and reinforced the people I around me what was interesting is that the I met a guy in a trainer what he said was that Kellum just won Josh and I said yeah I said he I think he won he said yeah but because he had lost before and he knew it was his last shot. He said that gave him that extra push. So now knowing what defeat tastes like, I know that if on a close fight, I'm hoping they'll push me forward, but there's a lot of work to be done, which is what I'm aware at the moment doing. &gt;&gt; And of course, you just signed with Queensbury Promotions. How did that come about? And why did you choose Queensbury? &gt;&gt; Um, with all their big shows going on, you always hear about the shows. You go to some of them, you see the fights that are being made and you look at the promoter behind it. tends to be Queensbury. So, it wasn't a a difficult decision to say. &gt;&gt; You feel like Frank Warren is the man that will kind of propose to that world title? &gt;&gt; He said he is going to be the man. So, when you get him here, you got to ask him that too. I win this fight. Just the work that I'm going to put in my faith and ability, but whatever it is that happens in that ring, I'll show up and I'll come out on top. &gt;&gt; How highly do you rate him? What he made of his career? &gt;&gt; Mainly, I said he's a good fighter. So, that that that's all I can say about him. um having assessed or observed his career or followed it closely or anything. Um he's just an IP in front of me. So yeah, I'll do my research whenever, but for now, this is who I got to get. And um he's a good fighter. Like he's I think he's top 10 in the rankings as well. So he's a good fighter. That's who I'm thinking about and and that's who if you talk about light heavies. Yeah, there's a lot of them, but that's the main dude that I need to get out of the way. &gt;&gt; I I like being this side of the promotion to be fair. I like being the underdog a lot. people doubt to me. That's why I'm at the best. And uh it gives me that extra fuel in training and uh yeah, like I say, I'm this is a fight I'm excited for. Been waiting for a big fight and um a lot of boxers will be jumping at a chance to be headlined in Manchester. So yeah. &gt;&gt; What is it about? We might see that where where you feel you can win the fight. What is it that you fancy? Have you seen something or are you just backing yourself in? &gt;&gt; I always back myself. Um obviously see you see a few things. Um, obviously I won't go into detail about him. Uh, but yeah, like I say, I always bat myself in fights and whoever I fight, uh, I go out there to win. And, um, like I say, this is a massive fight. I think it's a mustwin fight for both of us. Um, because you don't know where the loser going to go after this. Um, we're all we're both in our um, 30s now and uh, whoever wins is looking like to go to a world title. So, that's what I'm that's what I'm looking forward to. Yeah, I feel like I'm only just coming into my prom to prepare and I feel like people's not in seen 30% of me. Um, and like I say, um, I've been waiting for a massive fight to show showcase that. Yeah, obviously I'm always thinking about every fight. Every fight you got to win. Like it don't matter who's in front of you, but like like you say, it's that extra ture bit I want to sink my teeth into. You know what I mean? Um, win this and it's a lot of money on the line after this and sets my family up for life. Um, this that's who I do it for, my family. Uh, I don't do it for all these fans. I love them come all come out and support me, but that's what I'm doing for to secure my future. I don't need to think about what they're going to do. Um, if I'm think about what I going to do, I'm going to be I'll probably close up until Ber. Um, I need to just think about what I'm going to do in the fight. Think about what game plan we're going to take into the fight and just execute it. If I execute to a tea, there's no beating me. It should make out for a good fight cuz like I say, it's must win for both of us. He's come off a loss and we're both like coming into a mid vertage, you know what I mean? So, that's how much we'll win. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I'm confident. I'm confident. It's nice to kind of uh look, I'm I'm the one in charge for a change, you know? I'm I'm carrying the marbles and um yeah, look, it's nice that, you know, I've got Queensby backing me now and getting on these big shows in my hometown and uh yeah, it's a little local derby as well, so it's extra incented. &gt;&gt; What do you make of I was going to ask you about the kind of Manchester rivalry as well. I believe one of you City, one's United as well. Is there a bit of, you know, that kind of Manchester rivalry getting bragging rights in the City? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100% 100%. You know, um the the football thing probably not so much because I'm a Stratford Lin most of my mates, you know, H fans. So, um, yeah, they've all got it that they're going to have to support a blue for the night over a red, but lot the the, you know, not very often these type of fights come along when, you know, these these two fighters at this stage in the career from the from the same city and, you know, they actually end up fighting. So, um, yeah, definitely a fight that kind of gets me excited. And when it got put towards me, it was, you know, the fight that made the airs on the back of my neck stand up. And look, I you know, it doesn't really matter, but I want to have fagging minds. I what I say. Look, I won that fight. I'm I'm I'm the king of Manchester for the night. You know what I mean? Like it it does mean a lot to me. I think I want it more. I think I'm hungry. I think if it comes down to to that type of fight, I don't think he even wants to win as much as me at this stage. You know, I still I feel like, you know, I've got I've got a lot more a lot more to give. You know, he's been he's been at the top. He's been at the top. He's boxed the likes of Bible, the likes of Yard. He's been on these big Saudi shows. You know, I've got I've got nothing to offer apart from the last fight. You know what I mean? I've got I've got a lot more to write in my story. So, yeah. I'm I'm hungry and I know I'll win in this fight. The last few years have been a struggle. Been a struggle. I've had no promoter backing me. I've struggled to get big fights. I've stayed ready. have stayed active on on small hall shows and uh lot I feel like this is what I deserve. I feel like this is where I should be should have been for the past few years. So um yeah, it's nice to have to have that backing and it's nice to be in a stable with so many of the best like heavyweights in the country. Um so that's why I want I want to be in these big fights. I want to be in these big domestic fights against the best lads and if that's what I want then greens the place to be. What did you think when you offered this uh Brad Ray fight? Is it someone that you had had your eyes on before or? &gt;&gt; No, never. Obviously when it when it when obviously after the after the yard fight, get a loss, it it's good to get back in the swing of thing with a big fight. You can you can I've done that before where I've come back when I had a year out last time. I come back and a few get back into it fights, but this time I'm not that I fought in April. So this is not that far ahead and a European title is a is is a big fight and it's not it's back in Manchester. Not fought in Manchester for years. I'm glad I'm glad from the obviously with the first fight um the first fight I won and and he he said that he you know he he wasn't he was going through it. Second fight I I had problems. Um third fight we was both 100 100%ers to say and we we both went in there and give it give it our best. And you know, a lot of people think I won. I've watched the fight back one time. I think I won by one point or one round. Sorry. I'm I'm glad I gave a good fight and I'm glad I gave a good account myself from from the second fight. Funny enough, I always knew I was going to fight him like so not not in the sense of I beat him, just in the sense of he looks like the best in the like in the live bring him through. That would be a good matchup. And like you said, the respect the respect is definitely there. I tried to I tried to look back and think, wow, come a long way from from from from the debut or even from before I even started boxing. Like to think that I've come from just walking in the gym at 18 19, which is kind of late in in boxing and to say I boxed around the world with Great Britain team and with my professional, you know, SA London, here there and everywhere. It it's hard to look back now if I'm still in it and see what I've actually accomplished, but sometimes I try is I've come a long way. &gt;&gt; You've experienced some of the some being on some massive cars, being fighting on some big events. Do you think that will help you against Rad cuz he might not have been &gt;&gt; I mean, I've been I think I've been at higher level obviously when he he's he's just coming up now. I've been I've been in big fights. I've been in the trilogies. I've been in I've been in 12 round fights. Many of them been in with the best in the world. I've still got I still got a lot left in me. I don't I don't I don't think I've been in many fights. And obviously Brad Ray, Brad Ray, you know this, he's got the European title. He's got European titles, three quarters of the world. So no, we get that. Your next step is is probably the world again. &gt;&gt; You've sparred a few rounds. Um, what have you kind of taken from those rounds? How highly do you rate him? &gt;&gt; That's a good fight. Look, I I don't think you can take too much from sparring. Sparring is sparring. People get dropped in sparring. People get hurt. People might have the best spars through camp. I guess I'm I like I like to think I'm one of them. I I perform in a fight much better than a spa. Um, so I don't think you could take You can't take much from sparring, but like I said, be familiar. Familiar. I think it' be a good fight. United are not doing the best at the moment. I've got to got to come and save the day. [Music] [Applause] [Music]