Kind: captions Language: en I only got out of hospital Saturday night. I was suck in last week. Um was like proper ill. Um Thursday got rushed in. I was like vomiting eight times, sick, everything else. So um I was 15 stone 4 at the beginning of year. I'm 12 stone 10 now. And um the vomiting got me straight in. I was weak as pissed. Couldn't drive to hospital. Someone took me and um soon started vomiting the blockage. The stent had shifted again. So put the sten in on a drip the whole lot. And then I was begging them for him to let me out Saturday night cuz I want to get home and watch your fire and Rodriguez and I can't sit there and be oh and this is just like you got I'll be wiped out this evening this afternoon and then I'll be on the track with them later on tonight but you've got to do it. I'm doing this for you. I'm giving you all my all when I should be at home resting. I finished my ke I'm supposed to be putting on weight and being on holiday for the big OP coming but I'm not. I'm here. I'm stressed and working and pushing and um I want the best for them and I'll go two for nail for them. But I want that back and that's all you can do. And that's that's how that's how it is really. Peter Johnson good fighter good fighter. Ga in John Fury out Steve Walker for the British. Eric no good fights good fighter Humpy Harrison recovery passed away Morris Frank Phil the offshoots of Phil going on what he harbor [Music] his song just beat Joe Bury So I'm going so the gym has never really changed. Same set in here. Everything's still the same. Do you know what I mean? So I've been in here since like 1989 90. It looks like it's the first day of summer. Yeah. Yeah. Works. We don't use for people at night time. Everything gyms. Everything's still the same. Nothing's changed. Still the gym colors, everything else. machine. We've just It's a shame really. We just turned out upstairs. Oh, before we go in here, do this show in here. This show was in 1993. This was when we were at the top. We couldn't get TV for this show. On it was the four British champions, Cal Thompson, Paul Burke, Morris Core, and Frank Gr. And we had England versus USA SummerSlam on it as well. Steve Walker was fighting Neil Haddock at the time which was the Jinx British Super Feather Championship. No one could defend it. They'd win it but lose it. Don the Card Foster the Viking, Nick Boyd, Eric No, and Mar Pepper. And we did that on a Sunday afternoon and we couldn't get television. Couldn't get it on the telly. Wow. That's that's just criminal. And it was after that stage. Then after that, I think Phil had done a meeting with Frank and Frank was on about listen. I'll do something with Frank. he would have fought Joe Mlelen and then the others and everything else. So, um yeah, what happened then? Mickey did a show on the same night where Frank fought Billy uh Neville Brown and Paul Burke did the rematch with Bill the show two different venues. Phil come in the same place twice. He asked him how to go and do Paul Burke for him. You know what I mean? That's how that relationship started. Also in here as well is uh this is a huge library of videos of boxing from way back from the 70s, 80s and 90s. There's like 540 and my job was always to mark them up was always to mark up. You get them up. There's a tape number on it 143. They'd all be listed. You get the book and then you go to it 143 and it'll tell you who'd be fighting on it. So there'd be ABAs, there' be central area types, English title, fairies, they got Jay Gallagher tape 10. So yeah, so Haggler tape 12, all this. There's like hundreds and hundreds of fights, amateurs, pros. It's like Self is here now and we've got Pat Barrett on here in the ABAs and stuff like that. I was I was wondering who still owns a VCR. I found out it's Joe Gallagher and there it is. Yeah. Yeah. Know we we used to have a double one at the time. So we used to have it and then record it again for everyone else double play and all that tape from one to the other. That's the camera that was above the ring that used to film. How old is that camera? You see it? Is it still filming now? It's still filming. No, no. Uh no, there's different cameras we got now. But um this put this on. But we got cameras around the gym. So when I come in here, they think they're not working, but all up security on there. But there's nothing ever um lost in the gym. But like you said the BCR the history Manchester um library I got to come and transfer all them over. Black used to be the job in the office. So he sit with Phil and Phil used to say right what you see and I go this he says you're seeing it like Joe Public sees it. Look how many times is he moving to the left before he moves to the right. So as I said I had my Oxford and Cambridge here. But I mean as in the daytime working here with Phil then coming down watching training the pros everyone that was fighting at the time then back upstairs I was tickets then at night time I was running the amateurs so Levi won a school boy title and then he got called up to box England school boys and I got the letter said to England Le said don't let him why he's just won the school boys don't let him he said if he's good enough he'll get picked again he'll be burnt out g somewhere off and lo and behold he got box then picked up so fulling England down to London and a big show but just that where one rushes to an England schools rest and a kids face burnout too young too soon it's just having that around your you had a prince yeah especially amateurs and pros and like you said Joe Murray went to the world's got bronze medal went to Beijing Olympics had ADA champions I mean Foster twice only trainer there a few times boys club champions of Burton school boy club ABA champion Lev high schooler Danny Cole and my kids are always getting to John Murray We got to a school boy final in his seventh fight. Fought Gary sites then fought Burk in the ABAs and we always got there in 10 12 14 and five. So but what you haven't had yet is a world heavyweight championship. Well no I think people come into your life for a reason. I think Lawrence Kohley was one of them last year where I had one foot out the door and it g momentum and drive and Barrett's coming again and I think himself has nailed on. Got to be a world champion. Um he just needs momentum. He's just fought now. He's got to fight again. Lawrence had two fights last year and that's why I understand people see him as a bit of we're not sure about him because he blew two kids out but he was underdog for Poland and he won and the kid that he fought in November no one wasn't sure he wasn't a bad kid and we blew him out so they say oh he's rubbish but he isn't I mean he rubbish them kids were rubbish that we took care of business now he's stepping up newly sat on the number one and waited but we got have a fight with Kevin Lean and people know more about it but I had a go at um Adah is always on talks And he never mentions Lawrence. It's always Moses a tumor, Fabio Wler, and god knows Dylan White. And the people who don't mention all the time is Lawrence Aola, Joseph Parker, and there's another heavyweight that he doesn't really mention much. And I've just seen you're sleeping. And I've inbox messaged him directly saying you're sleeping on Lawrence Aola, you're supposed to know boxing. You don't mention him. He's twoe world champion regardless of what and what. And I've sort of said to him and I asked my person there when he wins world title I'll make sure you lost in the queue for interviewing him because you never picked him or did him or anything else you just called this way this way AJ Tyson and that's not how it is you understand they're not giving him his props are what it should be giving credit where it's due so it's WBC number one is Chis D two white world champion world champion in 16 yeah so that's shots for short build by next door and we got to turn that into a cafe fresh and all that stuff for this. So Phil's office. So you look in there that's Phil's office. It's never ever changed. So behind it on the right where that big sign is there that used to be the TV plus it used to be an electric chair but my desk was over there. Ensley Binghams was there, Fingery was here, and then all them books behind him, he's got all the British boxing yearbooks by Harry Mullen, 82, 83, 84. That's never changed the history and the forward was in there. And then up here, we've just now got rid of all the old machining that's been here since 83, 84. Stacked weights. We're having all this kitted out now. Bring it up today. We are mean weights. But these were the machines that had phone numbers on that. They didn't have 01. It was 024 the proper stacks and Joe you sit down it's the proper stat machines it's like if you're on Venice Beach for god's sake what I mean but we're getting it all done out now definitely putting new stuff in for the SNC coaches coming here doing it but um yeah it's just got so much history when you think about who's been here bro all them fighters and like of late now that that everyone's wanting to use the gym when they're in town for the big shows you know what I mean we just had Babosa in the gym who's fighting Jack Catrolu who's Sanchez we've recently the uh use of them, but they're always coming in wanting to use the gym. And because the gym and it's locked downstairs, we just let them get on with it and leave them to it cuz you know when you go abroad, you don't want people watching cameras and all that. Just leave them to it. So, it's good that they're using the gym again and for the kids to see that the gym's being used. Has the gym had a heavyweight champion before? No. No. No. That's amazing. The um K No. Who's heavyweight? K cruiserweight. Heavyweight. We had one heavyweight. I forgot his name. I was see Marcus Morris. Morris is in Jamaica at the moment. But there wasn't heavy. We've had a couple but never really fulfilled and carried on. Mad kid from Wolves one point but no heavyweight. So I just what I feel like getting heavyweight world champion and then it's like um Champs Camp, Moside ABC. We've done it all now. Like in Champs Camp. So we're just a product of what we went on before us. So it's like continuing Phil's legacy. So for champs camp then to have had like two ring belt champions blah blah blah but to now a world heavyweight champion from Manchester I know we have Tyson Fury but from a champs camp Mosai WBC especially WBC world heavyweight champion it's just it's just uh it'll be brilliant for the community and the area and everything else as well. Um, yeah. So, and I've said to Lawrence when he came here, this is what I call like Apollo's gym. You got to prove yourself when you come here. You know what I mean? You're surrounded by a lot of young hungry fighters that are looking up to him and he has to inspire them and he's got to prove himself and you've got like Mikey Talons, Clark Smith, Shuy Malones, all them kids, Billy Dennis, Josh Holmes, all them kids and they're are looking up to him, but they got to inspire him and he's having to work as hard as them. I mean, he's got a load of young blood around him which motivates him. But um yeah, for him to to bring that back a world heavyweight champion from Champs Camp Mos side, it'd be like unbelievable. So So that's one of the goals left, you know what I mean? So that's it. That's where we're full on going. Like I said, we might win this and obviously belts get vacated or whatever. It'll be Kabiel for it. And that's a huge heavy hard fight. So um they're all hard. Some a little a little bit easier. I I would have loved to have u listen Derek Shazor in a mandatory position. He's uh I'm sure everyone will be chomping at the bit to fight Derek or Dylan. Joyce, we've asked for all of them fights. Um regardless what people say, they all turned him down. Joyce wouldn't have it. Dylan wouldn't have it. Not surprised the money they're getting offered for fighting the people that they are fighting. Lawrence, I said she was an unknown quarter. But it's down to him and no one else to perform. He's got the spotlight. He's got the stage. It's out to him to make a statement that he's a WBC number one. and he's going nowhere and people to be fearful of him and you heard me inspiring today telling it to him. So, uh, he he's got to prove himself just as he had to do in the Apollo gym. He's got to prove himself here and I think he likes it. He comes here, stays in Manchester, tracks there at Manitter, gyms here and his SNC's there. So, he doesn't have to go half a mile either side of the city center to where he needs to be. It's a bit different to training in Dubai. 100% different Dubai not listen being out Dubai and it's training their facilities but there's too many Instagrammers team team tracksuits call them team tracksuits um there's too many and too many people and the whispering you next thing you're involved and everything else and too comfortable and he's Mrs. just become a dad again. Misses like 2 3 weeks ago. So, it's good to pull him out of that environment and get back to hard proper graft. Do you know what I mean? Where um he isn't in that and no one's really bollocking him and where I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] giving him how it is to understand and uh there's no messing because at the end day, Lawrence, you'll get beat, but I'll get the stick and it's not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my fault if you're not even Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. But that's the point. But it's just like, well, I'm not taking your stick. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] told you plenty of times. You know what I mean? So, um Yeah. So, it is what it is. But that's what's keeping me going at the moment that Zela and that the bunch of young kids coming through. But, uh, I think at the moment when all the kids might not be on the telly all the time, like I said to you, but they're learning the craft. And when they get to n 18, 90 and on, they'll be ready. 20 to learn, 20 to earn, and they'll be ready. And we'll fight the kids that are on the TV at British level at English level and we'll be ready. Do you know what I mean? Your energy seems just like like I've seen you train a couple of times like Mark He and that I've seen you around around those guys. When you're with Aoli, when you're with the guys today, Zela, Sparring and all that, you're nonstop. So much energy considering what you're going through as well. Well, it's funny. I only got out of hospital Saturday night. I was suck in last week. Um was like proper ill. Um Thursday got rushed in. I was like vomiting eight times, sick, everything else. So um I was 15 stone four at the beginning of year. 12 stone 10 now and um the vomiting got me straight in. I was weak as pissed. Couldn't drive to hospital. Someone took me and um soon started vomiting. The blockage the sten shifted again. So I put the sten in on a drip the whole lot. And then I was begging them for him to let me out Saturday night cuz I want to get home and watch your fire and Rodriguez and stupid in it. But the consultant always say uh you got to stop planning your boxing around your appointments because I put back when Mo just fought in Riyad I put back the appointment to the Monday when I got back from Riad instead of going fight week even Turk was annoyed at me. He said no you've got to do this do that. So um but it's just that's how it is and it's just I can't let that control me. And like like today I was like Saturday night came home shattered yesterday get back out watch Kevin Lean start studying and then in today because I'm leading by example if I come in the gym today with the energy and enthusiasm and everything else and they've got to and every now and again I've thrown I don't say the cancel line but every now and again go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell and stay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] riding I've got more engine claring but you understand you just got to get on with it. So, I've got to lead by example and I can't sit there and be oh this it's just like you got I'll be wiped out this evening this afternoon and then I'll be on the track with them later on tonight. But you've got to do it. And if if I and it's a way of motivating them as well, it's saying because they're think why am I feeling sorry for myself? Look at him draw you. And I said, so it's like, well, I'm doing this for you. I'm giving you all my all when I should be at home resting. I finished me on. I'm supposed to be putting on weight. I'm being on holiday for the big OP coming, but I'm not. I'm here. I'm stressed and working and pushing and um I want the best for them. And I'll go two for nail for them. But I want that back and uh that's all you can do. And that's that's how that's how it is really. Must be your thing. I don't I don't allow it control me. I don't allow it. Let me think about it because if I do, I'm being controlled. Hence why I had to do the statement to let it all out. Since then, I think a couple of weeks ago, three or four people messaged me saying, "No, went and took a test. My wife's took a test. She's been diagnosed. Another one's found her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] her finger like three or four." I thought, "Wow, like that's made a big difference." as I said because of what I've said and go and get screened and go and get a stool check and all that that quite touched me a bit and uh the the outpouring of support by some people in in the boxing not all but some people was um very touching especially when you come from an environment and you can see the mentality of us here now we were my side we were kids that were turning up at ABAs and beating the ABA kids and knocking them out we were turning up Carl Thompson turned up and Frank Shawn knocked Nikki Piper out prospect. We were the way fighters. No one liked us. It's us against the establishment. So that's always carried on. So for it to come from a place of like Ferguson or or whatever, no one likes us, we don't care. We've always had that or I've always carried on Phil saying I've always having that to have that siege mentality to get us all to win. So then to have an outpouring of people being kind is a bit weird because we always feel everyone's against us. Do you understand? So um that was nice. But uh it's hard. It's hard. I wanted to be and this we get through this operation now. Please God, touchwood and then we'll be ready to rock and roll September, October for for a massive 2026. You know what I mean? I think self a couple more fights. He's ready. Lawrence will be ready. Please God, the vacate the belts. It's just a sitting down process in it. Just waiting and waiting. Depends on what Usyk and and Daniel do the winner of that. But yeah, we just got to give it as long as we can and that's it. Give it your best and that's all I ask from the fight is if I haven't given it best. Like Natasha says, I almost sort of come apart when I stop. Once I stop, I'll come apart. So, I can't stop or I will come apart. I don't know no different. There's a lot of beer in the gym and motivate and new list of people in my life like yourself like Lawrence and the gym has always been the kids that have everyone wrote Mlin off. Mlin came one British European Felix and Beefy off a draw came back and won and one and one. Crawler lost the guy sides came back one and one and one. Quig hadn't touched that level yet when become world champion. You've got that now with Akoli because Aolei despite being a two-weight world champion gets critics every day. I've put out but I haven't seen that but telling that or he lost to Jazza. Yeah, he did. But whoever made that fight and he's shooting because he never beat Jazza. He was dead at 130. He was 16 years old at 130 and now he's moved to 135. He's four and he stopped the kid. He's fighting again in 2 3 weeks. He'll fight again after that and he'll fight again Simber. Now we've got momentum. So people are losing but they're not fighting regular. You look at fighters that are on top form. Joshua at the time they'll fight in regular and often momentum four times a year. There's momentum. Then they wonder why Josh Taylor's got be Joshua out of the ring for a year. You can't be that. It's simple boxing simple. You just need activity. So for Barrett I'll have another two and three before the end of the year. Then he'll be ready for the world next year. Lawrence gets this and also forgets another fight and then he'll be ready for the world next year if not before the end of the year in the Riad season. I mean it's just activity. We've just got to keep them activity then you get the best fighters the versions and I I don't get it sometimes cuz I think the promoters have invested so much money and there's so many fighters but then they're like I liken it to say Pep going to Harland you sit on the bench for 6 months. Oh hang on a minute we need you in the Champions League final. Come off and go and score a hattick. You just can't do it when you're hot. You're hot when a fight is hot hot. Keep him fighting. Keep him busy like Ricky Hatton coming through Kawazaga. The flying Joshua was flying. But this keeping him out and keep him out it as much Spanish can do. It doesn't replicate in fight night and walking through and the nerves and the press and the media. You just can't replicate it. No matter how many in-house spars you have, you just can't replicate it. Does that still exist? That being able to keep a fighter hot like it used to. Fighters aren't as active as they used to be. Right. No. You I I always say to look at Barry McGin's resume. I think he fought for a British in February. Then he had another defensive fought for the European in March. Then he fought Wander in April, May or wherever it was. And then Padraza and Finger. That's like four fights before he fought Padraza in the same year and his resume fighting two weeks later I thought for as a title fight. You look at Chavez and Jeran, they'd most have a big fight, but then they'd fight some kid that's like 15, lost 20. But it was like in the back streets, everybody didn't care. Just kept them busy. I think there's too much about branding now here about it's branding and we need to build this and build that. If people want to go and watch, they'll come and watch. You know what I mean? It's like you don't got to say to Beyonce, let's go and sell out co-op this year. Do you know what? You sold it out once already. Leave it for another year. The demand's that big to come and see him. Put her on next week. Put her on a few weeks after. You'll be in the front row there with me. Yeah. Yeah, it's it's it's like if Joshua wants to fight. Do I remember when Mer in Turkey for the press announcement before Christmas and Joshua wanted to fight before Christmas? He wanted to get out. He wanted to get on the horse. And I'm like, he wants to he wants to put that back. That's why I've just got Jazz. He wants to get a razor. Now you're holding back to going at something. He's got whatever's gone before. It's like he's literally been in a severe car crash. You got to put him behind the wheel driving the car for the first time since that car crash. He needs to go out for a few spins first. what I mean? And there's kids out there have a few spins for, but if you talk, the general public will understand it that it's not money. It's psychological. It's like falling off a horse, like breaking your arm or whatever, and you've got to get back on the horse and get comfortable with it again and get a bit of momentum going and get it going. But holding back, I do think it's a bit detrimental, but I do feel when kids are hot. I I I think we have the platforms now. We have Sky, we have the zone. The zones every week, boxing on the zone, so many shows, we can keep these kids busy, busy, busy. You know what I mean? Frank does a great job. I think he he he the tentacles that he has, he still does the Stokes, he does the Tamworth, he does your core, brings them through and he's still got the arenas. Do you understand? And he sort of like is in a rebuilding process. He's conquering the world. You know what I mean? But at the same time, he's got to rebuild the UK stable a little bit. I mean, I'm surprised Mckeny hasn't gone back into it cuz he was a good promoter at the time with it. You know what I mean? Channel 5 on TV. Yeah. Channel there's loads of outlets. So if there's kids fighting, it's like right put them out. Rick Hartton used to fight go two weeks holiday. He'd fight every like he'd fight like March then he fight May then he fight September then he fight December four times a year and it was like banged out every time cuz it's a recon but that one time and it's always just doing it for the money now. I mean I just feel to answer your question yeah there is cuz we've got the dates to do it and it's just like get him going get him going keep him going. I mean, let me get two uh kind of predictions from you since we're talking. A kid who is hot at the moment is Moses Italma. Dillian White maybe inactive. Hasn't boxed that win over Ebenezeta. How are you seeing that? I think Moses too. I think it's a great scout for him. Same with Dylan. You don't know which Dylan's got to turn up. A bit like um Dave Allen. They all banked in him not being the proper Dave Allen that night when he fought. Um but um Dylan when he's on it, I'm sure he's got one last big performance against in him can not roll him out with his big left hook and his desire. It's how much he really wants to or is it last payday and Joe got going there not expected to win. Moses might catch him sharp early on bit like Tyson Fury did move move and then took him out. Was it around five or six something like that and Moses could be like ah he might have to weather the storm but I just think Moses might be just a little bit too sharp with his feet. I don't know if the spired in the past or not, but I just think um Moses I just think will be too sharp, too quick. And I just think Dylan on his last performance can judge off like you say if he really puts it down and he really feels he's got to give it his best like he did when he was up against Chazora them times, can he roll back the clock? I think them last few years of being inactive, not as busy as he was, have gone now. And I think it's right timing for Moses Atuma. He was he was a hot kid. He's just fought and there you go. He was a hot kid. Just keep him busy. Keep that foot. He would have been a bit more busy than he has been. But it's the kind of people wanting to fight him as well. And final one, DB. Usyk Dar's hot right now as well. Heavyweight world champion, you know, but Usyk's that genius. I'm a huge fan of both of them. Daniel Dwire, I've loved how he's come back and suits our mentality to ram the critics words down the throat. So be being a quitter. Shocking to have said that with it, the eye socket and all that. And then obviously losing to Ruseit, but then to come back and Herovic and then to say kind of Joshua he walked to the ring that night and you can tell in the buildup round table the head-to-head being bullied. It was like all of a sudden a kid was fed up of being bullied for years at school just thought Joe what you're not bullying me no more and that put them all on the back foot and uh the way he went in there and listen he landed the shot cuz Joshua I can't say it didn't hurt him he did hurt him and he was just going in for the kill and walked in for it but Daniel Bar how he's conducted himself and brought himself back he's just got to show that same hunger he's got a second bite at the apple but Usyk we're talking of someone that he still isn't the oldest heavyweight in division and what he's done has achieved is phenomenal. Will he go down as one as an alltime great? Yeah, I think he will. I think for the weight size and the people that he's beat and the weight size that he's beat, people have on about your holfields and we're on about as Alexander Rousi, Alexander Rousi, I think mentally drains you out with his feet, his rhythm. And I think that's why when you see him, you get to round eight and nine, eclipse Joshua, eclipse Fiori, stops Daniel because they're mentally drained off his feet and moving and he moving, keeping thinking because he's sharp and he can land. Whether Daniel goes after him just going home, he can walk onto sharp counters or as you seen with Derek Shazor, Derek Chazor had great success pushing and pushing and pushing and pushing. Um, but he's got to have a bit of be a little bit more wise, Daniel. And uh, but as you seen, I do feel when Anthony Joshua let his hands go, he may do a little bit uncomfortable at times, but he never could sustain it. I think if Daniel set a tempo on a pace and punched in bunches instead of singles, I think he could get good success to understand. And uh it's a it's a real pick and fight. I want Daniel to him, but I just think us still just got a little bit too much upstairs. I could be proved wrong. Like I say, my heart's with Daniel, but my head's with us. Lawrence against Kevin Lena. How's this one? It's a very tough fight. Very tough fight. I'm not going to come out and say steal the show, but I think it's a very good fight. Good platform for both of them. Um Kevin Lang is in a good winner of form and um yeah this is a fight obviously he's a WBC bridgeweight title that Lawrence had and he's making his opponent it's a huge opportunity for pair of him he's been in camp twice with Tyson Fury for Usyk like I said to Lawrence you generally think he's scared of you his most thinking sp millions of rounds with Tyson Fury and fight Lawrence Aola I'll walk through him and that be his mindset Lawrence you don't present no problems and danger to him when you've been with Tyson Fury whose IQ up close holding tugging playing, killing rounds, killing the clock, nicking rounds. Tyson Fury's boxing IQ was way, way above to understand anyone's and you think he's got to be scared, do you? They're like relishing this. This is like we do him. We'll take that WBC number one spot and the management side of it obviously with Spence and all that. They've had that WBC belt with Tyson for a long time. They've got Cabiel who's in position. They don't want Cabel to fight Lawrence and lose control of the belt. So, they want Kevin to win. So when that belt becomes vacant, they've got two of their own kids fighting for that belt. So they have to control the WBC again. So you got to look at the bigger picture of what's going on in the line currents. But it's got to be an exciting fight. Both guys can punch. We've seen Kevin Daran dropped Daniel Dwire three times. He got up and he won the the fights that he has had. Kevin Daran is an exciting fight. That's a huge opportunity for him. Lawrence Aola, as I said to him in the World Cup semi-final, you can't slip up. You just can't slip up. You got the World Cup semi-final, one of the biggest stages in world boxing. in Wembley packed out arena on the other card of the world heavyweights. You can't slip up. This is yours to lose, not his to win. Perfect. Cheers. Cheers.