Kind: captions Language: en Right. So, I'm here with Roman and and Tommy Fury. So, first of all, Roman, you're fighting on this big show uh this weekend. Um you know, you're 5-0 now. I know you didn't come into the pros with loads of uh amateur experience, but have what have you made of the pros? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's good. I mean, I think the pros and the amateurs are completely different game. So, I didn't want to waste any time there. You know, I was quite late in it in my age when I turned over. So, here we are 5 and0. I've learned a lot. I'm still learning and uh I feel very privileged for being on such a big show. It's first so early on in my career, so I'm going to make the most of it on Saturday night. &gt;&gt; And Tommy, what have you made of your your brother's uh career so far? &gt;&gt; I think he's doing extremely well and don't forget he's not had any amateur fights. He's not been, you know, one of them kids that's been boxing since he's been six. He's quite late into the game. So for where he is and the shows that he's boxed on and the people he's boxed against for having no experience, he's doing amazingly well. &gt;&gt; How excited are you for this one on uh tomorrow night? What what can fans expect to see from you? We're going to be seeing a very explosive start to the year. I'm not here to piss around. Sorry. I'm not here to mess around and I just can't wait. I've been training hard all over Christmas and New Year. So, it's time for all dedication to pay off Saturday night. So, can't wait. Are you really this year trying to be as active as possible, you know, pick up a few wins on the record and and push on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I've just turned 29 a couple of months ago, so these are the prime years of me life. Uh so, I'm not here to waste it. I'm here to prove that I'm serious about, you know, being a professional boxer here to win titles. a load of fights this year and then work uh towards the title next year. &gt;&gt; And what about yourself, Tommy? Have you been in the gym yourself? Have you been in the in the gym helping Roman? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we train. We train together every day. That's all we do. And yeah, we live, breathe, you know, sleep it. That's all we do. Just train, train, train for moments like this for Roman and myself. And this year is going to be a big year, especially for Roman. He's going to be as active as as as he can. He's always in the gym. And yeah, we're, you know, we're coming coming for it all this year. &gt;&gt; How good do you think Roman is? How how far do you think Roman can make it in this sport? &gt;&gt; As far as he wants to go. You know, he's got all the talent there. He's he's a heavy hitter. He's south. He's awkward. He's heavyweight. You know, he can go as far as he wants to go. I truly believe that. So, as long as he stays in the gym, you know, keeps active and um listens to me dad, I think he'll go all the way definitely. &gt;&gt; And listen, Roman, I'd be remiss if I didn't ask you about your other brother, Tyson. He's been making making a bit of noise recently. What have what have you heard from your brother about, you know, this potential comeback? Anyways, &gt;&gt; listen, he's in the gym as we speak. He's gone over to Thailand training hard over there. Um, and yeah, as you can see from Instagram and all the rest of it, he wants a big big 26 and I don't think he can close his story until he regains those titles back. So, better watch out. Gyms can be returning. Are &gt;&gt; are all the family kind of you still want to see him back in there? What What do you guys think? &gt;&gt; I think speaking for every one of us, I think we'd rather we didn't see him in the ring. Um, but you know, Tyson's his own man. He's always been his own man. So, he's going to do what he's going to do. But, you know, we would prefer him to put the gloves down and to enjoy life. He's got no more water to prove. He's won every single belt there is. More money than you could even spend in 20 lifetimes. So, it is what it is. It's dangerous game boxing, but he wants to do it. He's got the hunger still there. So, you know, it is what it is, isn't it? &gt;&gt; The the McMud fight is what's is what's being rumored. You know, obviously beat David Allen recently. What what do you guys think of that fight? &gt;&gt; Uh it's it's a good fight for him, I think. You know, it's a good little uh comeback fight for him and yeah, there's lots of options for him. So, just about getting in the right shape and getting the right opponent and building on from there. &gt;&gt; And Tommy, I know you say you you'd probably prefer for him to hang up the gloves, but at the same time, we we remember those nights at the Tottenham stadium, remember all those big nights in Fury's career, Tyson's career. Wouldn't you like to see another big one? &gt;&gt; I think health comes first to be honest. Um, you know, health, health is your wealth. You know, I've always said that. We've had plenty plenty of good nights out of Tyson and long-lasting nights. And like I said, everybody should have enjoyed it while it was there because it's not going to last forever. And he is at the tail end of his career. Um, so, you know, for people out there, they should have enjoyed it more. And, you know, for me, health is wealth and it's a dangerous game at that weight and anything can happen. So, um, but it is what it is. If he comes back, I know he'll be in the right mindset. I know he'll have trained hard. So, I feel sorry for the person who's coming back for you. &gt;&gt; I do too. Honestly, I do too. Um, Roman, just a just a sort of final prediction for for tomorrow night. What what can we all expect to see from you? &gt;&gt; A very clinical boxing display and I'm not going to be happy there till the finish. &gt;&gt; Roman, good luck tomorrow night and thank you for speaking to us, guys. just