Kind: captions Language: en We going to ladies and gentlemen, welcome to a great night of championship boxing from Obo Hydro in Glasgow, Scotland. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, 32 Red, that prize guy, Uni Bet, and Global Next Trade. A big thanks to those great sponsors. We get things started with 12 rounds scheduled and it'll be for the WBA Continental and vacant Commonwealth Cruiserweight Championships. Sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Steward in Charge John Swanson along with the World Boxing Association President Hilberto Mendoza Jr. Supervisor Thomas Hoots along with the CBC Supervisor Debbie Down, timekeeper Jim Kirkwood. Our three judges assigned will be Jean Robert Lane of Monaco, Manuel Oliver Balomo of Spain, and Bob Williams of England. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be John Laam of England. [Music] [Applause] Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes in the ring wearing black with silver and weighed in officially at 198.4 lb. Hailing from East Kilbride, Scotland. He has a professional record of 13 wins, three defeats with 10 of his 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the challenger, David, the real deal, [Applause] Jameson. and his opponent across the ring. He is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing black trunks and weighed in officially at 199 lb. Coming to us from London, England. He brings a professional record of nine wins. Just one defeat, eight of his nine wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the reigning and defending WBA Continental Cruiserweight Champion, Aro the Animal Junior. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Well, as you expect, you will be in shame to break your ball clean. Defend your souls at all times and the best love to you all. close. Busy weekend for John Leam, the referee. He was in Doncaster last night at the GBM show on the zone tonight. It's Queensbury and it's a fantastic setup. Great fights and this one could be short and explosive. 18 knockouts, many very swiftly between this cruiserweight pairing in their 22 wins. Yeah, I wouldn't advise blinking or going to the toilet for this one. Le Jun huge puncher. He really is punches so hard with both hands. Lots of self-belief. And the man in front of him, Jameson, he has got a heart of a lion. I'm telling you now, this man loves to fight. He will be in front of Allies Jr. for as long as he can be. That left hook only partially landed. And Jameson felt it straight away. He's got three wins in the very first round. has Alloys Junior. He looks the part, Barry, doesn't he? No, he really does. But and he can box. So, he he doesn't get credit for his boxing ability. It's all about his power. And that's why obviously you remember from him. But Jameson, this is a good start here from Jameson. He just got to make sure his hands are just faster than he usually are. He's going to bring him back fast. But I think trying to push Junior on the back foot, I think that's not a bad idea. We've both agreed, Barry, haven't we, in the buildup to this, it's the the lack of speed that Jameson sometimes, boy, he doesn't demonstrate with that jab. That there, that's where he'll get counted. And Junior, that right hand there, that's his money punch. The way he wins that over the top as we've seen, he missed there, but if that lands or partially lands, you might be in trouble. 13 wins in 16 for David Jameson. Good fake there from from Junior. There he is again 243. That just messes with your timing at when someone does that to you. You're setting a bit of tank. A little faint just makes you reset. Good use of the jab in this opener from Alloys Junior or Alloys Yui 22 and he was really thrown into that pro debut at 18. the defeat straight away. Turning over not easy. Bernard Hopkins had it. Johnny Nelson and many others along the way. He's rebounded in style and Ben Davidson and all the team think the world of him and he's a youngster. Will say that was a tough debut against Macau Sagonovski. He's now 9 and0. He's an absolute war. Yeah. And he took it at short notice, didn't he? Jameson. This This is what I would do if I was David Jameson. Just lean on. Try and slow down Alloys Junior. Don't trade. Oh, that's a dangerous chopping right. Oh, body shot and then the right hand and Jameson complains. One to the back of the head, but John Leam gives him a count back end of the first round. And Aloy Jr. just does have that natural power. And uh he's a little bit open. David Jameson and upright and there it comes again. Love to see that again whether Jamie did hit him on the back of the head with the body shot before. That was a lovely shot there from [Music] [Applause] Junior. Look really good. Take your time. Don't look too don't need to go through the reference straight away. All right. Not [Music] [Applause] [Music] every get w back to the road to the referee break in the corner with Ben Davidson. That was the body shot that started it off and uh it's rather serious knock down. Well, well, it's beyond the air, but I don't think I I think you got to call that a shot still just the way he's kneeling over to be honest. To to be honest, Barry, these are just sort of glancing shots and you can see the natural power that the animals Junior brings into the ring. Professional fight number 11 in those black trunks with the black boots and the black and silver of David Jameson from Scotland. He's got big support here and he can be in really good fights. Yeah, he can. I think again, you know, you've got to unfortunately for Jameson, the way he wins the fight is moving forward. He just like me and Don discussed earlier or keeping just get that speed a little bit faster. The hands coming back faster. Not so much going out. They got to come back faster. Make sure you're in a safe place when you're moving forward. He's jabs to head and body from Alloys Junior. Just confusing Jameson who runs forward, tries to get his own big artillery going. That would be interesting if he could somehow put a dent in Alloys Junior early. You right, he won't stop coming forward. You know, he's so game. He really has tons of heart. It's a lovely jab. Yeah, very, very sharp, accurate jab from Alloys Junior. Just see him sitting on the on the back leg as well there, Junior. Just making him miss by inches there for Jameson. He's clever work here from from Junior. He's not rushing his work here. Yeah, utilizing the jab really well tonight. Love the way he's going down to the body with it. And a whipping shot. And down goes Jameson for the second time in the fight. And it's all proving just too much for the man from East Kill. Can't really get a foothold into this because the speed, the power, and that lovely jab from Alloys Junior doing the job so far. It's we know it. It's the most important shot in boxing, the jab. And he found his range. He found the distance. And the way he threw that right uppercut was stunning. And he sold it with the jab. He threw the jab. Not so much a hit. It was it was a disguise and whipped that uppercut through the middle and again it's all about just turning your body technique and timing and it was a lovely shot coming forward. He's brave Jameson isn't he Barry but he's not quite quick enough but the problem is if you start moving around you don't want to be on the end of those big long shots from from Junior and that's where all the power is. So you want to try and stunt it, but again you've got to be fast with your hands and you got to be working in or go chest to chest when you're close. Look at that great countering shot and an uppercut and Jameson takes it. Strong man from East Kilbride Alloys Junior has uh found the key I think already and you get the impression he just wants to to go a few rounds here all Junior because he's got that pace, he's got that tempo when he wants to use it. But right now just working nicely behind the jab and looking for that one hurtful single shot. I tell you what he's doing well when when Jameson gets close and tries to make it physical. He puts his shoulder in the middle of the stance there to Jameson grab onto him and bully [Applause] [Music] him. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get behind your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jar. Move the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] head. Okay, listen. You look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay, switch on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] position. Move your head. Okay. Come on. Let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] see him. Come on then. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Stay. Just beside us of David Jameson. And they have work to do because these uppercuts and smooth shots of Alloys Junior are finding the target. Down a couple of times already into the third in this cruiserweight fight just underneath the top British boys. And it's a buzzing division. Right hand from Jameson. He's got to try and fight fire with fire, Barry, I think, now. Yeah, he has to. Yeah, just got to be a little work. And again, talk about the speed all the time, but I mean it's just a it's just about being committed. It's easier said than done when you walk in against a puncher like like alloys Junior. Of course, you you make a mistake, he makes you pay for it. It's a lovely jab there. Step behind it. Ramrod le hand from alloys junior. I think Ben Barry and all the team in the blue corner are going to be mightily impressed with his performance. He just shook and took him off his feet there. And I think it was a temple shot as well which made the legs a little bit unsteady there of Jameson. Eyes glazed of Jameson and his uppercuts and he's proving too much at the moment. All Junior Jameson is tough and the crowd getting behind him and he's trying to get some sort of some sort of success. Lovely body shot there as well from Elias Jr. also just boxing so well. Nice and calm even though James is trying to rush him a little bit here. He's staying composed here. Look at that 18. Well, look at the power shots landed. 18 from Aloise Jr. and it's the class, it's the accuracy of those 18 shots that's been really impressive. He's been taught well, hasn't he? That was good from Jameson there. They asked him to move the head in the corner. He hasn't really done it, but then he just went to that went off the line to the right hand side there. Made made Junior miss with that jab. [Music] Doesn't waste much, does he? Eva Alloys Junior. And you know it's like when you're against a puncher guy and you don't want to make any mistakes and that just sometimes can tense you up a little bit canned it. That jab just opened some blood to the nose and that was an absolute hammer from Junior. He's not going up from that fight's over. Alloys Junior with his ninth knockout win. And we just hope that David Jameson is all right. It was a heavy fall and the doctors, the paramedics are in quickly. So our attention goes towards David for the moment because that was a heavy fall. The third knockdown of the fight. It was a a brilliant performance from Alloys Junior, but no celebration yet out of respect. And we just make sure under the uh British board's brilliant doctors that everything is okay with David Jameson because that was a uh a really nasty knockout. Yeah, the the the way the head bounced off the canvas there just tells you the effect that that that shot had. Huge credit though to David Jameson. Drops in two rounds. He didn't stop coming though, did he Barry? He didn't. I tell you what, the the technique in that that left hook was absolutely beautiful. He He's thrown the jab, fainted the jab, and come around with a lovely left hook. The timing was impeccable. Sitting up now, David Jameson, and they'll get him up onto the stool. All in good time. Patience here required from the everyone in the ring. And uh as for Alloys Junior, he is quite rightly just holding before he celebrates. He's a good guy out of the ring and he'll want to make sure that David's absolutely fine. But Adam, he's beaten another good fighter there and he's made look very, very ordinary. Well, Jake Paul, the problem child, returns, and we can't wait to see what happens against Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. The latest installment in the mad crazy journey of Jake Paul in with Chavez Jr. live on the zone Saturday, June the 28th. Now David Jameson back up on his feet and a smile which is really good to see a WBA continental belt for Alloys Jr. and it was a another stunning win and his best yet in class that that that was a superb as Barry says left hook the way he looks for it. A little faint there he dips the knees and again the accuracy on point. I mean look at the effect it's had on such a big man there. Solid man in David Jameson Barry. But that that that look down I almost thought he fainted with the jab cuz he he saw a little little twitch of the shoulder but he he looks low. That's like a Naz left hook. Not quite but he looks low and bends the leg and then comes back up with the left over the top. So a beautiful shot. Serious prospect this guy. Alloys junior crown on his head. He's not quite king yet but I tell you what, we're going to have a lot of fun watching Alloys Jr. David Jameson is is good. He's okay. That's the most important thing. Very brave guy from East Kilbride. Let's get the official announcement from [Music] Thomas. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 54 seconds of round number three. Our referee John Laam waves it off. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout. And now both WBA Continental and Commonwealth Cruiserweight Champion Alloys the Animal Junior. The Animal Well, he was class tonight, wasn't he? Really good performance. Beautiful use of the jab, the right hand doing damage, three knockdowns, and that left hook absolutely spot on. one of the knockouts of 2025 so far. He's 22 years old and he is well a really hot prospect. Dev well Aloy Junior I mean that was supposed to be the step up that was supposed to be the test. What a performance. Greatness as I said before um I'm looking for more belts. Val Riley if you're here I'm coming for you baby. All the other guys I'm coming for you. I am on greatness and I'm here to conquer. I've conquered Scotland and I want to conquer the rest of the world. I'm here. That's why I've united myself. How did you do what you did tonight? Because nobody has done that to David Jameson. I told you I'm not like nobody. Don't ever compare me to someone else because I'm something special. I've got two belts right here. I've got the Commonwealth outright. So, thank you very much, Scotland. I appreciate you lot so much. I love you lot. Um for those who booed me, it's okay. I still love you, too. And for those that show me support, I love you lot too. Thank you very much. And thank you England. Eloise, congratulations. Thank you very much.