Kind: captions Language: en Brad Ray versus Lindon Arthur. Why did you want this fight? &gt;&gt; Um, well, I wanted it for a few reasons to be fair. I think it I think out of all the opponents, it was the one that was going to kind of put me in the public eye the most because of where Lynon's been because it's an all Manchester thing because, you know, you've got the football aspect or there's going to be eyes on it which you wouldn't usually be on it. So, I think, you know, that's the stage of my career I'm at now. I want to start building a big fan base and I want Queensbury and I want Frank to look at me like someone who can start headlining shows in Manchester and I feel like this is the perfect perfect fight for this. Um, but also he's the United fan. He's a red man. That's why I wanted the fight. That is the reason. But, uh, yeah, Lo, it's a great fight and it's it's one I'm looking forward to. He's got he's got a nice blue belt. What we call a European title in boxing and and I want it. &gt;&gt; Lyndon, your opponent. What do you make of him? &gt;&gt; I like Lyndon. Look, me and Lynon got on. We always have known him for a long time. Known him for years. Um, it's nothing personal, no beef, no bad blood, but on Saturday night, you know, I've got a job to do. And if I can knock him out, I'll knock him out. And you know what I mean? for them 12 rounds, I'll have no emotion. It won't do anything to me. You know, it's it's nothing. And then, well, I'm quite a nice guy. Afterwards, I might feel a little bit guilty or I might feel a little bit bad, but you know, that's just the way it is. You've got to be able to flick the flick the switch in this game. And for them 12 rounds, I'll flick the switch, whether to go to war, whether to do what I have to do. And then, you know, afterwards, we can handshake, ug be friends again. But, you know, for now, he's he's in my way. &gt;&gt; Good. I have to I he has to get my respect because he's won a European title and you don't get gifted them for free. He's worked hard and he's got himself into this level as being European champion and you know we're both from Manchester and he's he's going to show out because it's a Manchester crowd. It's a Manchester fight. But I've not boxed here in six years and I'm still I still got years left in me. So I'm I'm excited for this fight on Saturday. &gt;&gt; It's well known that you did spar quite a lot. How many rounds did you actually spar together? &gt;&gt; No, we've done we've done loads. We've done loads. Right down from when I was 21, was middleweight, you know what I mean? Right up to before the before the Bible fight. And you know, like for me, sparring, you can't really go off sparring. Um I know Lyndon is a different fighter on Friday night, so none of the spars mean anything, but I'm a different fighter on a fight night as well. And you know, I feel like we're going to get the best version of each other. And like you say, you know, we've both got a lot to lose, so it's going to make for a great fight. &gt;&gt; You're probably sick of the sparring chat now, but how long were you sparring together before? How many rounds did you &gt;&gt; I bet we've had many, many, many rounds. Many rounds, but I believe he took confidence from the fact that the last spar we had was when I was unfit, couldn't walk, and just come back from and he might have got the better of it. I believe that's what he took confidence from. If if and if that's what it is, then fair blue to &gt;&gt; there's been spars where Lyndon's probably jabbed my head off for six round and there's been sparss where you know what I've got the upper hand and then there's been spars where 50/50 spars, you know what I mean? It means nothing because you're at different stage of the camp, you know what I mean? I'm f probably, you know, probably had a bear of the weekend or something, you know, like sparring means nothing because you are like this is we both had 12, 13 week camp, so this is going to be the best version. You know, the the versions of each other that we've seen in sparring is going to be totally different. &gt;&gt; What would you say his biggest strength is? &gt;&gt; Biggest strength? Um, he's relentless and he's very resilient. He he doesn't like to give up and he's he's tough. &gt;&gt; That's got to be his job. It's got to be uh I wanted it kind of to be out of the box and come with something else. But look, he's got he's got an unbelievable jab. He's got one of the best jabs in the game. And um you know, it's an obstacle that I've got to try and overcome. But I've been boxing since I was 10 years old. You know what I mean? If I can't defend the jab, then I don't I don't think I'm doing what I think I'm going to do in the sport. So, you know, I should be able to kind of take that away from him. &gt;&gt; What would you say his biggest weakness is? I don't know. I find out on Saturday. &gt;&gt; Biggest weakness. I I do think he's half overlooking me. I do. I think he's thinking I've been in there at this level. You know what I mean? I've competed at this level. And like I said, look, he's known me a long time. He's known me when I was a little kid. And maybe he's not meant to do it, but I think he still sees me as that little kid that used to come sparring. And I'm not I'm not that kid anymore, you know. I'm I'm a different fighter. And I think deep down he knows that. But I think it it it's hard for him to kind of, you know, come come to terms with, you know, he's still thinking of me as that as that little kid. &gt;&gt; You're crossing paths in different time of your career. Who would you say has more to lose in this fight? &gt;&gt; Well, he's got the belt to him. He loses a belt. I I lose a fight. But I think me because I'm the champion, you know, it's my title that that I can lose. You know what what's he got? He's got everything to gain. He's got a title to gain. He's got his career to get back on track. Whereas me, you know, I've been down in the mud for two years and a loss here could put me back there. And you know, I'm not I'm not willing to do that. I can't do can't do another two years like he had. Um so a lot I think I've got more to lose and that's why it means so much and that's why I've trained so hard and that's why I'm going to get the job done on Saturday. You mentioned earlier bragging rights are at stake. What color is Manchester? &gt;&gt; Red. Silly question. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Manchester's blue. I was going to say it always has been and it always will be, but it hasn't always has been. It definitely hasn't. What the uh the tide's changed in recent years, you know, City Manchester and like you say, look, City running Manchester now. I'm not that little kid anymore. The tide's changed and yeah, look, it's going to be uh the blue flag flying Saturday night. &gt;&gt; And who is Manchester's best light heavyweight? &gt;&gt; Me. That was easy one. &gt;&gt; Lindon Har. &gt;&gt; Lastly, how will the fight end on Saturday? &gt;&gt; A victorious one for Lindy. &gt;&gt; I'm going to go and say I'm going to I'm going to get him out of there. I'm going to Yeah. Going to go on record and say it. And uh Yeah. Look, yeah, I didn't do it last time out. Ball didn't do it. If I can do that, it's a big statement. And um look, I try I try and win every fight inside the distance because it's what the fans want to see at the end of the day. So yeah, that's what I'm going for. &gt;&gt; Whatever it is that happens in that ring, I'll show up and I'll come out on top. &gt;&gt; I feel like people have not even seen 30% of me. &gt;&gt; They knew what to expect. You know what to expect. I get mushers.