Kind: captions Language: en Okay, Joshua Betsy, how are you, sir? &gt;&gt; Not too bad. You? &gt;&gt; I'm good. Queensbury debut. This is a for me it feels like a long time come. It feels like we've been circling for a while, but I think we've got a brilliant version of Josh Buataxi here who's about to knock on the door for a world tour. Do Do you agree with this version we've got right now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think at this part of my career, I've been knocking on the door for a while. um dropped the ball against Smith in my last fight, but hopefully you guys are going to, you know, take me there. &gt;&gt; How would you assess your career so far? We are I think this is your eighth year. You're in year eight as a professional, 2017. So that's about right. How how would you say it's all gone so far? Are you happy? Would you have changed anything? &gt;&gt; I almost give the same answers. I think at the end of it, I can look back and say, "Oh, it went well." Or, "I should have, could have, would have." But um for now I'm living in the moment and &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; um November the first is the next date and that's what I've been fixated on. &gt;&gt; What what has that loss done for you? Cuz I speak to so many fighters after they suffer their first loss. Some of them can't deal with it. That wasn't me in there. Some of them won't watch it back. Some will watch it back meticulously say I'm make sure I'm going to change this. What does Joshua say? &gt;&gt; I I live with the reality. I I've watched that fight many times you know and seen oh that was a close one. that was a good round, that was a bad round, this and that. &gt;&gt; Um, so I live with that reality. Like I don't shy away from watching where I fell short. &gt;&gt; Um, and we've been working hard in the gym. Um, but I think in a settings like this, a lot can be said. It's more like we're going to fight sooner. We can find out, you know, &gt;&gt; and you must be itching because it's different to most other sports. Man United lose, they're out next week. They can correct it. you lose a boxing match that was February. You've got to sit on that and you got to do interviews and every time an idiot like me is in front of you, they're saying, "Oh, how did you deal with the loss?" kind of thing. How difficult is that mentally to deal with the gap between February and November where your last fight is a loss? &gt;&gt; It depends what you've been doing in the in those months. if um I've done a lot of stuff from February till now &gt;&gt; um that has been good for me people around me but most importantly to make sure that I'm good you know um so that's been good um my faith has helped me a lot um and of course if you have faith but you're physically not doing anything to back up or if you're not acting in terms of training and working hard for me then you're not doing anything so it's been a lot of yeah my faith has helped me but it's been a lot of training and working hard and making sure that I'm doing my part. &gt;&gt; Is that the everything happens for a reason kind of uh thinking? &gt;&gt; No, that's a cliche that everyone says. Um I don't think that I think what was meant to happen happened, but I don't have that everything happens for a reason. Probably does, but I really take take note of that one. &gt;&gt; You you don't um a lot a lot of boxers their their job kind of becomes who they are. I feel like with you and you know watching a lot of your interviews as well, your being a boxer isn't your identity and you don't want that to just be your identity. There's many other strands to it. Does that help with kind of, you know, dealing with a loss? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. Um there's other stuff that excite me. Boxing excites me and while I'm doing it, it's number one, but I'm able to say um I also love being an uncle. I love being a brother, being a friend, being a boxer, being whatever it is. There's so many things that I think um it's a mistake if you only put yourself in one category. I'm a lot of things. Boxing is one one thing that I am that you guys know me as. So, yeah. Um I don't put all my eggs in one basket like that. I've seen you go out to Ghana several times, but obviously I only see it when you post it on your socials and you're always out there helping the kids and you know you're inspiring them. You got the Josh and Bati Foundation as well, right? &gt;&gt; It feels like [clears throat] they inspire you too. It's like &gt;&gt; they inspire me more than I inspire them and they help me more than I help them. You know what I mean? But they're probably not aware of it. But yeah, it's it's a I always say that when you give to someone, it seems that you're helping them and bringing joy or whatever it is to them. But people don't know that actually the giver also gains something which I think is probably superior to the receiver, &gt;&gt; you know. Um so that's quite important to me. And um the boxers as well like they I've almost said they're probably more talented than I am, but they just haven't got the opportunities that I do. So um it's um always a reminder for me to be grateful cuz I could have been stuck in Ghana. I could have been one of them. probably wouldn't have boxed, but just say if I did box, I'd be in their situation, which at times you look at it, it's not great. Um, &gt;&gt; it sort of ground it grounds you, doesn't it? It &gt;&gt; does. Yeah. Yeah. And and also I almost say that if I act like a fool, I have to go back to those people in Ghana. I have to deal with my team here who know what I am off camera and what I am. They they know me. They know the authentic side to me. So if I'm acting like a fool and then I got to go back to, you know, my normal life, it'd be a bit weird. &gt;&gt; From hearing some of your your interviews recently, you seem more conscious than ever of father time. So you are 32 now, 32 years old now. And you know, as you say, there's there's life well after boxing as well. Can can you are you kind of do you feel like you're on a clock to achieve everything that you want to achieve within this sport? not a clock, but I do know that I'm not 24 when I first turn pro, you know, and I do know that I've had 20 fights, you know what I mean? Um, and I think the interview you spoke about with October Red, I just said, make sure you're good as a fighter because we're only &gt;&gt; How many fighters do you interview? So many. And I'm one of many. So, I got to make sure that while I'm one of many, I'm good. So, when I'm not one of many anymore, I can say, you know what, when there's my time, I did this, I did that, and I'm good. It's time to fight on Saturday. Zack Parker, that that is your first opponent for Queensbury. I I was surprised with that, but not, you know, I I thought maybe they'd give you an easier one. I thought maybe you'd get a kind of a welcome to Queensbury kind of fight. Let's let's showcase Joshua Bats in this. Let's let's show the world who he is. They've given you a guy who is very very hungry and obviously I've been speaking to him over the years as well. What do you make of him and what do you make of his energy having been around him? Um, I haven't been eyeing him much. Um, in terms of what I make of him, like you said, is a guy that's determined. Um, he knows that winning this fight is very important to him. And to be fair, that's all I need to know once I know that he this is someone that's hungry and knows a win here will propel his career may seem dangerous. So, you know, I'm dealing with a dangerous fight and we have to show that we're the better fight on Saturday. &gt;&gt; Have you watched much of it though? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I've seen a bit of it. Is that just Was that prior to being matched with him or just because you've been matched with him? &gt;&gt; More so because I've been matched with him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And do you think he could cause you problems in there? You got to be on your on your P's and Q's? &gt;&gt; I have to be on my P's and Q's. Yeah. Have to. &gt;&gt; It's a fight. Two hands, two legs, you know. Um we got 10 rounds to settle it. So yeah, I got to be on it. &gt;&gt; What did you think of his fight with John Ryder? A few people keep asking me, but um I just know that I think it got stopped cuz he had an injury or something like that. I didn't watch it religiously from one to four, but I know that after the fourth round or going into the fourth or the fifth, he said his hand was hurting him, I think. But there's some kind of injury. Um that's that's for him to think about. Yeah. I think people are asking you because they've he got a lot of criticism after that fight because of the the manner in which it ended because he injured his hand. We've seen other fighters continue with injuries and whatnot and that normally separates them. It's not the norm, but he got a lot of criticism for that. We've seen you bite down and thug it out against Kevin Smith. That's probably why people are asking you to gauge what you thought of his mentality there to &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I a I ain't seen it. But like I said, once you're in that ring, it is what it is, man. We got however many rounds scheduled, you just got to tug it out. Like I said, yeah, &gt;&gt; you you don't really feel external pressure that that pundits or whoever the boxing world put on you, but you put all the pressure on yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How much pressure is there on Saturday for you? &gt;&gt; It's been a lot of pressure. We deal with that in camp. There's pressure in camp. Um there's a mindset and and an atmosphere that's created and it's for me to deal with that all the time. So when anything's going on in that ring, I've been here before. I've done it before, you know. Um and give a good account of yourself, you know. So yeah, there's pressure, but again, it's external. and the external pressure. They then live with me. They then wake up when I'm running, when I'm upset, when I'm not upset, when I'm happy. They're not there. So, why don't they get to me? &gt;&gt; How's the slot going to go? &gt;&gt; I win. I win. I win. Um, couldn't care less how I won cuz again, when it comes to checking box or whatever it is, you're just going to see who won and who lost. Hence why people want to talk about the Smith fight. And I'm like, look, there's nothing to say cuz when you check the records, it says he won. It doesn't say, "Oh, it was a great fight, right? He hurt him. He hurt him." Back to It doesn't say any of that. So, um, it's just to make sure you win. &gt;&gt; You check the box where it says W. It's got it in green. Is it not cooler if it's got W, KO in the green? &gt;&gt; It's cooler, but what's really upsetting is if it doesn't say W. &gt;&gt; That's really upsetting. If it doesn't say that, then no one cares. You know what I mean? So, make sure you get the W. that. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Barker, how are you, sir? &gt;&gt; How are you? You good? &gt;&gt; I'm good. Where's your wedding ring? &gt;&gt; It's gone, mate. Don't tell him I said no. He's been taking pictures, so I had to take off and just left it in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Off camera, just before we started the uh the interview, Zach Parker here is sitting very worried. He's taking his wedding ring off and he's going to get it in the neck. &gt;&gt; What mad? &gt;&gt; How's life, mate? &gt;&gt; Good, mate. Good, mate. Just obviously just been focusing on this fight. Uh but yeah, it's been good. Family's good. um got another baby on the way. So yeah, that's that's exciting. But yeah, &gt;&gt; so all systems go towards obviously November 1st it was. So yeah, it's just been training and enjoying a bit of family time as well. &gt;&gt; So you got you got one child then you got another child on the way as well. I think I saw in your Instagram actually you you took your daughter with you to one of your training sessions. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. She comes with me to track and she was like come on around. Come on daddy. I was like sh you know you don't know how hard this is. Come on daddy. Come on. Bless her. But yeah, bit more of inspiration. Bit bit &gt;&gt; it adds to it, doesn't it? Just you want your grip down a bit more cuz you want to provide for them. So yeah, it's good. &gt;&gt; How old is she? &gt;&gt; She's free on Halloween. So tomorrow. &gt;&gt; She's free tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but we did we did a birthday last week. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Cuz obviously be waiting and whatnot and so she thought it was a birthday last week and we gave all her presents. Bless her. Had new scooter and that so she wasn't done wasn't down on one of them. So yeah, it's gone. &gt;&gt; Nice. How how has that changed your life? this this new period of Zack Barber for the last 3 years. You have been a father. You're going to be a father again. What what has that done for you up here? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's obviously ground you, doesn't it? It makes you grow up really fast. It does obviously with family you got to provide for him. You meant to be the man in the house. So, yeah. Um all effing goes into it for for my family, my obviously my wife for a year and then now my child and another child on the way. So yeah, that you defin put that extra bit in cuz you want to provide for him and um yeah, I'm a proper family man as well. So, and it like when you just make you grow up really fast. &gt;&gt; Does she know you're a boxer? &gt;&gt; Yeah, she does a little bit. I try and tell her [laughter] she gives him gives me a few jabs on her hand on little hand pads, but yeah, &gt;&gt; I don't think she knows like what I actually do. Every time I go like running, she says, "Oh, daddy's going to work." I was like, "Yeah, I'm going to work." But she don't I don't think she realized it's like a proper job. You know what I mean? She probably thinks I'm just going jail. &gt;&gt; Well, it is a proper job. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that proper job is a a proper proper job on Saturday night cuz you got Joshua Bruati. It's his Queensbury debut. Are you surprised that you are the man facing him on his Queensbury debut? I I was if I'm honest. &gt;&gt; Really? Yeah. Um I'm not surprised to be fair cuz we're both game lads and we both want to be in there with the best. I've been waiting for a chance for a long time now. And um obviously I had a I got upset when I broke me hand in the rider fight, but I've just been rebuilding from then. And uh yeah, we're here now and I can't wait for it. This has been probably the best camp of my life as well. Um no niggles or injuries. I' literally the first time since I think I turned professional, so like 12 years. So um yeah, I'm looking forward to it. And and the reason why I say I was surprised. I thought as a new signing he might get like a welcome to Queensbury kind of fight. You know, go and bowl someone over, show everyone you're going to become a world champion kind of thing. But he's got you and you are you're super super hungry. You are big at super middleweight. You're a strong light heavyweight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean you you will assume you are a banana skin, but it's it's a tough fight. It's a great fight. I think that's the way it is in boxing at the minute, especially with like all the Saudi lot coming in, getting involved. They want the best fighting the best and don't want you just go for a little walk. That's why the pro put them in with me and I've been like you say, I'm I'm hungry at the minute and uh I'm I'm thriving at the minute, training that as well. So, um yeah, it's good that it's good that Queensbury have been putting like the top fights on cuz not many other um promoters are doing that. So yeah, um and obviously you see likes of um Queensbury Light Heavy, they got almost all of them except for like the likes of K Smith and Cam obviously abroad and that. But yeah, most of the British lads they've got. So you're in the right place and you you'll see it today when you're up there at the press conference table. You you'll see Blatzi there. You'll look around. You'll see Lyndon Arthur, Brad Ray, all of these guys who could be potential future opponents. You feel like you're in the right place. Yeah, obviously you you want to be in these massive fights and it don't get much bigger than this. The winner of me and Bati will probably go on to fight for a world title and that's what I've been in boxing for all my life. I started when I was like four years old. My dad was a boxer. All my family was a boxer. So yeah, I've been I've been looking forward to these sort of nights for a long time. And like I say, I've been absolutely flying in in training and uh it's just to put it all into work on Saturday. Does this feel like a change your life kind of fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. I was at this place once before and that was a ride on the ride. Obviously, you got a bit unlucky at night, but this is my second chance and I'm looking to take it take it with both hands. &gt;&gt; And I guess that first fight did kind of change your life because you were on this uphill trajectory and then you broke your hand in the fight and you got all this stick on social media which you you probably didn't look at but it was out there. That must have been difficult to to deal with that whole kind of coming back from that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously I don't fair with social media. I don't really do it anyway. I just put my posts on for boxing. That's I never look at the comments or whatnot. &gt;&gt; But um I literally had a newborn baby then. So she probably kept me on my toes after literally two weeks before she was born. So yeah, um she probably kept me to on toes. I had a bit of family time and then obviously I've been um rebuilding uh and now we're here. Like I said, you don't get much beings. It's a headline in Manchester. First time fighter on the zone, so I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; How determined are you to make sure that this time that you've reached this moment? Biggest lifechanging fight. You're determined to get it done. &gt;&gt; No, I'm 31 now. I don't I don't need to keep going down the down the ranks. This is my this is my time. I can't be chucking these chants away because they don't come um every every other day, do they? So yeah, a lot of boxers would jump at Chsby at this place. So I need to take I need to go at him and do the business and take up both hands. &gt;&gt; And light heavyweight Zack Parker, what what's he like? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've been obviously you've been doing a lot of different strength and conditioning in this one. Brought in a new one, new ma man to the team and yeah, I've been feeling feeling strong especially in sparring. I've been been smashing it. So yeah, um I built into the weight now. I think it was only my last fight. I I only weighed that was the first time I've weighed that heavy. So yeah, I feel like I've proper built into it now. &gt;&gt; Do you think you could stop him? Was that &gt;&gt; I reckon I could stop anyone if I if I catch him with a few clean shots and start putting my punches together. I could stop anyone. &gt;&gt; There was that run after, you know, towards the rider fight super middleweight where you were just laying people to waste. I remember in lockdown it was just like, oh, Zach Parker's knocked someone out again. You just kept doing it. So it's &gt;&gt; more to come of it. &gt;&gt; Outlaw heavyweight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Have you got your eyes on um the wider division? Obviously you got Batsi on Saturday, but there's so much going on. &gt;&gt; Full full steam head at Bati first. That's the that's the man in my way at the minute. But yeah, obviously like I said, I want to go for a world title. So that would be next bit. But K Smith is probably first there because he obviously beat Barati before. So yeah, but full full steam head at Brati first. &gt;&gt; Must give you so much confidence. Like I've heard you saying it, you've got no niggles, no nothing. first time in your career. So, this really is the best version of Zack Parker under &gt;&gt; circumstance. I feel 100%. And I I feel like I've I feel like this is the time for me to to take to put my name up there with the with the big boys. So, yeah, that's what I'm waiting for. &gt;&gt; Best of luck. Cheers. &gt;&gt; Cheers, pal. &gt;&gt; Whatever it is that happens in that ring, I'll show up and I'll come out on top. &gt;&gt; I feel like people have not even seen 30% of me. &gt;&gt; They know what to expect. You know what to expect.