Kind: captions Language: en Introducing first the challenger in the red corner. He has a record of 17 wins with only one defeat and one draw with seven wins coming by way of knockout. At yesterday's weighin he scaled nine stone exactly. And tonight he wears the black shorts. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing from Birmingham, Raza [Music] Hamza. And across the ring in the blue corner, he is unbeaten with a record of 12 wins and no defense with six wins coming by way of knockout. At the weighin, he scolded eight stone at 13 lbs. And tonight, he wears the white and purple shorts. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing from Best Scotland, the reigning, defending, undefeated British and Commonwealth featherweight champion, Nathaniel the Nightmare Collins. We both know the rules. been through the instructions in the dressing rooms. Remember to obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourselves at all times. Touch off, lads. [Applause] &gt;&gt; 27year-old Nathaniel Collins being given a hug by his trainer. Comes from Bearsdom near Glasgow. Raza Hamza from Birmingham. Been training in Wales for this one. Raza saying he's been away from distractions. He's been away from his family as well. He's not seen his daughter Lana for four weeks. And down he goes in the opening seconds. My goodness. What a start. And the referee's looking. It could be all over right here. First punch of the fight. And it is. It's finished. The first meaningful post and it's all over. Incredible stuff. Good right up from Collins has caught Raza Hamza. Just caught him cold. It was a terrific shot. Well timed and Nathaniel Collins has produced a cracking punch indeed. Lot of power on it. It was a definite right hook around the guard of Razahamza. Like I said, just caught him cold and he couldn't recover. So what a performance that is from Collins. Oh well where well you couldn't believe that that came as quickly as it did. 27 years old, Nathaniel, his fourth defense of the Commonwealth title, defending the British title as well for the first time that he won in his last contest. And let's take another look, Richie. So, he's gone to the body there, just backing him up into the corner of the ropes and then just whipped a shot over the top. It's sort of a hook come straight right. Let's have a look at here from this angle. It's an awkward sort of shot. Is it a long Yeah, it's just a long sort of chopping right hand over the guard of Raza Hamza. Hits him right on the point of the chin. Let's have a look at it from here. Right round and you can see his head the way he just jolted to the side. So, it's right on the point of the chin. Yeah, a cracking shot indeed. And there must be a lot of power in that shot. Razahamsa caught cold could not recover. I saw this week that Nick Bull, the Liverpool lad, has been installed as the WBC number one challenger. And who knows, a fight against Nathaniel Collins. That could be something very special. Roy Vargas currently holds the WBC title, but Collins, he is putting himself right in the mix. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. is if Nick B can get that world title shot and Nick B is, you know, he's a real handful. I think he's good enough to win a world title. If he wins a world title, what about a defense against Nathaniel Collins? That would be an absolute cracking contest. And I'm sure both boxers would relish it. The British boxing public would certainly relish it. And uh why not? But that's further down the road. Tonight, Nathaniel Collins has produced a tremendous shot, great first round, and um he he's won a good contest there. Well, there were whispers that he was tight at the weight and that the further the fight goes, the more he might suffer. Well, when it goes as quickly as that, you can be as tight as you like. Was caught with that shot, hasn't sort of over the guard of Raza Hamza. Wasn't expecting it. It was right on the point of the chin. &gt;&gt; Superb stuff. The fighters are now with the referee and all that remains is for Dev Sonni to confirm that dramatic first round knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, at the time of 24 seconds in the very first round, your referee Kevin Parker calls a halt to this contest. Therefore, your winner by knockout. And still, British and Commonwealth featherweight champion, Nathaniel, the Nightmare Collie. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Fight Night Live on TNT Sports from the AO Arena in Manchester, England. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren on behalf of Queensberry along with their great sponsors 32 Red and Uni Bet. We get things started with 12 rounds scheduled and it will be for the British and Commonwealth Featherweight Championships. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control. Steward in charge Robin Smith. CBC supervisor is Steve Hisp. Our timekeeper is Gary Brennan. Our three judges assigned all from England will be Victor Lachland, Mark Lyson, and Kevin Parker. Our referee in charge will be Kieran McCann of England. [Applause] Introducing to you first, the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes to the ring wearing black with red, white, and blue and weighed in officially at eight stone 13 lbs. Hailing from right here, Manchester, England, he is undefeated with 13 wins. Three of his 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Zack Mill and his opponent across the ring. He is the defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing gray with red and weighed in the same as his opponent, eight stone, 13 lbs. coming to us from Glasgow, Scotland. He is undefeated with 13 wins. Seven of his 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending British and Commonwealth featherweight champion Nathaniel, the Nightmare Poland. [Applause] Right gents, you both had your instructions in the dressing room. You know what I expect? Keep the fight clean. Obey my commands and most importantly, protect yourself at all times. Shake your hands. &gt;&gt; Well, Zach Miller had some nois. He supported the weigh- in yesterday. And I can report that here inside the arena here in Manchester tonight. He's taller and he says if he wins tonight, he's taking the belts to the Chinese karaoke later on. But there's so much work for him to do, Steve. Before that, against a world ranked fighter in Nathaniel Collins, who's defended the Commonwealth title four times to this point. It's the second defense of his British title tonight that he won against James Beach in March. Two kids that on paper, if you look at the stats, they're identical stats. 13 and0 13 and zero. But very different story if you just peer a little bit below the surface. His experience Collins is far superior to Miller's. That might be Miller's Achilles tonight, Fletch. &gt;&gt; Both of them in there in black and red. And the trunks that have got more red on them belonging to the champion, Nathaniel Collins from Bearsstead in Scotland. He's only had a 10-minute drive or so to get here tonight. Zack Miller, but stepping up in class, stepping up in quality of opposition against a man in there in Collins who we know can throw with power. What Collins is doing, Fletch, is he's fighting like a banger. I know he's stopped, I think, stopped or dropped five of his last six. And that's how he's fighting. He's looking like a man. He's just got to find an open, just got to find a gap. Miller needs to get his shoulders down and just relax. Easier said than done when you got 400 friends from your state watching the fight. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Collins, the champion, Southpaw in there, &gt;&gt; looking to work behind that right jab and then throw that left in behind it. It's the first title fight as a professional for Miller. His first scheduled count 12 rounder and the first time he's fought an opponent with a winning record. And Collins is the first southpaw that he's been in with as well. And the big question is how is this step up in quality going to affect him there tonight? And he is the champion. He started off here on the front foot landing the better punches in this opening round. &gt;&gt; What what what he's doing Collins quite well is he's making Miller work when Collins isn't working. He's just backed him up. Just getting a little bit close with that foot. And we're not even throwing punches. He's making Miller work. He's making Miller use an awful lot of energy for a fight that's only 2 minutes old. [Applause] Don't stop. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Just having a look at each other as you might expect in this first round. the British and Commonwealth featherweight titles on the line. Collins managing to land that with the exchange there. It will just provide some encouragement for Miller. &gt;&gt; And that was smart and it's the first time Mill has done that. He's he's let Collins miss with it with with his left hand and countered smartly and move. That's what he'll do. He's a tiny little boxing pitch. Just needs to relax a little bit. [Applause] And there's the bell to end the first round here in Manchester. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh College. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Okay. That shot you landed that back straight on. Step two, step to him. Make him throw him up as soon as you find him. Then he bring his back to the body. &gt;&gt; Welcome back to the AO Arena in Manchester. Don't start doing the talking. &gt;&gt; What a night. Seven title fights. some with world title consequences. Some of the best fighters in Britain involved along with men and women who have held world title belts. Every fight is fascinating in its own way. So, we're excited to be able to enjoy it with you. Second round scheduled for 12 then the British and Commonwealth Featherweight title fight between the Scotsman and defending champion Nathaniel Collins and the local man from Ashton underline Zack Miller. Just one or two sounds at the end of the first, Steve, that Miller might just be starting to find his range, but you'd understand it tonight if he's nervous in there. &gt;&gt; And he was nervous. He's clearly nervous. First two minutes lad pushed back. He was maybe overcompensating. He used to just relax and turn around fight. He's never been this distance before. Maybe he's going to go there for the first time. Just nice and slow and nice and relaxed. He's already slowed down picking his shots better. Collins &gt;&gt; talking about the power that Nathaniel Collins do. He stopped five of the last six men that he's been in there with. So that's bound to be in the back of Miller's mind. [Applause] &gt;&gt; There's already a really good atmosphere inside the arena which is far from full. But the Miller supporters in here are really making themselves heard. &gt;&gt; They make themselves heard. They followed this kid. This is one of the reasons why he's not had many tests. He's been selling tickets. He's popular. They're coming out for him. &gt;&gt; Whereas Collins, Collins has talked actually about how they how hard it is to become a star in Scotland. Slightly controversial, but hey, he's from Scotland and he said it. [Applause] just falling short with that left hand and was counted quite well &gt;&gt; by Miller. [Music] &gt;&gt; I think Miller's moving well, Fletcher. Really do. He's moving really well. Sure, he's under pressure, but he's not panicking. He's moving well. just started to find the range with the counter punches for challenge who all week has been very very confident particularly yesterday at the way and he seemed to relish the atmosphere supporters with him in the room making themselves heard and he seemed to be taking everything in stride he's just starting to find his range a little bit here though we know is a very very dangerous customer and he's got that experience and said they both got 13 fights that's where the similarities in their careers finish. He's had the rounds the season. Great counter it might be the best punch that Phil has thrown so far tonight the champion take a backward step. [Music] &gt;&gt; What's happening is their two front feet clashing a little bit. That's causing him a few problems. It's the first south, so he's not used to it. Collins is [Applause] And there's the belt. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Got the jab. The jab a little bit more. making snaps at you a little bit more. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But without overcommitting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The other way around this time. 10 n the other way. 10 10 to 9. &gt;&gt; When you lead and keep shape a little bit more time to square it up. &gt;&gt; Steve, let's have a look at this little counter punch that Zach Miller landed in the second round. &gt;&gt; We know he's a good start. And anyway, so &gt;&gt; it was a shot, but he's actually got his foot. Like I'd said there's a Southport clash of feet. Collins gets it every fight cuz he fights ordox fighters most of the time. Miller's never fought a southpaw, so the feet are clashing. &gt;&gt; Collins is a man on an upward trajectory and beaten his seventh title fight tonight. He's stopped five in the last six and he's been in that it's taken him to number six in the WBC featherweight rankings and the men ran one and two. Nick B and Isaac Dod go headtohead later on in the joint main event tonight. So, it's a fascinating night really in this division. Third round scheduled control. I &gt;&gt; think you'd say at this point that Collins, the champion, hasn't really been able to take control of things completely. Absolutely. I thought I thought he won the first and I thought he lost the second. Not a lot in either of those two. It could be two two either way. I think that so is Collins. He's getting a bit closer. Well, it's worth mentioning as well though. The success that Miller has, he's cheered to the rafters in here by his supporters. That's an outrageous plan by [Applause] very competitive to this point. Pretty even as well. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Been pretty good at this point, Steve. Staying out of Collins per and perhaps that's just something he's going to have to change. He might just get picked off cuz he is throwing bigger shots cleaner clear shots and the judges do like to forgive Miller some firing [Applause] [Music] trying to get inside that high hill guard. Good track, Miller. He's the busier man in the third round in there. &gt;&gt; He's just dropped a couple of shots just underneath the ground. Couple of body shots. Not a lot. One or two. Don't want to show too much. Just have a little touch. Have a little touch. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Is the man there at the moment? He's throwing the higher punches. &gt;&gt; Just seems to be finding some kind of the rhythm here in the third round of champion. &gt;&gt; That's a really good shot snaking off a cut through the guard that landed right on the chin of Sam Miller. Best punch we've seen from Collins up to now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he screwed that right up and then he landed the left cross. It was just a bit high. That would have been a really good combination. He meant it as well. &gt;&gt; Final 20 seconds in the fourth round. This has been the best round for Collins at this point. He was just caught there by a left on the way out though from Miller. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Having a work there. Miller's having to work there. But he is he is down there. He is connected and he's let he's letting his own body shots go. I think in the corner there Johan will be talking to Colin tell him to calm down. Missed the screw shot. Let's have a look. &gt;&gt; Good shot and the follow left just bounces off the shoulder. If the left comes crunching down, who knows that that's a good combination. Fletch &gt;&gt; measured it, didn't he? And then landed it very very cleanly. Nathaniel Collins, &gt;&gt; I always like it when I see good shots that are intended. Not good shots that land accidentally through a swing or someone falls over and over. like absolutely and that's what we saw. [Music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, going Steve is the chief second in Zach Miller's corner. Terry Flanigan, the former WBO world lightweight champion. He's in there, too. He's going to be handling the cuts. Familiar to this arena, of course, Terry Flanigan and these supporters, too. This this arena, this kind of atmosphere. I tell one thing before we came in this round starts. He said, "Steve, I'm a little bit concerned about how he'll respond." I tell you what, he'll be happy with the way he has responded. He also shot the occasion onto the four British and Commonwealth featherweight titles. Up for grabs tonight, the champion Nathaniel Collins from Scotland. And everything the local man sack does is received extremely warmly in here by his supporters who at this stage are dominating the room. I'm wondering if Collins might get a little bit closer this round. He had a good third round as you say. I wonder if we get a bit close. Really good left hand that forced the spray off the head of Miller. Just starting to land more significant shots towards the end of the third round. And here at the start of the four just starting to find his range and find his power. Sort of a little problem here that Miller's got to solve in there, but that was a nice counter left as Collins came in. &gt;&gt; Miller's not being at all bothered by, you know, he's stuck to a game plan. He's not panic. He's been putting on under a lot of pressure with this without having to without being hit a lot. He's been put under pressure. Collins continues to pump out that southpaw right jab. Miller just fall a little bit short with his work and likewise the champion too. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And it's the Miller supporters as you can hear singing his name inside the Manchester Arena. &gt;&gt; Miller digging into the body countered by Collins. He can be outworked, Collins. You know, you can hit him with three or four jabs. He is waiting a long time between his own shots. Who knows the final minute then of the fourth round. Pretty even round this one. That's a good shot by Miller. That's been his plan so far tonight to wait for Collins to commit then try and hit him with sharp counters and it's worked because Collins has thrown that left the southpaw left and he's over he's overthrown it been counted half a dozen times for [Music] [Applause] [Music] was trying with a two punch combination towards the end of this fourth round. Good shot by Miller though. Another decent counter punch from the challenger and that's the bell. So next up tonight a 10 rounder for the vacant WBC and WBO super welterweight titles. Hannah Rankin looking to get her hands on the world title belts and she's talking to Becky Ives. [Music] So Hannah Rankin comes next. Vacant WBC and WBO super welterweight titles up against the Slovenian Emma Kosine and we'll be joined by the unbeaten featherweight Raven Chapman here on commentary for that one and everybody's looking forward to that one tonight. Steve, what an opportunity for Hannah Rankin. It's a hard fight and ranking has got one of the rarest things in women's boxing. She's lost a few fights but she still fights the title. She's getting better with age into the fifth round then the champion Nathaniel Collins and the challenger Zack Miller say to this point with four rounds gone. It's only at this stage neither of them have really been able to take a grip of it. I've got it 2-2 because I never ever score drawn rounds. I've got it 2-2. But you know what? You could have it 4 Z. You could have it 3-1. I'm not bothered. &gt;&gt; Good work for Collins. Little bit off balance as he came in there. Miller just missing with that sweeping left hook. The big challenge he's got, I think, from this point is to put punches together in combinations. He's been okay with a single shot counters, but he's never really been able to put Collins under too much pressure in terms of a volume attack. He's got two things he's got to work on. He's got to throw a couple couple of shots as you say there correctly, but he's all start to work on pace. He's never been in a fight like this. He's never been where he's going in about a couple of rounds time towards the 789. That's that's when that's dark territory for them. We spoke earlier in the fight about the time they get closer together. This is the first time they've been stood toe-to-toe. They're very close now. And this is an opportunity for the uppercut to go in from Collins, which was thrown straight after a body shot that was dug in right behind the elbow of Miller. &gt;&gt; He looked comfortable in close, didn't he, Collins? Looked like a different fighter suddenly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, seemed like it suited him when he got in there. &gt;&gt; Coming in from the fight, Miller said his footwork, his hand speed, and his fitness would all be superior to Collins. find out about the the fitness aspect in the second half of this fight. &gt;&gt; He's just slowly Yeah, he is slowly getting marked up a little bit. Fletch there just on the left eye. You can just see they've been working on it for a couple of rounds. Miller is also starting to move quite a lot and a bit erratically. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is the first real sign of danger concern in there for Miller. Collins, as close as he's been, he's able to stand there and pick his shots at the moment. Seems very, very comfortable working on the inside. This is the kind of fight that suits the champion. [Music] &gt;&gt; He's got closer and closer. He stalked him now. He looks dangerous, Collins. It's really dangerous. &gt;&gt; Looks like it's Collins fight when they get close like this. Miller's got to solve the riddle. He's got to get the distance back again. managed to sneak a decent left hand in though as Collins came in. There's a bit of blood around the face of Miller. [Applause] &gt;&gt; That's probably the best round of the fight so far for the champion Nathaniel Collins. [Music] &gt;&gt; It's good to stay in a little bit to work the body. Yeah. But you don't want to be staying in there just getting in with a few too many uppercuts. Yeah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Too much now. &gt;&gt; What? What? Too much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; But he's having a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a massive push there, mate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Off to the boxing now again. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Welcome back to Manchester as we look at some of the work here &gt;&gt; in the previous round. That's a really nice body shot. But he followed up with a really sharp uppercut, Collins. He was starting to put his punches together in that round. &gt;&gt; That was the start of the round, Fletch. And he looked comfortable close shots. They were on the border line bringing them up the middle on the outside. Look comfortable. There's quite a bit of damage to the nose of Zach Miller. That's what they were working on in the corner between rounds. And Steve Ba was also saying to him, listen, you cannot stay in there that close for that long. You've got to get the distance back again. And that's wise words from the from the trainer. It is what they are. Rise worth, but easier said than done cuz he's good. He's good at trapping. He's good at getting his his his right leg outside your your leg, Collins. You can't move the track. He can do what he likes. Collins getting close again here at the start of the sixth round. He's finding it difficult to escape at the moment. The pressure continues to mount from the champion. And these are hurtful punches going in. The damage starting to get worse around the face of the challenger. And this is a Collins fight at the moment. This is how he wants it to go. It's a Collins fight and he's enjoying it. And I just realized L here we are going into the sixth round. He has got a mark on his face. He's got a mark on his face. He's marking up quite a bit. Miller [Applause] &gt;&gt; Collins gets that left hand through. The pressure from the champion now is relentless and there's no real answer coming back from Miller. counter punches that were keeping him off in the first part of the fight are now just bouncing off Collins as he comes in. What's happening? These counter punches that work so much in the first, second, and third. Now they're being countered and are being countered quite heavily. He is marking up Miller. He's now slightly open. He's having to work work his socks off to stay in this fight at this point. &gt;&gt; Collins won the Commonwealth title and only his eighth fight is being the champion since the summer of 2021. to emphasize the different circles the two men have mixed in Miller's last two fights. There's a sixrounder in Folton and a fourrounder in Liverpool. And he actually said in the buildup when the fight was made, I thought they'd be fighting some Frank off the estate when Steve Baylor called him. He thought he was a wind up and here he is against a man who feels like he can go a long way in this division in Nathaniel College. No prepared. You know that Steve Baylor is a good guy world champion in ter. But there's just a bit of grading a bit of quality coming out. There's a bit of graviting most of the shots and applying all in the pressure has to be really big on this point you feel for Jack. Yeah, this this is when he's going to have to prove what he can do. We know he's we finding out he's brave. We know he can move. But being brave and being able to move sometimes enough when a champion's on a roll like Collins is on. The blood continues to pour from the nose of Miller inside the final 30 seconds. That got a big cheer from his supporters. That right hand that he was able to land. They're still right behind him in here and he needs them at this point in the fight. &gt;&gt; He's still in the fight. He's losing, but he's still in the fight. &gt;&gt; Sure, that was a smile or a grievous towards his corner. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And there's the belt. Well, he still looks like he's enjoying it, but they got to patch him up. Patch him up in there. Got to do a bit of work. Let's have a listen. When you're at that range, it is know when your straight shots are going. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We can't let him get to uppercut range, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cuz he's throwing the upper right. Relax a minute. Give him a bit of space. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Got to try and keep at that range now. When his hands are up, he's easier to whip with a jab. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if he's got his guard up, make sure we jab him more. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, what says sensible keep your shots. As I say, it's easier said than done. You've only got to get to adjustment of your feet to get inside the arc of those shots. &gt;&gt; Well, you'd say as well, Stevie, he looks fresh as the days he does. He's waiting for the fight to start. Look at him. [Applause] &gt;&gt; So, into the seventh round. This one with the British and Commonwealth featherweight titles. I presume on your cards you've just got Collins now starting to get a bit of daylight between them. And he started this round while Steve backing mil the ropes immediately. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's pulled away in the last two rounds. It wasn't isn't just that he's won them by a point. He's dominated them. There's a big difference. Collins [Applause] the champion in control. It might just be a bit of damage to the nose of Collins. There is well in there. That might just spur Miller on. He'll take anything right now. Real step up in class in terms of the opposition for him tonight. And he's been brave in there. He made a good start to the fight. He's just going to try and find an extra gear if he can for what remains of it. He's got to try and find that gear. And it is a big step up in class. And what we're into now is for all intents and purposes, round seven, but they're his championship rounds next step. This is where he's been before. This is where he's never been in a hard fight, though. Let's get that straight. This is a very different life and fight he's having tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's remind you this is the first time that the challenger Zach Miller has been in a fight scheduled to throw brows. The first time he's been in a championship fight. So, this is educational for him. Never mind about anybody else. He's not been in this kind of situation before. So, he's going to find an awful lot out about himself in what remains of this contest. &gt;&gt; And we and we knew the occasion wouldn't get to him. We knew he'd fight his heart out. We knew he'd give Collins a test. But Collins still looks ominous as a as a threat, a comfortable threat. &gt;&gt; Collins tank looks pretty full at this stage and he's landed punches in there. Would it concern you the fact that Miller started to take long lingering looks at his corner when they're in the clinches? Not at all. I tell for why. Because he's a fighter that that that he trusts and trusts Steve Naylor. He's looking for things. He needs things, you know. Listen, he knows he's going to where he's never been before. So, every little bit of help he can get, he'll take Fletcher. Let's get that right. Less than a minute to go in the seventh. Very competitive in there between these two. Really good fight to start what could be a magnificent night of boxing here in Manchester. Solid shot from Collins that brought across from his corner. I think that hurt I think that hurt Miller. That big looping left. I think it came in blind. I think it hurt him. Miller continues to fight fire with fire. Continues to throw punches himself in there. He showed tremendous cuts and heart. This looks though very much like an 11th round or a 12th round of a title fight and not the seventh flesh. &gt;&gt; Collins goes to work again. Miller looking to respond. Big cheer from his supporters inside the arena. Final few seconds of the seventh round. Collins doing the better work again. [Music] [Applause] Yeah, early on he was making you miss with his feet. Yeah, his legs are getting tired so he's not stepping back as well. You need a bit more where you want two now. &gt;&gt; Again, don't be coming into that uppercut range. Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Got to stay out of that range now. The uppercut range. &gt;&gt; Tiring him as well. on that. &gt;&gt; You can lead yourself a little bit more cuz the feet aren't working as well, but you can't just &gt;&gt; Welcome back to Manchester. Let's have a look at some of the work in the previous round. The seventh. &gt;&gt; It's a good shot that from Collins, Steve. &gt;&gt; It's a powerful shot. He's coming forward. Bit of steam taken out of it because because at least Miller was going backwards. The main tactical advice that Steve Mik gave Zack Miller between rounds while he were away is that he's got to keep away from the uppercut. That's the punch that they fear the most. I think in the Collins arsenal, &gt;&gt; he's got very good feet than Nathaniel Collins. You can win a fight with your feet and he's doing a good job. He's getting close. He's getting out of distance. One of the cornermen also made the point he's getting tired as well, which tells you they think that their man is starting to find it tough in there. [Music] That was the back of the head trying to listen to me. It's the back of the head. You don't want to keep warming up coming into eight rounds. Don't hit him on the back of the head. Even if he's so hard to understand it. Don't do it again. &gt;&gt; Kira become nice and clear with the instructions of right in his face. Kieran wasn't messing around, was he? Good referee in that flex. Good refereeing. [Music] Eighth round. Steve's card's got Nathaniel Collins ahead. The challenge for Zack Miller here is how much has he got left? How much can he find? What can he do in what remains of this fight to turn it back in his favor? He's still in there and he's still full of ambition. He's still full of ambition and he's still in the fight. But he's got he doesn't know what he's got left for the remaining four and a half, five rounds. He doesn't know Fletch. There was that uppercut again. Just a short sharp shot that comes in from Collins and he seems to catch Miller with it every time he throws it. You can see why they're concerned about it in his corner. He does. He's doing a good job in a better job in this round Miller of creating that bit of space. So that it means Collins has got to go to. That's when you get corner counter when you take that jump. &gt;&gt; Nice combination there from Miller who threw it then got out of range and did exactly what the corner been trying to tell him. &gt;&gt; That's a good long left hand though that finds the target from Collins. It's already there. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Well, &gt;&gt; there were questions coming in, Steve, about the step up in quality tonight for Miller. But he's proof he deserves to be in there. There's no doubt about that. It's going to be great to counter himself. He's proved he deserves to be in there against this champion. Okay. And what's happened is it's a British title. He makes fighters do extraordinary things, especially a British title fight in front of your hometown fans. I'm not at all surprised by this, but he has been flat out for three or four rounds now. He's got the best of the previous exchange. I think that's been the big difference, hasn't it? He's just been the slightly better of the two whenever they've got close like that. There he is again just ending the ending the exchange with a left hand at his own Collins. Yeah, his eye is absolutely in Collins. He's still pick he's picking away. He's landing heavy shots when he needs to. He's mixing his body quality. He's fighting like the champion the east. Forget the fact they've had 13 fights. He's that much more seasoned. His demeanor has never changed all fight, has he? He's been cool, calm, and collected in there. He's been in control of most things. Lands a really good shot. I think the uppercut might have got through and he followed it with a good straight punch at the end. And then Miller right on the bell responding with a decent punch of his own. Good work posting there. I'm not saying he hurts. He's going to get carried away. But it's probably hit a right push right on the &gt;&gt; You got to set him up. &gt;&gt; You can't just throw him better than anyone. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can't just throw him. He's got to come off your face. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that range there. &gt;&gt; There's Solomon Dakers who we're going to see defending his English heavyweight title a little bit later on. He's up against Michael Webster from Middlesbrough. One of the really interesting fights on a super card here tonight in Manchester. It's a real privilege to be here, isn't it? When you think about the standard of fights we've got to to share with everybody tonight. &gt;&gt; You know, I think I said to you when we were talking backstage, I think we're going to see everything tonight. Shocks, unbelievable stoppages, unbelievable bravery, some great knockdowns, some people doing stuff we didn't expect. Some people doing stuff that we maybe did expect, but doing even better than we expected. &gt;&gt; This has been a good start to the night, hasn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's been a cracking start. This is a British title fight that would be proud of any on any bill. Not as a start with six more to follow. Don't forget we've got Hannah Rankin coming up next. Vacant WBC and WBO super welterweight titles against Emma Coin from Slovenia. Raven Chapman's going to join us on commentary for that one. And the co- main events tonight. Nick Ball against Isaac Dog. It could be an absolute cracker. And then the roof will come off when Nathan Heene challenges Denzel Bentley for the British middleweight title. That's all to come. Great fights between now and then. And this has been a really good one between the champion Nathaniel Collins and the challenger Zack Miller. &gt;&gt; He's still there though, Miller. He's still letting his hands go. He's still coming back when he's caught with clean shot. [Applause] [Music] Collins, the 10th Scotsman to win the British featherweight title. The first since John Simpson in 2011. Scott Harrison won a world title twice. He held the WBO version. He's the latest in the line of men from north of the border to hold this belt. And he's defending it with pride in there tonight against the local man from Ashton on the line. Good work by Miller. When the distance gets a bit wider, when the gap gets a bit wider, he has more success. When he's got Collins literally standing on his toes, he's got a problem. &gt;&gt; Yeah, soon as Collins can get close and bring the shots up and bring the shots around the side, he dominates. Creates a bit of space. Miller can hit him, but again, as you said about round four, Miller's got to put two shots to get him from distance, not one shot to give him from distance. &gt;&gt; Great body shot dug in there by Collins just around the elbow. Miller took it well and looks to respond and now they go toe-to-toe in the ninth here. &gt;&gt; Miller the one though significantly Steve who wanted to move away and he was made to pay by that uppercut that snuck through from Collins again. &gt;&gt; There were three or four really hefty body shots and then the fame with Collins adjusted his feet and bought shots for the head. He is showing a lot of bravery here tonight. Zack Miller an awful lot of bravery. Collins continues to come forward. Continues to stalk him. &gt;&gt; Continues to control the ring space in there. That's a decent combination though to keep him off from Miller. But the rest bites getting shorter and shorter and straight away the champion right back in front of him and throwing shots again. And he's cutting the ring down brilliantly. And I can see Steven Steven in the corner. He knows there's nothing that his fighter can do to not get the ring cut off, to not get himself trapped, and not to work. &gt;&gt; This has been an excellent round. Both men having to dig their toes into the canvas and fire shots from the opposition. &gt;&gt; Looking to whip that uppercut, the left uppercut, Collins, once more. That's his honey punch in there tonight. And there's the bell. That was a really good round. &gt;&gt; Cracking round. Hey, and you know the mad thing about that round, Fletch, is that I thought that Collins won that round hands down. But guess what? He had to fight for every single second. &gt;&gt; So there &gt;&gt; Listen, he's walking in the back catching these stupid shots. You need smarter with the ball and then stuff up and down. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. Just walking forward. Just walking forward and it's not good enough. You need to be smarter than that. You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] better. You hear me? Right. Listen, you need still need to get still need to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jab. Still need to bring your back hand in. Then look to bring your shots up and keep the pressure on them. Apologies for some of the words you might have heard, but I think that &gt;&gt; that's pretty much the last of the riot act being read to Nathaniel Collins by Joe Ham senior in there. They're not happy at all. &gt;&gt; But he's absolutely right. Whenever whenever he does step back, he's there's always one counter. Joe Ham Senior. I didn't realize it. I didn't realize he's a perfectionist. I I barely think they fend Collins put a foot wrong. He's just running the right when he's just running his fifth round on the spin. &gt;&gt; So, three to go. &gt;&gt; The championship rounds somewhere that Zach Miller has never been before. And he's in there against a very good champion in Nathaniel Collins. What's he got left? What can he do? &gt;&gt; Good combinations by Collins to start the round. [Music] Really accurate work at the start of the 10th here from the champion Collins &gt;&gt; popping out that southpaw right jab. &gt;&gt; So he listened to Joe in the corner. He's not going to make any mistakes. He's not going to step forward allowed himself to get picked off. He's waiting. He's he's it's the first time he's genuinely inviting Zack Miller in. &gt;&gt; Tell you what, Bony, if the rest of the night carries on like this, we'll all be happy, won't we? Well, we will. But we'll be going home at 4 in the morning. That's the only problem. [Applause] Good counter from Miller. That's what he did really well in the early part of the fight. The &gt;&gt; blood continues to flow from the nose of the challenger. [Music] &gt;&gt; The last time we saw Collins, it took him 24 seconds to get rid of his opponent. That was on his Queensbury debut at North York Hall. I think the feeling is that he hits slightly harder than his knockout percentage indicates. But Miller has taken everything well tonight. And that's what you do when you fight in front of your home fans for a British title. That's what you do. You fight out of your skin. And what's more, he's fighting sensibly in this round. He's not just surviving in this round. He's fighting sensibly. &gt;&gt; Let's go over a minute to go in the 10th. Still plenty of life in Miller. [Applause] His face showing &gt;&gt; the scars of battle. I &gt;&gt; think the point you'd make though, Steve, when you see the exchanges like this, he's in so much control. Collins, he just walked onto one there. That's a good punch from Miller. &gt;&gt; It's a good counter for Miller. Miller's boxing really well in this round. This might be a round. I'm not I'm not sure if he's won it, but he could even shake this round. He might be able to shake that round. This is a really competitive fight. I tell you, I'm going to hold my hands up. I didn't think we'd be in in round 10. I really didn't. I thought we'd have Collins a winner about eight or nine. I really did. Hands on hand and heart. &gt;&gt; Miller continues to have just enough success in there to get him heart and get him to leave. &gt;&gt; Even though the majority of the recent rounds you would give to the champion, Nathaniel Collins. [Applause] showing so much spirit the challenge. Of course, he is roared on by this crowd in here. Every single person seems to be behind him. You know, you can't w it out. I was talking to Martin Bowers in the week who's who looks after and trains Denzel Bentley and I was asking him about the Nathan Heene fight and he said Heene is going to come with 3,000 fans. He's going to fight with his heart. Well, there's Liam Davis, who's a man on a roll at the moment, and tonight he's going to defend his European and WBC international super banterweight titles against a man from Italy, Vincenzo Lafamina from Campa. And he was saying yesterday, he's always got that nice smile on his face. He was saying in the buildup to the fight that he wants to get it over and done with nice and quick. And I mean, you wonder what 2024 might look like for Liam Davis, the role he's on. &gt;&gt; Well, Liam Davis, I think, would expect to be involved in big fights. &gt;&gt; 24. And I think his promoters, Kingsby, will expect him to be, and that's why he needs to look good tonight, all over his feet, do a good job tonight, and I think he will. &gt;&gt; So, out they come for the 11th. This has been an absolute cracker between these two. Nathaniel Collins of Scotland, the local man, Zack Miller, &gt;&gt; and they've been pretty much toeto toe for the last three or four rounds now. &gt;&gt; This one's been excellent. You know what? There might be people, and I don't just mean I don't just mean Zack Mill as fans. There might be people that think this is a lot closer because a lot of the rounds have been close. I've just given them to the champion. I've just shaded the champion on each of those rounds. &gt;&gt; I would agree with you. I'm just thinking the rounds would have been close that just the better work, the better quality come from Collins. But there's been no lack of heart or desire or punches thrown by the challenger. &gt;&gt; Not at all. If he had any bad bad rounds, it was I think about round about round five or six when it looked like Collins was moving into a bit of control. Looked like Miller might be struggling, but he's come back. He's rallying. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Good uppercut from Miller. Really good from Collins rather. Really good shot. pierced the guard of Miller and jolted his head back. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Well, if we doubted that Miller would we we believe Miller would struggle over the 12 round championship fight against the Harden champion. Our doubts were unnecessary. He's proven it tonight. &gt;&gt; By the way, Steve, at a ferocious pace as well. &gt;&gt; From the very first bell, this has been a fast fight. I said after three rounds, this looks like round 11. And here we are in round 11. &gt;&gt; Good body shot from Miller. &gt;&gt; Coin trying to land the uppercut. Now he finds himself on the ropes. Now Miller towards his own corner. &gt;&gt; He's so tired in there though, Steve. Both men are. &gt;&gt; Both men are. That's the first time. That's the first time that Collins has found himself trapped on the rugs. Not not by design, but because he's been forced back and has taken shots. Still looks in control, but he was forced back there. [Applause] Ticking off for Miller from Kieran Macan. Didn't like the use of the forearm. Final minute of the 11. This has been a decent round for Miller. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Blood spread over the face of the challenger. Both men standing toe to toe again. And both of them have thrown so many punches. They've given so much in there. There's no surprise they shattered the pair of them. &gt;&gt; Tremendous conditioning for both of them. Both B both are in position. Both back in the half and both landing big shots. &gt;&gt; Look at them going at it toe to toe. Miller started it. Collins looking to finish it. Then both of them fall into each other's arms. &gt;&gt; Some of the shots there were phenomenal. I thought Miller I'm not saying he hurt, but he pushed him back. He's pushed him back throughout this round. &gt;&gt; Final 10 seconds of the 11. Miller took those two on the clubs. &gt;&gt; Both of them will be happy for the minutes rest between rounds, I'm sure, because they gave everything in that round. Brilliant round. Look at him there. Miller calling his fans. Come on. Come on. Saying to his fans, there's only 400 of them in there. It's early doors yet. The rest of the fans are coming in. People that have came in at 600 have been treated to a class. [Applause] [Music] The face of Zack Miller showing the scars of battle. He looks like he's been in a tough 11 rounds &gt;&gt; and he'll know it in the morning, trust me. But right now, he doesn't care. He's 180 seconds from going 12 rounds in a British title fight. That's a club. That's a That's a badge you wear with honor. &gt;&gt; I'm going to make a not too bold prediction here, Steve. One, my friend. &gt;&gt; Zack Miller is going to throw absolutely everything that he's got left in the 12th round. He's going to empty the tank and some here. &gt;&gt; Well, it's lucky I'm not a gambler cuz I'm not having that bet cuz that's obvious. That's obvious. &gt;&gt; And they're going to cheer him on as much as they can. Two men with a warm embrace. Two warriors who have given absolutely everything in there tonight. Final round. British and Commonwealth featherweight titles on the line. Victor Laughlin, Mark L, Kevin Parker. Three very important men. They're the three judges. Steve's got it in Collins favor, but Miller's never really taken a backward step. And some of the rounds that Steve's given to Collins may well have been seen differently by the judges here at ringside. Good shot there by Miller. &gt;&gt; It was so much Steve, to both of them. And Collins is having to dig deep himself here. The last two rounds has been the same thing. The body shots, the short hooks, every single type of shot. &gt;&gt; Nobody wants to take a backward step. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Shopping left hand from Miller. Collins lands with a left of his own. &gt;&gt; Toeto toe again. Center of the ring here in Manchester. Brilliant entertainment. It's been hard and draining for I would say from about the first or second round. They have gone at each other relentlessly. Neither of them have taken a backward step. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And there's hardly been a gap between them for about the last six rounds. They've just stood with their heads on each other's chest and throw punch after punch. Brilliant start to the night. Miller there sucker in giant giant mouthfuls of air to try and fill his lungs to get him through the last 90 seconds. &gt;&gt; Both of them landing decent shots in there, but they just bounce off each other. You'd have to say here that Miller perhaps looks the stronger of the two and has been just forcing and forcing players to retreat. [Applause] The crowd in here and it's only what a quarter full at this stage if singing themselves horse for Zack Miller. Minutes to go. Miller landing really good shots in there. Smiling. Look at his face. She's loving the NK &gt;&gt; and Colin holding. What we've got here, Fletch, is a small hall classic in a giant arena. &gt;&gt; Absolutely tremendous fight. &gt;&gt; Miller giving everything. Feels like he needs a big last round. And boy, he's trying to find one. Those shots continue to bounce off the face of the champion, Nathaniel Collins. 30 seconds to go. It's remarkable that either of them have got anything left to fight at this pace at this stage. &gt;&gt; It's the championship round. It's not the championship round. It's the championship round. Miller's never been here and he's fighting like a man that's lived here for the last 5 years. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, regardless of the outcome, Steve, I'd love to see this again. Wouldn't you? &gt;&gt; We very much will see it again in Scotland next time. [Applause] The final bout and both of them embrace. Steve Buns applauds. What a fantastic display by the pair and what a way to start this magnificent seven card. That was a great fight. And Miller is just delighted to get up. Miller doesn't think he's won. Miller knows what he's done here tonight has shot people. Had he gone 12 rounds by surviving, it would have been fine. But he's gone 12 rounds by going toe to toe. I tell you what, Steve, Mark Lyson, the judge who's nearest to our commentary position, just got off his stool, turned round, shook his head, and went, "What a fight." And then just walked past us. I think everybody around us is saying exactly that. &gt;&gt; You know, I took my headset off for a little bit there in that 12th and final round, Fletch. And I know where we are. We're in the Manchester Arena. There's about a thousand people in here. There's four or 5,000 empty seats at the moment. Okay. And it felt like I was in a cauldron. It felt like there was 1500 people surrounding me at York. It's incredible. Well, they've managed to do that. That's rare that in a giant arena you can create that much atmosphere to make it seem like it's intimate. Let's enjoy some of the action in the final round cuz it was brilliant. &gt;&gt; Some of the action in that last round when I when I thought Miller pushed Collins back and you know we use that expression toe to toe. We throw that around casually. They did go toe-to-toe. They went toe to toe. They went glove to glove. They went headto head. They went shoulder to shoulder. Kieran Macan did a great job. just two warnings throughout the fight. They used a lot of lot of stuff that was was borderline and as you that that grin and smile you love that grin on smile, don't you? &gt;&gt; That made the fight for me. That made the night for me and we're only in the first round. I mean, nobody's enjoyed his night quite like Zack Miller has. I don't know how you can put yourself through that and enjoy it to that extent. &gt;&gt; You know, the crazy thing, if that had been the last fight of eight or nine fights, which would have been a normal thing, we'd be going off into the dark happy as you can possibly be after a night of boxing. It's not. It's the first one. Not even 700 p.m. yet. &gt;&gt; What a staff. What a &gt;&gt; And so we wait. &gt;&gt; I think we're ready to get the decision. The important man to tell us who's won it is Thomas Triber. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Kevin Parker scores this bout 114 to 114 even a draw. And both judges Mark L and Victor Laughlin are in agreement. They both scored the same 115 to 113. Both in favor of your winner by majority decision. And still British and Commonwealth featherweight champion Nathaniel the Nightmare Pin. [Music] The challenger in the blue corner. He is unbeaten with a record of 14 wins and no defeats with seven big wins coming by way of knockout. At the weighin he scales eight stone 13 lb. And tonight he wears the white shorts. Ladies and gentlemen, presenting from Bears, Scotland, the reigning British and Commonwealth featherweight champion. Introducing Nathaniel the Nightmare Collie. [Applause] And across the ring in the red corner, he has a record of 18 wins, only two defeats and two draws with four big wins coming by way of knockout. At the weighin, he scaled eight stone 13 pounds. And tonight he wears the blue short. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the former twotime Italian champion, the former WBC International Silver Champion, and the reigning defending ABU Silver Featherweight Champion from Cambiano, Italy, Francesco Grandi. [Applause] Okay, gentlemen. I went a good clean fight. Follow the rules. Obey my comments. This is the belt line. This is the belt line. No bunches below this line. May the best man win. Second hands. Good luck. &gt;&gt; A very bold career move. Nathaniel Collins, the reigning British and Commonwealth featherweight champion, seeking to spread his reputation a little further and quite fast in European terms. All the while very keen to campaign on in pursuit of outright ownership of a long sail belt. But that's for another night. I think he may well have his hands full here, Richie, tonight against Franchesco Grandi, who has fought at a very high level and for the proper European title. He's fought for the European title. He's been beaten by another Italian actually as the Mario Forte. He's also drew with him. But what's what's significant there Paul is Forte is a Southport also. So he may struggle against um Southpaw opposition and Collins certainly is decent indeed. The career up to now 14 and0 seven knockouts. So decent power also. So yes on paper this could be an interesting one. &gt;&gt; Really interesting signing by Queensbury I thought at the time. Richie, I thought the timing of it was particularly interesting. One of those uh partnerships where you say, "Go on, you bring out the best in me and I'll bring out the best in you." And so far it's worked really nicely. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it has worked. As I say, he's he's a decent sore indeed. Collins, skillful, good mover, decent power. So, Grandelli, you see have his work cut out. Just taking a look at Collins on the outside keeping the movement going. Collins holding that center of the ring and um having a bad first round here. Pretty tentative start from Grand Deli, but don't be fooled by that. The record is strong. Some quality operators have come across against him including Rhys Belotti and Christian Navves. The first meeting with the affforementioned Maro Forte was a split draw. I understand Collins of course knows all that and has prepared for it accordingly and he's looking really good in there in the opening couple of minutes. Yeah, I think he's boxing well at distance early on here. Collins working well behind his jab. &gt;&gt; He's not holding his feet and &gt;&gt; just keeping his distance and measuring the distance with that jab. That was a perfect example there. That was a good shot. I think Grandi is just taking this is a scouting mission for Grandelli in this opening round. He's staying on the outside and seeing what Collins has got. Collins for me. He's winning the round just behind the better boxing holding center of the ring and I think he's just controlling things better. Apparently felt that they didn't quite see the uh best of Collins last time out as he defended the British and Commonwealth titles against Zach Miller in Manchester. got into a bit of a rut in the fight in terms of his rhythm and they feel that Grandi's style might be more to his liking and it seems that is the case so far tonight. Gandeli there just made the mistake of just probably trying to get a little bit too close too early in the contest as he's walking forward, closing the gap and gets caught. [Applause] [Music] Oh, it's really bubbling along really Well, here tonight, welcome back everybody to the York Vessel Green. Nathaniel Collins put the first round in the bank. 12 rounder Joe Ham who's been with him man boy on this big night just setting the task for the second round and indeed the road ahead which could yet be a long one against Franchesco Gandeli, a very capable operator from Italy. He has started orthodox style here tonight against the southpaw. [Applause] &gt;&gt; He can be a right bag of tricks, Richie. I've seen him before. You know, he try anything. Well, his movement is um is quite good at the moment on the outside, but he's not he's not delivering any good shots. So he's trying to stay elusive on the outside, but he's not actually coming back with anything himself to trouble Collins. I think Collins taking the center of the ring, working well behind his jab and just maintaining the gap and he's sort of letting Grandi just do this movement back and forward. But Collins is straight shots are much better. He's accurate and like I say, took the first round. That's what that's what Grandelli's got to do. He's got to concentrate on getting up close and maybe then bringing that right hand left hook into play. At the moment he's been out boxed on the outside. &gt;&gt; He has been out boxed. It's almost as though they come here with a plan tonight to do something to confuse Collins a little bit. And Collins has seen it off and raised it. &gt;&gt; Well, good variation there from Collins as well cuz he's working well with his jab, but a couple of good body shots went in there. There's that left hand again downstairs. So, Grandelli's got the problem of work there to get away from the jab, but also then Collins switches downstairs with that left hand. &gt;&gt; As you say, Richie, if he's going to afford Collins the distance to work, he's going to have a a hard night of it. That would appear to be the case. I mentioned Reese Belotti and the victory there, but I am told that in that fight the body was a vulnerable area and that the Collins team believe that that is something that they can capitalize on tonight. We have seen that early on. &gt;&gt; And as Mandeli is coming forward for, that's what Collins may target. He's working well behind his straight shots. Collins with the jab, but we've said he switches downstairs with a couple of those left hands with a left little short left uppercuts as his opponent's coming forward that he may target. But at the moment, I think this is a real sort of patient display from Collins, staying on the outside and he's coping with this music. This um with this movement from Grand Deli and uh I think he's boxing well here to a plan. They've really thought about it, but Grandy's one of those guys, Richie, could just take a little a round or two to crank it up. It's been a terrific start from Collins, but Grandelli may only be getting started himself. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Welcome back everybody. The big featherweight title fight here tonight at the Yorkour Vessel Green. Two rounds into it. Terrific start for the home fighter and for the visiting fighter. It's been a test, but I've seen this guy rise to the test before. Franchesco Grandelli, Nathaniel Collins. Real smart plan, very well executed from the get- go here tonight. Bit more out and to the side here early in this third round. Collins Richie, the phrase Yuyu is dead right. Patience. If he stays patient, I think he can see most of the problems and a way to work his way through them. Yeah. Again, boxing sensibly, Paul. He's not doing anything special. He's just doing the basics. He's keeping that gap between himself and his opponent, adjusting his feet. Sometimes he'll step backwards to create that space and he's just punching into that space. So, at the moment, Collins is boxing well. Grand Deli with the movement, but it's it's negative movement if anything. He's got to be a little bit quicker on his feet and get get up close, find a way to get up close to Collins, maybe double up the jab and then switch his own attacks downstairs, but the movement on the outside at the moment is not working for him. So, he's got to change his approach. &gt;&gt; I thought he tried to do that a little bit at the start of the round, Richie, going out to the side a bit more, &gt;&gt; but maybe he doesn't believe in it enough. I don't know. bit of nose damage to um Collins. So obviously a couple of shots have got through. Oh that is you know what Paul took a a punch on the nose there. Collins looks to be damage to the nose of of Collins. &gt;&gt; One or two drips of blood that will encourage Grandi tried to close the distance a little better. WWE. [Applause] &gt;&gt; The nose doesn't look very good, Richie. I know it's an occupational hazard. Yeah, just took a shot on it. Most certainly won't be a broken nose there for Collins. There's an old saying, Paul, you can't go into the rain and dodge all the spots. You know, he's winning this contest, but he's he's got caught with a with a good punch. &gt;&gt; He's not noted as a particularly big puncher is Grandi. &gt;&gt; Only got to find the target and time it right. Of course. [Applause] Oh, good boxing there from Collins, &gt;&gt; anticipating the attack coming and just fought fire with fire there. &gt;&gt; He has retained his composure really exceptionally well. Now, of course, he should be. He's a championship fighter. He's a British and Commonwealth champion, but he's not used to being inconvenience the way he was in this round. And he still has put it in the bank, I think. Most certainly Paul, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; we think we know what did the damage here, Richie. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it could have been an elbow here. Let's have a look here. That might have been the That might have been an elbow that's caused the damage. It's obviously broken the nose there. There it is. There. I should think it's broken, Paul. The weight's sort of um crooked. It's gone crooked, hasn't it? So, it's probably a broken nose. &gt;&gt; That's what you get in in a in a fight, Paul. You know, just the way it is in the other corner. I know this will chime with you, Richie. Franchesco Grandi as his father, Antonelli. Of course, many will remember the very well- loveved Len Woodall who guided Richie through his career. [Applause] Grandelli came out with a few of his tricks in that third round of varying degrees of legality. I think we might see a bit more of that from him. &gt;&gt; I think he had had a better round, Gandelia, that third round, but I don't think he won the round. I thought um Collins finished quite strong, &gt;&gt; but certainly Grandi's learning as this fight's going ahead. So, he knows he's got to get up closer. He knows he's got to do things different. And occasionally Collins, yes, he does drop his hands cuz when any boxer throws a punch ball, then they're a little bit vulnerable in getting their hands back and so on. And Grandelli, you see, get he's trying to get close. So, he's trying to grasp the opportunity when he can. He knows he's got to be quick in there with his feet, so he's learning. But he's three rounds down and he's got a lot to to claw back. &gt;&gt; He's one of those guys, Rich. He just needs a round to get going. And this style is what I've seen with him before, the little darting movements, hand and feet. But by now, the pattern of the fight seems very well set. And Collins is comfortable, isn't he? He's comfortable because his ring position is perfect as well, center of the ring, and he's keeping Grand Deli on the outside for most part of of this contest. What Grand Deli's got to probably do a little bit more of is double up his attacks or sustain the pressure and try and push Collins back to the ropes. That could change things. But at the moment, as I said, Collins is coping with the movement. So Grand Deli has got to change it. Got to quicken up and certainly got to get up close. So he's got to take the odd caution um sorry the odd resiscue and therefore get up close to him and try and land the bigger shots. I know he's not technically on home territory tonight but the crowd here at the Yorkour Beth Green are really taking to Nathaniel Collins here. had that big win against Raza Hamza. Of course, that was a very short night for him back in August here at the York Hall. And tonight, in a higher grade of opponent, we're seeing a bit more of what he's got. And I'm pretty impressed with this, Richie, I'll be honest. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, it's going well up to now. &gt;&gt; That's not too bad now from Grand Delhi. Vanelli for me, Paul has got to sustain it a little bit more. He's just allowing Collins then to have a little bit of a breather, regroup, and then set again and wait for the next attack. So, he's got to either double up them attacks or he's got to sustain the pressure and put Collins under more pressure. Paul, see, he's coping with the pace. Collins is [Applause] again showing will in Grand Rell but not quite delivering on it. [Applause] Okay. Okay. Now on you stay in front. Okay. As you snap down the ball as you come again. You all right? Good. Brilliant. Yeah. Keep behind the jab. &gt;&gt; Are you all right? I'm fine, he says Nathaniel Collins in West Glasgow. Here he is in the east end of London and I think he's winning some admirers here tonight. He &gt;&gt; is indeed tough Scotsman, isn't he? Um, Collins, he's boxing very well up to now. &gt;&gt; Apparently, he used to get the odd look when he was walking through the gles back and forth from what he says. He said he was residing in one of the poshest parts of Glasgow and he went training in one of the toughest. He might get the odd look tomorrow morning if he starts walking through. Paul, &gt;&gt; is that nose damage? &gt;&gt; I think if you live like that, you're quite self-confident anyway, aren't you? &gt;&gt; I think he will be. again dictating terms to Grandi early in this fifth round. Grandi has not got into his top gear so far tonight. I'm still content to just stay on the outside and look for openings and that but that's what we're what we're saying about Collins, how patient he is, just waiting and just picking him off with the jab and waiting for him to come forward. But Richie, one other element to this and we were told that in the Bellotti fight in particular, Grandi took very badly to the body work that Belotti put upon him. I'm not seeing much of an attempt at all by Grandelli to do that to Collins. No, you're right, Paul. But, um, Grand Deli for me, Paul, he's struggling to get close. You see, he's on the outside again. He's looking for openings here and there. He's going left, he's going right. But &gt;&gt; Colin staying patient and just sticking out that jab. And if anything, Grand now is getting more and more frustrated cuz he knows it's slipping away. As Richie reminds us, Grandelli is the title holder. This is the European silver title. Not to be uh confused with the proper European title, but it wouldn't have put Nathaniel Collins in a very good position if he wins well here tonight, and he's on course to do that to actually go British, Commonwealth, and European title proper. Yes. Impressive indeed. &gt;&gt; You can't ignore a guy who's got those three belts, Richie. I don't care. &gt;&gt; No, not at all, Paul. &gt;&gt; Again, too far out. There's no way you're going to land that left up from that distance. You can see it coming a mile away. So again, um just signs of frustration just leaping in with that left up. Grandi too far out. And again, I think Collins just controlling the pace, Paul. &gt;&gt; Controlling the pace. &gt;&gt; Oh, that was better for him. &gt;&gt; Once he gets close, Richie, it's taken an awfully long time. Almost to the halfway point in the fight. [Music] Welcome back everybody. Your call Bethl Green. The crowd captivated by the featherweight contest in there right now. And next we will go to super featherweight once more. The super talented Ryan Garner. But what an intriguing fight ahead against Liam Dylan. Until very recently, the British champion. Great card again here on TNT Sports tonight. &gt;&gt; Richie, you've got it as a shut out, haven't you? Yeah, I haven't given Grand a a round, Paul. I think he's been totally outboxed. There have been glimpses. There was towards the end of that last round, he got close and landed a nice left hug, but they are literally glimpses here and there from Grandi. I think he's been out boxed every round up to now. &gt;&gt; Just did get that little bit closer at last with the very closing salvo in the fifth round. Little bit of encouragement much needed for Grandi. There he is standing on his toe for all his worth. Needs mustard, your granddaddy. He gets close again. He started this round better than probably most of them. Paul, as you say, is starting to get a little bit closer and in a 12 round contest, yes, you can slow down here and there, have the round off and maybe, who knows, Collins may have just been feeling the pace, but it's a better start for the round from Grand. &gt;&gt; He hasn't at least picked up from where he left off in those closing moments in round five. Well worth keeping an eye on the footwork here Rich because it looks like the penny has dropped and again he does get close. &gt;&gt; Right. So what's happened here now Paul in this round? You see Collins has started to trade a little bit more now. Holding his feet, starting to trade. So that's allowed Grand Deli more success. He's got an opponent who's who's not really moving or not keeping him on the end of those long straight shots. He's trading with him and Grandi is having a fair share of it as well. This is the type of contest that he wants. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And very much what they've wanted to see from their man in that Grand Deli corner. And now the Italians are getting quite excited. There's a shift in the plot here. Subtle for the moment. Collins is still the boss. &gt;&gt; Grand is making him work. Yeah, because in this situation, Paul, it very becomes a very much a 50/50. When you're trading like that, you can take a shot, you can land a shot. And now he's having a little bit more success. And that's why they're encouraged in that Italian corner. Finding one or two to the body at long last. Grande. I think Collins caught the right hand fairly flush. I know he was leaning down if you wait forward. It was all right. But there's a little bit of concern now in Collins corner that Collins has let into this by stealth. He wants it to be hard. He wants it like this. Grandi Collins was giving him a boxing lesson for five and a half rounds. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Now it's a lot more even. &gt;&gt; This is what I thought we'd see from Grand Deli from the off tonight. &gt;&gt; Well, that's probably what the contest that he wanted. [Applause] in the bank. Box him belly big balls when it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ready. You hear me? Okay, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stop being bully big balls now. &gt;&gt; Here's Liam Dylan getting ready to go. We've seen Ryan Garner in the opposing dressing room. Super featherweights meeting. Very big night for both. Dylan, local boy who's come through the hard way. Admirable career progression all the way up to the British title which he lost to the fighter we've been speaking about. A &gt;&gt; change in the tone in the corner. [Applause] Not the first time there's been a bit of hairdressing work in the corner. What was interesting there Paul was certainly not happy in Collins's corner. They know that their boxer is the the opponent into it in that round. He's taken some risks. He's got caught with a couple and and Grandi may have just shaded it. On a side note, a fashion note. Richie, is it appropriate that guys are allowed to have that kind of long hair coming into the ring tied up in that fashion? Richie, a lot of a lot of people have to spend a lot of money in very posh hairdressers to get the job done right. He's just got a bit of gaper tape on it. See, listen, we're all individuals and if you He likes to have his hair long. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. Good shot. Grand backs off. He was rocked by that. He took it well enough. The hair's all over the place again. There might be another interruption. Bad hair day or not, Collins gets on with it. Yeah, what a sustained attack this is from Collins. We've been saying that Brandelli should be boxing like this, but Collins is really taking it to him. Yes. And feels that he could finish the job here for needs to be careful for me. Yeah, absolutely. Takes a right hand as Grandelli came out of that clinch. It wasn't really delivered with full force at the point of the uh extension of the arm, but a little reminder nonetheless. &gt;&gt; And he calls it off. But Collins has just put manners on him with that little passage, hasn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has indeed. &gt;&gt; Might need to do so again though, I reckon. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he gets caught again. It's Grandi's type of fight, isn't it? So, he's taken a good shot, but he's come through it. Grandelli. I think Coohl's have got to regroup again, get back to his boxing, get Grandi to come over that front foot, make the mistakes again, and pick him off. But what when they're toe to toe, Grand Deli is right in this contest, Paul. &gt;&gt; And the hair is all over the place. Now, I'm saying about the hair, I mean, if people want their hair like that, that's fair enough. But make sure it doesn't come loose in the fight. You've got to crazy. [Applause] You know, it's even become a hindrance to him now. Grand himself must be a distraction. &gt;&gt; Keep shaking his head. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Anyway, he's more used to it than Collins. &gt;&gt; He might be sending out for a pair of scissors in a minute. [Music] It's &gt;&gt; not the fluid Collins of the first nearly five rounds tonight. He's put that part of the fight in the back, I reckon. And Richie, I think you concur. But there might be another twist or two in the overall story of this fight. 12 rounds, remember, at high level and again at close quarters. Granelli knows what he's doing. Yeah, experienced and prepared to take a shot and then comes back with a couple of good punches of his own. Oh, that's a close round indeed. [Applause] Okay. Make a good work. Oh, got it. &gt;&gt; They're animated and they're excited and they're not yet going for the scissors. You remember when Paulie Malini did that? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Good memory, Paul. Yeah. similar sort of style. &gt;&gt; Well, me and Steve Buds were there. That's why we remember it. Richie, &gt;&gt; it's a bit chaotic, honestly. And uh flying in all directions. &gt;&gt; I think some of these are extensions actually, which makes it more absurd. In all seriousness, that shouldn't be allowed. &gt;&gt; Good word from the referee, though. &gt;&gt; Grandi by all means available to him. And I have seen this with him before. Richie emphasizing all means available. An elbow which did a bit of damage to the nose when he was under pressure early on getting up onto Collins's chest. Well, that's fair enough. But this additional aid in terms of distraction at least with the flying hairdo. It's all to be negotiated here by Collins. You know what, Paul? I don't know whether a bit of complacency might have come in into Collins's work because up until a couple of rounds ago, I thought he was fairly comfortable. He'd won every round. He was boxing sensible. He was boxing at range more and more and then he just switched off and he just allowed um Grand Deli just to close that gap and then he's in a dog fight and then he gets caught with a couple of good shots. I think he he lost the one round then he certainly lost that last round again. It was a close round but I just give it to Grand Deli and he's allowed the opponent in. So, he's allowed the opponent to start to dictate his type of fight. Up until two rounds ago, I thought he was cruising this. Me, too. But 12 rounds of championship action, and there can be many a twist and a turn. There's just not the same confident control from Nathaniel Collins in this phase of the fight. Round eight. And the problem you've got, Paul, when you start taking clean shots, that starts to tire you out. And unless you've been there, you you don't realize that. But all of a sudden, you're in a fight that you're coasting. You're six or seven rounds in, you start taking some big shots, and then all of a sudden, you start feeling it. And then I think probably that's what's happening with Collins. He's really feeling the pace now. And the shots that he's taken are adding to that fatigue. Vanami sens is a rather grand comeback at the moment, the blue corner for the Italians with his father at ringside tonight. And indeed also in that corner there is Francesco Church who there's a different era now but topline operator twice for Charlie Mry who is an outstanding fly world champion. Wow. So, some experience. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Charlie Mag hero. He was WBC champ. What a fight. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Looks like he could throw a bag of cement for fun. Grandelli. And now he's finding the body of Collins. And Collins is feeling them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he is. I mean, pack punch output now. There's more coming from Grandelli than there is Collins. Collins is still in this. Of course he is. But there's just more shots coming from Grand Deli and they're probably just catching the judge's eye. Intriguing. [Music] [Applause] Grandi corner excited and animated as we take a check on your scorecard, Richie. Oh my goodness me. It's getting rather close here, Richard. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's creeping back into it. My That's my opinion anyway, Paul. Um I give him the first five rounds, but the last three then Van Deli for me is coming back. A great many words. The most important one that I heard in that Italian corner, Braisimo. This is the fight again, Richie, I thought we would see from the start tonight. All horses for courses, but Grandelli has gradually clawed his way back Paul and he's just got um Collins to hold his feet and trade and that's what he's probably wanted from the start. But um Collins just out boxing for those first five. I just like to see him try and get back to that sort of style, but obviously he's getting more and more tired and now he's into a toeto-toe battle against a real strong opponent. The back was to the blue ring post again there, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; That's it. In these type of contest, Paul, keep the punches straight so you keep a gap between yourself and your opponent. And with your movement, go circular. So get off the ropes, stay in the center of the ring or box and ring space. Don't let him get in the corners or on the ropes. That's what Collins has got to try and get back to. And at the start of this contest, for the first four or five rounds, that's what he did. We've mentioned it several times, how he controlled the center of the ring and kept Grandelli on the outside. But the tables have turned. They have. And the southpaw jab looks rather tired. &gt;&gt; No massive distress signals in terms of overall fitness, but it's just not the same weapon, is it now? &gt;&gt; No. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And obviously that's added to Grand's confidence. He senses victory. Maybe Grandi all along Richie thought I will get to him. I will grind him down. &gt;&gt; He's grinding him down now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe that was the master plan. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's good work though. Now he should move. &gt;&gt; Funny sort of Italian job though, isn't it really? To give away four or five rounds and then get going. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Might work out for him. Well, &gt;&gt; we need to see the classy Collins of the first part of the fight. That's a bit more like it. But away you go. And he doesn't really do that much. &gt;&gt; No, that was a lovely one too though, Paul. That was lovely boxing. [Applause] &gt;&gt; This is where you shouldn't be backing up. Just stay in that center. And as he comes into range, just pop the jab in the straight left hand out. That's it. You see, there you go. That's what he's got to do. But once you edge back to the ropes, it just encourages him to come forward. [Applause] &gt;&gt; A fight we cannot take our eye off or prejudge. Never quite as explosive as what we've seen earlier here at the Yorkour Bal Green, but it's high quality. It's intriguing and is still very much in the balance. [Music] [Applause] [Music] So, backstage now with Denel Bentley. There's still a little bit of time to go before his big moment comes tonight. What a cracking middleweight contest it is at the top of the bill. He has to get this one right tonight and he knows it. There's Chris Burke actually in his dressing room. One of his closest friends in boxing who's had his good days and bad days here at York Hall Green. This has to be a good one. And all the Bentley team Martin Bowers is in there as well. They know that in against Danny Dnham &gt;&gt; and Collins is still in an argument here against Francesco Brandelli. [Applause] Only three to go, Richie. Yes, in that last round I thought just Collins just edged Grand Deli out. A little bit better boxing from him. Maintain that gap for longer periods in the in the round. I think Grand Deli probably senses that now and he knows he's got to close that gap again. Can I add one other element to this, Richie? which is scored by EBU appointed officials self-evidently. It's a European title belt on the line of course and sometimes over the years we have seen differing interpretations to what the so-called orthodox view would be if it were three British judges or three American judges or three South American judges etc. Well, that's fair enough, Paul, but I see it very difficult how you could score the first five rounds not to to Collins because I thought he boxed him completely and Mandeli was really struggling at distance. &gt;&gt; Nothing in that. But, um, ce then it's certainly been a different fight. Much much closer and Gelli's had a lot of success up close. [Applause] Collins can't keep him off him really. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Back into that Italian corner. [Music] &gt;&gt; Collins trying to give off the signals that he's seeing him off, that he's got his measure. might be a little optimistic. [Music] &gt;&gt; Still, the pace has dropped just a little bit from Grand. He's put a lot into the last three rounds. I don't know, Rick. He might be saving a bit for the last two. &gt;&gt; Yeah, his feet have slowed a little bit, haven't they? The intensity's just dropped a little bit. So, he may be feeling the pace also. And that's probably just helped Collins a little bit here. But still when he's up close and Grandi is so dangerous, &gt;&gt; he really is &gt;&gt; unorthodox a handful, but his fit and his game, &gt;&gt; there's no point telling him he's outclassed. He just ignores that. He was outclassed style-wise in the first part of this, but that was only the first chapter. Still that nagging doubt that Collins could get tagged in one of these exchanges. Properly tagged. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I think we're heading into the proper championship round shortly and both are going to have to dig deep. [Applause] Certainly captivated the crowd here at the awful green. not used to fighting overseas. They've been coming to him in Italy. [Music] Loose translation, Richard, you're right in it. &gt;&gt; I think they are right in it, but in that last round, he might have just been edged down. I thought he slowed the feet slowed a little bit and that just allowed Collins to to catch him as he's coming forward. Who knows? But they are close rounds, Paul. But I just think Collins has eggs back ahead with those last two rounds. [Music] Of [Music] course you are the ideal man refi to see us through a fight like this thinking back to your own career European title against Sylvio Branco. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Tough fight for me Paul. Branco, quality kid, went on to win the WBA lightweight title and yeah, I had to really dig deep that night. I managed to catch him in the ninth round, but it was either him or me that was going to go. So, yeah, I've been in this situation tough. The Italian boxers are, you know, they're all tough. They come to win, and this fellow has here tonight as well, but yeah, I've been there myself. &gt;&gt; Grandi must know that he's got to keep on the offensive. Yeah, he's got to keep the pressure on. And you're right, Paul. I mean, judges might see it differently because of this front foot pressure. &gt;&gt; In the last five or six rounds, he has been coming on stronger and stronger. Another reason I have to say it, Rich, is I once saw Damian Kelly in Belfast to our eye. Not saying we're experts, but completely dominated against an Italian in a European title fight. They lost it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember the fight. He was a quality kick for Kelly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he did lose a number. &gt;&gt; Not as accurate as he needs to be. Grand, &gt;&gt; you get the sense there Paul gaining in confidence again. Knows he's got to get up close. Really taking it again. Punch out, but more punches coming from Grand Deli. &gt;&gt; I think he saved a bit in the 10th Ricky. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is a storm that Collins has got to get through center there. Just holding on on the inside. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Winning it hard at the moment. Collins. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Perhaps it might come to be seen as a right of passage on his rise to the very top level, Nathaniel Collins. &gt;&gt; But he's going to learn plenty. from this &gt;&gt; lovely little shot on the inside there from saw a little left uppercut but again oh good shot he's tough Paul &gt;&gt; it's a proper hard one this now isn't Yeah, the the fitness of both boxers is being really tested now. All credit to them. &gt;&gt; Obviously trained really hard taking big shots. That's a good shot there from Collins. Grandi backed up a little bit, but back to it in the pocket. Output is everything to him. And they both sit down quite heavily on their stools. They need you understand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Smart work next round. &gt;&gt; Tough tough fight indeed. They're &gt;&gt; both trading on the inside. Cracking little shot there from Collins. Just &gt;&gt; the more accurate puncher. &gt;&gt; Blow for blow, isn't it? They're switching the attacks from body to head. Both feeling it. And the Italian corner still feel their man. [Applause] &gt;&gt; All or nothing it has to be for Franchesco Grandelli. Nath Nathaniel Collins has put on quite a show tonight. Some really polished work in the early part of it. But 12 rounds at European level, you got to show that you've got the all round capabilities. Collins may be shading it to our eye, but we don't know for certain. I thought he lost that last round. Paul, it was a good round for Grand Deli. He certainly increased the punch output, but he will probably know that he needs something big in this last round. They would have told him that in that corner. You can see the urgency in the Italian corner. They know that probably needs a big last round and probably a stoppage here. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Took one there, Collins, didn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; As he was coming forward as well. &gt;&gt; Has to be the hardest fight of his career. Are you sure? &gt;&gt; Oh, definitely. 100% and doing it the hard way right to the end. It's a little bit of a classic your call affair, isn't it? Now, [Applause] not quite the intensity in the buildup given that we've got a very talented kid in the west of Scotland in Nathaniel Collins and an Italian coming to the east end of London. Maybe not quite the edge that Bentley Dignam are going to bring to the ring, which is the battle of London really. However, it is a battle this for a big prize. There's some quality boxing here on the inside, Paul from both of them. Short and mid-range shots going in there, hitting the target. We often see that in contest, but you know, a lot miss the targets in contest, but here landing good shots, quality work on the inside here. Clean stuff. What a hard fight. Really tough. And it's been that good, Richie. It wouldn't shock me if we were to see these two meet again for the European title proper because they both must be contenders for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a kind of a battle, isn't it? If that is the case, Paul Collins has got to get the contest over here cuz this would be even tougher in Italy. The blood has been spraying out all over Richie's notes. Yeah, I'm going to put a complaint in about that. &gt;&gt; You're used to it. You're not allowed to complain. And uncomplainingly, these two have really gone at it all the way now with the finish line in sight. Digging it out. Neither really wants to give even a half step. It's been two fights in one really from Nathaniel Collins. Cool, smooth operator early on and prepared to go in deep and hard and scrap it out with Franchesco Grandelli, a proper Italian street fighter. And they're both pretty near to having the tank empty. Excellent effort. Fought in tremendous spirit. Great respect between them. Almost as though they enjoyed the combat, Richie. something you would identify with, I'm sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, tremendous battle that really was because for the first part of the fight, it looked like um Nathaniel Collins was was actually cruising. He was boxing really well, really sensibly. Then all of a sudden, from about round five or six, something changed. He held his feet and that's probably what Grandi wanted. He started to come forward more. Grandi closed that gap down and he had a lot of success um on on the inside. I've actually got it seven rounds to five for Collins, I think. Um he he's he then had to find another second a second wind Paul and he had to come through the storm get back to boxing at distance and he did literally stand toe-to-toe at times and what a good scrap it really was that had everything &gt;&gt; and it was great to see the way they embraced each other at the end of it. &gt;&gt; That's what it's all about. Tremendous respect there from both men. &gt;&gt; Was it Kevin Finnegan and Alan Ma? And at the end of it, M said, "I feel I know him better than my brother." &gt;&gt; That's right. Yes. Battles they had. Yeah. But that's a that's a crafting fight, isn't it, for Nathaniel Collins? His 15th fight. It was a real war. He was winning it comfortably, but then he had to really dig in and change his style, had to grind it out. It was a tough fight indeed. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Might need a bit of time off after that to let that nose injury settle down. in timehonored fashion. &gt;&gt; New friends have been made through all that. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I don't think he'll have a tougher fight than that, Paul. To be quite honest, you look back on this, no matter what he achieves in his career, you won't get many tougher than that. Indeed, unless we forget, Reggie, Hopy Price will be looking on and hoping maybe that there's a little bit of a dent in Nathaniel Collins because of course he was set to meet Collins, wasn't he? A mandatory for the British title. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let's hope that Viking will be down the line sometime. Overpriced quality kid indeed. &gt;&gt; Another tremendous fight and of course the pride of the uh group at the moment. Nikki Ball from Liverpool who's got another huge &gt;&gt; world title fight upcoming. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, let's get a round of applause for both warriors who gave it everything here tonight. After 12 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Daniel Van Deville scores the contest 11711. Ilian Homovich scores the contest 11612 and Yon Robert Lane scores the contest 116 112 to your winner by unanimous decision and new ABU silver fellow champion Nathaniel the nightmare calling. Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for 12 rounds and it will be for the vacant WBC silver featherweight championship brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry in association with Wasserman Boxing along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy Uni Bet and Global Next Trade. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control, Steward in Charge John Swanson, along with the World Boxing Council, President Maicio Sullean, Supervisor Peter Skooki, Timekeeper Joe Brandon. Our three judges assigned will be Mark Bates of England, Kristoff Fernandez of France, and Steve Mertz of Germany. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be Mark L of England. Introducing to you first, fighting tonight out of the red corner, he comes to the ring wearing red with white and weighed in officially at 125.4 lbs. Coming to us from Edinburgh, Scotland. He has a professional record consisting of 15 wins, just one defeat, one draw. 11 of his 15 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former EBU European Champion and current WBC International Fatherweight Champion, Lightning Lee McGregor. And his opponent across the ring fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring in gray with white. and weighed in officially at 125.6 lb. Hailing from Bearsden, Scotland, he is undefeated with 16 wins. Seven of his 16 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the undefeated former British Commonwealth and EBU European silver featherweight champion, Nathaniel, the Nightmare Collins. Okay, boys, we've already spoken to you both. You know what I expect? Stay professional, obey my commands, and most of all, protect yourself at all time. Just go boys. Good luck. &gt;&gt; Another of the famous old Glasgow, Edinburgh Derbies. Biggest surely in this very city at the old Albany Hotel back in 1973 when the amazing Ken Buchanan took the British lightweight title of the wonderful Jim Watt. There's always spice, needle, and heart of plenty in these. Two excellent technicians here. They know each other so well. They've sparred loads. And a decade ago, they met in the amateurs. Now they do it for real. Punching for pay. And I think that's key here, Darren, because the winner could go on to massive financial rewards. &gt;&gt; I mean, the the the pot of gold gets no better really. No bigger. Sorry. fighting for a world title. So, this is massive. It really is. And feel that the battle for that hand so important here. And it's Collins who started well, working nicely behind that southpaw jab. [Applause] &gt;&gt; We looking to relax and get into a rhythm early. Nathaniel Collins. McGregor did win that amateur fight and he did step up in weight to do it. How do you like him at lightweight, Barry? A featherweight, sorry. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I think it was long overdue. He's such so big for the weight and shot there from Collins. Nice over the front foot McGregor and Collins made him pay for that not similar styles but similar sort of approaches. They all they both like to pressurize you behind good boxing. They both pack a punch. I mean, I think Cor's power is underrated. Even those power from McGregor was certainly to the body as a banter. &gt;&gt; There's a fair bit. He's been adaptable. I think against it low, you try to put pressure in and the box moving around quite well. So, he has the cruci problems, &gt;&gt; but Collins is sharp and I think I think he's been underrated quite a lot here, Collins, in the building for this fight. &gt;&gt; Razor sharp. Seven knockouts as well on the slate of Collins for McGregor. At fair weight, I thought he looked stronger against Isaac Low. He's filled out nicely into the nine stone 126 lb division, but he's missing a bit early here. And uh Collins will make him pay for that. He will. He will, Adam. And I I don't mind the aggression for McGregor, but he's got to be a lot more cute with it. Can't be reckless because we've seen him ready. The counter punching from Collins. Very, very sharp and aiming for the body early as well. Nathaniel Collins. McGregor has only ever lost once. Collins protecting this perfect record. Unblenmished. &gt;&gt; Well, McGregor has always had the advantage of of size, hasn't he? Massively advantage. He's still got the advantage here, but not as much. So, wouldn't be able to jab against a soft or offer. He still works. knows he's up against these guys with more his size. Now working is the jab. He's going to struggle just a little more than usual. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Is it the story of the slick down tonight? Lovely open. Round one, comics. [Applause] [Music] This is spray. We control the distance. We control the fight. You understand? Okay. Make them overreach. Exactly what you done there. Okay. See where he takes you by the corner. If he shuts that distance down, stay nice and tight. Don't bother hanging back. Okay, listen. Control the distance behind that jab. Take a step back. Bring it up. Bring it over. Shoot a quick back hand right behind the jab. You catch the catch. Shoot that quick. Then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pivot around the right hand side. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. Okay. Nice and sharp. Make him fall over his front foot. As he falls over, mate, bring that shot up. Bring it underneath that back hand to the body. &gt;&gt; Welcome back. Very good corner team. Johan senior and junior been around the sport up here for a long time. &gt;&gt; Ricky Burns, Alex Arthur being talked about Canon W. Here's Collins and McGregor. We love these sort of derbies. Oh, we do. It means an awful lot to not just the fighters but the fans as well. But I'll tell you what that first round was. That was a great demonstration of counter punching from Collins &gt;&gt; and just using that soft ball stand to his advantage and and what they were saying in the corner, you know, make him overreach, you know, tempting with that front foot, tending tending when he fully attacks, take that little step back, make him move forward and short and that's why I was saying it's going to take a while for him just to get that judgment distance cuz he's so used throughout his career being the guy who has the advantage of having that long so he can make a few mistakes and still get away with it. No featherweight try and upset the the rhythm, the early rhythm that Collins has got in to &gt;&gt; that first round. I think plenty of paint with the hands and feet, try and draw out the lead of Collins. Just be kind of smart with that aggression, work around the target there. He was just in front of Collins, but well to the body, but a little bit more education in the work of McGregor required, &gt;&gt; but he's getting your fingerful closer. And that's why you also get on the outside like you did just then cuz it allows you to take a bigger step and then commit and punch through the target. Certainly with the right hand, &gt;&gt; you have to against the south ball, Barry. And it's going to be a tough night this for McGregor. If he can't get that movement right, the jab going, he could be all at sea. Collins with a fantastic opener. And look at that wide stance as well. He's really cute and clever. Just got to suck up these first couple stop working around the body slowing him down. When you got a guy with the right hand like that, that's all about that is so he wants to lean back so that he's still on balance. So what you do there is you faint. You faint trying to get him to draw him on. It's hard to bring his feet and move forward. He has to make two two adjustments rather than just a natural moving forward. So you got over the attack here. &gt;&gt; Combination from Collins Gar. Yeah, that lead screw shot from Collins. Very, very good. But I don't mind this from McGregor trying to rough up Collins. Look, that's a natural counter puncher that Collins is. You don't really want to be stood inside. You rather keep it at range and fire those sharp counters through once your opponent's work away. So try and hit those arms, the waistband, some of the bars. try and unsettle his confidence from Collins. &gt;&gt; Yep. Attempting to wrap up his rival with the pressure, isn't he? Collins not getting frustrated with Oh, good shot though. Collins came back with a he had to take that one flush. Sometimes that can be an issue with a south. carry their hands over it as the left just traveled right once over that that right hand. [Applause] [Music] The only thing you always looking for [Music] don't give him an opportunity if I overreach her. It's the only time you're getting caught. &gt;&gt; Every single time you &gt;&gt; just hear me jab in here. Let your right hand go when you get that guy up and reverse reverse paint and then find your feet. &gt;&gt; Welcome back. Well, much better from Lee McGregor in round number two. Barry, he closed the distance. Didn't he rattle into body shots, hustle, not always pretty, but effective. &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, Dallas said, you know, he just made it a little bit uncomfortable for Connor. I don't think Connor was caught with pressure quite well, but then he threw a right hand to the body and a left hook over the top of snap each punch there. Certainly was the best punch of the fight in the round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, beautifully poised these two excellent technicians. Steve McGregor who's won 15 in those red, maroon and white color shorts and the gray and white skirt-like outfit of the Southport Nathaniel Collins in fight number 17. Turned over back in October 2018. He's come up the quiet way. People haven't been raving about him, but he's very useful. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very good fighter indeed. &gt;&gt; Just dominating behind the lead hand at the minute. like to see McGregor just get that front foot on the outside of Collins. That'll help him find a jab over the the right hand of Collins. But there I understand why McGregor is not committing. He's getting the foot close. He's not committing because he knows Collins has got to take that that step back, that little lean back. And I think that's where the fate always works. If he doesn't, even if he doesn't throw, it means you can nick more space. You got a little bit of a millisecond more space and then for the low from the uppercut back action just revving up in the third round. &gt;&gt; They're not amateurs and kids anymore, are they? &gt;&gt; Proper established fighters here with a with an opportunity here to really push on and some really good work with the uppercut from Collins. And that's the shot that McGregor needs to throw inside as well. You see how low gets inside. Chopping that down from Nathaniel Collins. Both of them 28. There's so little between them and the statistics, but Collins getting those arms flowing again. And they're just caught in the middle of the ring. A little uncertain. The gum shields out and uh it's swinging back to Collins this round. &gt;&gt; That was really good. Sorry. The flow in the rhythm in which he threw those shots. very very pleasing to watch. &gt;&gt; McGregor is trying to get that chest over the front foot which is not a bad idea but &gt;&gt; there's no real just he got caught there actually like maybe tripped a bit but and he's trying to bob and weave. There's no real thought to it. So Collins is just reading his rhythm and trying to pick the shot through the move &gt;&gt; out of range with his jab. McGregor, isn't it a little bit sort of just a little bit more disguising some of his working [Applause] up under the left eye as well? &gt;&gt; He might have to just get down and dirty and rough up Collins. Not give him that room. &gt;&gt; Being out boxed at times. Sorry, Adam. You just got to be careful with that roughing him up and trying to you don't tire yourself. That left hook is there for McGregor. Can't see a little step to the left. &gt;&gt; Get into the position to throw the shot. Then take that step to the right along with the left hook. [Music] Just regain control there. Nathaniel Collins. Meanwhile, backstage, Lee McGregor's big mate, Josh Taylor from Edinburgh, of course, or just outside. Such a brilliant fighter for so many years. The question is, what is left in the locker? And how good would he be up at welterweight? Jimmy Gil, the wonderful Nottingham manager and boxing man who we lost sadly recently and a big inspiration to this man Echo Esimon with Barington Brown and Jimmy Gil from the beginning. I love Jimmy Gil. I really did. He always had a story. &gt;&gt; Looked after the Booth brothers, didn't he? Fabulous character. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great man. &gt;&gt; And this really is a great fight to top the bill here in Glasgow. So many questions I look forward to being answered. &gt;&gt; Yeah, questions to be answered here with these two old friends. But now rivals certainly for the next eight rounds or so. The WBC silver title up for grabs. WBC champion at the moment is Steven Falton. Our own Nick B of course with the WBA undefeated Raphael Espinosa. Angelo Leo. It's a really crammed division as always, the featherweights and um well back in those times we're talking about the brothers. We had Naz, didn't we? And Paul Engle and Billy Hard in so many good fighters Robinson. &gt;&gt; Wow. Cinderella was always in the great division domestically and worldwide. It it still is now. to win this fight put you on the land and towards those bigger fights and that's uh but they won't care about that. This isn't all about this is all about pride this fight. This is you want to be the best in the world. You want to be the best in your country. You see the box has landed on the box and he is hurting the corner of the college to go in cuz it's early in the fourth round and there is a breakthrough here for the manic [Applause] in the fourth round and that was the heavier ball and brilliant so Oh, from Nananiel Collins and there's plenty of time left in the round to get the job done. He's hunting shots in Daniel with the win of his career. 17 and0 have a world title shot and Lee McGregor is defeated in style and that was dramatic and the first time that's happened to McGregor and Nathaniel Collins who looked really good from the offing and he's on the floor in tears. The emotions pouring out. What a brilliant win and what a dramatic round that is. &gt;&gt; That was absolutely fantastic. He was boxing so well or really controlled throughout so Collins there. But that finish there. The woman with the first knockdown he threw to the body and then the one over the top there straight away went bam bam. It was a lovely shot. The body shot was just to drop the hands. Really thought of what was working. That's been the theme of the night so far for me is able to be thinking about their work, not just rushing it, not just letting their hands go, being aggressive, but thoughtful with it. There was punch perfect tonight. That was a brilliant performance against a really good fight. &gt;&gt; Great leg, real respect. It had to go out of the building for the time they were in the ring. And Nathaniel Collins was a nightmare. His style was difficult for Lee McGregor. the southpaw, the uppercuts, the rhythm, and then quite surprisingly the power. That was exceptional, Adam. It really was. Look, on paper, a really tough tough fight. We we've mentioned what was on the line, but the way in which he's beaten McGregor there is so impressive. I mean, look at the work, look at the power, look at the speed, and most importantly, Barry, the selfbelief. Yeah, he hit with a lovely shot. Again, the timing was fantastic. And obly that that was that was a first knockdown. I thought it was a bit of a push, but he was already hurt. But the second one here against the ropes when it gets him against the ropes before that he threw a left to the body, then a left over the top. Just really clever work. It was really cle all tonight. He's really clever making a miss, making him pay your body and then over the top there right with a solid shot. That's a really good punch. Really good. I mean, he'd come of age tonight, Nathaniel Collins. He really has &gt;&gt; a mature and blistering performance from Nathaniel Collins. Lee McGregor up at featherweight and he felt the weight of those punches, but it was the precision and the class tonight of Nathaniel Collins. He's been a secret really. Not many have heard of him outside of Scotland, but he has his moment tonight live on the zone at prime time. And now they will be talking about the nightmare. And he could be a nightmare for these featherweights. &gt;&gt; I I tell you now, he'll take some beating. And and not just that performance there, as impressive it was, but you watch him as a whole as a fighter. There is so much to like about him. I mean, look at cuz that was an outstanding win. An outstanding win. A huge win on the resume of Nathaniel Collins. &gt;&gt; Fabulous. Another stoppage win on a sizzling night in Scotland. Well, the ring three event, a blockbuster card from New York City, July the 12th. Shakur Stevenson against William Sepa topping the bill. Edgar Balanga and our own Hamza Shiraz facing off in the chief support. Should be another memorable night of boxing in the Big Apple. You can see it live on the zone. So much coming up in the next six, eight weeks and uh wow so much respect between the pair. He'll be guttedly McGregor. What a win for Nathaniel Collins. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 1 minute 45 seconds of round number four. Our referee in charge, Mark L, stops the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated. And now, the WBC silver featherweight champion, Nathaniel, the Nightmare Poland [Music]