Kind: captions Language: en I was thinking, I don't feel like this guy's confident. I was just like, "Brother, just you know [music] what I mean? Like, let's walk to the ring, innit?" There was a situation that kept coming up that I was I was drilled to capitalize on. The video that you guys posted of him on the bag. He was doing it in that video on the bag. Yeah, no clue, mate. Fair play. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, this is the face-off the day before. What was he saying to you here? Do you remember? &gt;&gt; So, I said to him I was basically I basically said, "Yo, uh take take the glasses off." And then um and then he was like, "Bro, you're not about the you're not about that life." I was like, "Bro, what are you talking about?" And then he was like I was like, "I just want to see in your eyes." He was like, "Why do you want to see in my eyes? Are you [music] a woman?" And uh I was just like I was like, "I want to know if it's a wolf or I want to know if um I don't know if it's a wolf or a sheep." Cuz he kept talking about how he was a wolf. I was like, "Don't worry, bro. I'mma walk like I'm a wolf." And &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; um And I was like that let me see then. And then he was just like uh he was like, "Oh, you'll see Saturday night." So, I was like, "All right, cool." When you're facing off with someone, do do you actually does it mean anything to you? Uh eyes the eyes are the windows to the soul, so you actually really do get to see um someone's mind, mentality, heart. Like you know, like people have a certain look in their eyes. And I just I kind of want to see that. For the ring walk, he was like making he was making you wait. What are you what are you thinking here? Obviously, it's a big headline event. &gt;&gt; my mind I was just like, "Bro, this guy's taking his time." Like with me personally, I was in the ring when I was in the ring and he was taking forever, I was thinking like I don't feel like this guy's confident. The reason why I say that is because you can't you like you have to get one up on me. And like if you have to get one up on me, that means that that that you're not you're not really that confident. So, I was just like I was just like, "Brother, just you know what I mean? Like, let's walk to the ring, innit?" That's never something you would try to do like mind games that's outside the actual fight. &gt;&gt; No. No. Your ring walk, how did that one feel? It was your first your first headline shot. &gt;&gt; The thing is though, you know what you know you know with that ring walk &gt;&gt; Mhm. like I was so focused on taking my time to the ring. Dillian Whyte and McKinley came out to Bob Marley jamming and like I was like marching as if I was on the front lines. I was sprinting. And I was just like it just didn't look good. Like if you got a song that's all chilled out, so I was like, "All right, cool. I want to make a slow ring walk." Not to sulk in, it's just just so it don't look weird. You're just you're learning all the things outside the actual ring as you go. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; The KO. Did you think it was going to be this quick? I thought I was able to knock Dillian Whyte out, but not as early as I thought. No, of course not. Were you expecting, you know a bit more of a back and forth in this kind of first couple of rounds? &gt;&gt; 100%. And this is kind of something you and your team had had drilled. You said after the fight like Ben you thank you to Ben. Ben had Ben had pointed this out to me a few weeks ago. You said something along along those lines. Yeah, like there was a situation that kept coming up that I was I was drilled to capitalize on. And the first three times he done it, I missed it. But then the next then he like the next time he done it like I capitalized and then I got the knockout, so um Yeah, there's definitely credit not only to myself because training comes to hard being in a Ben Davison stable is hard, you know. But obviously um I've got to thank him as well because like I don't think he'd be like that if if I wasn't there. You're going to you're going to let us know what exactly what you were drilling or No. No. No. But I'll I'll give you guys a clue. The video that you guys posted of him on the bag like a week or two weeks before um the fight, he was doing it in that video on the bag. And I was like that was like something where I was just like in my mind I was like when when Ben and Lee told me about it, I was just like, "Mhm." Then there was like I was like because they were showing me of him doing it against David Allen then David Allen which was years ago. I was like, "He's He's going to be a new fighter now." But no, he's still doing the same thing on the bags. Well, you got me to you got me to thank for that one. I think I know I think I know what you mean. But um Do you know? Yeah, I reckon so. &gt;&gt; Where was it? &gt;&gt; Like leaning leaning forward like that? No. You ain't got a clue, mate. Fair play. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Fair play. Fair play. This moment with your you know, your family, your dad, your brother. Now, out out of all my experiences in Saudi Arabia, this is where I like I like the most, you know? It's the fact that like um I came to Saudi Arabia like who was kind of there. Like even though it was at two times where like my mom, dad, my brothers, my uncle uncles that I haven't seen in years all flew in just to like just obviously to watch me boxing. I feel like for me that was one thing that I can take away because apart from my fights like there would there wouldn't really be an occasion where we're all together, you know what I mean? I can imagine your whole tree of like I don't know from your grandparents, great grandparents on both sides like like come to Saudi to watch you like it's it's crazy. Like um It's almost like your like someone's graduation or their or their wedding or something along those lines. &gt;&gt; Yeah, something along those lines, so like um having like an event for my family like yeah, it was big for me.