Kind: captions Language: en Tyson against AJ. They all want to see that fight. That's been a fight that's been talked about for ages and ages. Oh, the fight for me to exceed the expectations this year is I never expected that to happen. I want to do another [music] 5v5. Fans have loved that. Do it in the UK. Standout shock and standout performance this year for me was Moses with one round demolition of Dillian White. I never expected that to happen. I thought there was going to I thought the fight was going to last much much longer. He came of age &gt;&gt; almost two minutes. White tries to [cheering] round and gets the biggest win of his professional life. Oh, it's very difficult to say which fighter made made a step forward. Biggest step forward. I think I'll just mention Moses. I've got to mention him. But quite a few of these youngsters coming through. Some have done well. You know, Hamza Shiraz has done extremely well this year. &gt;&gt; One knock down with a left hook, one knock down with a right cross. And there he's got him hurt again. And that's it. That's it. There's quite a few of them. They're all on the cusp of something very, very big. I think the most significant moment for Queensbury this year is is our strength in the heavyweight division and the great shows we've put on. We put on some fantastic shows this year. I'm very proud of and I know everybody at Queensbury is too has been difficult. We we put on some great fights. Um what springs to my mind is uh Usyk Dubois which weren't a win for us but we had 90 odd thousand people at Wembley when people said we wouldn't sell those tickets. um Fabio Waldley with his two fabulous unbelievable knockouts at Ipsswitch where he had 25,000 people in their stadium. That was brilliant. And the fight he had against Joe Parker where he was a massive underdog and was behind like he was against uh his opponent at IPS which a mile behind pulled that big punch out the back. Fabulous fights. The fight for me that exceeded expectations this year is Joe Parker and Fabio Waldley. It was a cracker of a fight. Dramatic fight and a dramatic ending. &gt;&gt; 40 seconds left in the second fight right now. It's brilliant. that again you finding the most improved fighter in our stable is very difficult because there a lot of them at different levels you know Hams [music] has done brilliantly Nick B's gone from strength to strength you know Moses you know I mentioned him again has done brilliantly you know so many of these young guys have done well you know young Royston you know he's doing everything that's asked of You know, uh, Sam No very unlucky to win the world title. Not to win the world title, I should say. You know, that terrible cup that he was hampered with for nine rounds. That was a shame. There's so many of them. They've done extremely. They should all be proud of themselves. Best atmosphere this year was Wembley. You know, Usyk and Daniel Dubis that when they came in, when they both came into the ring, the [music] atmosphere was electric. Wembley, are you ready? [cheering] Let's get this party started. [cheering] 2026, [music] we've got so many good young fighters coming through, so many good young prospects. You know, I just look down at a roster of young youngsters. I promise you, you know, you'll find one at every weight in every weight division who is going to do the business. I'm I'm very confident that that's something we're very good at doing. And uh we kick off in on January the 24th with the the big big one with Moses where he's going to be in with a fighter fights never been never been stopped and being in with the likes of AJ few years ago who couldn't stop him in 12 rounds. Um and that was a loss for him. But you know can he do what anybody else hasn't done? That's the start of the start of the year. Wait till you see the other ones we're going to announce. I think the biggest talking point in boxing this year has been Riyad season. Some of the fights that have taken [music] place in America and a lot of the shows that we've delivered uh been fabulous things and I [music] want I want talking points next year. I want to do another 5v5. That's what we want to do. Fans have loved that. Do it in the UK. knockouts of the year. Well, Fabio um unbelievable knockouts he's had, hasn't he? I mean, you know, I mean, sensational sensational finishes, sensational knockouts from Moses. You know, there's been so many bloody exciting exciting KOs. I seem to be focusing most on the heavyweight divisions, but they're the ones that spring to mind. I think the heavyweight division delivered in a big way in 2025 because the fights were happening. All the big fights are happening. I think the fans all want to see Tyson against AJ. They all want to see that fight. That's been a fight that's been uh talked about for ages and ages. But I'd like I I you know I want to see Hamza Sheerz in a in a tight fight in a big big fight and bring the belt back to the UK. I want to see Moses become the youngest ever British fighter to win a world title. It's 21 at the end of December and he's got a year to do