Kind: captions Language: en No carti, no party. It's only right that this man is going to light up the three arena just like he's done before, but this time on St. Patrick's Day weekend. Thomas Carti, how are you, sir? &gt;&gt; Good, man. Good. Good. &gt;&gt; This is big, right? &gt;&gt; Massive. Absolutely massive. &gt;&gt; Happy. &gt;&gt; Delighted. Abs like really, really happy. Timing of everything is perfect. I'm I'm genuinely really happy. I I've heard you talk about, you know, being at the three arena. It does does something to you. You've had some big performances there before. I think you became like Celtic champion there before as well. So, the atmosphere that you're going to bring, the atmosphere that there's going to be, this could be an unforgettable night. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Anybody who's been to the last, you know, couple of nights of this rear arena will remember my fights. You know, we really lit the place of light. And I think my record now is three fights and three massive knockouts, you know, and I'm going to keep that going now in my fourth appearance. &gt;&gt; What's 2025 been like for Thomas Carti? &gt;&gt; Grim. How long do you have? It's been grim, man. It's been abs It's been grim. Um 2025 I thought was going to be my breakout year. um had a lot of momentum heading into 2025 from the years previous. Was on a great run, nine knockouts in a row. Um was really, you know, gathering serious momentum. Had my biggest fight in MSG and then I uh ruptured my ACL then in March. So 2025 for me, what should have been a breakout year and the biggest fight of my career ended up being a year of out of game for the first time ever injured uh rehab and physiootherapy and uh trying to claw my way back to a position like I'm in right now. &gt;&gt; A year of learning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Painful learning. Yeah, if you want to put it that way. Yeah, definitely. Um, a year of learning, reflecting, and um, a year of trying to get back to where I was before I done my knee. You can't have fallen off that much though. Other than obviously, you know, you there's an L on your record, but it almost like to me I look at it and I I feel like it doesn't count. But &gt;&gt; where's like we're still in the process of trying to get it overturned and actually I even the rule set in uh New York State Athletic Commission, it should never have been a loss. I I don't see it as a loss. I don't think anybody sees it as a loss. There was no punches landed &gt;&gt; and um it should have been a no contest and we're still in the process of trying to get that done at the moment. So proven difficult. &gt;&gt; So it should have been a no contest because it went early in the fight &gt;&gt; because it was in the it was so early in the fight and there was actually no punches landed like it wasn't due to being punched that I done my knee. I actually did it myself which makes it worse again. I'm over talking about like I'm over talking about how devastating it was but like yeah it's it was bad. I did it to myself. Like &gt;&gt; in terms of the recovery then and that that whole process that that moves you towards good news, but there must have been nerves of just like using your your legs again. And &gt;&gt; yeah, there was some really bad periods and actually I haven't really reflected on it much until this week till I start doing the media again cuz I tried to avoid it for as long as possible &gt;&gt; and like there was times when I thought I would never even walk without a limp again. Yeah. because it was so bad and so painful and it doesn't help that I was heavy then on top of all that. So yeah, there was there was I suppose really doubtful times. PE people think it's cliche about you know I never thought I' I'd get back to the ring but I genuinely didn't. Yeah. Yeah. It's cuz it was when it was bad it was really bad. Like the you know the first six weeks after surgery like you can't really do much at all. &gt;&gt; A freak accident. &gt;&gt; Yeah. freak freak freak accident and a really like even as far as freak accidents go a fairly bad one as well because at least if I done if I broke a bone would have healed quicker like if I completely snapped the tibia or something I would have back quicker you know what I mean &gt;&gt; so is this a new Thomas Carti now is is this more hungry than ever more kind of appreciating that it can go like that &gt;&gt; yeah yeah yeah absolutely it's given me time to reflect and it's given me time to you know look at some other athletes that have done the have had the same injury you know what what used to be a career and an industry uh injury has turned into you know the birth of the of the best part of their career like Tom Aspenol done his ACL came back became heavyweight champ Viran Djk ACL came back he's one of the best players in the world um the the French uh rugby player Dupont like he came back in 8 months he's an absolute freak you know and which I was aiming to do myself but I think it would be a year to the day that I actually did my knee first of all so 11 months posttop but it's uh everything for a reason &gt;&gt; yeah yeah 100% %. So, a big sort of scary Thomas Carti knockout on March 14th. &gt;&gt; Guaranteed, man. Guaranteed. I need it, you know. I I really, really need it. And the old cliche, if you try too hard, you won't get the knockout. Trust me, this this one's going to end in a knockout. It has to. There's been just a year of frustration training. Um, I've never stopped. I think I took like, you know, 4 days off post surgery. That was it. Three or four days off and I'm straight back in. &gt;&gt; So, what's the plan then? 2026, you're going to get this one. Um, we don't I'm not sure your opponent's confirmed yet or certainly not been announced by Queensbury, but I'd imagine the plan is Thomas Carti run out and then beyond. What are you looking at? &gt;&gt; I'm looking to get back where I was before I finished up, you know, really uh making an assault on the top 50 in the world and uh taking a name, you know, right back in there. Uh domestic dustups and anybody really, you know, a lot of people talking about me and Johnny Fisher maybe, you know, position he's in, he's on a bit of a redemption path. teach us how to win there in in Monaco. H I'm coming back off an injury. That's a fight that we both wanted before the whole injury saga for me and the Dave Allen saga for him. So that's I think it would be a great one. We could sell out a stadium. Everybody wants to see it. It's all Tik Tok says these days. Not that I pay much attention, but my brother tells me and yeah, fight like that and uh let me progress on with my career then because I'm not just coming back just to make up the numbers, you know, really not. Especially after having a year out, I could have just sat it out and said, "M, this is grand." and gone and done something else. But no, I put so many hours in and I put in perspective that this is really what I want to do and I know how good I am. &gt;&gt; And you've seen that cuz you you've sparred like everyone, right? You've been in camps with Tyson Fury, Anthony Joshua, right? So, you know that the the talent is there. It's it's almost an endorsement. Obviously, your your career's gone well so far other than that hiccup just then, but guys like that, top guys getting you in because they rate you, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've sparred them all. Even Herovic, Fury, Dillian, you know, um AJ, I've sparred them all and held my own and and done quite well. I've never been sent home or or put out in sparring. So, it's a a really good sign as to where I was at and I think I'm coming back a way better athlete all around with a different perspective and a new mindset. &gt;&gt; Proud &gt;&gt; and a and a better leg. &gt;&gt; A better leg. Well, yeah. I guess you get get to test it out. Have you sparred yet? You you must nerves going into the first spar with you. &gt;&gt; No, none at all. No, I couldn't care less if like I've done everything I can to to avoid it happening again. Subconsciously, you protect your knee a little bit. you're a little bit more stable. But in terms of like, have I been nervous? No. Absolutely not. I've just been going for it. I I I went back sparring standing still just to feel like getting punched in the face again, you know? &gt;&gt; What a strange thing to say. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I missed it so much. I went back static sparring just to feel it was like sparring the kids in the gym and progressed on from there and uh we're back to heavy sparring. Thank God. &gt;&gt; Is that also cuz you you're sort of worried you might go soft if you just if you you don't take some punches. Yeah, maybe maybe something along those lines. I made sure to start off with the younger kids in the gym and work my way back up to the level I was at. But yeah, &gt;&gt; um proud Irishman. I know you you &gt;&gt; so proud. I speak Irish. I'm so proud of my heritage. I'm proud of the whole lot. I don't know whether I'm the only Irish speaker on the card. I think I am. Yeah, generally I probably am. Me and Shawn Mcome, but yeah, so proud of being Irish. And what a weekend to make my comeback. You know, I I was eyeing up a comeback before Christmas somewhere in the UK, somewhere in the States. but uh it just didn't seem right and this opportunity presented itself and I think it's perfect you know proud Irish man from the area um coming back on St. Patrick's weekend a year on from when I done my knee. It's it writes itself. &gt;&gt; It's a nice story. &gt;&gt; Best of luck to you. It's great to speak to