Kind: captions Language: en Sleeping peaceful. Ladies and gentlemen, this bout is scheduled for 10 rounds and it will be for the WBO Intercontinental and WBA International Heavyweight Championships. Brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry in association with Lou Devela's Devela Entertainment along with their great sponsors Riot Season 32 Red That Prize Guy Uni Vet and Global Next Trade Sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control Stewart in charge John Swanson along with the World Boxing Organization President Gustavo Olivieri Supervisor Isvon Kovatch and the World Boxing Association. President Gilberto Mendoza Jr. Supervisor Thomas Hoots, Timekeeper Joe Brandon. Our three judges assigned will be Jean Robert Lane of Monaco, Manuel Oliver Palomo of Spain, and Bob Williams of England. Our referee in charge will be John Laam of England. Introducing to you first the challenger fighting tonight out of the red corner. He comes in the ring where in Blackwood silver and weighed in officially at 241 lb. Coming to us from Upper Marlboro, Maryland, USA. He brings a professional record consisting of 21 wins, just one defeat with 16 of his 21 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the challenger, Mike Silverback Bell. and his opponent across the ring. He is a defending champion fighting tonight out of the blue corner. He comes in the ring wearing gray with black and weighed in officially at 254 lbs. Hailing from Chattam, Kent, England, he is undefeated with 11 wins. Nine of his 11 wins coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning and defending WBO Intercontinental and WBA International Heavyweight Champion, [Applause] Moses. Great reception from the Scottish crowd. Well, as you expect from you both your obeying instructions at all times, but I tell you to break before I break clean. Defend yourselves at all times and the best luck to you both. Touch gloves. Professional fight number 12 for the thrilling Moses Itma. He's yet to lose anything, amateur or pro. to be Kent Southpaw who carries sharp shooting power skills and he's dealing so well with the immense pressure and expectation on those young shoulders. The building blocks are being put in place and he's in with a hard-hitting but aging and a tad vulnerable Mike Ballagin and Frank George and Francis Warren want to showcase in front of different audiences. So here he is in glass going getting that southpaw jab. Off to a very nice start to the body. So far, so quick with his reactions, not just the delivery of shots. The way he glides in and out of range, but always fainting, always trying to find the openings. Balagan, as you say, can be vulnerable, but there are 16 KOs. You know, if he wants to have a chance here, it's trying to land that left hand of his. starting the the contest brightly, but won't be long until we see the the power from a tower. The power and class. You were so impressed, weren't you out in Riad Barry? Well, it's just fantastic the way he sets the shots up and also the angle of attack. For a big guy, you can't move your body that way. You're not supposed to move your body the way that he does. You know, he moves like a middleweight with the power of a heavyweight. That left hand already just slightly troubles Malagan. He goes to the body too. Moses remember Marasia did him in two and he might want it in one. Carl said it earlier and he's going for the Americ to say what just hit me. Will he get out? It's very late. John Leam has a good look and he looks back in his corner like Ballinger but he's in a whole heap of trouble and Moses can take him out right now. Bad gun's got to keep that right hand up. He can't miss with the left hand at Talma is far too low from the American just waiting for Balagan to make a mistake so he can throw that left hand over the top again. Well, he's done well just to get up really bad. He could have sat it out, but the pride got him up. He just about scraped to the count. It was touch and go. What was impressive though, he threw the left hand twice from the the back hand on the soft stands. Threw one, didn't land clean. He threw a second one and no one really does that and it landed right on the 20 years old. It's phenomenal. that they were talking about him maybe breaking Mike Tyson's record of becoming a world heavyweight champion but that's gone that had to be done this month and Frank I think just wanted to take some time with Moses there's no rush Martin Voli at ringside that would be a massive step up but at the moment just got to take care of business which he's doing very nicely and that jab working a treat and because he knows he has the power and the timing to get your he knows He didn't even rush anything. He could have gone for the finish here and probably got it. He's not getting no rounds. He needs the wrong I'd like to relax the punch here [Music] from any time. Not sure look a little bit lean, bit up and down. Yeah. times up [Music] again coming. Well, Moses a Towner wasted no time getting that left hand working. Stick second. Great shot. Look at that one. And again, he throws it again. He doubles it up. And the second one didn't hit as clean as the first. Ironically, he's got so much natural power that if he hits you anyway, you're in trouble. You just look down at the timekeeper there, Moses Tama, waiting for the bell to ring. Cool, relaxed, lovely fell outside of the ring. And devastating. Can he make it this time? The counts at nine. Brave man, Mike Bagan from the States up twice from heavy knockdowns. The second especially and he's going for it. Fair play to him. What a great effort there. But he was done. Yeah, he's got to get up and recover. That's some super continue. It is Finished in the second round. Moses lights up Glasgow. He did it in Saudi Arabia. And a few months on, it's now Scotland. What's next for this emerging superstar in heavyweight boxing? Well, I'm just looking at the faces around ringside and and they're amazed at what they've just seen there. You know, that was spectacular. That first lead right hook was I mean it it was so special. It was so spiteful. This man is the future. It's a lovely time right hook there. And to be fair that the fight was over but he finds a fe this shot. Look at that's a lovely time shot. Look at that. He saw a little lean back turns the body so he get that a little torque in the punch as well to get that hold in that right hook. So look at that. Yeah. Do you know what that is? Composure. Cuz the guy's rushing at him. He's got such a calm demeanor at home. He did that. No, no panic. It's a little half of a step back and sees little cuz he stays calm. It gives him a better vision than most other fighters. Ring intelligence. Moves like a middleweight and punches every bit of a heavyweight. What a combination. And and that it's his temperament. His temperament does it. There's some ugly faces there. Just incredible. I mean, absolutely stunning offensively. Obviously, as we see there, he's so good. But you know what goes unnoticed is how good defensively he is, how sharp his reactions are, how quick the feet are to be able to find those counter right hooks. What a fighter. What a talent. That I think the way he just comes with pressure. He said have all these world champions, but he comes with the pressure of expectation. He doesn't panic in the ring and just gives him loads of time to think. Wonderful team around him. There's family. There's a tight-knit group in the Ben Davidson stable. Francis Warren believes he's got a sporting superstar on his hands. He thinks he could be the next Messi, the next Federer, anything like that. The sky's the limit. Believes Francis Warren. Who knows what the ceiling is for Moses Ita. Well, we've got Fabio Wardley. Another undefeated heavyweight getting his homecoming fight at Portman Road against another unbeaten fighter and a good one in justice who is Queensbury against Matro. Dillian White on the car too part of your subscription on the zone. June the 7th the date for that one. Hope Moses could be there. He's uh wow. It's just wow. That's what it is. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 46 seconds of round number two. Our referee in charge, John Laam, wades it off. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout. still undefeated and still WBO Intercontinental and WBA International Heavyweight Champion Moses Itma. [Applause] Moses itala from Chattam in Kent by way of Slovakia is 12 and0 with 10 knockouts belts of plenty. But it's all about how he maneuvers himself towards the pinnacle of the heavyweight division. Remember Usyk and Deois July the 19th. Not quite ready for that. What is he ready for Dev? I can't wait to find out. Moses Itama. Wow. You've done it again. And that's the 10th knockout. Two rounds this time. How would you assess your performance? Sorry, one more time. You need someone to hold all these belts for you. My shoulders are heavy, man. Sorry. What's going on? Two round knockout once again. How How was it for you in there? He is a tough cookie, man. Like honestly, after that second knockdown, I was like, "Nah, he's not getting up." And he got up. I was like, "What?" like I was catching him clean and then that that even that second one I turned around and like he's still like trying to get up and I was like you know what fair play to that man he's one tough cookie like listen although like I've had these expectations on me I knew that this was his chance to the big league so I didn't want to enter him into it you get what I mean so I had to kind of like put a little pause on it but I'd like to appreciate Mike Balagan for taking this opportunity because I know a lot of people Good. You got a great ovation tonight in Scotland as well. They've seen so many great heavyweights here over the years. It feels like a new chapter, a new future heavyweight king. Like I said, it's Moses Thomas time. Moses, how on earth are we going to get you rounds? Bro, I don't think that's a job for me to think about. But listen, like I said, my team want to see me in a 10 round fight and then after that release me to the big dogs. It feels like everyone in here tonight, everyone watching around the world, they will want to see you as soon as possible. That's your first fight of 2025. We're going to get some more Moses soon. Oh, 100%. 100%, man. I love this game. I love it. Let me bring in Francis Warren quickly. Francis, of course, manager. When are we going to see this guy again? Fingers crossed in July. You know, I think I think there's quite a big show in uh in London in in July coming up. So, you know, hopefully with Moses will be on that card and uh it'll be another another good good fight for him to to to show the world what he's been working on in the gym. This guy is going from strength to strength to strength. The confidence is growing, the skill set's getting bigger, and the attention he's getting now is, you know, he's on the right path. But how do you get him rounds? How do you do it? We'll have to pick guys who we think maybe will take him some rounds. Um, but listen, I think I think the focus is on to sit down next week with the team. We'll make a decision on as to what route we want to go down. And um, listen, this the world the world is this guy's oyster. He can do what he wants and if he carries on on this trajectory, we've got a global superstar sport on our hands. Final word to you, Moses. You heard it from Francis, a future global superstar. These are getting heavy. I guess you're going to want some more soon, bro. My shoulders are killing. Listen, I just wanted to say to all the Glasgow fans, I appreciate you as a lot, man. I love I love the I love the hospitality I get here. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you for coming out. Like I said, I was going to wrap it up quickly so you get get to the main event. Congratulations, Moses. It's Alma. Thank you very much. I hope you