Kind: captions Language: en Uber Yeah. What? You just let the Uber man wear my belt? What's going on? He's gone now. He's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. The champion's in the house. Fabio Wardley And so, Fabio Wardley in studio this morning. Good morning. How we all doing? Everyone all right? Great, thank you. And you've got this air of confidence. You've always had it. You breeze into the studio. You're happy to see everyone. You're saying hi to everybody through the glass out there. You're loving life, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Always, like it's This is This is fight night, isn't it? Like a dream. My boxing career, the the attention and all of this stuff. This is fight night. So, enjoy while I'm here, like big occasions, big moments, big fight, big events, and come on here and and talk to you lovely chaps. Fabio Wardley live in studio with us this morning ahead of Wardley-Dubois. It's an all-British heavyweight encounter for the WBO title live on the night live only on DAZN. Hi. &gt;&gt; Hi gang. How you doing? Yeah, you're fine. How are you? How you doing? Good, good, good, good. Fabio Don't blink. The campaign is up and running. We're going to start with the obvious. Why you starting the reign as the heavyweight champion of the world with such a dangerous fight? Start as you mean to go on, I think. What do we hear at the end of the fight? And you are and still. And still. Daniel Dubois, the world heavyweight title is on the line. Don't blink campaign is up and running. Fabio Wardley versus Daniel Dubois in Manchester. Welcome to the show. How do you feel? Feel good. Feel excited to be here. What do we hear the ring announcer at the end of the night? Your two-time heavyweight champion of the world. Um Daniel, do you want to go in on the one on the ring? We just make sure we're ready. Hold him for 2 seconds, please. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Here we go, boys. World title fight, Fabio Wardley champion, Daniel Dubois former champion. Is it friendly? Is it like, okay, I'm going to hurt this man? What's it going What's the vibe? Nah, for me it's friendly, like I don't I've got nothing against Daniel. There's been no previous like nothing between us before. Look, we're just two men one trying to hold on to his world title, one trying to take it from me. That's all it is. It's just work. It's nothing personal. It's real nice. It's on, you know, the ball's rolling, and then yeah, it's countdown to the fight night. Yeah. And you um head shots first, that's just with me. One you're looking that way. Um and then you have classic kind of left, right. Left, right turn, lift arms, cross arms. Yeah, sorry. Let me show you what the heavyweight championship of the world looks like. World champion WBO, the World Boxing Organization recognizes the full champion. How's going? How are you? You all Yeah, good, thank you. We're going to do head shots. Yeah. And then you have classic this way, that way. And then we're going to do one or two um at the end on the orange. Yeah. Okay. Maybe one or two with your arms crossed. Yeah. Okay, ready to go, boys. What's up? Got everything? Thanks so much. Thanks. Good stuff. For this, I've just got six questions. Yeah. So, I'll fire them to you from behind camera. If you just start looking down the lens. If he hurts you, what happens next? I think we're seeing with me what happens if I get hurt, if I get tagged. Come back with a storm. Is this going to be technical or brutal? This is going to be brutal. All-out war. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; This is to get to the even higher level. The winner of this will be fighting in a big stadium fight. But to get there, they got to lace them up between the two of them, and we're going to see who is the best on the night. I'm full of confidence for this one. Full of confidence, you know, ready to go. And I've got to take his all. I'm going to be the first man to do it. And um you know, I'm just can't wait to go, man. Look, if we're looking at proven records, he's he's not really up for it. He's not really game for it. So, we're going to really see on the night who's who's really got what it takes to come through and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. I've got what it takes, mate. You're going to see on the night. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] [sighs]