Kind: captions Language: en What does the British title mean? For some fighters, it's the realization of a lifelong dream. For some fighters, it's confirmation that they are the best in the country and that they can go on to fight for world titles. For some fighters, it's about making the city proud, making your people proud, and showing that they've got someone to get behind. On February 28th at the Veilant Live in Derby, a new British champion will be crowned in the welterweight division. The Worcester warrior Owen Cooper takes on the man they call the Muldoven monster, Constantine Ersu. I caught up with a handful of champions who have had their hands on that coveted Lord Lonsdale belt and will know what it feels like to be either Owen Cooper or Constantine Ersu on February 28th. And where better to start than with a man who has held that British title not just once, not just twice, but three times. Here's my chat with Denel Bentley. Well, Denzel Bentley, two sharp and also threetime British middleweight champion. I mean, what what does that belt mean to you in your career, in your life? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean um it was an amazing achievement. Um it was, you know, one of the first belts I'd won in my boxing career, amateur or pro. So, um you know, it meant it meant quite a lot to me. Um I won it three times and every time I won it was it was a satisfying feeling, you know what I mean? Um, it's just it's like they say, it's the best belt of boxing. I mean, if you're British, you hold that with a with a sense of pride. You know what I mean? That you're the best in Britain. And who knows what it leads to. Some a lot of British champions have gone on and become world champions and done whatever they've done in the sport. And a lot of a lot of fighters have retired British champions and and and they're proud of that achievement. So, it's it's it's a hard belt to to kind of capture. A lot of fighters kind of swerve it because it's a it's a very difficult route to trade um difficult route to take. a lot of fighters, you know, um go through that route and it it it gets them battle hard and for whatever's next European or world titles, but the British title, I mean, one of the best bets out there and I'm happy to still have that on my on my mantle piece now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you got it. You got it three times. There's not many people that can say that they're a threetime British champion. And like each time you've won it, you've won it like in different ways. I remember the first one you won it in lockdown. You won it behind closed doors. like you couldn't have been as hyped as like you should have been like for the next one and then and then there's Brad Paul PS like you've won it all different ways. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, you're right. I have. I've won it all different ways. I mean um it's funny the second time I went off Lionus and the third time I went off Brad Pauls and they're teammates. So it's it was it's Yeah, that was kind of funny. He made bit of a story in his own as well. But it was it's true. I mean in lockdown I was happy but I couldn't really get the full excitement. Do you know what I mean? And when I won it the second time, I was like I was in a 50-50 fight, like a kind of career defining fight [snorts] and it was like I came through it and it's like yes. And then third time pretty much the same. I beat the guy that beat the guy that beat me and then it's like it just all different types of feelings in it. So um listen, I I was proud of the achievement every single time I won it. And like I said, I'm proud to still have that out right now. So yeah, &gt;&gt; talk me through that moment for the second one because the the first time you won it, it was a it was a stoppage. You stopped Mark Hefron. Everyone knew at the end of the fight you'd won that fight. The second one, it went to the scorecards after your fight with Lionus. So, as much as you probably thought, "Yeah, I've got this. Yeah, I've got this." There's still going to be that doubt, right? It's still kind of it's up to the MC to announce you as the winner. What were those those moments like? &gt;&gt; It was crazy cuz one judge had it for him. So, I was like, "Oh, snap big decision." So, like I remember um when they were calling out the last scorecard, I'm looking at the MC to see which way his mouth is moving. I'm trying to see which way his lips are moving. Like, is he going to call L or a D? I'm saying. So, I'm thinking, what's he saying? What's he saying? When I saw him like going to pronounce Denzel, I was like, ah, there we go. I got it. So, &gt;&gt; but I thought I had it. I thought I had it. I finished I thought I finished the fight stronger. So, I was kind of surprised that it was um it was a big decision, but listen, uh judges see fights the way they see it. This is why we had three judges on each side of the of the ring instead of just one person calling it. So &gt;&gt; yeah, that was a proud moment as well &gt;&gt; in terms of the kind of preparation it's given you for, you know, bel world title belts essentially. It it feels like very good preparation. You mentioned it earlier in terms of there's no real easy way to get your hands on a British title. You need to compete with with the best out there. There's no ducking and diving, etc. How well prepared has your British title? Well, your three times you've won it, has that made you for knocking on the door now for a world title? Yeah. Um, it prepared me really well. I think I've had seven British title fights altogether. You know what I'm saying? And I mean, like those are all championship fights. So, some have some have ended early, some have gone the distance and whatnot. So, it just prepares you for that kind of championship sort of level. So, like I'm I've done that's that in itself for the British that's seven 12 rounders. So, like moving forward into a world title fight, I'll be ready to, you know, fight a 12 round fight. I feel like I feel like I'm a season pro now. Feel like I'm ready to take that next step. um if if I'm not ready now, then I won't ever be. So, I feel like it prepared me really well. Um it's it's battle hardened me. I've been in some tough fights, some, you know, give and take and, you know, split decisions, stoppages, unanimous losses, and it's just, you know, it's helped me physically and mentally to push on to that next level. &gt;&gt; Did you say you got it on your mental piece then? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's that's pretty cool. &gt;&gt; Do you want me to get it out? Show a little bit. &gt;&gt; Show me. [laughter] Get that. Get that book. Bring it in. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Bring it in. That love that Denzel, you got one of those cameras which is like lowkey following you and now it's like looking for you, isn't it? It's like where's he gone? &gt;&gt; Where's he [laughter] gone? He's started looking the other way now. &gt;&gt; Eric, we are lovely. &gt;&gt; So, what does that mean to you, Denel? That lovely Lord Lawndale belt. &gt;&gt; Means a lot, man. because I know how hard I worked to get this, you know what I mean? I mean, like you said, winning it three times is not easy. Some people don't even get to win it once or get to compete for it in general. You know what I'm saying? So, some people their whole careers they want to win a British title and they like, like I said, being British, it means a lot. And it's like some people that I ain't boxed from a kid, but some people that I bought from from childhood, like from a kid, I've heard them like say things like, "Oh, I just want them in a British title." And they haven't had the opportunity to do that, whether they fought for it and fell short or haven't had a chance to fight for at all. And I've managed to do that three times. So, um yeah, man. It's pretty cool, man. I mean, I like the belt. It sits It sits I've got a few bears. I got four now, I think. But this one sits at the top. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The rest like even the European belts under it. Just sits at the top. &gt;&gt; The only thing that can replace this is the world title, but as for now, sits at the top. &gt;&gt; I love that. Listen, world title next. You got all your prep done. You're you're ready to go for it, mate. So, uh thanks so much for giving us five minutes. And uh show me that belt again. Come on. Look at that. Too sharp. Free time. [laughter] We out. Cheers, Denzel. Take care. &gt;&gt; How good does that belt look by the way? Just draped in gold there. Denel Bentley proudly keeps his British title on the mantle piece. I guess it made sense to next speak to the man who actually beat Denel Bentley to become the British champion and realize a lifelong dream. It was a huge upset on the night that Nathan Heene finally became British middleweight champion. Well, Nathan Heene, uh, I know how proud you were to become British middleweight champion. Talk me through that night. What did it mean to you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was just the um the be best night to me sporting career. Like in my whole entire life, obviously I've been boxing now for 26 years. I've been fighting. So from the age of 11, I've been fighting. So and I'd always underachchieved as an amateur. Didn't really do anything. In fact, as an amateur, did nothing at all. Beat some very good kids and never won the national title and only won the Midlands area title once in 16 years. So then to become the British middleweight champion, the third person to ever do for me city and according to AI, one of the oldest people to have ever done it in the 21st century. It's not a bad achievement. and it meant everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I what a lovely additional stat that that's come via AI as well. I mean, it was a big big big night for you. And tell me about the belt itself. A lot of people say that it's the best belt in boxing. Are you I assume you think that as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's stunning. Like the unfortunate thing is you have to defend it three times in order to keep it, but I think the belt's worth £14,000. It's like goldplated. &gt;&gt; It's solid silver underneath. It's just an amazing belt. It is incredible. I like you say it's it's steeped in history. So yes, it is a very very very good looking belt. &gt;&gt; And can you remember that feeling because your one it went to the scorecards at the point that the fight ended. You didn't know that you had won. It's not like you'd stop the opponent kind of thing. You were in there and you were waiting for one man, the MC to say and the new. What was that weight like and what did it feel like? Yeah, I'll be straight. When that final battle ended, I had won that fight. There was no denying I had won that fight. But then when I heard the first scorecard, 11414, I thinking old up here. What's going on? And then but then the other two scorecards, it was they were too too wide. There was no way he was going to win that fight based on them. And then in regards to that moment, I I actually can't really remember it to be honest. It was just mental like I'm on the floor just it was just the most incredible night like I was saying to one of me so it's one of the biggest um sports nights in so content's history like and I was like at the center of that like it it was also madness. &gt;&gt; I love that and and also that night has led to you being like automoral in your city you know with your British [laughter] kind of thing. It's that accomplishment that led to even more recognition which led to you being a local hero really. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I was inducted into sporting hall of fame. So alongside Gordon Manser, Sandy Matthews, Phil Taylor and just some like legends from my city and then obviously I'm like considered a sporting very successful sporting man. So they put me on there like you said the mural as well which is lovely. So yeah, the British and that was all on the back of that British title. &gt;&gt; Changed your life. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Well, it got me ranked in the world with the WBO. Unfortunately, I end up losing the title. So, it's a it's a the British title is a poison challenge because it's very hard to win, but it's very hard to defend as well because you're fighting the best the best fighters in the country and those fighters are usually some of the best in the world if they're from Britain. So, yeah, it's a very very tough battle to have. &gt;&gt; Well, you've experienced winning it. you've experienced losing it as well. I mean, that that must have been heartbreaking to kind of to let it go. And is it on your mind to I don't know, get it back or are you kind of beyond that? Are you where where are you in terms of your relationship with the belt? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've had it. I I wouldn't say I need it back. It's not there's no redemption mission to try and get it back cuz like I said, when you're fighting some of these guys, they're some of the best in the world anyway or on the route to being some of the best in the world. So, if I could get myself into position being top 15 in the world again, then you got an opportunity for a world title. I'd prefer that to be fair. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Top man. Okay. All right. Brilliant. Well, thank you very much for joining me, Nathan. I think uh you're you're one of the uh one of the best kind of British champions, proud British champions that we've had in recent history in terms of just the way you reacted to that moment, the way it looked like a bit of a mountaintop at that particular po point in your life. I think it was a special night that no one in there will ever forget. &gt;&gt; Absolute meth. Incredible. &gt;&gt; The hitman Nathan Heene in fine form there indeed looking back at that dreamy night that he became British champion and he had the opportunity there to take the title from the champion. That's not always possible. Sometimes the champion vacates and they move on and then a fight gets ordered between the two best available contenders. usually two young hungry fighters vying it out for the crown. That's what happened with our next guest. After years on the small halls, Jack Rafetty finally got his chance to become British champion. He took on the unbeaten Henry Turner after Dalton Smith vacated the title and [snorts] what followed was an absolute thriller. Well, it's great to speak to a reigning British champion, Jack Rafetty, the demolition man. How does it feel to be the British champion, Jack? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a it was a massive, you know, achievement. I was below working for in boxing. Uh, one of the proudest day, not just for me, for my family and, you know, me coach cuz a lot of hard work's gone into it and I got the reward for being a British champion. &gt;&gt; And you'd been kind of you'd been under the radar, right? You'd been on the small halls just grinding away behind the scenes. No one paying attention to you. Suddenly you get ordered to fight for a British title. You're on the big stage. Really winning that belt. That big win against Henry Turner. It's changed your life. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely life changing. It was I think it was 23 fights unbeaten on a small low shows and got the you know work for the final eliminators and got the uh a British title shot against Emmyera. you know, no promoter behind me and not just losing that, it would have been, you know, who's who's going to want me then, you know, I've gone all these fights, no big promoter, lose against him returner, you know, it wasn't a possibility. &gt;&gt; The fight itself was actually a bit of a thriller. I mean, you sometimes you get to fight the champion, right? But if you don't get to fight the champion, a vacant title against another unbeaten, hungry guy, that was a brilliant fight because you both wanted it so much. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh Emry is a a quality fighter, great operator. You know, we've done a lot in the sport, amateur and pro. Um so you want just like a bit of a Mickey Marshall was the two proper fighters, you know, obviously fighting to something to be proud of in boxing, you know, a British title and yeah, it turned out to be a cracking fight. &gt;&gt; It's one of those you I guess you had to come from behind like to to everyone watching, it's like you were losing the fight, right? But you kind of knew that you were getting to him, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. You know, I knew that was his game plan. Well, I I knew what he was about. You know, I knew he was fast, sharp, and I didn't think he'd been in deep waters what I took him into. And I think that showed late on, you know, he started slowing down and, you know, I started taking over the fight, and that's what happened. &gt;&gt; What did you uh what did you do with the British title once you got hold of it that sort of first week or so? What What did you do with the belt itself? &gt;&gt; I went to sleep Friday night, woke up Saturday morning for the fight. I don't think I went to sleep till Monday morning. I couldn't sleep. Um it was it was amazing you know I think I was after I beat him return I had to beat me dad &gt;&gt; to fight for whoever else had the title after that. So yeah it was a very proud moment and you know not for me my family and uh all my friends and loved ones and yeah it was a what what a day. &gt;&gt; And in terms of that you've defended it now as well. &gt;&gt; Uh I've had two defenses one against Ree McMillan once against Shamlin was a draw. So that don't count as a defense you know to win that hour. There's two more defenses left. And I'm sure you'd like to keep hold of that belt, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. That's what that's that's my aim, you know, to get that out right, be I'll write a British champion and, you know, and go from there. Do you feel like the fights at British level are setting you up for the future? Because inevitably your ambition will be beyond British level. You want to become European. You want to become world champion. But these fights you're having now, the Henry Turners, the Mark Chamberlain, these are setting you up, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I I believe the Mark Chamberlain one was, you know, more than a British title, which it set set out to be a thriller. Um but yeah, like you said, they set me up for big things in the sport, winning that outright. That's what I wanted to do. Then, you know, push on to European World Honors. So, a couple more defenses and uh we'll be on our way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you're you're right there by the way about the Mark Chamberlain fight. So, sometimes you can end up having world level fights at British title level or what perceives to be British title level. Mark's about to fight for the IBO world title, you know, like these things are happening. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I think it's two two proud British lads fighting for a British title, which is is big in boxing. One of the one of, you know, biggest belts to to win. And that's what me and Mark done. You know, we we we two proud British lads with us. And I think Mark had a minor loss in his record. And, you know, it set out to be a great fight. And like look at Mark now pushing on for a world title. So, it just shows you know where where that fight was at. &gt;&gt; 100%. Well, listen, Jack. We've enjoyed your British title fights. We can't wait to see you in another British title fight. Is that if that is your next fight, we just want to see the demolition man back, mate. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I can't wait. &gt;&gt; Well, you can see how much it means to the demolition man, Jack Rafetty, still British champion today. Sometimes becoming British champion is more than just what it means to you. Sometimes it's about what it means to the city. And that's what takes me nicely to our next interview. After 13 years as a pro with a career full of ups and downs and everything in between, Ashley Lane became British bantamweight champion. And notably for him, he made history by becoming the first man ever from Northampton to do so. Here's his story. Former British bantamweight champion Ash Flash Lane. I mean, Ash, look at look at you. Look at your background. Your background is a British title fight. That's you on the right. That's Brad Foster on the left. How are you, sir? &gt;&gt; I'm very good, thank you, Dave. I'm all right. I'm uh getting on with life quite well. It's it's always good. &gt;&gt; So, what did what did the winning the British title mean to you? And do you know what's interesting there from the photo that you've chosen, that's the fight actually where you didn't win the British title. So, you had you had two bites at it, didn't you? I did. Yeah, I had two fights. The one on here, I didn't mean to pick this one. It just popped up randomly, but uh yeah, that that was a good fight with Brad Foster. Um one of my hardest fights. He g a bit of a pasting, to be honest. But uh it was it was a good learning experience. Um but winning the British title against Chris Borg, that was phenomenal. It's unbelievable. It it's one of those nights that you will never forget for the rest of your life. it um you know it really makes your whole career worth it. All of the ups and downs definitely gives you something to uh think about for your whole life. &gt;&gt; You yours was uh I think 13 years in the making as you say ups and downs as well. How just how determined were you to win it that night against Chris Bour because you fought like a man possessed. &gt;&gt; I was a man possessed. death. I um I had no ounce of doubt within me that night. I knew that everything had in line for me to um win. And I I would have walked through walls to have got that win that night. And I mean, I have to say Chris Bour, he he boxed very well for the first couple of rounds. He caught me with some beautiful shots and um but I didn't feel them, you know. It was uh something overtook me for the night. He was just on point and there was no way I know that I was going to come away without the belt &gt;&gt; and and that belt. I mean, it wasn't just wasn't just for you. I mean, Northampton suddenly had a British champion and that was history for Northampton that you brought them. Yeah, that that that will always be something which um will make me very very proud. The first ever from Northampton. I know we've got K Conway now. We have the F twins coming through. We've had Shant Cameron. So, Northampton's doing amazing, but to be the first to win the British title [sighs] that uh just fills you with pride. Can you remember that first moment where you actually got to touch the belt and it was yours? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. It was um having it over my shoulder. It it kind of takes a breath away for a moment because [clears throat] something you've dreamt about for know since being 18 no 15 years old up until 33 34 18 years you've dreamt you've sweated you've bled you know you've cried and um then to finally have it over your shoulder given to you it's it's very hard to explain But [clears throat] a very few people will understand, you know, um what that means to you. And it it it it definitely it touches something special inside of you. &gt;&gt; And have you still got like a replica? I understand you have to defend it three times to get the the full version, but you you've got some sort of version. Is that right? &gt;&gt; I did. I did buy a replica. Yeah. Um unfortunately over the last few months I've moved house and I've lost a lot of things. So, it it's hopefully somewhere in my bags, but um I did buy a replica and I you know [clears throat] I I would have liked to bought one outright but financially couldn't do it but it's you'll never forget anyway for the rest of your life. It's something [clears throat] which will always stick with you no matter what in your memories in your photos and you know it was definitely a special a special moment. &gt;&gt; Top man. Thank you so much for speaking to us about it. And yeah, I was watching back for highlights actually earlier. That's why I said you felt like a like a man possessed. You were just you weren't going to be denied that night, my friend. &gt;&gt; No, definitely wasn't. Thank you for the call, De. I really appreciate it. &gt;&gt; No worries. Look after yourself, Ash. Take care, mate. That one gets you in the feels a little bit, I think. Uh you can feel the emotion coming through from Ashley Lane. what it meant to him, what it meant for him to represent his city, the pride that he has. Well, from Northampton to Southampton, Ryan the Piranha Garner is flying the flag for boxing on the South Coast, and he became British champion last year with a brilliant win over Ree Balotti. He added the British title to his ever growing title collection. Every time you look at him, he's got a new belt. Here's my chat with the Piranha. Well, the piranha is in town. This is a man who knows a thing or two about belts and in particular that British belt which you won in your last fight. Ryan Garner, what a special moment that was. &gt;&gt; Yeah, mate. As you said, it is a special moment. um all my career from since the T pro I just wanted to win belts and obviously the last fight I I had four belts after the after the fight but the most prestigious most probably in my eyes was the British title. Um I remember when I was growing up now like some quite a lot of the time nowadays um a lot of fighters good fighters they start off at the level they kind of like skip the British level and go straight on to European then world level. So, it's kind of I went past it with a European title, but I was so glad to um have the opportunity to be able to come back and win it against Botty. And um yeah, just it's such a prestigious battle. It looks it looks the part, do you know what I mean? Um that British title. Yes, every fight I think when they turn over, they want to become a British champion and then obviously they go go on to bigger things. But yeah, it was a massive achievement, mate. And um couldn't have been happier. Do you know that is interesting from all the all the British champions that I've spoken to so far and that I'll speak to for this. I don't think there's many that would have essentially gone past British level come back down to win the title. You were a European champion heading into the heading into your fight with Reese Balotti. But you wanted that belt, didn't you? Yeah, like I said, I would I always wanted to win as many belts as I possibly can and when when that opportunity come, obviously Reese had the British and Commonwealth, I had two belts, but so I was like, I just want to get as many belts as possible. You know, when people retire, boxers retire, they've got all their belts lined up and all their accomplishments like inside of the ring. Um yeah, and it's just something I wanted to do and win as many belts possibly can and when I retired, you know what I mean? have something to look back on my career and the opportunity come and thankfully like I said um it was the uh the British titles there and I've always wanted to um like do the kind of the traditional route I never skipped like the area level but win the British comwalth well British European then go on the world so I've done that I won the British toll I won the European and now I want to go on to world honors and I'm hoping this year mate I truly believe it will happen &gt;&gt; yeah look I think it will happen as as well. And I I feel I was speaking to Denel Bentley as well, and Denzel Bentley speaks about how all the British title fights that he's had, he's a three-time British champion now. The experience that he's picked up from that, from fighting the best in your country essentially, has really held him in goodstead to now challenging for a world title. Are you feeling that as well? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Um, I was up against obviously Reese Blotty, very good fighter, very nice, very nice guy as well. Um, but good fighter, very experienced. He he was on a roll and he had beat a lot of good prospects. So it's kind of like say it goes to show you what level you're at. I mean that's a it's not a banana skin but fighting for a British title is always going to be tough. So it just goes to show depending how easy you make it look or hard the fight is then you kind of get a gauge of how far and what level you can get to in the sport if you know what I mean. And in my eyes I thought was pretty comfortable and um like I said Reese is a good fighter. He's beat a lot of good fighters, been in them with a good lot of fighters. So, I think the display I put on just goes to show like that I I am I can get to the next level and I believe I'm still to prove show the best of me. I think I'm getting better and better with each fight. So, it was good stepping stone and obviously this year I want to go on to big fights um big honors and hopefully become a world champion mate and be involved not just become a world champion but be involved in big big fights. Um &gt;&gt; make as much money as I can for my family. You know what I mean? Obviously boxing is a short career um short career. So I'm on a financially I've got to like when I started winning belts and that and then obviously now I'm at the stage that I'm at. I'm over the moon like if I retire tomorrow like realistically I've achieved a lot but I know that I can achieve more. So I just want to yeah just move into the next level now and hopefully hopefully achieve what I believe I can achieve and become a world champion. be the first world champ from Southampton and just as a whole putting Southampton boxing on the map and I just want to I want to be the spear for that and hopefully a lot after when I've been and gone a lot of fighters behind me will accomplish big things as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's so many British champions that have gone on to become world champions as well. I mean you your style the way you boxed you you were likened to like a young Ricky Hatton as well and I remember he was you know that fight with John Thaxton he had for the British title and then he went on to become a world champion. It's there, isn't it? The pathway is kind of laid out and and it's kind of thanks to this belt. There's a blueprint and it really helps. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I definitely like you say all the great all the top Brit British fighters that have gone on to World Honors, they've all fought for the British title and they've all won it. So, &gt;&gt; I'm open up an emulator, mate. And I'm hoping this year I believe this year I I always say I'm a big believer in Des. And I believe I'm I'm destined to become a world champion. I'm destined to fight at St. Mary's and I'm I'm destined to just go on to good things, mate. And I just believe it's going to happen, mate. It's just I know. Listen, there's been a bumpy road, ups and down, but I've persevered through it. And I just believe cuz I'm meant to be. It's meant to be. I'm meant to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I love it. Listen, every every fighter's got got their own story and the ups and downs and it's it's led to to where they are now. You're in a great spot right now. Just out of interest, where do you keep your British title replica? Do you do you have one? Is it close by? Have you got cabinets? To be fair, since I've had it, it's been in um I remember my last my last belt before I fought Ree. Yeah, Reese turned up in a case and that like with his belts. I had a knockoff powder bag from um from Turkey. Had my two belts, my European European belt in it and my WC international. Obviously, I never had any um like belt holder or anything come with it. So, yeah, knockoff Per bag that I bought from Turkey a year before. They was going around with me ever in that. But um yeah, once I got the other two belts obviously off for the British income and comfort, nah, I've got to um I've got to upgrade my storage for them now. So all my belts just they're sat in um two like briefcases just easy and I just whenever I need them to go like to see people, see sponsors or take them out to show people. They're easily they're manageable carry around and two uh two like luggage to handle things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So yeah, but yeah, before Yeah. Before they was in a PRA bag, knockoff Prada bag from Turkey. Now, now they're in a proper briefcase. So, yeah, &gt;&gt; I love it. Listen, mate. Congratulations on all the belts you've picked up so far. Congratulations on that British title belt and a congratulations in advance on the world title belt that is inevitably coming your way, Ryan. &gt;&gt; Thank you, mate. Appreciate that. Hopefully, this year's the year it will happen. &gt;&gt; The unbeaten Ryan Garner there, you can tell that he's ready now. He's ready to fight for a world title. He wants that this year and hopefully he gets his opportunity. But he is the British champion. He's added that to his belt collection and it's been brilliant speaking to former British champions. We've seen the Lord Lonsdale belt. We've felt what it means to these fighters. We've heard the stories. And what a story it could be. February 28th, a new British welterweight champion will be crowned. The brilliant Worcester warrior Owen Cooper takes on the dangerous Muldoven monster, the puncher based in Plymouth, Constantine Ersu. It will be live around the world on the global home of Boxing Done from the Veilent live in Derby. The countdown is very much on. Do not miss it.