Kind: captions Language: en LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WELCOME to a great night of championship boxing from the Brayhead Arena in Glasgow, Scotland. It is all being brought to you by Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors, Riot Season, That Prize Guy, Global Next Trade, 32 Red, and Uni Bet. We get things started with 10 rounds scheduled in the light heavyweight division. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control. Steward in charge John Swanson. Timekeeper Joseph Brandon. Our three judges assigned all from England will be Lee Every, Steve Gray, and Bob Williams. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be John Laam of England. Introducing first, fighting tonight out of the red corner, he comes in the ring wearing Blackwood Gold and weighed in officially at 174.1 lbs. Coming to us from Charlie, England. He brings a professional record of 20 wins, just one defeat with seven of his 20 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former English champion, MARK JEFFERS. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing whitewood red and gold and weighed in officially at 174.7 lb. Hailing from Car Stairs, Scotland, [cheering] he has a professional record of 18 wins, two defeats with 13 of his 18 wins [cheering] coming by way of knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, here [cheering] is the former WBC silver champion and former interim world title challenger, WILLIE THE HUD SCREEN HUTCHINSON. [cheering and applause] Come on, [cheering] &gt;&gt; Ryan. You expect from your ball if you obey me instructions at all times. When I tell you to break your ball, break clean. Defend yourselves at all times. And the best luck to you both. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Very noisy, cracking crowd here in Brayhead tonight. And to kick off proceedings live on the zone. A fascinating tussle. It's a huge night here and they're seeking out the new king of Scotland. Here's one confident to take that mantle, Willie Hutchinson from Cares in South Lannshire where you can catch the Caledonian Sleeper or the Trans Penine Express. Beautiful part of the world and the Hutch Train is looking for a beautiful part of this stage of his pro journey. been out a long time, but he's uh really happy to be back with the gloves on. He's still just 27. So too is Mark Jeffers, who's experienced, has been around even longer. There's 41 fights between them. 38 victories, Darren. This is a good match. &gt;&gt; It is. I like the matchmaking here. And it's a must win, you'd have to say, for both here. Both very good boxers. They're getting to a nice rhythm quickly. But it was the movement of Hemp Hill that frustrated Jeffers. He was a little one pacer. We know that Hutchinson can move. He's got a lovely jab. So I feel pace [cheering] is very important here tonight. Nice little short right hand there from from Jeffers just a second ago. He's he's got to stay low. He's got to keep that lateral movement always as he's coming forward. See with Hutcherson the way Hudson moves and the way he bounces on the balls of his feet it's easy but easy for Jefferson there just to get a little bit sort of stuck just watching him and not doing his own work and that making him more flat footed. So good combination from Hutchinson Jeff just looks out at someone in the crowd. Slight bit of rending around the right eye. I saw Carrie Kay's earlier getting the eye swell and everything ready. the Vaseline in the corner in case there's problems. Jeffers wanting a good start, trying to be awkward, but Hutchinson looks like he's trying to establish that rhythm behind the jab. He was a wonderful amateur. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think you go wide or wild with the shots, Jeff. Keep it nice and straight, sharp jab, variation with the shot like that down to the body. Then you can throw the right hand upstairs, but it's the movement. And he just sort of slides into that range, doesn't he? Hutchinson. &gt;&gt; Right to the body from Jeffers. And again, the jab looking to exploit that area. That's the weakness that Joshua Vazzi found a couple of times [cheering] when he was flawed in their meeting. &gt;&gt; That's when you get him when he when he he sometimes do a throw away punch like that right hand there, Hutcherson, but he's nice and loose and fluid. Sometimes he sort of loses concentration and that's where Jeff has got to really be switched on when he makes a mistake to to really make him pay for it. &gt;&gt; Turning south for mixing it up. Hutchinson. It's a positive start. The ery jerky style of Mark Jeffers. &gt;&gt; Good right hand there from Hutchinson. &gt;&gt; Yeah, nice finish as well around just looked a little unsteady. Jeffers very long that soft long breathing. You know what he's doing. Go trying to hit you here and then he's going to come over us. We already know it's open the overhand ride already. I love it. Very very good. Very good. &gt;&gt; Very good. I love it. I love it. Welcome back to the Brayhead Arena here just outside of Glasgow, the red and white of Willie Hutchinson in fight number 21. And it's the 22nd for Mark Jeffers in the black and gold. But you can already see the natural size advantage of Willie Hutchinson, the light heavyweight Jeffers, who's campaigned at super middleweight through his career and he's been a very good one. Only one defeat on the record and that was last time out. Hutchinson starting well with these combinations and looking to make a statement here tonight. I think &gt;&gt; at the start of the round he threw a lazy jab there Hutcherson and Jeff did what I said in the first round. He made him pay for He dipped his nose through a right hand and just missed with a left hook. But that's what he got to keep doing all the time. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, he looks classed, doesn't he, Hutchinson? When he puts the shots together, the speed, the sharp, snappy head, body, lots of variation with the shots. There seems to be a real confidence [cheering] with Hutchinson. &gt;&gt; I don't think that's ever been a problem for him is the confidence and what he's naturally talented. I can understand why. for touches and there's always just the concentration, the throwaway punches that he have thrown now and again just dropping his hands in distance when he doesn't need to. &gt;&gt; Superb amateur won the world youths in 2016. 9 years on the question is how far can he go in the pro ranks. A couple of losses on the record but in good company of course. Body shots are going to be key here you feel for the pair of them. &gt;&gt; Well, Jefferson is is trying to make a little He's not forcing the pace here like maybe he should do, but he's flat footed and that's how Hutch then his punches off. He's not he's too easy to read. &gt;&gt; That was a cracking left hook to the body and then one upstairs as well from Willie Hutchinson who to me seems like he has a point to prove tonight to remind the light heavyweight division what he can do. the ability he's always had, the personality to he ticks those boxes, but I think the um manner of defeat to Joshua Batti hurt him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it did. But you know when you say there a point to prove I think it's to himself. I think he knows what level he can fight at. He's proved that he's got heart. He's got a chin. He's got will to win desire. We see that against Bati. It's about going out there now and just express expressing yourself. And we're seeing this quite early on in this contest. &gt;&gt; Would you say discipline, Darren? Not not not I mean I mean in the ring, discipline in the fight. So like fight management, not not losing your your the control of a fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. And uh you know these are kind of attributes that get overlooked at times. Discipline certainly in the ring. I think if he can put it all together, you know, we pointed out he's a very very good fighter. Former world champion Alex Arthur watching on the ring side alongside Shirley Finkele. Hutchinson boxing well. &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchinson wants to be king of Scotland. So does this guy Nathaniel Collins who's really impressed us the nightmare he calls himself. He's a lovely fella out of the ring. But he puts that mask on and the switch comes and he's a sweet southpaw with power. He's exciting. Can he become European champion tonight against this Crisel Lorente? He's looked after by Christian Kirky, one of the great European managers who says he's a good fighter, Lorente. We've seen bits of him. Nice jab, strong, awkward. So, should be a cracking main event. &gt;&gt; Almost 10 seconds. Plenty of orders first &gt;&gt; on this terrific night for Queensbury back in Scotland. Josh Taylor of course losing to Echo Esimman last time we were here in the Hydra. Josh is around tonight doing some media work. I mentioned Alex Arthur. There's a couple of world champions already in the building. And I got a couple sitting next to me. One from England and one from Wales. Barry Jones. It's been a good start so far for Hudson. He's used that experience at the higher level to dictate the pace with his movement. I think he's been throwing punches with a bit of weight but not really overcommitting and that not allowing Jefferson to really drag him into a fight yet. But Jefferson has been a little bit not mesmerized but a bit like that but he's just a little bit flat footed and he's forgetting about this staying nice and the roll in his shoulders the lateral movement that he can do so well. He's doing what he did against Hempill here and just being a little bit on his heels. &gt;&gt; Some good counter left hooks though from Willie Hutchinson on the back foot. He times it so well. &gt;&gt; I think he's bossing really well here. Willie Hutchinson on his toes in and out with combinations. &gt;&gt; Good shot. Decent shot from Jeffers. Not a massive puncher. Seven knockouts on the record 13 for the light heavyweight. the natural 12 zone seven man in Hutchinson &gt;&gt; flicking out the jab as well. &gt;&gt; That that's the shot for me, Adam. The jab to the body for Jeffers. Just you can even faint before because you got to bring that front foot in as you throw the shot because Willie Hutchinson will slide out of range, but the jab to the body is there for Jeffers. And you're right there, Darren. Keeping him low will a lot will force him to move his upper body, won't it? Give him that lateral movement to give him a bit of fluency, a bit more speed into the shot. Jab back from Jeffers. Two intelligent fighters. They're the same age. &gt;&gt; Who can go further in their career? Nice right hand. Not a bad third here from Mark Jeffers. He's getting some shots off. Got to try and just get that confidence of Hutchinson. Vati managed it. &gt;&gt; But you can't let Hudson walk you down like this. And you tend to think you don't want no Hudson wants to be dancing and moving. He doesn't. He can do that. He'd rather be walking you down. So, you got to be putting pressure on Hutcherson in here. But if a guy's technically better than you, you got to force him to rush his work. He's got to make mistakes for you to be effective. And and that's what Jeff needs to do to Hutcherson here. &gt;&gt; And and it's the space barrier, isn't it? Which he has behind him, Hutchinson. If he's on the front foot, he's just able to glide out of range time and time again. And &gt;&gt; he's switching stances. Beautiful work with his uh back hand there from the portsided southpaw &gt;&gt; and you can see sorry Adam you could see the Sheffield influence there can you when he used to train in Sheffield that step on the outside on the south stand and that left hand through the middle &gt;&gt; just can't come when he does that DJ Next Saturday, it's a big night in Sheffield. Dave Allen, who's looking in fantastic condition, best of his career, and he's uh sold out that arena. It's a homecoming, but it is a dangerous one. Mcmodov is a monster. That's a great card as well. live on the zone next Saturday. Saturday night almost there is something big. &gt;&gt; There is indeed. And I do like that next week. I really do. It's a big moment for Dave Allen to really announce himself. But this is uh this is heating up nicely. This you like that one, Jeff. A good left hook to the body. But that's that left hook, the check left hook back from Hutchinson. &gt;&gt; Four. &gt;&gt; Fourth round. 12 zone seven. Light heavyweight division scheduled for 10 here. The Hutch train Willie Hutchinson in with Mark Jeffers. Jeffers who's HAD SOME GOOD WINS in his career but they have been at super middleweight. Couple of excellent ones over Zack Chel who's an awkward customer. And Jermaine Brown also knocked out Darren Johnston in Cardiff. He was really rolling wasn't he until he met Shan Hemhill on that Callum Simpson night in Barnsley. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And him, look, credit to him. He was a bag of tricks. He moved and he frustrated Jeffers. And I just feel it was a a lack of pace and urgency from Jeffers. That was his downfall. So, I'd like to think he's learned from that. He's got to be busy here. The work to the body as we pointed out myself and Barry. Good there. Double jab right to the body. But he's doing work here, Jeffers, and he's not stealing the space. So, he's throwing some good punches there. And Hudson's doing what he's going to do. He just bombs out the distance. Good shot there from Hutchinson. But Jeff has got to keep stealing that space every time with that front and foot. That constant pressure. &gt;&gt; Shake of the head from Jeffers. Some defiance as well. But is he physically strong enough up at this weight to be able to bully Hutchinson at the moment? The answer is no. &gt;&gt; I I don't I'm not too sure if it's the the the physical strength of Hutchinson that will bother Jeffers too much. It's just I think there's more variation in the work from Hutchinson. He's able [cheering] to move. He's able to, you know, be aggressive on the front foot. A few more strings to his bow. Craig Richards was the coming out night, wasn't it, for Willie Hutchinson in the 5v5. Most fancied Richards to win that, but he got Queensby off and running as they took out Matro emphatically. That was a white wash, wouldn't it? &gt;&gt; What a night that was. What a great concept as well. &gt;&gt; Yep. We'll have another one of those in 2026 if you're listening, Frank and Eddie. &gt;&gt; And his excellency, of course, Turkey Aliking really well here, Hutchinson. Nice and relaxed, but sharp enough to make Jeffers miss for the most part. I know Jefferson is trying to force him to maybe over that front foot to maybe land with the corner here, Jeffers, but it's not quite working. Body shot from Hutchinson who's mixing up styles well here tonight. Aggressive, clever, feet are good. &gt;&gt; I think it's some of the best we've seen of Willie Hutchinson. And with that inactivity, no ring rush. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you know what that makes it even more impressive like you say, a year out the ring and he's looking good. Lots of variation in his work. Every now and again he just has to stay switched on. Barry used the word discipline, but yeah, he's looked good. It looks like he's carrying a a whack as well in that right hand. OH, HE TAKES ONE HIMSELF THOUGH. Cover from Jeffers. Back comes Hutchinson. Action heating up here back into the fourth round. [music] Dr. Mo Wolf in the corner for Willie Hutchinson. He was with Shane McGwigan, one of the best trainers in the world. But interesting story with Mo Wolf who basically when when Willie was having real doubts about his career and and even sort of where he was going in life, this guy just sat with him and spent time with him and became a friend and he's absolutely they forged this partnership, this relationship which is just great to see. Yeah, it is and it's so important. But that was a lovely right hand from Jeffers there. He took it well and we see that Barry, haven't we, with Hutcherson. He can take a good shot. &gt;&gt; He's tough. I tell you what though, he landed with a short right hook of his own that I think just shook up Jeffers a little bit just just when the bell rang. &gt;&gt; And there's a good corner just getting out of the red corner. Mike Jennings, of course, former world title challenger winning with Miguel Cotter. Remember that &gt;&gt; in in New York of all places? &gt;&gt; Amazing. Good fighter. Really good fighter. and uh part of that great times in Manchester. Of course, everybody still feeling the loss of Ricky Hatton and talking about those days and Nick Jennings was part of that. He's a good trainer now. &gt;&gt; What can he do for Mark Jenners? He's not winning the rounds, is he? That's the problem here for the Charlie man. Look, &gt;&gt; I mean, he's really having a go, Barry, isn't he? He's just falling short on occasions and yeah, he's just got to up the work &gt;&gt; and quite often it's the feet that are holding you back and I just think he's too flatooted. I think he's he he's quite often heel toe certainly with the front foot. I mean and that means you can't explode in your combinations. You can't accelerate the pace in your work at times and you almost got to wait for someone to walk onto a shot which he can do quite effectively. But Hutchinson if he stays disciplined that's not going to happen. So you got to force him to make a mistake not wait for him to make a mistake. And with that, you got to get a bit more fun. Good left hook. &gt;&gt; Lovely left hand there. Tell you what, there was a couple of big deep breaths as well from Jeff as a moment ago. And a chopping right as well from Hutchinson whose accuracy tonight has been pretty good. I think he seems Darren in a really nice place here. &gt;&gt; He does indeed. He looks confident. He looked foolish having everything his own way. I'm sure he hurt Jeffers a moment ago. And can Jeffers respond? Can he find a foothold in this contest? Jeffers was hurt at the end of the Sha Hempill fight and that was a bit of an audition for a a crack at Callum Simpson [cheering] which didn't work out. Callum Simpson undefeated, one of our best fighters. But look at this from Willie Hutchinson. It's razledazzle and the crowd barrier loving it. Yeah, they are. To be fair, Jeffers did try and up the pace there, but he Hutcherson's just lovely movement again. Just been able to switch stances. He's moving backwards, which is almost very difficult to do when he's doing it with such such ease here, Hutcherson. &gt;&gt; YEAH, JUST LOOK DOWN AT MC JENNINGS IN THE OPPOSITE CORNER THERE, Willie Hutchinson. As if to say, your boy struggling here. &gt;&gt; You got to do that. You got to aim low and go high here. Jeff, throw that right hand. He's finding a hole for it when he lets it go with the conviction. So, as D was saying, jab to that body or fade to that body and rip that right hand over the top. Really bend those legs and push off the back foot. &gt;&gt; Jeff did get in with a couple of hooks and some jabs early doors to the body. That's what he's trying again. He knows he needs to do more of it. &gt;&gt; But Hutchinson out of range again. And the movement has been very, very good. And he's enjoying himself. If you can tell, Hutchinson just down to Jeffers now to really try and force the pace and make something happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, grimace from Mark Jeffers. We thought it would be a close cut affair. It's been pretty one-sided in Hutchinson's favor at the halfway mark. &gt;&gt; Very good, Willie. Very good. Don't shoot. Just like that. &gt;&gt; Just like that. Very relaxed. I love it. And stay focused. Stay focused. Don't stick out your chin. &gt;&gt; Don't stick out your chin. Stay focused. You're going fantastic. Fantastic. From all angles. Absolutely love it. Just stay focused. [music] &gt;&gt; Very good. Want s water? Come on. Almost 10 seconds. Second loop, turn six. &gt;&gt; The red and white of Willie Hutchinson, who for the first five rounds has boxed beautifully and he's had to. It's not his career on the line, but not the forgotten man. Mark Jeffers has taken the gamble to come up here and try and compete up at light heavyweight. It's not his natural weight. Look at the accuracy. &gt;&gt; The accuracy &gt;&gt; and it's been the difference and there was a moment ago there that he fainted with the jab Hutchinson and he went to parry the the shot Jeffers and he come back with a lovely left hook. That shot is there for Hutcherson whenever he chooses to throw it from the orthodox stance. &gt;&gt; There's a right to the body from Jeffers. He's full of spirit and he has occasionally found the holes. He's been competitive all the way, Barry. &gt;&gt; He has, but I just I I mean I just think he's too slow paced to make a dent in in in Hutchinson. He's he's got at the minute the way he's fighting at the minute, Jeffers. And I think he can fight better than this is to make is Hutchinson's got to lose his composure, lose his concentration. &gt;&gt; Often I agree with Carl Frampton and I do again tonight. Carl, you've given him every round. Willie Hutchinson is boxing well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he is boxing well. The rounds have been competitive. I think Jeffers has been doing good things and in and little touches, but I think one of his biggest issues is at the start of the fight, the very first round, he was a little bit fluid. He was loose and Willie landed a few shots and he just went into that shell. He's flatooted like Barry saying he's walking forward which is making it easier for Willie. And Willy's looking really good here. &gt;&gt; What will Mick Jennings car be saying in the corner? I think Jeffers &gt;&gt; I mean Barry Barry said everything what I'm going to say here. He needs to move the head a little bit more. He needs to get closer. He needs to counter off the back of will he's kind of flick out jabs as well which he isn't doing enough. He's trying and and he'll keep trying while he's in the fight. But just with his hands stuck to his head and walking forward. I think that makes things a little bit easier for Will &gt;&gt; and K IF HE BENDS HIS legs that takes his heels off the ball and straight away then he's got &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just fluidity. A little bit stiff for me. I think &gt;&gt; stiffness round the back for Mark Jeffers. &gt;&gt; You've got to be careful as well throwing the lead right hand Jeffers leading with the right hand rather because we've seen already Hutchinson throw that lovely counter left and he's falling short. He's got further to travel than it has the jab. So he can see the shot coming Hutchinson. I tell you something though, he's got to hurt Hutcherson with something here because Hutchinson's in his rhythm. You can see the confidence oozing from him here. &gt;&gt; And the shuffle as well for good measure. He's getting frustrated here. Jeffers trying to hit him around the side, the back of the head anyway. And I think he heard us in commentary Hutchinson. Everything going smoothly. Take his step back. step to step back when he's doing that. All right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, some frustration in that corner. &gt;&gt; But look at the move and then the jab there and then straight away changes it just changes the height and the angle of his body automatically and that doesn't doesn't give Jeffers a target to hit back. He's got to go looking for the target and that just slows you down enough for you to make your second move. And that's what he's always just going to move ahead here. Hutchinson, &gt;&gt; he didn't need that elbow as well, did he? Not ideal &gt;&gt; to see Shel Finle as well. Just have a word with Hutchinson. Get busy. Stop messing around. Stop showboating. Get to work. &gt;&gt; Well, as you see, discipline, focus, keep that concentration, isn't it? Enjoy yourself. Remember, you're doing a job. &gt;&gt; He's up really early. &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchinson ready to go. Markers just looking slightly bewildered. Turned over back in May 2016. former English super middleweight champion. But it does look as though this is a uh an ask too much. It he loves taking fights, Mark Jeffers. He'll he'll rumble with anyone. And I really love his attitude, but it's um coming up here into Hutchinson's den, not his natural weight. And Hutchinson with all the skills that he's showing from the amateur success he had before. This is brilliant. Lovely stuff. Yeah, I like to see. Look, he's put in some really, really good ground work here. Hutchinson. I'd like to see him go through the gears now. See if he can force a stoppage. Up the tempo. 34. Go again. Go again. See how Jeffers would respond to that. We know we've got Joshua Bassi, his old nemesis, November the 1st in Manchester against Zack Parker. It's a huge light heavyweight division. And Willie Hutchinson is reminding them all what he can do here. Jeffers bravely coming forward, but he cannot make a dent in the Scotsman and that's a problem. &gt;&gt; Well, he's through one, isn't he? He's He's coming forward with his hands high, which is correct, but he's squared. He's right in front of you. There's no lateral movement as we've been talking about since round one. He's not dipping his legs, changing his height. He's he's square in front of you, so you know where he's going to be. But someone like Hutchinson who's very reactive and fluid, he he knows where you are. He hasn't got to look for the target. All he got to do is move his feet to a different angle and throw. &gt;&gt; More experienced Mark Jeffers. 120 rounds of boxing. This only the 93rd as a professional for Willie Hutchinson, but all the amateur fights and the ability and talent has long been there. &gt;&gt; Do you think he can mix certainly at domestic level, but at world level as a light heavyweight? &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchinson. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, he's he's got the ability. He's got that desire. You can tell. I like the way he's approached this fight. There's some Oh, big right hand. He's hurt Jeff. Another way of combination. Jeff is in big trouble here. And skipped him. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; All of a sudden, in the FLASH OF AN EYE, WILLIE HUTCHINSON SEALS AN EMPHATIC PERFORMANCE with a sparkling stoppage AS WELL. THAT WAS as good as we've seen from Willie Hutchinson. And look what it means to the team. He's been out 378 days and Hutchinson was brilliant tonight. Fantastic performance. That really was, as you said there, a year out the ring. And to to put it all together the way he did, he managed that fight so well. He nullified any of the work that Jeff's done. You can see the emotion on the face of Willie Hutcherson. What it means to him being back on the winning side. Look at this. Look at this right hand. No, just nice and loose. Look at that. He didn't load up, but they just turned his body into the shot. But the follow was fantastic. Look at that uppercut, left hook with the same hand there as well. Good call there by the referee. Well, you asked me just before this happened, that shot landing. Could he mix up with the big boys? Well, I tell you what, there's some big names in the division, but they'll want to see this guy put in with some of those. But the way he's performed there, the way he's looked, the character that he is in and out of the ring, couple more shots, more activity, and yeah, big fights beckon for Willie Hutchinson. That was a good performance, Adam, and a fantastic finish there to really just put the cherry on the cake there for Hutchinson. just to say I'm back. &gt;&gt; Willie Hutchinson returns. Bangs his heart in front of his beloved Scottish fans. He is back. Mark [music] Jeffers is stopped for the first time in his life. Shelley Binkle in there who's been with Winnie Hutchinson from the beginning and he believes in him. And I think we all believe in the talent and ability, but tonight he put it all together against a good opponent and he has reignited his career. &gt;&gt; Ring four, night of the champions. It's Benz Yard. RIAD STAR studded night. Devin Haiti, Brian Norman Jr., Bam Rodriguez, Fernando Martinez. Watch this historic event exclusively on the zone November the 22nd. Riad where Willie Hutchinson got his best previous win against Craig Richards. But the manner of victory tonight when the pressure was on. I say this is well it tops it. Thomas Driver. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, HERE IS the official time. 2 minutes 15 seconds of round number seven. Our referee in charge, John Laam, steps in to stop the contest. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout, WILLIE THE HUTCH TRADE, HUTCHINSON.