Kind: captions Language: en Hello, welcome to the official Unibet preview for Running Towards Adversity. On Saturday night, two unbeaten heavyweights collide as Fabio Wardley, the Ipsswitch hero, has his dream homecoming. But he's got an opponent, Justice Honey, coming all the way from Australia looking to make it a nightmare. Fantastic fight. And we're here to chew all the fat, break it all down with a man putting the show on, Hall of Fame boxing promoter Frank Warren. Frank, how are you? I'm good, thanks. Dev, how you doing? Very, very good. Um, it's I think it's like one year since the five versus five. There there's a cake that's gone out to to match them as well. You're wearing this kind of celebratory shirt. It seems like that you're in good spirits, Frank, the 10 mil shirt. Yeah, that was that was a nice little card. Has Eddie responded to he's done a little respond on um on social media, but has there been any I haven't seen it. What did he say? He said he lost the first one for banter. Uh but that won't be happening again. Yeah. Well, let's I want to re He wants a rematch and we want to give him a rematch. We're going to work that out. We're going to definitely going to do that. I think it's only just Good stuff. Listen, he's he's getting little chances at clawing it back starting with Saturday night because he brings Justice Honey over all the way from Australia against your man Fabio Wardley. It's it's quite the fight, Frank, now that we're a few few days away. What What are you thinking heading into it? Um I'm looking forward to it. I mean, you know, Justice came in what about four or five weeks ago as a replacement opponent. He's undefeated. Um I've seen him fight. It's it's you know it will be a good fight between the two of them. They they fancy it the Aussies and obviously uh it's the week of as the week within the week of the 5v5 and he's with uh Matram and it's us uh Queenswood. So u Eddie will be looking for a bit of revenge no doubt but it's a it's a cracker of a fight. I think it' be a really good fight. Atmosphere is going to be really good you know for Fabio's homecoming. They've all come out. They're all coming out for him out the fan. So there he's going to be very very well supported. And he's in with a competitor who's got a good amateur pedigree and as I say is undefeated as a pro. I think the closer this fight gets and the more that we are talking about it, the public perception they are starting to learn a little bit more about Justice Honey and and how good he actually is. I put out a tweet this morning. 9 years ago, Justice Honey was in the semi-finals beating Richard Torres in the World Youth Championships. Nine years ago, Fabio Wardley was knocking out Keith from accounts in a white qualify. That their sort of journeys to to this point very different. There you go. But, you know, they've had they've had they've tra they've gone sort of trod different paths, but at the end of the day, you know, they've gained their experience on the way. And when you got to look at what Fabio's done, which is when you look at, you know, the road he he he he he started out on, you got to look at how brilliantly he's done, you know, he's beaten a bronze gold medalist, sorry, bronze gold med bronze medalists at the Olympic Games. Um, you know, and uh and each fight he has, he's he's he's winning them in style and a lot of these fights he's gone in as the underdog. Have have you have you known anything like this before in terms of he first picked up gloves at 21 years old? He was a a recruitment consultant, right? And he just fancied a bit of boxing. Picked up gloves, four white collar fights and he turns pro. Have you known anything like this before? No, not from a white collar background like that. No. I mean, there's a few guys have come over over the years um who've had come from, you know, different mixed martial arts backgrounds, but not this. No, definitely not. I mean, he's, you know, Fabio's uh I he's a he's a real real competitor. He's a very articulate and sensible and smart guy and he can fight. Um I think he's been a I think he's a great great advert for boxing, you know. I think he's a real real great ambassador for our sport and for anyone working in recruitment if they fancy turning to boxing, you know, the path is there. Yeah, it's another job for him. But I think one one of the things that maybe hasn't been highlighted is how maybe he doesn't have all that amateur experience, but he's plugged the gap through sparring, through going out and sparring us, spending time with him, Fury, AJ, all these guys. He sort of built up that experience that way. He has, as you say, at the top level. Top top top level. That's what he's done, which is really good. So, what are we thinking then? Because this is uh this is the homecoming. You you've put on so many stadium fights. You know, you've given fighters their homecoming in a stadium. Some fighters thrive under it. Some fighters might, you know, the pressure might get too much. What are you thinking for Fabio heading into this? I think for him it's I don't I don't think I think he he'll thrive on the environment, you know, the love that he'll get from the from his fans. I think that that that will bring him on, you know, for justice. He's going into the other guys backyard. He's going to be the, you know, he's going to have it all to do. He is he's he's the one who's going to be um feeling the you know the feeling the fact that he is in the lion's den because that's where he's going to be. So for Fabio um yeah it's pressureing fight in front of your home fans but I'm sure you ask any boxer they much rather fight in front of their home fans and rather than somebody else's home fans. It's a no-brainer for the interim BA title. Yeah. So on that, can can you help us kind of paint the picture for those that are unversed in the in the workings of the WBA and and how it all works? The interim titles on the line. How does this fit into the picture? Uh well, they have a heavyweight. They have they have the Usyk obviously holds the belt. Then they have a heavyweight champion while because obviously there's a bit of an activity and uh this is to fight the winner of that. So it's uh the winner of this fight sorry fights their their heavyweight champion and that puts uh Fabio comes through it puts him in a position where he can he could by the in theory but by the end of the year he gets that fight win their regular belt then be the then he would then the then the winner of the fight on the 19th of July at Wembley will have to fight him when they defend a WBA title. So these are meaningful fights. You know these this is what I've been saying. You know catalyst for all of it is the 19th of July at Wembley. But in the meantime these guys are all jo jostling and and well not jostling. They're fighting their way to become the mandatory challengers. That's what they're doing. They all know what's on the line. And that regular title fight I mean the news came out the other day. So Michael Hunter Kubra Pulf Don King has popped up and won the purse bid. Did that surprise you? Good. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's let him get it on and then we get on one. I mean, we listen, you know, we we did that with um with Daniel, didn't we, with He's fighter for the same title, by the way. You remember it's FBA title. So, that's where all the roads lead to when people say, "Oh, why are you doing this? Why these fights?" That's how it works out. those roads lead you to get you into the position to, you know, to to to go and fight for the for the big belts and and get yourself into the big time. I I find it remarkable that in 2025, Don King is still popping up with a little pop first bid win here and there. Yeah. 94 years of age, God bless him. Well, what are you thinking of the uh the favorite actually heading into Saturday? Is Fabio Wardley's a bit of a favorite with the bookies? What do you think that home advantage or he's been in with better opposition? What what are you thinking? Why have they gone with that? All of those factors. But who needs you know who needs no slouch? Needs no slouch. Who does a loss hurt more? The loser. Yeah. Cheers. Cheers for that one, Frank. It's fact. That's why it hurts. I mean, that's why they can't afford to lose. The loser gets beat. It's how you get beat. It's a close fight. It's a knockout. It depends how you lose. Yeah, absolutely. Listen, you did that round table thing with you and Fabio and Justice and Eddie. And Fabio said something in there which I thought was a great line. He said that Justice Hon can be, you know, perfect for 12 rounds or or or whatever. Fabio only needs to be perfect for one second cuz he's got that equalizer, that punch. Do you agree with that? Well, you go and ask Fraser Clark. I mean, that's got to be one of the knockouts of last year, hasn't it? Yeah. What an amazing knockout that was. He pax him. Absolutely. He's, you know, he's he's lethal. He's a lethal puncher. He's a big puncher. These these guys, you know, all of them, all these, all these fellas, they're such big lumps. They got such power. If they catch you right, you're a go. You could be the best in the world, but you get caught, you're liable to go. You know, with Justice as well, like I think he's he's knocked out what or he's stopped seven of 12 his opponents. Yeah. Yeah. And in the in the top 10 of the uh like the ring magazine, the the two biggest punches are Daniel Dubois and Fabio Wardley. So, uh it's a different sort of power up there. But yeah, that's the uh that's the fantastic main event on Saturday. Fabio Wardley running towards the first here. A couple of fights to to point you towards on the on the undercard. Uh Pierce Big Bang Olirri gets the chance at last to become European champion. It's a belt that he's been crying out for. Gets his chance against Liam Dylan on Saturday. Frank, I'm looking forward to it. It's a good fight. You know, we we really think Harley of Pierce, he's a very extremely good fighter, one of the best to come out of Ireland. Um and this is part of his journey. It's a tough fighting with Liam. You know, Liam's a competitor. Um, but if he comes through this, that gets that gets him in the top five of the of a couple of the governing bodies who rec recognize the EBU as obviously as the the bonafide European championship. And where are you seeing Pierce in all of this? He he he was a, you know, very talented amateur, unbeaten so far as a pro. The people making noise in his division around here are Dalton Smith, Adam. They're the two former holders of the European title. In fact, where does he fight either of them? Fight either of them. I ain't got a problem with either of those fights. Not a problem for me. Could be one for a five versus five or one you could speak to. Great idea. Great idea. Either of those fights. I really believe in him. He's a capable capable fighter. He's a very very good fighter and he's got good boxing brain. He's got fast hands. Um I keep calling he's the Clark Kent of boxing with them bins that he wears and that once he takes them off he's Superman and he does the business in the ring. Yeah, very much so. Well, Superman returns on Saturday night and also making his professional debut. The only GB Olympic medalist from the Paris 2024 Olympics, Lewis Richardson. Frank, you must be buzzing about that. I am. I'm really delighted that he's with us. I think, you know, it's for us it's a really good good, you know, he's a good quality fighter to be working with and we expect big things of him. I certainly do and and I and he's got great ambition when you speak to him. He uh you know, he wants it and he wants it badly and it'd be great for uh for us to get a hero out of Colchester. I think he is the first Olympic male Olympic medalist you've signed since James De Gale. So you you you pick him kind of wisely. You must have something about him. Him. Uh well that James Deg Gal who else? Billy Joe Saunders that we all all those guys from at that time we signed for other ones that I remember is Amir Khan. You know who's a silver medalist. Yes. So, you know, he's he's in good company, isn't he? And he's capable and I think he deserves to be in that company as well. Yeah. Top top fell. Looking forward to his debut on Saturday night. Just on on Olympic kind of debuts. We just heard the retirement of Delicious Aie who made his debut just in April after, you know, he he was in the Olympics as well. What what did you make of all of that? Look, he he he had his debut and boxing's an unforgiving sport. It's the toughest of all sports and if you if your heart's not in it or you don't fancy it, then you can't do it. And he's made a decision and I respect his decision. I think it's a very I think it'll be very brave to make a decision like that, but he did it and we wish him the best for the future. And uh it's it's a bit sad because we we was expecting some big things from him, but that I I respect his choice. Did you speak to him personally about it? No, I haven't. He spoke to George cuz George done most of the business with him. Gotcha. I mean, we saw Anthony Josher actually put something on his Instagram story about it saying like maybe wait for a year or so kind of you might change your mind kind of thing. Don't don't give it up. Do do you expect him to kind of stand on that decision like from from what you've heard? I had no idea dev. I mean, you know, he made his decision. He's had one one fight and his debut and and obviously decided it, you know, it wasn't for him and I respect. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I agree with the brave shout. Not Not many people would just do that because you could probably just sit it out and just keep, you know, fighting people and picking up a check for a little bit. Correct. Yeah. Correct. Fair play, Delicious, Aie. And also fair play to echo the engine esman. I've not caught up with you since that win over Josh Taylor in Scotland. Wow. Well, you know, he is what he is, isn't he? He's, you know, he's never ever ever in a dull fight. He's one of the most exciting fighters, you must say. Not in Britain, but in the world, because every fight he's in is an exciting fight. He's relentless. He's he's well his nickname is uh the old moniker is is really apt for him. He is an he is an engine and he doesn't he's relentless. You can't get him off of you. You know you've been in a fight when you've been in the ring of echo that's for sure and he's put yourself in a really good position now. So he he will want to capitalize on that. He's you know he's made it very clear his ambition is to fight for the world title and we want to make that happen for him. So the he he picked up a WBO global title which will of course give him a good ranking with the WBO the world champion. Is Brian Norman is that uh is that makeable? Could it be soon? Could it be next? What what are you thinking? You know, we we got to talk to them and we'll see. We'll see where we go with it. But yeah, um it could it could happen. And you fancy him? I fancy him against he give anybody a fight and he and he's not wor about you know he went up to Scotland went in Josh's backyard nothing phases him he's just a competitor he's a competitor through and through yeah he's absolutely that and look and as is Josh Taylor by the way you know he he felt as though he won that fight he was demonstrating it at the end of it but where did it go wrong for him that night what what are you thinking for Josh next I don't No, he's having a break with his family. When he comes back, we'll have a chat with him and see where we go with it. Um, he he he's been fighting he was fighting infrequently and I think that that can be a turning thing. I'm not taking anything away from Ekko because Ekko did what he had to do. Um, and as I say went to the other guy's backyard, but uh we'll see, you know, if he if he wants to carry on, then we'll sit down, we'll talk and see what what we can what we can make happen. And what about Nathaniel Collins? That was a a breakout win that night. I tell you what, hey, Scottish hero, you know, he's he looks like being the next big thing. He can punch and he's an exciting s. It was a great card. It was a really good exciting fight card. Really exciting fight card. Yeah. Well, look, I said it in the buildup. You know, when Josh Taylor is it all said and done for him, we will on that card see the next flag bearer of Scottish boxing. And it may well be Nathaniel Collins. style, just the way he talks. He's got great energy about him. He has. And some of those youngsters as well who are on the card, you can see they're going to be stars of the future. You know, the two the two uh the two youngsters of uh with Emman's boy and Alex Arur's boy. I mean they they made they had a really really really good debuts against you sorry one debut which against real good quality opposition for somebody at that level turning pro and uh they they done the business in style and then we had we had the uh the com gold gold medalist on there and he how good did he look? Reese Lynch. Yeah. Special. Special. I mean, Reese done brilliantly. I mean, they they were really, you know, it's a really good performance. I was quite excited about it as I was about alloys. Yeah. Oh, goodness me. What a he will win a world title. He will win a world title. He can fight. He can box. He can fight. And he was with a really good class operator who had a fantastic jab. He boxed really well those fast first couple of rounds, but you know, alloys hits you and you know you've been hit. He can he can take the fight out of you with that power. Yeah, he looked absolutely frightening. He called out Vidal Riley afterwards. He's the British champion. Yeah, it's another one you'd do that straight away if you could. I mean, he seems up for it. He was on talk sport. He was kind of almost goating a lawyer for wearing the crown afterwards. Called it a Burger King crown. So, he he seems up for it, Frank. Well, fine then. Come on. see if he can make if he can flip the burger. We'll see, will he? I don't think he will. We will see. We will see. Yeah, but that's brilliant. And just just a final one on that Scotland show. Uh there was a young man who did very well that night by the name of Moses Townmer. I don't know if you've heard of him. He he did all right, didn't he? Well, we were saving him for last. Yes, he did. He done extremely well. I mean, it's how you do it. And he was in with somebody who come to fight. I mean, that you know that fellow Mike, he didn't come to sit on the floor, did he? him in he he fancied it and when he went down that last that last time he went down he got straight up and put it on him put him put him right back onto the ropes and was letting shots go but Mo hit with a cracker of a body shot his back was on the ropes he caught with a body shot turned him he threw one bing caught on his glove and then he hit he caught him moving backwards and there's not many fighters who can do that not only did he catch him going bad knocked him out yeah these Yeah, these are different sorts of knockouts. Frank, normally when you see a young heavyweight coming through bulldozing through the division, it's it's doof doof doof. I'm bigger, I'm more stronger, I'm going to knock you out. He's thinking about things a lot in there. He has great composure to start with. He's got good boxing brain. He can jab. He's got good head movement. Everything he does, he's he thinks about and he he measures his shots. is, you know, when people I've said it, you know, loads of times recently when we talk about, you get guys, especially when they're younger guys and they're getting people in trouble, they they they suddenly smother their own work. They they let so many shots go, they fall inside, they don't get He doesn't do any of that. He he actually he gets his jab and he measures his shots. He's a phenomenal fighter. A phenomenal fighter. 20 years of age. Yeah. What a handful. Well, listen. And I'll ask you the same question that I asked Francis in the ring and actually asked Moses in the ring afterwards. How are you going to get him rounds? Have you guys figured it out yet? How we going to get him rounds? I listen, I don't care if he don't get rounds. He can go in where he knocks them out, he knocks them over. That's it. That's, you know, he don't get paid for overtime. If he clips them, they go. He catches anybody, they'll go. He's that type of fighter. But I think he's got the boxing brain that should, you know, and there will be somebody who eventually stays with him because it happens to all fighters. And that's where where then, you know, the all that stuff you're doing in the gym, all that hard work and then it all kicks in and uh comes into play and that's where you where you win fights on points. But he's capable of doing that. Where do we sit on his next fight at the moment as as we sit here today? Announce it. We were going to announce it at the end of last week, but we would definitely announce his next fight this week. Okay, eyes peeled on the Queensbury social media. Just a word, Frank, on the uh the Bournemouth show. We've had the press conference now for Ryan Garner Belotti. Royston Barney Smith announced against Danny Quarter. What a brilliant fight. How good fight is that for those two belts that he's got, which would get top 10 ranking for young Royston if he comes through it. But that's a that's a great fight. I'm really looking forward to that. He's being stepped up this year and uh this is his this is a big test for him. Will you manage him as well as promote him? So I'd imagine because I've seen a few interviews after his last couple of fights where he's like I just want someone who's going to fight me back. I don't have to chase these guys around. I guess he's been moaning to you and you've been like all right have this one. He's got it. His wish has come true. Yeah. And you know what's interesting at these press conferences that we we've had the last couple we've had Ryan Garner sat there and we've had Royston sat next to him both a sides both fighting other guys but one day Frank one day what's going to happen is it you know they keep winning we're going to find out who not just if that please God you know Ryan gets a world title and he's he's like a younger man obviously he's coming along behind him who knows we'll get we'll get a big we get a big fight for the battle for the World Championship and the Battle of the South Coast. I love that the the stars are shining on the South Coast. There's some good fighters down there. I mean, it's a really good show down there. And that's and again, a lovely fight card. A real good quality fight card. Great stuff. Can't wait for that. That and that will be the week after Daniel Dubois, Alexander Rousi. We're edging closer. Daniel's done a little bit of media. Uh he spoke to talk sport and he said he's getting ready for the greatest win in boxing. Is it that Frank? Oh look, the blue ribbon division is the heavyweight division. Yeah, I think everybody agrees on that. Four belts on the line. The four belts are on the line. That's what it is. It's the biggest one out there. No Brit's ever done it. No, Brit has held the four belts. Where does this should Daniel Dubois beat Alexander Usyk at Wembley Stadium and become the undisputed champion, the only heavyweight undisputed champion from the UK in the four belt era. Just how big a win is that? And is it is it feels like the biggest since Fury dethroned Klitschko? Certainly. Just say what you just said to start question. Yeah, you answer this. That's what it is. No one's ever done it. It's the four belts. He's the first one to ever do it. The first Brit to ever do it. You've answered your own qu your your answers in your questions. Do you uh how much of an advantage is that huge crowd for Daniel Dwis compared to what he went into in Rottav Poland? Very much hostile away from home. He's only he's not been a favorite going into his last four fights. make this five fights cuz the bookmakaker is making Usyk the favorite. So he wasn't a favorite in Poland. He wasn't a favorite in those three sorry those two Riad season fights. Both the both Miller and uh Herovic were favorites and he certainly wasn't a favorite against Joshua where he went into the Lion's Den there. I ain't worried about that and he's not worried about it. He's got good He's in a good place of his mind and he believes in himself and he believes in his ability as we do. That's why we've made the fight. Fantastic stuff. And what's the ticket update there, Frank? How we getting on? Uh I think we're well into the sellences now. Fantastic. Have we got what we got? We got another seven weeks to go, I think. Roughly seven weeks. It's brilliant. So if this was at Spurs, it would have sold out Spurs. Sold Spurs out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But we're not at the Spurs. We're in the big SW. We're in the big place. But Frank, what about all those people saying you can't put that on at Wembley? It's It's not a big enough fight. What about all of that? Well, yeah. What do I know? What do you know? Indeed. Okay, listen. Any any final words heading into Saturday night? Are you running towards Yeah, watch it. It's going to be It's on the zone. It's another one. I mean, we've delivered some really good fights on the zone. This is another part of the heavyweight jigsaw puzzle. And uh it's a meaningful fight that gets the fighter into a meaningful position for the future. So uh watch it. These guys, it's all on the line. It's all on the line. It's got really good undercard as well. Good stuff. And when I see you in fight week, could I grab one of those shirts? Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I'll have to see if they they make them for your size. Don't they XXL? They might go down to that. You won't get one of them. I've said they sell them in mother care. Thanks very much, Frank. We'll see you in the week. Cheers. Cheers, me son.