Kind: captions Language: en Right, I am with Frank Warren in the Queensberry offices. This is the Unibet Low Down. Um, sponsored by Unibet. So, Frank, what a what a weekend, you know, uh a great fight on Saturday and a win for Arsenal as well. Great sporting weekend. We had a double up. It was a fabulous night of boxing. That main event was well, it was just a unbelievable, on the edge of your seat fight and uh you got to take your hat off to both of them. Fantastic fight. They They did not take anything out of the ring. Everything was left there, all on the line and they didn't mean need to fight each other. But they done it. Showed what they're all about and it was just uh it's a shame really you have to have a loser in a fight like that, but what a fight. And listen, um obviously Parker didn't come out on top, but first of all, what a what a class act he is and second of all, he had he had a very good performance. He He just the better man won on the night. Yeah, I mean, he is a class act and uh you know, well read the fight. I thought you know, he won the first round, second round went to uh Fabio. Uh his gum shield come out and I think that was quite fortunate. It gave him a little bit of a break then, but then I thought Fabio won the next round and then Joe won it, so they were even going into in my opinion, going into the fifth round. Then he won a few rounds, Joe. And it was um it was a it was a tough fight. I thought that, you know, they both showed their resilience and their strength and their their desire. Um I thought Fabio did well and it's not been I don't think he's had a lot of um praise for it, but he was throwing some good body shots and he was and he was having some effect with that. And Joe was doing the same. He was letting his when he was letting his shots go, he caught Fabio a few times and hurt him. But but Fabio's got this amazing resilience. And not just resilience, he gets his composure back very quickly. He doesn't fall apart, he gets it back and it's like he's, you know, shakes it off. And as did Joe and that's how the fight went and I thought that 10th round, especially the last probably the last 30 40 seconds of the 10th round when he was getting caught and it was quite torrid for him at the end of the round. And I'll sit next to Tyson. Obviously Tyson's a major major friend and supporter of Joe. And uh I think I said to him, "I don't think it's going to go another round, this." I said, "I have a you know, Fabio may have punched himself out cuz he let so many shots go or whether or it's the effects on Joe. Anyway, as it turned out, um it was Fabio's got on top and was letting his shots go. I don't know where he finds for it where he finds it from, but he was letting his shots go and uh I thought the referee got it right. Yeah, you speak about Fabio's sort of resilience. Um there was a moment in the 10th round where, you know, obviously Fabio, I think most people would have said was down on the scorecards, but he kind of looked to the ground. I think Joe had landed a few shots. He looked to the ground and he was like &gt;&gt; Great 16. &gt;&gt; You know, he's like, "Come on then." It's kind of he's got that sort of Yeah. That sort of real fighter's attitude that, you know, even if a guy might be a little bit technically better than him. &gt;&gt; Well, you got to look at him. The the experience that he's had, the experience he's got over him. I mean, he's He's He's a guy who's never had a had an amateur bout. Had a couple of white collar fights, tough man contest, whatever you want to call them. And then he's he's learned on the job. 20 fights, was it? 18, 19 knockouts and learning just learning his craft on the job and each time stepping up a level. And he stepped up and fought the number two ranked heavyweight in the world. I mean, I'm showing he should be there with him. I mean, it was it was amazing and amazing what he did and you know, they both of them should be very proud of themselves. You know, they certainly didn't disgrace each other. And and I just felt it was uh I felt it was like saying it's a Cinderella story. I suppose in some ways it is where where Fabio's come from and where he's at now. I mean, his next fight will be against Alexander Usyk unless he vacates the title. That's the bottom line of it. Is it, you know, in all your years of promoting, have you ever seen any anything like this? Is it one of the best stories you've ever seen in boxing? &gt;&gt; It It is. I mean, if you'd have thought when he turned professional, someone said, "Well, who is he? Well, he's had a couple of white collar fights and that's it." In 20 fights, he'll be beating the world's number two and he'll be fighting Usyk, the gold medalist, undefeated cruiserweight champion, undefeated heavyweight champion for four belts. Just this is It is a an amazing story, an amazing journey that he's that he's been on and he's and where he's got to. Like you you said in the build-up, you you will try to make the winner versus Alexander Usyk. You know, every step of the way for Fabio, people have said, "No, this is a step too far. This, you know, we'll see levels." You keep hearing that. And people will say that even more against Usyk, but do you think he has a chance? Look, everybody says about levels. But he's got something as well. As I've said before, he's got levelers. He's got them. He's got tremendous power and if he catches you with them, he levels you. That's what he does. If he, you know, whether you're whoever you are, whatever heavyweight, you're getting hit with a shots like that. And once he gets you, he's a good finisher, he's all over you. You're in trouble. And if he does that to Usyk, yeah, I think he can stop him. Usyk will be a big favorite favorite going into the fight. Course he will and he's got all that wealth of experience. But you you you've got to give him a a chance and he fancies it. That's the thing about him. He fancies these fights. And you know, to Fabio's point, obviously people talk about the power of him, but he says, you know, a lot of the 12 rounds is spent setting up the shots and feinting and jabbing and and whatnot. So, I think he's a probably a better boxer than people give him credit for as well. &gt;&gt; He certainly learned from that Rooney fight, that's for sure. Um I think, you know, again, using hit what he says, you know, championship fight's 36 minutes long. It takes him 1 second to change the dynamic of it and he's done that now on 19 occasions. That's what he's done and he finds a way and I don't know. It It It It is It's He's got He's got He's got good composure, very good composure. And if he gets caught, gets flustered a bit, but then he gets his composure straight back. And he I I I mean, he doesn't take a backward step, does he? At all. What did you make of the stoppage? Obviously some people have said that they thought it was early. The stoppage was bang on. The, you know, if you're not throwing punches back, the referee has no choice. And he was getting caught with some some really good shots. Not all of them, but he was getting caught with shots and the referee got it right and I don't think that should tarnish the victory. Excuse me. Tyson was sitting next next to me and Tyson's big friend of Joe Parker, they're supporting him and he agreed. He said, you know, the referee was right. You know, what do you want to do? Go out on a stretcher? I mean, he was throwing just throwing throwing punches. There was nothing coming back. And Andy Lee said the same thing, you know, a punch can change the dynamic of a fight. But what a rematch down road it might be between the two of them. Absolutely. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; And And by the way, what should the stoppage be? If a fellow's got to be, you know, knocked out to the floor when he's not throwing punches back. What someone see What you want to see him go out on a stretcher or having oxygen? I think, you know, in some cases of fighters getting badly hurt, it's happened when guys are maybe too tough for their own good. They don't &gt;&gt; been too brave. Yeah. And that's you know, testament to the referee maybe on that one. Um but, you know, a lot of names there on Saturday night. You must have been, you know, must have been nice to see all those heavyweights up on the stage. &gt;&gt; There was quite a few of them there. A couple did couldn't make it, but a lot of them were there and it was really good to see it and knowing all the good fights we can make. Any you've got your eyes on? Quite a few. Quite a few. Quite a few. &gt;&gt; some good announcements soon. Well, we can't we can't wait for that. And um you know, it is another fight week onto the onto the next one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We've got a great show up in Manchester. It's a cracker of a show and it's a bit like the what's happening in heavyweight division, we're doing it in a light heavyweight division. We've got three light heavyweight title fights on there. You know, headed up with uh Joshua Buatsi and Zack Parker. That's a a a cracker of a fight. Uh I think between them, what they've had They've had about something like 20 I think he's had about 27, 28 fights. Zack, I think Josh has had about 20. One defeat each on their record. And this is a a big moment for them. Big moment for both of them. One of them will go on, one's going to drop down the pecking order. And it's it's got to be a win-win fight, so everything will be on the line for them. You know, on the 22nd, we've got the big fight with Benavidez and Anthony Yarde in Riyadh, part of the Riyadh season show where the where the belts are on the line. So, everyone's got their eyes on that. They all want to be in that mix. They want to I'm hoping they'll be fighting Anthony Yarde, we'll see, but you know, whatever it is, it is. And then on on the undercard, we've got the Liam Cameron fighting with uh Troy Jones, which is a cracker of a fight. And then we got the Brad Rea and uh Lyndon Arthur fight, which is an all Manchester affair, which is a again a really good com- um competitive fight, plus a a super undercard with some good young fighters on. You know, for Josh Buatsi, obviously it is his Queensberry debut. He's, you know, a very esteemed amateur. He's had a great pro career as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When you signed him, did you know, okay, we want to get this guy straight into a fight at the top level, so that he can be challenging for a world title soon? He wanted a fight at the top level. That's what he asked for, and that's what he's got. You know, we've got some fighters in that division, in that light heavyweight division. Zack Parker's one of them, who's done really well. Um you know, he busted his hand up, which which sort of put him off course a bit, but he's now back to 100%. And he's very comfortable now. He's moved up from super middleweight to light heavyweight, so you know, it's uh he's getting his wish. He's going in with somebody who's going to who's going to give him a good fight. And as has Zack, cuz Zack knows this is an important fight for him. Obviously, not to overlook Zack, because that is that is a very good fight. &gt;&gt; he's a good fighter. Exactly. But, if Josh can get through this fight, Joshua Buatsi versus Anthony Yarde has been a fight that's been talked about for a number of years. If both men can come through those fights, just how big would that fight be? It's a big big fight. As you say, everybody's talked about it like they talked about AJ fighting Tyson. It's that type of era generational fight. Yeah, I I'd love to see that, and we'll see. And yeah, obviously Brad Rea, Lyndon Arthur, Manchester derby. One Brad Rea is a City fan. Um Lyndon Arthur is a a uh Man United fan. How good would that be for the Manchester public? Lyndon Arthur, I think he has one of the best jabs I've seen. &gt;&gt; good, aren't they? They're always good, and you know there's a lot of pride on the line. You know, who who wants who wants to brag in rights in Manchester? We'll see. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And um obviously Liam Cameron, he is a sort of late replacement for Troy Jones. &gt;&gt; fighter. You know, he had the setback last time out, but his his story, you know, coming back from addiction and whatnot, it's a pretty special story. Will it be good to see him back out there? &gt;&gt; It is. It is. And it's been a an amazing story, and uh you got to take your hat off to him for all of his acco- accomplishments accomplishments, and what he's done to to get his life back on track. So, you know, good for him. And it's again, it's a cracker of a fight. Well, Frank, we look forward to seeing you uh later this week. Another another massive card from Queensberry, yeah. &gt;&gt; And we look forward to seeing you. It's going to be a good show. Don't miss it on DAZN. Cheers, Frank. All right, my old mate.