Kind: captions Language: en So, I am with Frank Warren in the Queensberry offices. Frank, how are you? I'm good. Yourself? Very well, very well. How did you enjoy the fights on on Saturday in Glasgow? I loved them. I thought it was a fabulous fight card. I mean, a real fan-friendly show. Um the main event was amazing. You know, amazing fight. And I thought Nathaniel did a Nathan done a great job. Done a great job. I thought he won it. I thought you know, I thought that he won the first five rounds, six rounds, which was going to be round of the year. Um you know, it could have gone either way, but and then I thought it just, you know, if you split up the next six rounds, you know, he came he came I mean he came right back into it. Spinks had come right back into it. And big Sam, and I'll take my hat off to him going in the other guy's backyard and doing what he did. Um I'm not sort of having a pop at anybody and think, you know, it was a great fight. It didn't deserve It's one of those fights that didn't deserve a loser, but I thought he done well to to win it. But it's not the end of the world. He's shown what he's all about. He's uh He's cut the moments in the fight where he let his heart rule his head. And I thought, you know, um corner really gave him some sound advice. And uh he'll learn from it. And he'll learn from it. And you know, it'd be a great rematch down the road. Great rematch. Oh, it could be a great fight between those two. Do you think that's what should be next for him? Uh a rematch just to kind of Even though a lot of people think and I think he thinks he won the fight, just to kind of put that to bed and prove he is, you know, of that at least European level and you know, moving on to world level. &gt;&gt; We've not got rushing to anything. You know, we're We're sitting see what we're, you know, what we're going to do and see what what what I mean, it was an eliminator for the title. He's you know, he didn't lose the fight. It was a draw. I mean, that's that's the bottom line of it. And he rate re-changed his position with the WBC. So, we'll see what happens. And obviously plenty of other talent on that card. I first want to mention young Jonjo Carrigan. It was his debut. He's obviously had a very illustrious amateur career, but he he really looks like something on his debut, didn't he? Well, I liked him. He's He's obviously doesn't lack any confidence. And he's going to settle down well and professional boxing will suit him. There's no doubt about that. I'll I'll do like him. And uh I thought he boxed extremely well. Shame he got the cut, but but that's that's that's uh That's what it's That's what it's about. But he done he done extremely well and he should be uh pleased with his with his performance. And I'm sure we're going to get some great fights from him. And I think it's going to be a really, really good and exciting journey for him. The return of Willy Hutchinson. Obviously, we haven't seen him since that um fight he had to Joshua Buatsi, but he came back and he looked He looked fresh. He looked like he was really enjoying himself in there. He certainly did. And he showed what he's all about, you know, when he when he he He's back with his trainer, wasn't he? And uh Spanish trainer. And uh he'd done He'd done extremely well, extremely well. He boxed well. He was He was very composed. He took his time. He was smart. And he showed the power that he's got when he needs to turn up. He's you know, he's a world-class fighter. And if he does what he's supposed to do in the gym and works hard, you know, he's a handful for anybody. And he's got a good chance of going all the way. Um We're having a match. We're going to fight again before the end of the year. You know, our our light heavyweight stable right now, it's without a doubt the has to be the best in the world. Um we've got uh Louie Edmondson versus Ez Ra Taylor. We've got the card in Manchester with all those great light heavyweights. Who would you like to see Willy get in there get in there with? Well, let's see what happens with the card in Manchester. See who the winners are. And uh And the other the other fights we've got coming up with it featuring some of the guys. And we can look at it. And there are some great fights to be made, some fabulous fights. But then you've got the big fight obviously that's to take place in red in November. Um you know, Benavidez against uh Anthony Yarde is a cracker of a fight. It's a cracker of a fight. So, that's going to be interesting. So, let the dust settle. And then obviously we'll we'll we'll do what we've got to do to deliver and make make good fights like we're doing with heavyweights. Is that the same thing we're doing with heavyweights? Just on on Glasgow again, obviously that's the the second fight we've had there this year. It was a great atmosphere again. There's some really good young Scottish talent, the likes of Marcus Sutherland, another knockout Alex Arthur Jr. Do you think you will be going back there again soon? Yeah, I mean, you know, Ashton, Drew, all of them. I mean, it it it Of course we're going to go back there. And we'll build on it. We'll build on it. And it'll be, you know, it's uh I look back over the years of shows I've done up in Glasgow over the years and the great fighters who won world titles. And I'm looking on Saturday thinking there's a couple of guys there who can can win a world title in time. So, yeah, we'll be back there. And we'll be delivering some big nights in in in Scotland. Then onto the next show. Um Joseph Parker versus Fabio Wardley at the O2 Arena. We haven't had a show at the O2 Arena in a while. I believe it was Derek Chisora versus Joe Joyce, which was a great occasion. &gt;&gt; Really? That was the last one? &gt;&gt; I I believe so. But it's always something special at the O2, isn't it? Yeah, it's a good arena for It's a great fight arena, you know, um it's got a great ambia- ambiance. It's got, you know, it just lends itself to boxing. I did the very first fight there many, many years ago, which was I think it was um uh Enzo Maccarinelli uh when he fought when he was uh uh cruiserweight um against David Haye. Wow. That's a fight. &gt;&gt; that that was the first fight there. But you know, it's There's always been great fights there. And uh I'm looking forward to it. It's a really good quality fight. Yeah, at the moment it's for the uh interim title and for the right to fight um Usyk. And you know, they've got the winner's got everything to gain. These guys going to be at their best. They both fancy the job. The styles will blend. And I think we're going to get something special on the night between the two of them. And And I say that having looked at all our shows that we've done on DAZN. They've been brilliant fights, brilliant shows. And this one on the 20th this is going to be a great show. And just sort of break down the match-up between um Joe and and Fabio. Obviously, common conception is that, you know, Fabio he's got that big punch, but he might not be as well-schooled as as a Joe is. Do you see it that way? Well, look, Joe's former world champion. So, let's say how it is. He's got far more experience than Fabio's got. But what I look at I look at Fabio and think for a guy who never had a amateur fight, come straight into the pro ranks, and do what he's done. And s- Look how many opponents he's stopped. I think it's all but one he's stopped. And he's he's done brilliantly. And you know, he says it himself. He's got 36 minutes in a fight. But it only takes 1 second for him to change the whole dynamic of a fight. And he did that certainly last time out, coming from behind. And he believes he can win this fight. He's really up for it. As is Joe. And that's why I feel it's going to be something a bit special. The styles will blend to turn it into a really, really good night. You know, you mentioned he only needs that one moment. That that one moment that he had in Ipswich, you know, we saw you on the broadcast. You were, you know, you were very happy. Just describe how that how that felt when you saw that punch land. &gt;&gt; Well, he was behind. And I was I I was happy for him because he's, you know, he's he's he's with us. He's a lovely fellow to work with. You know, we really, really get on well. And I thought he I thought, you know, he stayed at it. He didn't, you know, didn't lose heart. He's you know, the guy who's, you know, very, very good boxer. Um And obviously it was um Eddie's fighter, so that That's a bit more, you know, it's another one of um &gt;&gt; It's always a bonus. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's always a bonus for us. And that was And And it was great cuz they all thought it was that he was that he was getting beat, but they all thought that it was all over. And it's never all over until the fat lady rings the bell, the final bell. Yeah. And you you talk about, you know, the the personality of Fabio. Joe's got some character as well, you know. &gt;&gt; They're lovely fellows. &gt;&gt; To to come back from, you know, some tough fights, a couple of losses, and do what he's done in in recent fights. He's He's got real character, isn't he? &gt;&gt; He's had three really good wins. And he's done it in style and put yourself well and fairly well and truly back in contention. He's the interim champion. That's what he is. So, it's quite It's really simplistic. The winner will fight Usyk cuz the WBO have ordered it. Or if Mr. Usyk decides he wants to retire, then they'll be declared champion. So, got everything to gain, everything to gain. And the co-main event, Ez Ra Taylor versus Louie Edmondson. You know, it's a great fight, but but these guys they don't like each other, you know. It's They've been going back and forth for a while. What can fans expect from this one? I think again it's going to be fireworks. I really do. You know, they They have been going back and forth, but they're two really good fighters. And they both believe in each other. And it's Again, it's one of those match-ups where, you know, you're going to get I you know I I generally feel it's a great another great fight card evenly matched great fight. Great fight. These guys will put on a great performance. And Royston Smith out against Danny Quartermaine. You know, he's been rising the ranks slowly. I know you're very fond of of Royston. Will this really be the test of to you know to see where Royston can go in the sport? We're going to find out what he's all about. This is this is this is the big big test for him. So we will see. I believe in him. He believes in himself. He asked for this fight. We made it. And it's there for him to go and do. You know, we we've paved the way. We put we got the fight on got it together. And um he's got to go and deliver now. Just you know that the the following two cards, obviously we've got Manchester with the light heavyweights. We've got um Yarde versus Benavidez. First of all Manchester debut Queensberry debut for Joshua Buatsi against Parker. Great come the fight again. I mean it's a good fight. And you know, it's one of those fights where you know it's like neither of them can afford to lose. You know, they both need a win. They need a real good performance. And it's going to be an interesting fight. They're both very very good fighters on their day and uh and again it's it's it's a lot of jeopardy involved. And Anthony Yarde, you know, what a what an eventful career he's had, you know, plenty of of ups and downs. He's had, you know, his world title opportunities in in the past where you know, arguably you could you could you could say his stock rose on on those fights against Beterbiev and Kovalev. And he's got another opportunity now against one of the very best in the world in David Benavidez. He has and um Kovalev fight I I generally thought got his tactics right. He could have won that fight. And he was looking very strong in in moments. He I mean he was quite close to stopping him, wasn't he? And it was uh it didn't anyway didn't happen. And he gave um Beterbiev I think his toughest fight at that time. Tough tough fight and it was a again up until the stoppage he was doing he was doing extremely well. He's in with a quality fighter who's 30 and 0. Good quality fighter who's come up a weight a couple of couple of fights ago. Um this is the last chance saloon as far as the title's concerned. It's his third attempt. But you know, you can look at people like Frank Bruno done it in his fourth attempt. It's there. It can be done. Tough fight. Good fight. Um and he fancies the job. And he's you know, and he he he he's got a lot of self-belief. When you again, you know, you look at him and look at you know, the lack of experience he had as an amateur. I think he only had about 11 or 12 amateur fights. It's amazing. Do you think you know the experience he's had in those world title fights is almost it's making up for his lack of amateur experience now in the sport? &gt;&gt; way to make it up, you know, but it is but it has helped. And he's learned from his fights. He's always keeps himself in it in immaculate condition. He looks after himself. Always in the gym. Um and he needs to be in the gym for this cuz he's in with he's in with a with a very very good fighter. And you know, on to Moses Itauma, it's you know, you've said for a while that you're you're looking to to make a fight again with him this year. Um what's what's the update? There's been lots of names floated. Big announcement. Big announcement coming up. Big announcement coming up. Big announcement. How hard is you know, how hard has it been to to find him a fight? Look, it's been hard. I mean you know he's a he's a 20-year-old prodigy and everybody everybody talks about him. Um he's probably at this stage of his career at the age he's he's probably the best young fighter at this stage of his career I've been involved with. What he's doing what he's delivering. He's got a great boxing brain. He's very mature. He's got great composure. He's got a great very good very good boxing brain. And I like everything that I everything about him when he's in that ring. I mean even when he fought in his last fight I know he's all over him in the first round and it was a fantastic performance against Dillian Whyte. But when you look at him going into the ring first and there was that delay of Dillian getting to the ring for whatever reason he just took it in his stride. That's things like that, you know, they tick boxes. Um he's not gone the distance as such yet. Um but he's that type of guy if he catches you it's all over. He um the way he's going I I mean I I he's he's on the verge of of verge of fighting for a world title. Potentially after this next one that might be what you're looking at. &gt;&gt; Yeah. On this announcement obviously we know we're not we're not ready to announce anything, but how how happy will will fans be with with the the opponent we're about to announce? &gt;&gt; pleased with the opponent. They'll be pleased with the fight. Yeah. Very very nice. We can't wait to &gt;&gt; Look, he's only had 13 fights. It's all he's had as a professional boxer. He never had any senior bouts as an amateur or junior bouts. You know, this is this he's been he's moving along and he's he's taking it in stride and the performances he's putting up to us yet have been brilliant. I mean he's looked brilliant. Um and you think and I'll I'll keep saying it, you know, look at AJ for example. He didn't turn pro till he was 24. And look at the the quality of the opposition he's fought at such a young age. It's really good for a you know, for a a young guy who's I've just said has had 13 fights. I mean that that very you know, heavyweight division it takes much longer. They don't get many guys doing that. But he's done it and he's done it in style. And uh you know, he's he's he's a you know, I I I think he's the business. Absolutely and we can't wait for that announcement you've you've got coming. Um Tyson Fury, you know, I saw a quote you said to the ring that he might be might be out next year. He might be on for a comeback. What have the conversations been between you and Tyson? I've had a couple of conversations about it and where I hadn't for a long time, but we had a couple and uh you know, he's indicated that he wants to fight next year. He won't fight this year for obvious reasons or what he's got going on, but he's indicated he'd like to do that and we'll we'll revisit that uh and I think before the end of the year see where we go. If you had you know, your your pick of the bunch if if you personally Frank could decide, okay, I'm going to pick this heavyweight. Who would you who would you put in? Well, I mean the obvious one is is Joshua because everybody wants wants it to see that fight and wants to see that fight. That's an obvious one. But I think I think Usyk again would be I mean the Usyk fights are good quality fights. Really good quality. They were close fights and you know, I don't care what anybody says. They were close fights and they were bloody good fights. Um I could watch those again. I could watch that again. I certainly could watch those again as well, but you know, that that age of fight do you think do you think it's possible? You know, it's been talked about for so long. Do you think it's possible at this stage? &gt;&gt; look look I mean being blunt, it's all about money. That's what it's about. You know, these guys they get at the stage of their career and stage of their life they're where they're you know it's tough when you get older. It's tough. You're in the gym. You're working hard and you know, to get yourself to do that you've got to be you've got to be incentivized and what incentivizes professional boxers is money. That's why they're professionals. I said well, listen if anyone can make it happen it's you Frank. And yeah, we hope to see Fury back in there anyways, but &gt;&gt; Well, if he wants to fight, I'd love to see him back in the ring. But whatever he does, he's got to be happy. Absolutely. Yeah, that's the most important thing, isn't it? Well, Frank thank you very much for speaking to us. We can't wait for that show at the O2 in a few weeks time. Good stuff. Be good. I'll I'll try. Good man.