Kind: captions Language: en David Adelaide and Big Baby Miller. First of all, I know you guys have a kind of close relationship. Just tell me first of all how that came about. First of all, you &gt;&gt; he was in Miami giving troubles, man. So, you know, I had to give him a little kick in the boot and tell him, "Listen, I bathe himself out here." You know what I mean? No, no, Dave's a good guy, man. Respectful. But, uh, you know, I just want to make sure you not get no trouble. And, uh, they show him the ropes in New York and show him the ropes in Miami, man. And like I said, he's a good dude, man. He blends in. Anywhere I bring him, he blends right in, man. So, that's what I like about him. He He's not too show off. He's not boisterous. He like to chill and go with the vibe and that's what I love about him. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; And David, there's a lot of respect from your side for for Big Baby. Maybe similar characters maybe or &gt;&gt; 100%. It's funny. Yeah, we are similar characters but um get on like a house on fire, man. Live by the same sort of morals and whatnot. And uh no stabbing in the back here, you know what I mean? So yeah, &gt;&gt; I was actually in your dressing room after the Herovich fight and you you actually received a call from from Big Baby. How much do you appreciate something like that from, you know, a fellow heavyweight? He knows kind of what you're going through &gt;&gt; a lot because you get calls from certain friends and that you're always appreciative, especially when someone walks down the same sort of path. He's a fire, so he knows what it's like, you know. Um, so yeah, you got to you got to appreciate it. &gt;&gt; And Big Baby, talk to me a bit about that that Herovich fight. What sort of advice were you giving uh David after that fight? &gt;&gt; No, it it was a tough fight. You know, he had everything to be proud of. uh he didn't get denied that night but I want to tell him man he made me proud you know kind of brought tears to my eye after seeing that fight it was a tough and brutal fight and her one of my boys too you know two of the boys are fighting so you know it was no love loss it was just that I know Adelaide's uh younger than him and I said keep your head up you get a good showing you know just brush it off and get back in the gym man and that's what it would come down to learn experience &gt;&gt; and obviously you were you were scheduled to fight you know one part of the main event once upon a time &gt;&gt; um How do you see this fight going? Is it a step too far for Fabio? &gt;&gt; Um I I mean listen man, he's been winning fights. I don't think it's a step too far. That's boxing. You know, you're going to get find out sooner or later. But I just feel like Parker has a little more well a lot more really in the ammunition. But we do know Parker's chin is acceptable and and um Wy does have that equalizer which is a right hand. Now Parker doesn't sit still. You know, he does he he can't crack. I'm thinking Parker's going to take it, but this is boxing. You never know. &gt;&gt; David, tell me about your fight. Um, you've got one scheduled, I believe, in in Nigeria. How excited are you to be back in in in Africa? &gt;&gt; Man, it's one of the dreams as a kid, you know, getting to fight in the motherland. Um, can imagine how powerful my parents would be fighting back home in the country that they were born in. And, uh, yeah, so I'm grateful. Good opportunity came. Big shout out to Frank Warren for making it happen as well. Um, Balmor aka Promotions. Yeah, they all came together, came up with this genius plan, and here we are now fighting back home. &gt;&gt; Big baby, what what do you think David's can do in this heavyweight division now? When you kind of, you know, look at at at David amongst the the top names, where do you sort of how highly do you rate him? &gt;&gt; Rate him as a top heavyweight. I think he needs a couple more little couple more fights to fine-tune his style and get a little more relaxed, but he's definitely in the top division for sure. You know what I mean? especially us older guys is going good go next four or five years you know what I mean I'm 36 now so I'm giving myself another five six years you know and he's going to be right in his prime still so I feel like the more he stays in the gym more he stays active don't got to take such dangerous fights all the time when you're young is kind of staying active and kind of just keeping the staying your tooth sharp in the box man he's going to be around for a long time and definitely got championship breed in them and that last fight proved it good chin good heart just got to learn how to relax &gt;&gt; and listen there's going to be all the all the heavyweights all the Frank Warren's, you know, lots of Frank Warren's heavyweights in the building today. Is there anyone that you're you're looking at? &gt;&gt; Um, man, anybody I want to scrap really, you know what I mean? There's a lot of names that came to the table to me, man. You know what I mean? But I feel like right now, it has to benefit me. You know what I'm trying to say? Because they know what I could bring to the table, man. But at the same time, it has to make sense. That's all it is. You know, to Jo was a great fight. I accepted it. No problem. And all of a sudden, we we did all we had to do, sign a contract. We're in VA. We're getting piss test. We're doing all the hoop to hoop. And all of a sudden, Chisor says, "Nope, I don't want that fight again." So, like I said, I feel like somebody definitely sabotaged it because Derek's been calling me for months about we're going to do we're going to do it and then finally we're getting close to it and you know, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crumbles. &gt;&gt; Oh, listen. Maybe one day we can see it. But just last of all, was there any was there ever any uh sparring sessions between between you two? &gt;&gt; Imagine me and him with a body shot. That's what I got to tell you. He was like, "Damn, man. Everything [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] strong, huh? It's so funny. You know what's so funny? Cuz uh C baby's character. He used to walk into the gym. Hey yo, who want that work with baby? I'm like me. Like yeah, glove up. Used to glove up a good point. David got David could crack, man. David could definitely crack. I'm like, "Yo, teach me a lot of things as well." You know, there certain things been in the game way longer than I have been, and he's telling me now you got to loosen up there. Do this there. Do this there. So yeah. Yeah. It it definitely &gt;&gt; was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nuts. We going to work on a joke. I say I get hit with a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right hand from hell. No, I don't like playing games with him no more. You know what I mean? I got They was a good guy, man. They been cracked. They &gt;&gt; We got two of the best uh personalities in the heavyweight division right here. Thank you for speaking to us, guys. Cheers, guys. &gt;&gt; Pleasure. Pleasure.