Kind: captions Language: en We are here with uh I guess the last king of Scotland and the man who many are saying is the next king of Scotland, Josh Taylor, Nathaniel Collins. How are we fellas? &gt;&gt; Uh great. You know, it's been a rough couple of weeks for myself obviously announcing my retirement due to the injury of my eye, but I'm kind of over that now. Um and yeah, I'm looking forward to getting in amongst and cheering on the next wave coming through, you know, and this man's leading the way. So yeah, he's I'm looking forward to how seeing how he progresses and getting at the back of him and supporting him. &gt;&gt; I guess that's one thing that you you have done is uh spearheaded a bit of a return now to to Scotland. That must be something that you're proud of. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Because as I was coming through there was obviously Ricky Burns. Um there's only ever been one fighter every so often to come through. Um and when I come through I was I was able to provide all the knights up in Scotland here. I was always getting asked if I wanted to fight in London or here there I was in north in Scotland or in Glasgow and that way the fighters that are on the undercard. Most of them were Scottish and they could get the chance to pro so they showcase their skills on a on a big stage which is an opportunity that we get kind of starved of up here. you know, mostly the fighters are having to go on the road and fight down south on undercards and stuff. So, every time I had a chance to have a fight, I I try and make sure that it was in Scotland. So, then the the lads on the undercard, the Scottish lads would get the first dibs for a change. So, I was very proud that I was able to provide that and give the lads an opportunity to showcase our skills. &gt;&gt; And that's great for you Nathaniel. I mean, Josh has brought kind of brought it back. You've been coming up sort of on the undercards and now ready to take the torch I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And you know it's obviously a shame for Josh that what's happening his eye and he's retired and stuff but his pain is my pleasure cuz I'm getting this opportunity now. But um like you're saying he spearheaded with that last one there. Like this probably would never have been talked about if that wasn't such a success. like I would never have been in this position and the boys upstairs like it's great because I'm getting the chance to now put this be the part of this you know headlining the show and there's guys like Willie Hutcherson and all that underneath me which is mad to me cuz I'm just like I'm just a guy I've trained him at Scotland training and he's just like these are all just my mates but then they're looking up to you and it's crazy. What what did you admire from Josh's career? Honestly, I just think he was one of the most skillful southpaws I ever used to see. And I used to think like, see the speed and the the accuracy of his punches. I always thought if I could box like somebody, I would box like Josh. Unfortunately, I'm not as good as Josh. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you're just And there's every chance there's ever a chance you can't reach. There's no reason why you can't reach the levels of becoming on the street world champion. I mean, if I can do it, there's any chance anybody can do it. You know, all you've got to do is &gt;&gt; I don't even really need to tell you because you live the life. I've seen how you train. I see how you apply yourself. You're even out in the fight, you're out doing all these mad runs across country running and he's in some shape. So, you don't need to worry about living the life. That's all you need. All you need to really do is focus on improving as yourself as an athlete. Taking yourself away for your home comforts. maybe get yourself take yourself over to America for four or five weeks and go about the gyms, get a little bit of sparring, a little bit of coaching with different coaches and just pick up bits of experience with different fighters and different styles and you develop. I think that was why I developed so well was because I was able I was so well traveled as an amateur seeing all these different styles and ways of coming at you. But then as a pro as well, I had great development as is sparring all different around the country, all around the place and going to different countries and sparring. So that's the only bit of advice I could give you. You do everything else great. Don't the only other bit of advice I would say is don't be afraid to to travel and and go and experience different parts of the world for more experience for your benefit. So but I know you're a smart guy. So he he lives the life. He he he he's he's fit every time you watch. Follow him on the Instagram and all that and he's just always training and doing all these mad runs and everything. So that side of things you don't need to worry about. The only thing is just applying yourself and don't be don't be afraid to step out of your comfort zone and go out different places and and learn and develop. Do you think you can go all the way? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I've seen his talents. I've saw him firsthand in the gym sparring. I've saw the way obviously as I was just explained, he lives the life as as an athlete and he's definitely got the talent. So there's absolutely no reason why that he can. You know, obviously there's dominoes that have got to fall in your favor, but it's kind of wide open for him. So I believe he can go and do it and he definitely can do it. He's got the talent to do it for sure. So I don't see there's any any reason why not. &gt;&gt; Must be good to him. This is nice. This is a nice ego booster. It's funny because she's having somebody like that talk about you in that way or like I'm I don't know how to say it without sounding an idiot, but like I'm like the most kind of down to earth or like I just get on about my business and like see having like great boxers and great you know people have done great things in sport or even upstairs like having people come to see me and sometimes I go to the gym and people like or I'm in sauna or whatever and people like why are you in the sauna as if I wouldn't have be there and I'm like I'm just a guy and I'm just a normal guy so see having people say nice things about me like I don't know how to react to it cuz I'm like whoa that's the best attitude to have cuz I was kind of the same I was kind of couldn't take compliments too well I got all redfaced and things like that and that's the best attitude to have don't get don't let it get to here and go above your station and get all bigheaded but I know you're not like that anyway you keep the head you kind of I don't really know you that well, but I know you well enough to you're not that kind of guy to when you get compliments to let go of your head and he's not that kind of guy. I know he he likes to go about his business quietly and lives the life and the when you do get the praise and do get the compliments, you kind of blush. I used to kind of blush and get all red face and say, "Oh, thank you very much." And I think he's kind of got that as well. So, I think that's a a good sign that he's going to remain grounded and remain focused, which is probably I think the most important uh part of all. &gt;&gt; You're sitting there blushing the &gt;&gt; I know he's saying more nice things than me. &gt;&gt; No, that's that's that's what it's all about, isn't it? Like I want to be in that position up there, but I still want to be the guy that's like I'm just everybody's mate and that's just how it is. I don't want to be like, "Oh, &gt;&gt; I'm this guy and I'm that guy walking about." &gt;&gt; I don't then, but people want to see you get beat and people Well, you're going to get that anyway anyway because you're going to get and the more successful you come, you're going to get people hating on you anyway and say, "I want to get him get beat and stuff." You're going to get that anyway, but you just keep yourself grounded and true to yourself. And I know you are anyway. I know that's what he's like anyway. He's kind of just down to the earth and doesn't see himself as Nathaniel Collins and the next one coming through. He's focused on becoming world champion and that's all Mars to him and you can see when you talk to him and you I've seen him about all the shows when we went to the ones at Liverpool and all that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he's always very focused and that's so he needs to that's what you need to keep focused remain on that track. You you'll find &gt;&gt; you see some of yourself in him. a little bits a little bit in terms of his um his dedication and his his drive his drive and his focus he's kind of tunnel finish tunnel visioned into the single try minded and then that's where you need to be the top and I think that's what he's got in abundance so along with the confidence as well he's got that too as well so that's what you need is brilliant &gt;&gt; we should do this more often we'll do we'll do &gt;&gt; you know what h it just came in my head there cuz they were talking about it cuz you're saying just hear a bit about yourself in him. But I think like five or six years ago there was a MTK show in the Emirates and I remember being like there was like an after party and stuff after it and it's just came back to me there. But I seen Josh. I don't drink anymore but I was drinking then and I was up to I was like I don't even know who you were with. I was like grabbing him. I'm the best. I'm the best in the world and all that. Grab him. He's probably like, "Who's this we guy? Get away from me." So, &gt;&gt; and that's the that's the attitude that you need. That's how you got you've got to believe you're the best before you're to you're the best. You've got to know you know in your own mind you're the best in the world. And that's what that's how you got that's what I thought when I was coming through. I'm the I'm the best. I'm going to be world champion. I'm already I was already a world champion in here. And that's what matters. But as long you keep focused and don't let all the outside distractions take you away cuz that will that'll all come. &gt;&gt; What do you admire about about Josh? He's he's said a lot of nice things about you. What do you admire about this guy that's kind of paved the way here? &gt;&gt; Um I think Josh has got a brilliant character. I really respect that everything he stands for and stands by is his own views and his own opinions and he's not like a media managed kind of guy like he's like me. He's just a normal guy and whatever he's saying and you know talking about he means and does and like he's never kind of devalued himself or degraded himself to get into any position like he's he's just get like his integrity is there and that's always took him. So no matter like he says when he get to the top it didn't matter if people wanted to see him win wanted to see him lose like he just stood by his values and his things you know everybody can look at him and think he's the best boxer in the world or he's the best fighter or the skill set he has in that but we all know that we can all see that but as a person it takes a lot to be in that position in the limelight and then not crumble under the pressure not crumble under what people think you should behave like. And I think he's always stayed true to that, you know, and that's pretty inspirational because no, you don't need to bend to what this media company's saying. You don't need to bend to what they're saying. Like I'll still make it and I'll still do it no matter what somebody's forcing me to &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; try and say and do. So listen, for me, like I always felt a little bit of pressure, but I I didn't really listen to it because I hadn't proved myself yet. I hadn't proved myself at world level yet. Even though I knew in my own head I was a world champion and waiting, you know, I just had to go and prove it and stay focused. I never listen to the say noise. I was always very tunnel visioned and just didn't pay attention to any. I just always kept focused on what I was doing. And I think that's probably one of the main reasons how I end up having the success I did. Even when I become world champion, I was back in the gym like three weeks later and saying, "Right, what's next? We're going to get the next one. We're going to reunify now and all that." It was always what's next? What's next? What's next? Always having that hunger to improve and keep progressing. So, the only bit of advice really I've got for you is don't listen to the side noise. Just stay true to yourself and stay true to people are in the game and listen to people. And if I'm here, I can never give you any bit advice. If you ever want a bit advice, I can get any bit advice wherever time you've got questions for how do you do this or how do you deal with that? I can only give you my advice and but yeah, just straight through yourself. But I know I know he will. I know he is and I know he is cuz I've spent a bit of time with him. As I say, I follow him on social media and he lives the life of the athlete. So there's absolutely no reason why he can't. &gt;&gt; Nathaniel, it's it's over to you now. It sounds like it's your time, my friend. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, you know what? I'm buzzing and you know at risky sounding like poor us or poor me is I need to do the best I can do for Scotland and for the boys because like he's saying there's always one guy coming through one guy coming through one guy coming through but this places get millions of talent millions of talent and again otherwise sound like the victims but sometimes we don't get the chance to showcase it and sometimes we don't get the chance to you know have their platforms and this is the time this is the time when when the ball starts rolling you can't let it stop again. It needs to keep rolling and keep rolling keep rolling and I'm going to do my job and hopefully all the boys up there are going to do their job and we can keep that ball and ball keep it growing and growing and I do think we are better than most. That's just my opinion. &gt;&gt; I think so too.