Kind: captions Language: en Deontay, welcome to London. Fight week is here, a few days out in your clash with Derek Chisora. How do you feel? I feel great, man. I feel amazing, actually. You know, this is the 50th fight for both of us in uh It's seeming amazing to to get to 50. I I never thought about it. I had to be reminded by my manager that uh my long-time trainer, one of the two, maybe both, that this was my 50th fight. You know, I really never keep up with my record or anything that I've done. I mean, I've only got into this sport to risk my life to save a life that was within my daughter. A girl that was born with spina bifida. So, you know, it's amazing just to hear that 50, you know, and here we are now to make that to make that a realistic thing, you know. 50 fights, it's amazing just to still be here, still be healthy, and be able to put on the show for the for the lovely fans here in London. You mentioned the cause of why you got into boxing. Is that still very much what grounds you? You've been at the top of the the mountain, so to speak, within boxing, but you got into it because of it. Is that still the cause that drives you? Um at this at this moment in time, I'm selfish, you know. I've been selfless ever since I was 12 years old. Ever since I was 12, I've been taking care of people. And uh as I got the success, I've taken care not only my people, but other people's as well and their family and their children. And so on and so forth, you know, and at this moment in time, you know, I feel like I've done a a great duty to a lot of people, and I've never been able to just do something for myself, you know, and this is for myself. This is me being selfish, you know, I I made a I set a goal in this in this business to to unify the division, and that's what I want to do, you know. And once I do that, then I'm making rest at peace, retire, and do all those other things that come behind retirement. Let's talk about the division in a moment, but before we do, Derek, he as you say, it's his 50th fight as well. He's been around the block, he knows what he's doing in the ring. What kind of challenges does he bring? How do you How do you deal with Derek Chisora? Um what So, what do he brings? What do What does he bring to the table? How do you deal Oh, man, he brings he bring toughness, you know. He bring the will to win. He bring a warrior mentality and a warrior spirit. And as a fighter, that's all you can ask of a of of one, you know, to bring all that you you have. And as you've seen many of fights, he bring everything, you know, the kitchen sink, the toaster, the oven, you know, if he can pick up the refrigerator, he'll bring that with him, as well. And that what makes great fights, you know. So, I'm looking forward to my version of me being healed back and being better. You know, I need someone like Derek to bring everything he he got, and I need it to be out of my comfort zone, you know, in a different location and place, and here I am, you know. So, God is good, you know, he's amazing, and and things don't happen, you know, for no reason. I think all things happen happen for a reason. And we'll see what the reason behind this one after the victory. Do we see Deontay Wilder in the ring if you if you get the victory on Saturday? Do we see him again? What's happening? You know, I'm here I here for the long run. You think it's like I said, my goal is to unify the division. And I won't stop until I do that. At least, that's what my body is telling me at this moment in time. You know, I am 40, but I feel 19, you know. I have added a lot of things to my diet. I never was a bad eater. I never intake a lot of bad things, but I have added to that to allow me to feel this way, you know. Certain people get to a certain age, and they feel they're getting older, which you are, you know, every year you get a certain age. You can't control it every year. But you can control how you feel inside. And as human beings, we get lazy because we want other people to fix us instead of we fixing ourselves. And for me, I like to fix myself. I like to put the things that that I know that will benefit me and uh have me feeling energized, have me feeling great every morning and every night, you know. So, uh I feel amazing. To unify the division, there's obviously other fights is in the mix there. One fight is coming up. It's Fabio Wardley Daniel Dubois. There's a heavyweight title on the line. Even with this fight going on with you and Derek, do you allow yourself to study the scene, and do you do you have an opinion on that fight, Wardley-Dubois? Not at all, you know. My main focus have been on Derek Chisora. That's it, you know. My window shopping has ended once camp started, you know. If you would have asked me this question beforehand in time, then I could give you give you something, but at this moment in time, it's all about Derek Chisora. That's it, you know. No other fighter uh is relevant to me. I don't see nothing else but him. Is Bomb Squad back on Saturday? Bomb Squad is definitely back. And in good And in good health, as well. You got the healing part of Bomb Squad back. At one point in time, I was down. I was out, you know. I convinced myself that I'd be okay, but now I understand that I ain't have enough time to be to heal the problems that I had, the things that I was going through. It wasn't enough time for me to heal, and I tried to rush it. Um being that I am a strong-minded person, and I've overcame so many things throughout my life, but this task was way difficult than I ever could have imagined. So, this is the healed version of me. That's all I'm I'm glad to be back. I couldn't let you go without asking one final question. You have been known ferocious knockout power over your career. There's a young up-and-coming heavyweight that is doing just the same over here in the UK at the moment, Moses Ituma. Have you seen anything of him? Did you see him in his last fight? Um I haven't I haven't seen I have seen a highlight of him um fighting Franklin. Jermaine Franklin, yeah. Yeah, yeah, and that was a what a hell of a knockout it was. I have been hearing about him, too, um but I haven't got a opportunity to see anything. So, I wish the young man nothing but the best, you know, and and much success.