Kind: captions Language: en On February 28th at the Veilent live in Derby, live around the world on Done. The British and Commonwealth welterweight titles will be on the line. Worcester warrior Owen Cooper takes on the Moldovven monster Constantine Ersu. Delighted to have both men with me today. And Constantine, I'm going to start with you here because after your win over Ethan James, you said, "I want British belt. I want my belt." This is now your chance. This is the man that you will be facing. Tell us how you're feeling about this fight on February 28th. &gt;&gt; I feel good. I feel motivated. I will feel strong. So, u I can't say too much. I just feel very good. &gt;&gt; What is it about the British title that has been so important for you? &gt;&gt; Because uh I I live seven years in England now. So, my English obviously is not my first language. So uh but this this uh England is like my house now. So uh I feel like home now. So I will be very good to take this uh British belt back to my town in Plymouth. &gt;&gt; Let me bring you in here Owen Cooper. Obviously I came to see you last week. I know this is a a super super important fight for you in your career. You came back over your after your loss to Echo Esman. You came back with a great win over Chris Congo as well. You're confident. You're feeling good heading into this one. Yeah, of course. Um, you know, it's I'm under no illusion. It's it's it's a massive fight and a very tough fight. Um, but one that I definitely believe that I can win. Um, Constantine's a great fighter. Um, but yeah, you know, I I I believe in myself massively and uh believe in what I can do. &gt;&gt; Constantine, I I understand that you've been referring to your opponent as Allen Cooper. Um, what what do you actually know about Owen Cooper here? &gt;&gt; Um, about Allan, I don't know too much. I just see his fight with Congo. Last fight, I think. Yeah, I think last fight. &gt;&gt; He's a basic fighter. Nothing do too much. Strong hands, little speed. So, nothing nothing excellent. It's just good boxer. Nothing special. &gt;&gt; Nothing special, Owen. &gt;&gt; Yes. So, um, you know, that's what that's what a lot of people say, but um, but I think I think they tend to find out on the night. Uh, I think I'm a bit more than uh than, you know, just a basic fighter, and I believe I am. Um, but look, entitled to his opinion. Um, and, uh, you know, if if if he if he believes that, then then so be it. Um, but yeah, I'm um, very confident going into this one. Constantine, I actually heard you say that everything that Owen Cooper does, you do it better. So that's jab, that's footwork, that's hand speed, that's power. You really believe everything that he does, you do better. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you answer to your words. Yeah, I think I I think I do. Yeah, I know I do. And uh everyone thinks same. So it's not like I'm being delusional. I just believe in myself too much. I just analyze what he do and I know what I do like to my point of view and many many people be think same. So I just been real and I say he can't do nothing to win this this fight. &gt;&gt; Well I mean you might as well not turn up then February 28th. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um N look um the exact same thing for me. Um I believe I believe you know as fighters we we believe in oursel massively. Um, and if you don't, I think you're in the wrong game. Um, and yeah, I believe that, you know, I do everything better as well. Everything that he can do. Look, he's a good fighter, great, very good fighter, but I just believe that I do everything better. I believe I've been there. Um, you know, I've suffered the losses. Um, I've been in the testing fights and um, I believe that, you know, even though he's had more fights than me, um, I believe my experience in those in those big fights, in those those those harder fights, um, will pay dividends. &gt;&gt; Has he got a point there, Constantine? Because he has been in with the likes of Echoment. I don't think you've boxed at that level. Yeah, probably I have more fights but probably I have less rounds. So it's just same same. I can't say too much. We we just see in the night time I don't know. I can't say too much before but I know I know I can see how I see everything. So hopefully be good fight. I come for good fight. I want to have good fight. So like he say I never been test. So let he test me. He can take. People say that you have been avoided, Constantine. Do you feel like you've been an avoided fighter? People don't want to fight the Muldoven monster. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. I uh I've been avoid too much. Even with sparrings, I've been avoid. And I I should take 18 oz gloves to spar with people because I keep broking them ribs and noses. So, it's quite hard now. But it's all right. It's good. It's good timing for this opponent because uh we have many many in England like good level. So yeah. So &gt;&gt; what what made you think Owen that yeah, you fancy a row with the the Moldovven monster, the guy that everyone's avoiding, the guy that's you know, he knocked out Ethan James quicker than you knocked out Ethan James. What What gives you confidence or what made you say yes, I'll take him on? &gt;&gt; You know, there's there's no one that I'm going to I'm going to turn down. Um I I believe in my ability. Um and um and yeah, that that was it really. and you know the having that that British title on the line as well. It um look I think anyone would be silly to turn down a fight when that's on the line no matter who it's against. Um but saying that this is a fight that I really fancy as well. Um and everything everything's going great at the minute. So um yeah, it's uh it'll make for a good fight. It'll make for a very good fight. &gt;&gt; Are you nervous about his power at all, Owen? I mean, the the way that Ethan James went in that fight, that was a the referee could have counted maybe even beyond 10. Um, and obviously in your win over him, it he got pulled out of the corner, he wanted to continue, but it's probably for the best, but it looks like Constantinu has a lot of power, stopped five of his last seven. Does that make you nervous? Are you wary of it? What do you think? &gt;&gt; Um, no nervous than what I would be for any other fight. um whether it was Conga, whether it was Essimon, whether it was Ethan, you know, I think you got to go into every fight with that little bit of nerves. But um but but my belief that I can win the fight um overweighs those nerves. And uh and yeah, but look, respect his power. Uh respect him as a fighter. He's a very good fighter, but we're all good fighters at this level now. Um there's no easy fights at British title level. We're all good fighters. We're all at some sort of level. Um, so look, like he believes in himself, I believe in myself as well. &gt;&gt; When I saw you last week, Owen, we talked about how Constantine is the Moldovven monster. And I asked you like, do you really think he is the monster? And you suggested we don't know. We maybe he's just an on top fighter. Maybe when it's all going his way, he is a monster, but when it's not going his way, there may be some questions there. Tell me more about that kind of line of thinking. Of course, we don't know yet. Um, when it gets tough, who knows? Um, but look, that's what I'm there to do. Um, and I'm there to to to to show it that um, look, maybe when the when the tough gets uh going, you know, what what happens then, but um, up until then, he's he's he's answered all the questions. But, um, yeah, where's we'll see on on the 28th of Feb. Anything to say there Constantine? When the when the going gets tough, does Constantine Ursu get going or do you become the Moldovven monster? I don't know. I don't give this name to myself is people they see me inspiring sense fights. I I don't think I'm a monster. I just normal normal boxer. You know what I mean? But if people say they say for reason, you know, I don't take it from the tan is what they think after a couple rounds with me, you know. But there's a suggestion here from Owen that perhaps you've had it all your own way so far. That's why you're doing so well because there's been no one trying to fight back. No adversity so far. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm just lucky. Yeah, I think I'm lucky. Yeah, &gt;&gt; just everything coming my way. Yeah. [laughter] How &gt;&gt; How much of a factor is your power in this fight, Constantine? You've knocked out five of your last seven. Very impressive. me. Uh, listen, I uh I fight journeyman, so I I do I'm not a bully, so I don't bully these people too much. And I box like for for my record. But one hour ago, I just finished my sparring. We do like 10 round sparring with three different people and and I drop all of them with 18 oz gloves. So probably I have little power. I don't know. &gt;&gt; That sounds like more than a little bit of power, Owen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, look, it's um it sounds great, but it's uh it's all about doing it on the night. Um, look, we can we can all, you know, mess with guys and uh and and knock them over in in the gym and stuff like that, but um look, it's what happens on the night and um I'm supremely confident in in my ability and what I can do. Um, and yeah, that's that's that's that's all it that's all it comes down to really. I know what I can do. &gt;&gt; Well, what what is it, Owen? Because look, he's unbeaten so far in his career, right? And he's he's looked good. He's making noise on the small halls. This is his big chance. But what is it that you can do that no one else has done so far? Why is it that you can beat Constantine Ersu? End the unbeaten reign of the Muldoven monster and become British champion. Tell us why. Look, I just believe that I've I've been at the higher level out of the two of us. You know, I'm not saying I've I've went and, you know, I'm a big world beater and this and that, but I believe I have performed at the higher level. Um, and I I believe that I've been tested. I just I'm just supremely confident in my saddle rounds that we do. And uh exactly the same as him. I I imagine that he's supremely confident in what he can do. Look, we both we both boxers. we both grafted. Um but yeah, it all comes down to one night and uh but I just I just believe that what I can do um will be enough. Constantine, I've just watched an interview with you on TV and you talked about no mercy. What does no mercy mean on February 28th? just going and put everything what we can do like power go like everything like not not just boxing but with aggressivity and power and everything together to to to show the world I'm British champion for reason &gt;&gt; I've heard you say that this could be a good fight for a couple of rounds uh is your intention to to get Owen Cooper out of there quite early in the fight. Do you think you can knock him out early? It's uh not my intention but it's um yeah probably yeah I I can try even first round and not be surprised even 12th round I not be surprised is how he say about himself he's a good fighter so uh anything can happen in a fight but first round or 12th round will be the same. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's interesting. I mean, Echo Esimman, you know, former British champion, very wellrespected world level fighter. He he wasn't able &gt;&gt; I just say when I'm 25 years old, I'm younger, you know, man. &gt;&gt; And that will be a difference. You're a young Muldoven monster. &gt;&gt; You're right. [gasps] &gt;&gt; Okay, Owen, what does this whole opportunity mean to you then? This will be a big moment for you if you pick up the Lord Lndale belt Feb 28th. &gt;&gt; Yes. Um, you know, it's it's what you get into boxing for. Um, is is young lads. This is this is what we dream of. Um, the British title, it's it pushes you on to massive things. Um, but look, this this is my every this is my absolute everything and I will leave it. Um, I'm leaving no stone unturned and I'll leave it all in the ring on uh on Feb 28th. &gt;&gt; You must have been quite impressed with Constantine Ursul though, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Um, it's hard not to be. Um, you know, he's he's done everything that's asked of him. Um, and and you can't take that away. But, um, but look, as fighters, we're just well, I think I think I speak for a lot of fighters. We're we're just super supremely confident in what we can do. Um, and look, I know that I'm supremely confident in in what I can do. Um, all the work that's that's being put in and uh it all leads uh all leads for this moment. &gt;&gt; Constantine, why have you been calling Owen Cooper Alan Cooper? &gt;&gt; Because I don't know his name and people say Allan Allen and I heard Allan. How I say my English is no first language here. So I say how I heard because I never watch him and after it's how I heard. &gt;&gt; You haven't taken any offense to that have you Owen? &gt;&gt; No. No, that's fine. Look, um there's no there's a there's no offense taken on my side. Um happens. &gt;&gt; Constantine, do you like wor sauce? &gt;&gt; Oh, worcester sauce. can explain. &gt;&gt; Maybe you can explain, Owen. &gt;&gt; It's uh it's a love it's a lovely um what could you call it? Marinade sauce that goes on your chips. &gt;&gt; Owen Cooper is from Worcester. So he puts Worcester sauce on his chips and he says that he brings wor sauce to the ring with him when he meets his opponents. But I was just curious as to whether or not you had ever had it. is allow what should you bring to the ring this? Yeah, &gt;&gt; he is. He &gt;&gt; is is [laughter] &gt;&gt; okay. Constantine, what's your prediction then for fight night? &gt;&gt; Prediction? I don't have any prediction. I can't see future, but I will put everything to to stop the kid, you know. So, this is will be my prediction. &gt;&gt; Owen, final word to yourself. Um, the prediction is that he will stop the kid. the kid being you. Uh your thoughts? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um look, if he uh if he didn't say that, he'd be silly. Um exactly the same for me. Um look, I'm going in there with um with bad intentions and uh it's going to be a great fight either way, but um I can't see anything other than uh than Owen Cooper victory. &gt;&gt; Constantine, is there anything you'd like to say to your opponent? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Owen, is there anything you'd like to say to your opponent? &gt;&gt; Um, I just hope training is going well and uh and I'll see you on the 28th of February. &gt;&gt; Constantine, is there anything you'd like to say to me? &gt;&gt; Thank you very much for interview. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much, too, gentlemen. I can't wait for this one. February 28th, live around the world on his own. British and Commonwealth welterweight titles on the line.