Kind: captions Language: en For 2026 means the return of the diva. Gary Cully is back and it's great to see you. Yes, mate. Good to see you. Where did you go? I was forced out injured for the year to be fair. I had a fight in obviously Monaco back in 2024 December 24 and picked up an injury in that fight and needed surgery on it. So, it took me kind of 5-6 months to first decide and do a bit of research and see where I was going to go to get the surgery and then get booked in for the surgery. All these things kind of just took a bit longer than expected. Um Got the surgery then in October in 2025. I obviously had the recovery period then 8 weeks. So, I kind of I kind of realized when it come to booking the surgery and seeing what the recovery time was and stuff that I wasn't going to fight in in 2025. So, just accepted that I was going to have a year out the ring. Um Sonny obviously my my son came along in in June. Um so, if I was to pick a time to be injured in my career, everybody goes through injuries and periods of inactivity and if I was to pick a time to be injured and inactive, last year was the perfect year. I obviously got to spend the first couple of months with him and helping out at home and and just being involved in in family life and stuff like that. So, it's been a blessing in disguise I think. I've got new motivation. Um like we said in the press conference there, fresh weight, fresh start, fresh goals and just ready to to go Gary Cully 2.0 and give this a real shot again. Did you need a break? I think so. Like I think so, yeah. I've been I've been active since like I joined boxing at 7 years old, started competing at 9 years old and every year since I've been in Leinster championships, Irish championships. I've been very very active and very very set on what I wanted to do throughout school, through everything. I've always been a hard worker in the gym and uh probably too hard at times to be fair and I think that's one thing that having a baby has brought me. It's it's slowed me down a little bit in that regard that I can't rush out and do three and four and five sessions and not five sessions in a day with two and three sessions in a day. I do my do what I need to do. I make sure the sessions that I do are good and I get home and I rest and I'm I'm really starting to kind of realize I'm turning 30 at the end of the month and I feel like the experience that I've gained over the years is really going to to uh show me and bring me to the next level um going into this year I'm beyond. Are you still that guy? Cuz I I remember this guy, right? I remember this guy who was knocking everyone out on a real streak and you bumped into Jose Felix and he beat you, but then he later popped. Now, that comes with its own kind of kind of problems as well, but do you still have Did that knock your confidence? Yeah, 100%. 100%. I was on such a kind of I was living on a on cloud nine at that moment and it was like billed as that first three arena gig, Ireland's next superstar and Katie Taylor's homecoming and we hadn't seen big time boxing back in Ireland for like 9-10 years since the Bernard Dunne days and it was Katie and then it was Gary Cully this next superstar and blah blah blah and got caught up in it a little bit to be fair. Um I was performing in the gym and I was performing against high level guys and I was performing against a high level and I know what level I can operate at, but I also probably did get get caught up in it a little bit. Um faced Jose Felix who came in and fought me at lightweight on 2 weeks notice and he be been a career 140 and um I've said in the past I've been sparring because of my size, I've been sparring people heavier than me um and high level for years and I've been getting hit and I've always rated my chin and I can always take a shot, but I got hit that night and it was like something that I'd never been hit by before and um obviously couldn't recover from on the night and then it it it just derailed me for a while. It took my confidence away. Um Been probably struggling with I was probably struggling with that more so over the the last 2 years since the fight probably the year after the fight to kind of get back on that horse and and realize that I was that guy again and uh to to get back enjoying my boxing and realizing what I what I started this for and uh because I've been a confident guy and a slick brash kind of um slick operator, uh good talker and I kind of fell off that for a while and it feels good to be back on it and feels good to feel like that guy again and realize that I am that guy again. So, like I said, 2026 fresh start, but more of the same from what I what I've been doing in previous years. This guy was knocking out Joe Cordina by Mel um Wilfredo Flores knocking out Joe Fitzpatrick for years total going back to 2020. All them fights, that's the real Gary Cully and I'm just looking forward to to getting back to that and showing people I know that I'm that guy and I know it's to show people that I'm that guy again. And you you're a lot you're a mojo fighter, right? You need to be in the right headspace. If if like if you're having a bad day, you'll have a bad fight. Is it is that the kind of thing with you? I'm a deep individual and I'm a deep thinker and sometimes to my detriment and I've always said throughout the years in boxing, even since I've been I never really understood it at the time, but 8-9 years old how I kind of perform is based on how I feel that day and I never really understood it until I got a little bit older and um yeah, like what you said is correct definitely and I need to I need to feel good. I need to be enjoying what I'm doing and I feel like these last since that Felix defeat obviously kind of knocked the confidence a little bit and then kind of trying to get down to lightweight and boiling myself down for the last couple years was getting a little bit harder and harder every fight and just lost love and lost the enjoyment for boxing and and uh kind of was just doing it because it was a job then at that point and um there was no real passion in it anymore for me and I think the the 12 months off took time to reflect and it was probably the best thing that's ever happened to me that I've really reset myself, re-evaluated and realized why I started this and why I'm doing this and like I said, set myself some some new goals and got some new motivation with Sonny being born and um I feel like I'm starting all over again and it's it's really really nice. And that that fire in the belly as I said at the press conference, your your ice in the veins, fire in the belly and just from speaking to you I I can sense it. There is This is version 2.0, right? You're you're hungrier than ever. Yeah, 100%. 100%. I know what level I can operate at and there's been times, don't get me wrong, throughout the last 12-13 months where I have thought that time when Felix popped for steroids um and I'd have to have been beaten by him a couple of couple of months before or whatever it was, couple of years before and things this boxing crack is it's dirty game and is it for me and blah blah blah and just kind of hating boxing for a while and this and that and I thought about walking away, but if I ever walked away, I would understand I would know that I'd never reach my full potential and I'd never give it my 100% and like I said to you, having Sonny is a new motivation, but also I want to My number one lesson to him will be to pick his dream, pick whatever it is. If he wants to be a Hollywood actor, if he wants to be a professional football player, pick what he loves to do and give it your 100%. Give it your all and more power and you can do whatever you want to do and if I was telling him to do that and I wasn't doing it myself, I would be a hypocrite. So, I felt like I had to lead by example becoming a father and that's why I'm why I'm back here to to show him that he can do what he wants because I'm going to do what I set my heart out on back over 20 years ago. So, what is your full potential? World champion for sure. World champion for sure. I think if I didn't win a world title, I wouldn't reach my potential. I've won European titles throughout the amateurs. I've won six national titles. I've been operating at such a high level for the last couple of years. Um So, I think my sights at the moment are set on that EBU title. I've always kind of wanted to win that one. I fought Francesco Patera back in Leeds. He'd been a two-time European champion and we thought we were going to get it over the line to be made for the EBU lightweight title and that just slipped away. So, I've always had my sights set on that title. I want to win that, but full potential world world title before I retire 100%. What about this show then? It's going to be a special weekend. It's going to be a party atmosphere. It's only right that you're a part of it, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. 100%. Um if any promoter uh comes back to to Dublin and does the capital, I'm from 20 minutes from here and I can bring busloads here as well. So, um if anybody comes here, it's only right that Gary Cully's involved in it. Um and to come back in the three arena is one thing and to come back in Dublin and all these talks for the last couple of years has been about fighting in Dublin and it's been such a special event, but like Dublin on Paddy's weekend, there's there's nothing that comes close to that for any anybody. Um so, it's magic and the first two were special, but this just has that little added extra something to it because it's Dublin, but it's Paddy's weekend as well and it's going to be magical. Like I said, it's my fresh start. Um it's going to be a good weekend for me and a good weekend for Ireland and I can't wait. And I touched on it at the presser, but this Pierce O'Leary against Mark Chamberlain, that is your new weight division should everything settle well in your comeback fight. So, that feels like a potential future foe. The win the winner of that, right? I mean, you've got a great name. If you keep building up, surely it's a fight to make. Yeah, well deciding that I'm going to campaign at 140 to super lightweight and then obviously the headline of this fight is at super lightweight for an IBO world title. I'd be stupid to not look at that fight. Um Great respect for both lads. I I really rate the both of them. Um think they're both great fighters. Um but Pierce being from Ireland, I'm obviously rooting for him on the night, but also Pierce being from Ireland, it makes sense to sell out that three arena. I think like we said about tickets going so well and this event is going to sell out in probably the next 48 hours. If you were to announce myself and Pierce fighting there for a world title, I think it would take 20 seconds and it'd be sold out like you know. So, um definitely something I'm just always set myself the biggest challenges and I always set my goals high and set my sights high. So, I'd be mad not to kind of look at the main event and go, yeah, I want a piece of that." So, that's where I'm aiming for, 100%. Good to be back? Good Great to be back. Great to be back. Um, it's been too long. And like I said, that 12-month period was hard. It was challenging. Um, but it was definitely needed. Because I come a point in boxing where I stopped enjoying it and I lost the love for it. So, I'm back now with a new new energy, new motivations, new goals. And I'm just excited to get back in there and get the ball rolling again. Great [snorts] to have you. Appreciate it, mate. &gt;&gt; Best of luck. Thank you.