Kind: captions Language: en Brad Pitt's congratulations. How do you feel? Feel like just keep ruining people's plans. It's my favorite thing to do. Best things to ever. You all had a an agenda and they thought it was going to go some way which you know, the odds and stuff predicted it but it's love ripping up the scripts. Prefer being the underdog and I showed why. Talk us through that fight, the lead up to the knockout and then the stoppage. Just just talk us through it all. I don't want to talk about the lead up, is it? We should. We should. We have to cover No, it was it was a good fight. Obviously Skill's got long arms, levers. I knew it was going to take me a good few rounds to close that gap on him. Better engine than I thought. Hit hard and it was just a matter of closing the gap on him. I had to sort of weather the storm at a few points but I knew at some point I'd get to him. I knew I'd hit hard just like he does. Um and yeah, when it comes to the trenches, I'm a familiar person in the trenches. I've been there a few times and that's sort of where I thrive so yeah, it's good. At any point did you feel like the fight was getting away from you cuz he looked good. He looked like he was pushing you back. Did you think at any point it's getting away here and and you have to open it? Yeah, a little bit. My my corner was telling me so. I had to definitely win the last few rounds and a knockout would be ideal. But with with a few of the early to middle rounds, it's hard depends how you score it. It's a lot of bounce off my gloves and too clean. So depends. But I knew it was very very close and I've been in these situations before if you leave it to the judges, things can not go so well. So best to keep it out of the ref's hands. It's some journey you're on. You said several times before this fight, I win this, it changes my life. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So so how has it changed? I need to see how much money's on the next fight. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And it's cuz I like to retire my parents and that's possible I reckon with the next one so we'll see. Yeah. So that begs the question then, what is the next one? What what have you got your eyes on? Let's leave figures on the table for now. Names first. What what what are we looking at? Obviously it's up to my management and obviously this belt brings certain rankings. I'm third I think now. I think that the world title is going to be vacant so uh for the vacant two versus number three for the world title. There's some big shows coming up on the south coast. Obviously I'm a country bumpkin myself so it makes sense to fight down that way. So yeah, makes sense a world title shot would be crazy. Yeah. How are you How are you How are you celebrating? I'm just going to go see my family. I'm going to go eat two pasties in a row. It's my favorite thing to do so. Celebrate with the team and just good times man. More to come. Wild man. Brad Pitt's congratulations. &gt;&gt; Thanks very much. Nice one, mate. Thank you. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Come on.