Kind: captions Language: en Fabio, don't blink. The campaign is up and running. We're going to start with the obvious. Why are you starting the reign as the heavyweight champion of the world with such a dangerous fight? &gt;&gt; Start as you means to go on. I think um I think it's a it's a great way to one stamp my authority on the on the division in terms of putting myself in with a with a top competitor, but also like I say, start as a means to go on in terms of holding on to a world title and showing people of how I how I'm looking to move through as a world champion is that I'm not looking to hold on to it for dear life and hide in a corner with it and and not let anyone touch it. and it's in this mine and you can't get near it. I want to put myself in good competitive entertaining fights for the fans and show people that look I'm a I will be a true world champion one that's in competitive fights with good with good fighters. &gt;&gt; Can you just tell us a little bit how did this fight come about and when it was put to you? How quick were you to say yes, I'll take that one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, it took no time at all and look that's credit to Daniel and his team as well. Um he was he was on a short he was on a short list of names. Um and we picked him out because I thought look he's the best one on the list. He's the best fighter on there. He's he's got the best record. He's he's the best competitor out there for me. Good fighter all British showdown for a world title. Like there's not much better than that really. So and again the the style clash looking at it from a from an entertainment perspective for the fans and stuff. I knew that was one that everyone would be interested in, would get behind, would be excited when you see our two names on a poster and know we're going at it. &gt;&gt; What gives you confidence going into this fight? &gt;&gt; Uh the look, the things I've done already obviously give me immense confidence in terms of how I've defied the odds time and time again, proven myself time and time again. And look, just my mental strength, resilience, obviously the power I have in my hands as well was always a nice thing to have in the back pocket. but also just the growth I've had as a fighter over the last kind of two, three, four fights you want to look at and how I've developed, how I've got better and in terms of fight management, ring management or or situational awareness in there and and just kind of building and turning into a a fullyfledged fighter. &gt;&gt; It's a good term, [cough and clears throat] excuse me, it's a good term defying the odds. Do you think you're defying the odds going into this fight because you're the bookkeep? Uh yeah, look, I don't know about going into this fight. I know I have been a long stage of my career. Um I think maybe the last fight was a bit of a turning point um in terms of general perspective or or odds and kind of how people want to look at it or or look at me. Um so I don't know if this fight in of itself is defining the odds. Maybe people have been swayed a bit now and they're more on my side or not. Who knows? Um, I can imagine it's probably relatively split down the middle, &gt;&gt; but um, one way or the other it odds or not, favorite or not, it doesn't matter to me. &gt;&gt; Did it surprise you that you were the favorite going into this fight? &gt;&gt; Uh, a little bit. Yeah, a little bit. I cuz look, you look at our our history, pedigree, background. Obviously, first you you want to go all the way back to the beginning where Daniel started and where he came from in terms of GP and amateur and all of the rest through that, but then the resume of fighters he's been in with as well and your AJ's Miller, Herovic, Usyk twice, whichever else like that's a fantastic resume. Um, and then versus mine who, don't get me wrong, the last three, four fights have been some great fighters as well, but there's um there's a bit of a difference between like Usyk and and some of the guys I fought. So yeah, look, I was I was slightly surprised. &gt;&gt; What did you think of his wins, specifically Herovic, Miller, and and Joshua? What did you think of those? A, in the time when you were watching them, but B, when you watch them back and you think, now I'm in with that guy. &gt;&gt; Uh, the AJ one was surprising. Um, I didn't necessarily have him picked for that one. I did I thought he I thought AJ would come through on that one. So, look, I was I was surprised and impressed at the same time. the other two, Herovic and Miller, he he did his job. He did his job pretty well. Um I wasn't like over enamored by the performances or anything like that at all, but look, he like all you got to do is get through and get the win. &gt;&gt; Specifically that Herovic fight, I think he showed that he well and Miller he had to dig really deep. Do you think that's the kind of fight you're going to give him where he's going to have to he's going to have to go to the well and find something? &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe. Um yeah, look, he he he has proven in other fights that he can get stuck in. Um I think there's a lot kind of put on him about him being a him maybe capitulating or being a quitter or giving up and and look in some instances he's proven that he can bite down and get stuck in. I think it kind of depends of almost how he feels on the how he feels the flow of the fight is going. So yeah, look, it might be a scenario that I find myself in where we're a bit in later rounds and we'll kind of have to dog it out at all. But look, with me, you know what you're getting. You know, I'm not shy from that at all. &gt;&gt; Ask a question. Are you Are you training to box Daniel Dwire or are you training to knock him out? &gt;&gt; I'm training to do it all. I'm training to do it all. Look, we're covering all bases. I'm not I'm not going in there with any one set plan. I never have done in any of my fights. Look, don't get me wrong, I can bang. I've I've got a bit I've got a bit of whack. I can hit people when it hurts. And look, I can get them out of there. Great. But that's it's in the back pocket as opposed to it being at the forefront and me just running in there looping some overhand rights and hoping one of them lands. If you if you want to become Britain's greatest current heavyweight and and by proxy doing that, you become maybe the greatest British heavyweight of all time, what have you got to do? You've got to beat Daniel, but in your mind, what have you got to do to achieve that status? &gt;&gt; Just like I like I said right at the beginning, continue like this. Continue on this path of picking out h like picking and I mean hand picking like again we go back to it, but this is a voluntary like I didn't have to pick him. I I chose him because of that exact reason. I want to be remembered for being a great fighter, but also a great world champion. Someone who wasn't shy. Didn't didn't cherrypick fights. Didn't pick the easy ones just to hold on to and then have some sort of title of reign or have I held on to my belt for eight years. And I thought like nobody's in that time or whatever else and dodged all the good fights. Like that's not how I want to be remembered. So, how I want to be remembered is a is a great fighter who always took on the best, took on big challenges and and threw himself in at the deep end. &gt;&gt; What do you expect him to be like when you see him today? Do you expect handshake and a warm welcome or is it going to be frosty or &gt;&gt; I don't know. Like me and Daniel have never had any sort of beef if you want to say it or back and forth or any sort of negative talk about each other at all in the past. Um, so I don't know. Um, I don't know how he might he but he might be the type of character sometimes I've seen it in the past where he needs to create a bit of aggravation to get himself ged up for it or or create like a thought in his head or a scenario something imaginary to to think like he hates me and I'm his enemy and all of this and maybe we'll see like I'll I'll be I'll be ready for each outcome. &gt;&gt; You expected him to get up in your face if there's a face off later on? Uh, I don't think he will. No, I don't think he will. Like, I hope not because it's all extra for no reason. Like, there's there's no need for all the back and forth. But look, don't get me wrong. Like, if he wants to, then fine. If you want to if you want to do that, I can meet you right in the same place. There's no bother to me. &gt;&gt; It's good television. It's good television. If it does, let me ask you, what do you think of the name Don't Blink. Fits the show. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it does actually fit perfectly. I was actually really quite happy with it when um when it when it was come up with because I think it did I think it does quite summarize the fight in of itself that any moment that it could just go one way or the other or whichever else cuz we know look the obvious factors there we know we both hit hard. We know we're both big punchers. So look, and I've proven in fights as well was that you could say in my fights, don't blink because at one minute it looks like it's going the wrong way and then all of a sudden I'm stood there with my hand raised. So yeah, I think uh I think don't blink is a is a perfect fit. &gt;&gt; What do we hear at the end of the fight and you or still? &gt;&gt; And still and still. And I'll actually get the chance to to hear it in the ring with the belt in hand raised. &gt;&gt; Fabio, thank you very much. Cheers, mate. Thank you.