Kind: captions Language: en Frank, you've been in boxing a long, long time. Where does that rank up there? That's one of the most, if not the most dramatic moment, wasn't it? I mean, he was behind, well behind, won a couple of rounds, certainly won the first round, and he was, you know, and and Justice was boxing extremely well. I take my hat off to him in the other guy's backyard in the lion's den. But, as he said at the press conference, it only takes one moment. And that's a fact of life of me. takes one moment. I mean, look at his his record. It's another one bang that he's knocked over. It's incredible. He does always seem to find something from somewhere when he needs it most. But but tonight, did did you was Was there any moments where you doub I was I mean, as the fight was going on, you know, he was I felt not it was they were both tired, but he was you know, obviously he's getting tired and and there was moments in there you think to yourself, you know, it's not going to be his night, but it was his bloody night. You know, another thing which he said, Frank, is in the leadup to this, he said, "My team don't like it." And that would be yourself as well. Goes, "But I like going to those deep and dark places, those kind of tough, horrible fights." We just seen another 11 rounds of it. He can't keep doing that, can he? No. Well, definitely not. And I can't take it. I mean, I'm an old geyzer. I don't be watching that again. And he bloody knocked me over. Uh, it was just unbelievable. I was not expecting that. I mean, I ran to the corner a couple rounds. I said, "You've got to knock him out to win this fight. You got to get on him and knock out. Let that right hand go. I kept saying let your get try and get your composure and let your right hand go. Bloody hell. He done it. He done it in style. He's a powerful man. He's very powerful. Well, word on Justice Honey. Good fighter. Really really good fighter. You say come come to his backyard. 20 odd thousand people here. They were here. They they got behind their man. I mean you I take my hat off to him. He's a a competitor worry. His team they've done extremely well. Um, but he was in with he was in with a with a guy who's got the equalizer and the winner. And lastly, what's the best course of action with Fabiano, do you think? I know he needs to let the dust settle. Exactly. He's he's the WBA interim champion. He's the mandatory. Um, is him and his wife are having a baby in the next week or so, so his hands are literally going to be full. And uh, you know, let the dust settle. let the show take place in Wembley on the 19th of July. That's going to be a a moment in heavyweight history. Four belts on the line and after that it will then we can then start making some plans who's ever holding that those belts and the mandatory will start taking place. Frank Warren, thank you very much. What a night. Thank you. It was an unbelievable unbelievable dramatic moment in sport. We'll never forget it. Panty. Okay.