Kind: captions Language: en So Daniel, you are fighting for the undisputed heavyweight championship of the world. Yeah. This must be what you've dreamed of when you were were a child. Has all the kind of hard work you put been putting in. Has it all kind of dreamed of winning it? So that's when the dream comes true. When we win it, we have all the four belts and um we correct history will be amazing. This is the second time you've you you'll have fought Alexander Usyk. Um, is he the hardest opponent you've ever fought so far in your career? I think he's the best boxer. I think his record shows that he's top top level guy, isn't he? Top level operator. You, you know, can't take nothing away from him. But yeah, at this level, they're all good. So, I just need to be on my aame and focus, get right, and I'll just I'll go through him. I'll do the business. And you know, obviously you fought for your your heavyweight title, but this for undisputed against Alexander, who is kind of known as the best heavyweight in the world. Will there be an extra bit of a bit of pressure? Yeah, there's always fire in me. I'm always fired up for every fight I fight. So, if it was no matter who I face with the odds on the line, I'm I'm going to be extra fired up to win this one and come away with a victory and, you know, just just upset the plans again like we did with AJ fight. Just what shocked the world. And I know you've you seen this clip countless times. You'll probably see it countless times today. But I just want you to watch this back and if you just take that and tell press play if you just press that space bar there. [Applause] So you see that reaction when he when he goes down, you know, do you think he was he was faking it? That's what um I think uh Frank and Don Charles implied after the fight. Do you think he he actually was faking that? He wasn't faking it. He was in pain. So he couldn't really fake it. He was in pain and if you ever t taken one of them shots before, you'd understand. But he was in pain and he couldn't get up. Um I need to win now. I need to win. This is his this the difference between that fight and this that's I need to win. Do you think you're a much more confident man going into this second fight? I think so. I think I've shown that in my last three fights that I'm totally different. I'm more confident, trust, believe myself more and whatever. But yeah, ready ready for it. Not a beautiful day, ain't it? There we go. There we go. You've obviously been a kind of different different fighter almost since that loss. Was the loss a kind of blessing in disguise for you? Well, it's um just had to go through uh a few things, you know. uh just have to go through a few things and um um become a new fighter, improve fighter and learn from the pain, learn from the frustration of losing and now I need to win. That's oh I need to turn it around and um make sure that when history is written about it I I was the winner. I'm a Hall of Famer. Yeah. This will kind of be the biggest um fight of your career. Do you think the losses you took earlier in your career kind of came at the right time to set you up for this fight? Yeah, I think so. I think, you know, I like Joe Joe Joyce. Um, even the one, you know, they helped me get to where I am today. So, um, and and obviously the the one figure that's always been in my life, my dad, just helped me get get to this point. So, yeah, it's all happens for a reason, I guess. I think it was just down there you were making this walk. Oh yeah. Talk me through how you're feeling in this in this moment. Doesn't feel like the same place, does it? When it's so bright. But when it and that night, the whole vibe, the atmosphere was electricity, wasn't it? But even though there was 96,000 in the stadium, it kind of seemed like you couldn't even you didn't even notice. No, it's just just get ready for the moment. is beautiful, you know, had a family, had the the people that I needed around me and we created a good vibe from the house to the arena, you know, they call this the coliseum and um yeah, we we done the business, man. D history there. Do you think you know that experience of walking out in front of all those fans is going to is going to help you um when you when you fight Use? Yeah. Yeah. As long as you got God on your side, I will help you. But the people watching and witnessing everything happen on a night will be really um will go down in history and yeah, that's what I'm about. So, you didn't feel nervous? Didn't feel nervous at all? Not at all. Not at all. The usual fight ner has got nothing extra that could stop. And Daniel, just a kind of a prediction for this fight. Obviously, I know you're you're very confident going into this into this second bout. How do you see the the fight going? A win. A win. Just a win. And you're you're not looking for a a knockout, a knockout, points, whatever happens. A win. That's that's my golden ticket. That's my That's my prediction. A win. That's all. Talk to me about that face off down there. It kind of reminded me of that face off you had with AJ when you kind of said, "Listen, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna take a step back, you know. I'm gonna I'm gonna stand up to you a bit." You know what? How How come you decided to push him? It was playful. That was that weren't really nothing in it. Um uh it's one of them things. I think one of them things happens happens in boxing. Big fights like this, everything on the line. But, you know, I'm just I'm looking forward to it.