Kind: captions Language: en Right, I am with Tony Curtis Jr. We're just talking there about the flip there and to confirm, I have actually seen you do that flip in real life. So, just to confirm. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, I've been doing it all week in the gym. Like, I can't wait, too. Like, I've been doing it doing it doing cuz I knew I was going to do it this time cuz last time I was going to do it. I'm not going to lie. I know it's went a little bit funny. Yeah. So, I thought it's my first big day with Frank and Queen Spear. Obviously, I just I'll leave it where I sat and do the back flip instead. This time I thought I'm going for it. Yeah. As I did, I went up the top rope, my hand slipped. And I thought, "Oh god, no." Yeah. But look, I still landed on my feet. Who else done it since me and Nash? Don't get me wrong, I'll do it better next time, and I will be doing it next time, too. &gt;&gt; Well, are you as impressed with his uh flips as you are with his boxing or No, &gt;&gt; no, not quite. But uh I'm more impressed with the boxing flip. Now, the back flip was good. The front flip, I'm not impressed yet. I got to see it a few more times. &gt;&gt; And for your man here, you know, that's two fights he's had over here now. Um two tough opponents. And it kind of looks like he's becoming battleh hardened now. How how impressed have you been so far? &gt;&gt; He's been very impressive. And what people fa what people fail to realize is this was probably opponent number eight just getting finalized this last Monday. So we didn't know who we was fighting until maybe Monday or Tuesday. You know what I'm saying? We had at least eight opponents and &gt;&gt; starting up. &gt;&gt; You feel me? Yeah. Going up and so we didn't know what we was going to fight &gt;&gt; or who we were going to fight. You know what I mean? So, for him to take it, take whoever they bring us and still make the most of it and win every round, I'm cool with that. I got to be cool with that. &gt;&gt; And I want to thank Sam, James, Lee, and Frank for getting me an opponent um that late. I appreciate a lot. Thanks for keeping me on. &gt;&gt; Like I said, Tony, so it's 13 13 wins now. Um how are you how are you feeling after these two fights you've had with Queens? How do you feel that fight went? I feel a lot better now cuz now like well they're going to give me a hate for the flip but they can't give me as much hate for fighting now because before they're always going to try and say something and they I suppose &gt;&gt; all press is good press bro all press is good press. &gt;&gt; Oh no I just said to my dad cuz my dad got a bit upset cuz he thought everyone was laughing. I said look some people don't like me some people do but let's give them something to hate even more. Like I don't care. I'm the fighter. It gives me more publicity. So oh well anyway. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. And the thing about it is we can't fight for the fans. He got to fight for him first because until he become world champion, he's not satisfied. After he become world champion, now he try to get the fans even more what they want. Right now he's on a mission. He got to satisfy what he want, what his intent, what his purpose for God putting him here first and that is becoming world champion. After that, now he can satisfy the fans a little bit more. &gt;&gt; I know you've got like you say you you think he be can become world champion. You've got massive hopes for Tony. How good can he become? Do you think we're see we can see much more levels to to Tony even even though he's putting in very good performances so far anyways &gt;&gt; there are a lot of more levels to him that he hasn't even exposed yet it's just a matter of time getting the opportunity getting comfortable and getting in a 10 round fight where he can string an opponent out getting an opponent where he want him at then do what he do does to him it's a matter of time when he gets the time you get to see more of him now &gt;&gt; dude want to say one thing RP to Ricky Allan to you &gt;&gt; same Yeah.