Kind: captions Language: en St. Patrick's Day weekend, March 14th at the Three Arena here in Dublin. A show you simply can't have without this guy. King Kong Jonno Carroll. How are you? &gt;&gt; Amazing to be back, pal. I'm very, very happy to be here. And like you just said, it was like pad day weekend. I remember fighting on Box Nation. No, it wasn't Box Nation. It was Sky Sports in 2014. &gt;&gt; So, I haven't fought me hometown since 2014. Um, and I fought on the first Box Nation card. I won me first belt. So, it's just good to be back seeing all the friendly faces and all. It's amazing, bro, cuz I've been a a road warrior for many years. &gt;&gt; I know. I was looking at your box. You've had a mad career. Just just to to go up, you turn pro in Australia. &gt;&gt; You've boxed in Spain, Dubai, US, Russia. The Fury Klitschko undercard. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Germany. That was amazing. &gt;&gt; Mad career you've had, Jonno. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Mexico. how we fought like Russia, you know what I mean? Like the places that I've I've seen through boxing. It just all I can say is it's been an experience. You know, I've literally been a road warrior. But now finally I'm back here, my hometown fighting for the world title. Like I fought here and we tooured professional fight. &gt;&gt; So to now come back fighting for the world title, this is literally what dreams are made of, bro. It's a beautiful, beautiful feel. &gt;&gt; I saw you put something on your social media about 2026, the year I become world champion. In 2027, I retire. That's a that's a big kind of speak it into existence kind of statement from you, John. You really mean that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because you know what? I make money other ways. I I have me own property business and stuff over in Dubai. Um I make money doing a lot of other things. So I don't technically need books anymore, but I remember about 3 4 months ago, I stopped for about 3 weeks and said, "I'm going cuz I sell a lot of off plans in in Dubai." And I was really focusing my energy on that. And then I just realized this is not what I want. like this. This doesn't fuel me. It doesn't make me excited to wake up in the morning and do this. Yeah, I'm making money, but what's the point in money if you're not happy? Boxing gives me the fulfillment and the joy that I need in my life. And you know what? It's the circles boxing put me around, the people that it's it's brought me around. It's just been all such an amazing experience, you know, but taking the taking being a world champion off my list is see I'm very goal orientated and I haven't done that. I haven't accomplished that yet. So for me, like if I retired, I'd always regret it, you know, and I'm young enough. I'm I'm 33. I'm I'm fit. I'm always in the gym, but I just need to get the opportunity. And what an amazing opportunity to come back Patty's weekend and fight for the world toile. So I said to my manager, bro, I'll probably go on a toilet if we don't get something big. We get something big, 100% I'll be there. And then I get the opportunity to fight for the world toile in me hometown. Something that I've dreamed of for many, many years. So I've already lost sleep just thinking about this week. Have you imagined it holding &gt;&gt; imagined it holding the belt &gt;&gt; top rope getting up there? All of that &gt;&gt; cuz I came home for Christmas and on the way back I was on the flight and I I watched CR on the way home. Bro, I cried three times watching the force cri &gt;&gt; because I was like living the moment with him doing that was like I'm getting this opportunity like that's going to be me in a few months like not cried as like stopping but like tears were on my face. I was trying to like distinguish it like on the slice and all you knew I was crying. It was a big tough moment for your box and not and I was just like living that moment while I was watching the movie. You know what I mean? What a brilliant movie. You haven't seen it in years. But that's me going to live my dreams. And like the thing is we can dream while we're asleep, but there's nothing better than visualize something and making that come true in real life. You know, &gt;&gt; it's incredible. I love I love how you you thought about I'm probably going to retire, but then you it feels like maybe you realize you do need boxing. There's still something that you need from it. You you can live that civilian life. You can go and make your money, but that ticking heartbeat behind it all is boxing, right? &gt;&gt; Bro, there's them big nights. One thing what I'll say about boxing is I don't love the sport of boxing, but I love what the man it's made me become. I love the discipline. I love the adrenaline. [clears throat] It makes you feel alive. Like even if you're you're going in for a spar, your adrenaline is pumping because you don't know if you're going to get injured. You don't know if you're going to get hooked. You don't know if you're going to catch a big backhand. You just don't know anything. So, you're going into the unknown. and our bodies is always trying to protect us and our mind is protecting us from danger. So when you're volunteering yourself to go into danger, it's just that adrenaline spike, but there's something I can't even explain to people that have never been in the ring, but it's something that it just makes you feel alive cuz you're living in the moment. You can't think about your bills. &gt;&gt; You can't think about what happened yesterday or what's going to happen tomorrow. All you think about is that man that's in front of you and you just live in the moment. And let's be real, when do we all live in the moment? It's very rare in life where we actually have to live in the wrong moment for a particular reason. You know, do &gt;&gt; you know what you said there about how it makes you forget things cuz I I've been doing my John O Carol research and I around 15 you lost your mother very tragically and boxing kind of helped you through that and you said something that really hit me really made me think wow what an effect that's had on him. You felt almost safe in the ring where you were taking punches &gt;&gt; meant you couldn't think about your mom. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Things like that's that's amazing, John. It's played such a role in your life. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Like through hardship, there's always lessons and my mom was very very proud of me boxing. And when she passed away, it was my job then to make her proud. I always felt like I had the spirit watching over me, protecting me when I was in the ring. But mentally, what I was going through in that stage of my life was way more worse than physical pain. I remember even one, I'll never tell anyone this. I remember one stage I was scratching myself and I was thinking about my mom. I was thinking about loads of things I've been through and bro I kept scratching and scratching scratching. I end up having to go to a counselor. I was the first force to end up going to counsel cuz I scratched the whole chunk out me like I ripped my armpit. It was a horrible big scab on a phrase. It was a scarab for about a year and a half just through mental pain cuz it was so like the pain the physical pain was better than what I was going through mentally and when my nanny seen it she was like what like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this like? So then she bring me to a counselor and yada yada yada. I mean, physical pain is nothing compared to mental pain. And a lot of men are struggling these days with mental pain and and like mental health and everything else. And I feel it like I I believe I have ADHD. I've never been diagnosed or anything like that. But your mind is so powerful. It can either lead you to greatness and it can also there's just best friends of mine who have hung themselves because of they weren't living a good life. You know what I mean? They weren't positive. They weren't doing good things. So it can make you great or it can crumble you. It's like fire. It can cook you dinner. It can also burn you. So when I box, it makes my mind bulletproof. It makes my mind I I leave the gym and I'm just full of endorphins. I'm full of happiness. I can see that I've progressed. I've got one% better that day through maybe good nutrition or training or anything. And I always say if you can become 1% better each and every day, in one year you're going to be 365 times better. So if you look at it like that, all I'm trying to be every day is 1% better. &gt;&gt; And then that compounding effect is going to make you a better man all in all. So like boxing is genuinely when I say helped me become the man who I am today and I'm very very grateful for boxing. So without that in my life, I don't know where I'd be right by now. Would probably be in jail probably because I think my mind was was my worst enemy. You know, &gt;&gt; could have easily then gone down the wrong path. I think you've you've you've had your struggles where you did think you didn't really care if you lived or you died. That that's all happened. But &gt;&gt; and as you say, you've had friends that went that way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But you thankfully have gone this way. So you should be proud of yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like one of my best mates, like really best mates growing up, Nate Kan, he hung himself at like 18, 19. And I remember being at his funeral. My mom just passed a few years previous to that. I remember being like so sad. Like he had a whole life ahead of him. What was he going through mentally? Why couldn't he reach out to me? We couldn't, you know, it's just you just never know what people are going on behind closed doors. Um, so for me, boxing, bro, literally saved my life. And I was only watching Gladiator actually on the way over here. And &gt;&gt; crying as well. Crying again. &gt;&gt; Gladiator crying again. I'm telling you, he started crying. &gt;&gt; Crying Gladiator. What I was thinking was like it's very similar. It's like these slaves are in there. They're working hard. They're fighting for their lives and hoping to buy themselves freedom. So it's the same as us. like I'm fighting for my life in there hoping to buy my family freedom because we're all living in a matrix these days. It's either that rat race where you're running around trying to make money and it's you're stuck in a system &gt;&gt; and unless you make real money and be your own boss today like they force you to take vaccines. They force you to do many things that maybe we don't want to do. You know, I don't want to get into all that, but I'm just saying I that's for me boxing is freedom for me. I can make my own money. I can be my own boss. I can do what I want with my own time. And I'm only going to get the rewards when I put the work in. So, how did you walk away in 2027 then? &gt;&gt; A world champion, have many properties, and just be happy and content with my boxing career. Cuz I've had many ups and downs in my boxing career. But ultimately, at the end of the day, through all the lessons I've had, I've had many blessings and the tables and the peoples that put me around, the people that I'm now in contact with because of boxing. Like when I'm over at the boy just there the weekend gone. I was sitting with one of the shakes sitting with a load of beautiful brothers that like they flew me to Mecca to do all my to do the um and stuff and I'm just thinking like these are all like shakes and stuff. How do I get I'm from a council house. &gt;&gt; How am I sitting with royalty? Lucky enough I knew how to eat sometimes with the correct forks. But growing up I I was not never like type of kid to be brought out for dinner and I didn't know all those things. Lucky enough the partner I was with at the time Gemma she came from a good family. She taught me how to eat with all the right knives and forks growing up. But I'm sitting here with a lot of shakes and I'm just thinking, "Wow, like how my life has changed." But without boxing, it may not have led me to that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's opened the door. &gt;&gt; Many doors for me. &gt;&gt; And I've said to many people, Ben Williams, a good friend of mine. I remember he reached out to me when he was like 15 and he was ready to walk away from boxing. And I said this, I said to him, "Listen, bro, I half hate boxing and the sport, but I love what it's done for my life. I love the lifestyle it's allowed me to live. Like I don't really follow boxing. I don't watch too much boxing, but I love what it's done for me and what it's done for my family and the life I'm able to provide for my family because of boxing. I was like, "So, oh, there you go. Walking 9 to5. Are you or you do something good?" And look at him now, fella is flying around in five jets. He's done amazing things with his life. &gt;&gt; So, it's beautiful when you can inspire the next generation. He was only 15 when he text me and now he's he's killing it. He's smashing life. And I'm just so proud of him when I see I had a little bit of influence in that young man's life. I was a European champion at the time and um IBF Intercontinental Champion. I think I just fought for the world title and I had this 15y old reach out to me and I was able to help him with his career and now seeing him like I was at his fight over in the boy recently just thinking wow he's only still a kid and he's killing it. He's flying around on private jets. He's &gt;&gt; professional DJ. He's he's doing bad things proper influence on boxing. &gt;&gt; He's fighting on big cards you know. So, it's it's amazing when you can help the next generation become a better version of themselves. &gt;&gt; Well, the next generation right now is actually Cole Murphy. So, he's I think he's n 8, nine years younger than you. He's your opponent coming up on March the 14th. Uh what's your read on this young man that you're facing? &gt;&gt; Well, I fought Dean Oh, not Dean Gardy. fought um Kevin Farmer when I was 15 and0 and like technically if you take the three prize fighter fights that were there &gt;&gt; like I was only really 12 and I was like you know &gt;&gt; so honestly that was a very good fight very competitive fight that I had against Kevin Farmer &gt;&gt; I wasn't outmatched that much I th more punches I actually landed more punches and I was very hungry I didn't know how to lose so I have to take the same mindset as he's this is his world title shot it is for a world title this is his world title shot if he wins this this is his name going shoot and through the roof because this is my hometown fighting for a world title. So he's going to be hungry. So the same way I was hungry for that world title, he's going to be the exact same coming in like I had to go to 10 farmers backyard. He's coming down here to Dublin. It's the same aspect almost. I was hungry for that fight. I was training. I didn't leave anything in the gym. And even though I lost that fight, my stock rose to bits of I was on massive cards after that. I really put my name out there. So my job ultimately at the end of the day is to not allow him build momentum, not allow him do what I done to farmer. I want this Dr. Ro. I hope and wish nothing but good things for him in the future. But my career is coming to an end and for me this is do or die. I have to win. So this man unfortunately I have to just smash his goals and dreams and I have to give him his first loss. You know what I mean? And I'm going to enjoy every bit of it because like when I was watching that Creed movie, there always has to be a winner and there has to be a loser. No one wants to be the loser come fight night. So I have to do everything I can in my power to make sure I stop hitting in his tracks and not let him build momentum and confidence in the fight. &gt;&gt; What if he's hungrier than you? &gt;&gt; He won't be. It's it's like I said, it's do or die for me. So unless he's willing to die in that ring, he's not going to be more hungry than me. I'm going to I'm going to teach him a lot of things that he's never been taught before. Like there's there's certain levels to boxing and I learned that when I fought Deon Farmer. I learned I had to not just throw punches, he chose many punches. I I gained that experience from Farmer. I went back and I sparred him for different world title fights and everything when he was fighting Jose Diaz and different camps. And I learned, you know what, sometimes you just have to sit in a shot and hoard people with shots. Sometimes it's not all about landing shots. It's about land the clean shots, landing the hoordeful shots. And be patient. I'm more way more patient now and I'm way more mature, way more experienced than this kid. He's a good kid. He's he looks tough, strong, has a good engine. But bro, if we don't beat him, I don't deserve to be a world champion. And my dad told me as a kid, if you don't believe you can be world champion, don't get into boxing because it's not a game where number two gets tap on the back. It's like, oh, well done. It's like, you get hurt when you're number two. So, if you're going to be number two, don't bother all unless you believe you can be a world champion, then don't even bother boxing. So, I always believed I can be a world champion. and never doubted myself. And if I can't beat him, then I don't deserve to be a world champion. Simple as that. So, he won't be hungry. Trust me, he will not be hungry. I got mouths to feed. I got two kids at home. They rely on me for everything. &gt;&gt; Like, I can't lose this fight. &gt;&gt; Are you keeping an eye on the main event? &gt;&gt; Um, yes, 100%. I love Jazza and I hope Jazza wins, but if he doesn't, then of course I'd love to fight Kachi. &gt;&gt; You wouldn't fight Jazza. He's like a brav. &gt;&gt; Jazz is in my training camp. He we spar and we like I've I've used Jazza for the temp farmer fight for sparring &gt;&gt; and Jazz is like a brother like I went hot yoga with Jazz Jazz not even there you know what I mean me and Jazz are literally like brothers but obviously if the money is right me and Jazz would fight me and Jazza don't care &gt;&gt; we understand this is a business at the end of the day we would fight I don't think either of us would want to fight but if there was enough money put on the table I know me and Jazz we're old school fighters we do for money like if someone gives me the right amount of money I got to hurt someone I don't care but Of course, we keep mirroring on the main card for sure. &gt;&gt; But with Katchaci that it's more Yeah, definitely. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like it's Belfast Ireland, you know, like it's Belfast Dublin that brings the whole of world together. Like Belfast has such a strong history in boxing. He has moral like up on the wall. I want the same things down here. I want my face plastered all over the walls here, &gt;&gt; you know? That's what I want. Like he's already I feel like lived the goal, lived the dream. He's he's became world champion. He's beat a lot of good people and for many years I remember when I had the IBF in the continental European catch was calling me out on on Twitter and I used to say bro any promoter shows me enough money we fight no problem we fight tomorrow I'm happy to always do this fight so I know he built it &gt;&gt; and as this was going on I was supposed to fight Kachi I don't know if you know that but me and Kaki was in talks to headline this bill before Jazza came in the picture &gt;&gt; so um that's why he end up vacating the title I got to fight the title cuz we already had it in contracts. I already had contracts over or he was supposed to fight Kachi. So, if he wins, why not unify? That'd be amazing. Why not? &gt;&gt; What's the prediction for the Cole Murphy fight? &gt;&gt; I reckon it's going to I would like to stop him at like six or seven if we live in a perfect world. And only say six or seven because I want to give the fans a little show for I want to enjoy it. I want to embrace the moment, bro. And if if we start opening them up and I could take him out possibly, it would be amazing. That's what I would love. But prediction is a win no matter what. Like I believe I can beat him on the inside, the outside, it doesn't really matter enough experience to to predict the fight to do what I want, whether I want to fight him or whether I want to box him on the outside. So I just think whatever I want to happen will happen. So, it's kind of more going to be down to a trainer when he just takes that leash off and just says, "Get him." That's what I believe. I would love to stop him eventually because in the Scott Quig fight was the same. I really look up at Scott Quig, but early on I just wanted to go cuz I was catching him with such clean shots and me trainer kept saying, "No, it's coming. It's coming. Relax, relax." He didn't let me off the leash till like round nine and I think I stopped on 10 or 11 or something like that, but it was late in the fight. &gt;&gt; I would have likened to stop him earlier and I believe I possibly could have, but I listened to my trainer. I'm disciplined and what lost me to 10 farmer fight. It was I couldn't listen to him at the time. I was just I was off the leash and I was too young and hungry. I just wanted to keep going and going but I didn't listen to my trainer and I learned a lot from that fight. So now I listen to him. I'm more experienced. I take his advice and whatever he says to do that's exactly what I'll be doing. But I I I believe I'm good enough to stop him. And I don't stop many people bro. I believe I'm good enough to stop them. &gt;&gt; It has been a pleasure catching up and good to see you again. Good to be working with you and I can't wait for this one. Best of luck. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it, brother. Thank you so much. Thank you for having me.