Kind: captions Language: en Triple D. Um, just spent a couple of hours with you. Thankfully, I wasn't training, but you were you were training. You look in the shape of your life, mate. Yeah, really. Um, pushing it to another level, mate. Yeah. I mean, this is this is the best that I've seen you looking all the years that I've become to the gym. The old gym peacock, the new peacock, this one. It's something different. Yeah. I think we're level up leveling up. I think everyone's pushing harder in the gym. Everyone's pushing me harder. And And the fees I sharp as iron, doesn't it? Okay. You're about 1 month out now from the Usyk fight. How does it feel compared to when you were one month out from the AJ fight? You know, it feels I can't explain it cuz it doesn't feel the same. Do you experience new new challenge in that, but you you know what? I'm not overly stressed about anything at the moment. Still got time to train, focus, spar, and do demolition jobs. It'll all come together. I'll just put it all together on a night, you know. I can see the Wembley artist from up there. But yeah, it's it's all good. Going to just recreate the whole thing again. Have you actually been staring at it and visualize? I know you can't see it from this angle, but I know little walk down there, you can see it. Do you did you actually stare at it? This is what I was I was No, I just feel like things are they're just meant to be meant to happen. And you know, it's like, you know, as natural and as as real as anything, you know, it's just meant to be. And yeah, I want to make do it again in in Wembley like we did last time and do even better. You know, when you fought Usyk the first fight, were you ready? Be honest. Do you actually think that you were ready? You pro you probably said you were at the time you got to Were you? Ready as in, you know, yeah, I was going through a few things and whatever, but um I I still think that whole experience made me strong, you know. um broke you and then you have to build rebuild yourself again and sometimes when you do that you come back stronger and that's what I think happened to me. It's one of those where in the first fight you thought you were ready and maybe now you know you're ready. Yeah, you could put it like that. Um, I just felt like it was um a chapter that that I had to go through a hard lesson, few hard lessons learned, but I still went through it and I'm I'm at the other end stronger now. You know, for the for the AJ fight, that ring walk. Yeah. I've heard you talk about how you didn't actually feel any nerves, which is which is crazy for like a normal person going out there but nervous, but you didn't feel any. No. I was like once we started the walk and and it all became real and then making my way to the ring no nerves just focus and I'm not going to be denied I refuse to lose this is I'm here I'm here this is you guys want to see a show I'm going to give you one for the first two week fight were there nerves when you're walking out cuz I I've looked at your ring walks and they're very different yeah very yeah just different mindset different mindset different mentality you know I'm sure now I'm more sure than I was then and that's big difference, you know, makes a massive difference. Um, call it belief or whatever, but I just know I've got it now. Belief is, I think, a key word. Not only is your like your belief in yourself, we've seen that grow, but faith is quite a a part in what you what you believe in, right? Heading into your fights and you think like your prayer, your God, is that is that helping you for this? Yeah, I think I think that's a massive part of it. thing. Um, I do the works in the gym and and like I like you said, prayer and all that, you know, I do the works in the gym and I'm focused. I live like a monk, you know? I live like a monk. Training, eat, sleep, train, repeat. And that's that sort of doing that and consistently doing that, you're going to rise to another level and be go be good at what you do. And that's all I'm doing then and sharpening my tools and ready to take over the world and get all them belts. Rip all them belts offic. Yeah. Yeah. What do the words blessed be the Lord my rock who stiffens my hands for war. Yeah. Fingers to fight. They're the words, right? Started long time ago. It means the beginning, doesn't it? Means my beginning. My introduction to fighting. These words are are like, you know, this these are the words that I say to myself. Well, I'm in a ring in a fight. That's all you need. The prayer and the belief in that. So, it means a lot. It's like a mental beginning. Yeah. My dad told us that when we were little and we would say it over and over again and and then after a while just Yeah. becomes a part of you, doesn't it? He's really drilled it into you, doesn't he? Cuz I remember hearing about like when you were doing the press ups. Yeah. Food, no water and all of that. But he he'd come into the room and then you'd say those words to him, "Blessed be the Lord." Yeah. Glad you remembered it. But yeah, I do my research then. I know. You seem like you're in a good place. Um, what did you think of the press conference and the way Usyk behaved? Did you feel anything different? Have you got in his head, Daniel? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. Flinch. But to be fair, look, he just got up and sort of like enough enough's enough kind of thing. He probably had enough of me. That was probably part of it. But also, you don't normally see him behave like that. No, no. He was he's ready to go, isn't he? I feel like he's ready to just be taken off that pedestal. He's proud man and everything, but there comes a time everyone gets their time and like he's I don't know. Is he big-headed now? Is he getting it on top? Getting above himself now? I don't know. But I know what we got to do on the night and take that, you know. Yeah. Wow. Can't wait. He keeps making this sign and and it happened when you faced off, you know, when you gave him the push. That happened after he did this. Yeah. Three. So that that annoyed you a bit. Is that is that am I right? This three time undisputed is Yeah. We're staying in focus. We're staying focused. We're not getting involved in all the games and all of that. to stay focused and going to do our job and that's destroying him and taking all the belts. You're just not you're not bowing to it. I remember the first fight. I remember the first time you faced off and he he sort of he started rapping and you sort of didn't know what to do with yourself from what I could see and he he was the he was the main character in that. But it's like he's he's maybe trying to be now and you're pushing him. You're calling him this. Like this this is my home. Yeah, it is. You know, it's like Yeah. I call it like when someone's coming to your club and to bash you up, you going to, you know, you can't let that happen. You got to teach them and show them he's the governor. Now, first time and this time around is a different going to be a different story. How much are you driven by what happened in that first fight though? How much has it motivated you? I just say the whole my whole life has motivated me. You know, what I've got on my plate right now was motivating me to be successful. I mean, you know, was with the family and everything. That's what's motivated me a lot. He had a lot to say at the end of the first fight, and I've heard you say that this time you'll have something to say to him at the end of the fight. Have you thought about what that what Yeah, you got something for ready. Let's tell him on the night after the fight. Any clue? No clues, man. No clues. Cuz you guys are going to see a a spectacular show. Do you think he's got better since the Fury fights? Because in 24 rounds with Tyson Fury, right, you know, and he's he's won a lot of those rounds. Could he have got better? I think he's a little bit worn. Those two fights with Fury and the fights with me and everyone, they've all taken a little bit out of him. Now I'm going to make I've I've got to do know what I've got to do. I've got to make him old on the night. Like you say, you can turn a guy old and looking one night in a fight. That's what I got to do. You know, that's what they'll say. If you do get your way, they'll say, "You got old overnight." Who cares what they say? Just getting all their belts and doing my job and getting victory is all that I care about. Um, this will be spectacular thing. The whole world will stop. Not just England, but America, all all over the world. This will go out to with the whole boxing world and everything else. And yeah, let's create history. You'd breathe rarified air as like Lennox Lewis was the last one from Britain. You know, Joshua tried to beat him. Fury tried to beat him. You tried to beat him. But if you get it done this time, this is like do it properly this time. I think Yeah. No fiddling about no better patterns away. But you know, bombs away. That's that's what I'm going to do. You know, you came back right from all of this all of this adversity and everything. How did you do it when you were at that at your lowest point after that fight? Then you went into Miller and then you went into Hervich, then you went into Joshua. How did you do it then? Just like I say, I got my dad there supporting me, you know. What does that mean? Pulling me through, you know, getting me back in the gym. You see how consistent we are every day in the gym. Um, and I I knew I had I've got more to give than just this. this this happened. This is unfortunate, but I've got more to give than just this. And you know, you go through those moments and whatever question for yourself, but it's all about getting back on your feet, you know, soon standing strong and being a champion and fighting like a champion. And yeah, that's what we did. It's, you know, same thing we've been doing since day one. When I lost as amateur, I did the same damn thing. Went back in the ring and kick someone's ass and kept doing that. That's where all the answers are in the ring. Yeah. Did you have to have like a real conversation with yourself to be like who like look in the mirror and say who are you Daniel kind of thing? No. No. A few moments. I had a few moments but nah woof. No one want too nothing too deep. Nothing a good punch up. A good fight can solve. You know a f fight can solve all your problems. You go to the ring. I got this on my head. Ah the world's bringing me down. You must get in the ring and you fighting for your for your life. You'll miss all of this when it's done, won't you? Like say 10 years time when Daniel's retired, undisputed champion. What you going to do with yourself? I'll find something to do. I'll find something to do. Matt, do you know I actually said to your dad, "What do you think Daniel's going to do when it's all said and done? Like, how's he going to keep busy?" said Solomon. That's Solomon to look after and train. Yeah, definitely. How much is of a motivation is Solomon? Cuz I've seen him around now. He's probably he's getting involved. He's hitting back. Yeah, he's right involved. is doing my training with me and it's good to have competition someone there that's you know your blood brother is training with me as well that's what I'm used to really it's a different sort of like make making proud though right cuz you want to make your dad proud obviously everyone wants to impress their dad but with Solomon he just looks up to you so you've got to like set an example haven't you yeah good example to follow isn't it world champion when when he's holding up the belt with you at Wembley Stadium. Yeah, that was that was amazing. Pretty amazing though. That was amazing. How how much of you, Daniel, is just a just a boy who wants to impress his dad. I'm not just a boy. I'm a man now. So, you get your get your get your wording right, mate. A boy that wants to impress his dad. I'm not a boy of a man. Yeah, understood. So, that Daniel the man. Goodness sake. Right. How much of you is a is a grown man? He got to press his father's out. He's going to end up chinninging me. part of the territory. Like today, I've I've seen you like you doing your your work in the ring and then you look out to your dad who's there and you sort of waiting for him to give you a little nod and it's it's nice, isn't it? It goes without even talking. We don't even talk about it like that. It's like normal for us now. You know, he should be in the corner on fight night, right? Against sick. Yeah. And he wasn't there for the first one. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of weren't there for the first one. I wasn't there really for the first one, but I will be there this time. You're going to be there this time. Um, what what do you think of the Akoli Lena fight? That's a good fight. Yeah, it's a good matchup. I think that's a good match up. Favor Coley Aoli, but still a good fight. It's a good fight really. Lorena, I mean, you know, yeah, didn't he? Well, my knee was before I got in the ring really, but um yeah, he's caused and he's been on a few Riyad cars, hasn't he? Yeah. Yeah. He nearly beat Justice Uni. It was It was good. Yeah. Justice came and gave um Fabio a good fight. Exactly. So, it's a good fight. It's a good fight for your your undergard. Um Yeah. But you fancy Lawrence to get it done. I think so. Yeah. What's that? Heavyweight? Yeah, he's a heavyweight now. He's a big fella now, Lawrence. Yeah. It's like 250. I know he's massive. Um, and there's talk about Moses against Dillian White. What do you think of that one? It's a good fight. Let's see. Let's see how much Dylan's got left. You know, all the young prospect will blow him out of there, you know. Let's see. Let's see. I don't know. Tough old guy, ain't he? He's got the dog, ain't he? Yeah, the dog. Tough man. Yeah. Let's see how much of it he's got left. He's been in Been around a while now, ain't he? Long long time. Moses has just died. Yeah. But uh for you, people are calling you a 27 year old veteran. What do you make of that? Because it's kind kind of true, right? You you're a young man, but you've been through it. You've had quite the story. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't know how this boxer works. It's just over time you find your done your whole life in it. And yeah, just wake up one day and you're like 30, 40, you're still in the game. But yeah, it's it's good. You know, it's a good positive positive things we've been doing with our time and the hard work, the preparation, the training, the victory, all of that. It's good. How are you going to beat Alexander Rousi on July 19th? How? It's a good question, but I'll tell you right, because no one else has done it. Yeah. So, how'd you do it? Well, with this Bosch in his face. Um, yeah, just I say it like that, but for us it's it's not even words talking about talking about it like that. I'll get in there and then just destroy him, you know, put the pressure on him. Um, crash crash wallet wallet knockout. Yeah. Job done. Job done, man. And the new undisputed world heavyweight trend. Yeah. Yeah. You're thinking about it now, aren't you? I'm thinking about it. Thinking about going home and having the damn meal now time. Pleasure as always, Daniel Dup.