Kind: captions Language: en Walter last low for you. Feeling good. Feeling very good. Feeling better. And I am in me last uh three fights cuz I'm stronger and better. And I'm just looking forward to it. I'm putting the work in with Bob um more than ever. So, it's going to go good. Well, each fight I've had, I've took a lot from them cuz there's a lot of learning for me to do. It's not about I've already got it to do it. You've got to learn uh you learn new stuff each time you get in the ring. It's professional boxing, so I haven't done much of it. But like I said, um I'm learning day by day. And each fight you have, I'm getting better. So, I'm going to keep improving. He's uh coming to camp in great shape. He's doing everything we're asking of him. He's uh he he he doesn't shy away from anything you give him. He um he just wants to get in there and do the best he can. this fight around. I'm coming to fight more than box. So, cuz you can't just win every fight off just boxing. You've got to be able to mix it up as well. So, I'm coming into this fight to mix it up and uh try and get the stoppage as well. He wants to win. He wants to do the best he can. And I think come July the 11th, you're going to see different Walter. He's got a little bit more um bit between his teeth. He wants to get out there and impress. He's got, you know, he's got all the skills. He's got the heart. He's got the determination. I think we're going to see, you know, a not a different Walter Fury because he's the same, he's the same guy. He can he can box, he can fight, he's got, you know, a good boxing brain. He can adapt really quickly. Um, I think we'll see a really good performance from him. The thing is with me, I've done boxing most of me life. So, uh yeah, I am a bit older than what uh for like the hurly fights, but the thing is it's a good thing as well cuz um it's done me good. I've matured. I'm a full set man. So, I'm as good as I'm going to be, but the main thing I'm going to do is just keep improving on me boxing and uh I'm talented. I've got I've got what I need to have to go fight in the sport. And I really believe that. Um so, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to keep following what I believe and what I know I'm going to do. So, I won't stop until I do it. I think he's got a fantastic career in front of him. He's got lots of potential. He's got some things you can give a fighter training in the gym. You know, the skill they can pick, you know, the skill set can can lift with everything that you're doing. You can't give him that heart. And that is probably in his DNA as you know he's from a fighting family and that's what they do and that's what Walter does. He'll never back down. You know he he will grit his teeth and battle it out and that you can't give to some fighters. He just they haven't got that. Was fetched up to do this. This is why I'm in the game cuz I was born to be a fighter and I've done it most of my life anyways because I've been through rough times and it learns you a lot as you grow up. Do you know what I mean? So, um, nervewise, no, I don't get nervous. I get the adrenaline rush like, oh, it's about to happen where that part, but that's it. You can put me under the biggest show ever. It's not going to fetch me down. I'm going to perform however I'm going to perform. That's not going to affect me. Uh, for the reason why that is is because I don't look at that in the way of, oh, look at this. I can't go out here and look at all these people. people don't bother me. I'm more interested in the person in the ring focusing on what I've got to do and what I ain't got to do to not get hit in that. Do you know what I mean? And to do a better job on him. I'm not a person to sit here and say I'm going to go this far or mention things what I don't know yet. Cuz you don't know if you get tomorrow, do you? So, I'm going to take step by step, look at each fight I have and train for that first. But I can guarantee this one thing is I'll be going very far. But I'll take it as a as it comes to me cuz I'm not going to start sitting here and saying, "Oh, I'm going to be the next world champion cuz I don't work like that." But I believe a lot titles eventually and I believe I'll get them opportunities. But before I start believing too much like that, I need to focus on every step I do with Bob in the gym, listening and improving on all the things I've got to do. His his style is Walter Fury style, you know. He he has got a fantastic uh champion in and a cousin as Tyson Fury, but Walter's Walter. He ain't anybody else. He he can box like I say he's he's got a lot of different things we haven't seen yet, you know, under the lights, but in the gym he can he can do anything. I think he's got a really good uh future ahead of him. Um and we just like I say, we just take him along steady and then we'll just pick pick things up as as they come. It's a good thing as well cuz um it's done me good. I've matured. I'm a full set man, so I'm as good as I'm going to be, but the main thing I'm going to do is just keep improving on me boxing and uh I'm talented. I've got I've got what I need to have to go find in the sport. And I really believe that. Um so that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to keep following what I believe and what I know I'm going to do. So I won't stop until I do it. It's fantastic. I mean to be on the shows that he's been on. Uh they're unbelievable, you know, opportunity. is obviously Frank's seen something in in Walter that he that he likes. He's given him a chance to to shine under the lights on on the Queensbury uh banner. Um and we're just really grateful for for what Frank's done for Walter and for the gym. You know, we we um we had a couple opportunities with others, but it's about Walter. He's giving Walter the opportunity to to show his skill. Yeah. Well, I've got two older brothers. They always give me advice to tell me right from the wrong. But mainly I've got the man why and me in this gym, Bob. What's fetched me so far the way where I've come to. And I carry on listening to him day by day cuz I believe he's doing the best for me. And without him, I won't be as good as what I am now. So, and it's only early days yet, but I'm planning on going very far with this man outside of me. Um, cuz he's a good man. all the things he tells me, I can feel it me own cell that improves me. Uh I've I've been in this gym earlier on like in the way of me first and second fight and I haven't felt as good as what I do today. Today I've got more confidence in myself. I believe I'm going to get into this next fight and I'm not one bit bothered. They can tell by looking at me right now. Doesn't phase me cuz I'm past the point of oh worry too much. That's when you let everything get to you. I'm not worried about it. What's going to happen is going to happen. I don't know that what's going to happen, but what I do know is I'll give it everything I've got and I'll try me best. Being that he's your cousin, do you think we're going to see the return of the Gypsy King soon? I don't know. You'll have to ask him myself. It's not to do with me. Whatever he does, it's down to his cell. But I believe what he's doing right now is the best for his cell. He's got a family. What more does he need to prove? And that's it. I ain't got much more to say about it. And I think he's done enough boxing cuz I think his health's worth more than what else now. Anthia Joshua's a big fight. The world want to see it. But no matter what, if he did box Anthony Joshua, you got to look at it like this. Would you still have people saying, "Oh, Tyson's this and that." Yeah, cuz they never like him no matter what he does. That's why still to this day after what he's achieved in boxing, you still get negative people what always got a lot more to say than what they have goodness is because they'll never say goodness about him cuz it kills them to say it cuz they don't like what they see. So what he's done already you can't get any better. He might have lost twice against us but what's that matter? He already won everything and plus he fought very close with us which is another top man. So credit to both of them.