Kind: captions Language: en So wanting to be continuing to be whatever this best person I am in whatever definition. I think that's where a lot of the drive comes from. Uh a little bit of is practicing what I preach, right? Where if I'm telling my daughter that she needs to work hard in swimming and dance and all of that kind of stuff and then she sees me slacking off downstairs, it feels a little, you know, double standard. Um, but you know, I would say some of the drive too just comes from inherently within in the app. It promotes itself in a way where you can compete against yourself. You can compete against others or against the the the computer, the robots. Part of me, you know, being the competitive person where I can see where I've grown and compete against my past uh is really fun. you know, being able to compete against other people in the community and seeing, you know, talking and seeing their progress and being like, "Okay, I'm gonna see if I can do a little bit better." There's a mental challenge to it, too. Fight camp's creation of content where you keep putting out new content more and more. The the workouts aren't the same. It's kind of amazing. You know, you have six basically six punches, right? And the diversity that you see within those, it's so eye opening, but you keep having to challenge yourself mentally, right? you you have to keep working through these okay oh I'm doing this right oh okay this is now what I'm moving to um where you don't have the ability to uh zone out maybe zone out in a different way where you're so focused that you don't see the world around you but um yeah it is a mental challenge as well as a physical one the the other benefit is it is a stress reliever boxing is a fantastic stress reliever you get to throw a lot of effort into your hands into the bag, you feel the the recoil of the bag. Sometimes you get to move it around a little bit, right? And it's satisfying, right? And on top of that, usually there's someone yelling on my case on the TV and being excited about your successes and and all of that. And so all of those things come together to promote, you know, improve mental health and and all of that. You see the trackers and you think, "Okay, this is just a they're going to have boxing videos, right? I'm going to get to pick boxing or or kickboxing videos, right? It's so much more. The trainers have so much other expertise in other areas, and you see it shine in the other workouts, whether it be something like the the warm-ups, which are just nice ways to get started, get those muscles going, get that heart rate up, you know, get start to get warm, all the way to doing things like the strength workouts. There's so much more than even the trackers themselves at that point where it becomes that whole system of you can do all of this together within the app. And and the best part about it is you get to work with those instructors that you've built the trust in in the boxing side of things, but also now you get to see them shine in those conditioning and strength workouts and stretching and and all of that kind of stuff. but they're there for us uh in the community and um and it's appreciated to those people that are curious about trying it to try it. It is so unique in not only the workouts but the community and the trainers if you're on the fence about it. It is a just fantastic tool and I do not have any regret. I absolutely love my fight camp workouts. I look forward to doing them. Uh it's just been an absolute joy. Even though we end with abs in this household and I may not like that I end with abs. The people that will get fight camp in the future, you'll understand that feeling where I'm going to do it right. And I know I may not like it as I'm doing it, but I'm going to do it. And you get you will get to it. You'll get through it and it will be fantastic.