Kind: captions Language: en This is your February fight recap. It's March. &gt;&gt; This is your February fight recap, both boxing and MMA. We're your hosts, J Ball and Andrew. We're going to start with the rumor mill in the boxing world. David Benavidez versus Zurdo Ramirez are set to face off in May. David Benavidez has been getting tested more and more lately after everybody and their mother wanted him to fight Canelo. That never happened, unfortunately for all of us because David Benavidez used to be at 168. Zurdo Ramirez will probably be his biggest test to date. &gt;&gt; Canelo, uh, Mexican fighter, red hair, they call him cinnamon. What's Canelo's first name, for real? What's his real first name? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm not sure. What is it? Saul. Saul, which means cinnamon in Spanish. &gt;&gt; means cinnamon. &gt;&gt; Okay, Canelo means cinnamon in Spanish. This is exciting news for all fight fans. Errol Spence is set to make his return to the ring after nearly 3 years out after being defeated horribly by uh, Mr. Terence Crawford. &gt;&gt; I watched that fight. Errol Spence's face looked like a piece of roadkill after that fight. We've all been there. No. No problem. &gt;&gt; Not sure if we've all had our faces beat to a pulp like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, he's back. &gt;&gt; A lot of people started to discredit Errol Spence after that fight, but people are forgetting what an elite champion that guy was. He was in most pound-for-pound lists at that point. He's set to face Tim Tszyu in his return fight. &gt;&gt; Errol Spence tats or &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has tats. &gt;&gt; he has a good amount of tats. Can we Do we have a producer &gt;&gt; Yeah, we don't have a producer for our show yet. No, if you want to be the producer for our show for free, like &gt;&gt; know. Leave a comment. He's got tats. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's super tatted. He's got two faces, possibly family members on his chest. What's on his back? There's a tiger, a tigress, &gt;&gt; a pride. a pride of tigers. No, pride's lions. These are lions. Oh, sh- Those are lions. &gt;&gt; We need a fact checker on this show, please. Like and subscribe. &gt;&gt; Errol Spence set to return to the ring against Tim Tszyu. That's going to be a good fight. I think Tim Tszyu is well past his best. Errol Spence, if he looks anything like he did before his Crawford fight, this should be an easyish fight for him. &gt;&gt; And if he looks anything like he did after the Crawford fight, he'll be looking like a a dead roadkill. Heavyweight clash coming up between Fabio Wardley and Daniel Dubois, Daniel Dynamite Dubois. Uh, that's going to be a barn-burner. They're going to be swinging fists. Don't drink while I'm talking. Between those two, they could probably demolish a building with just their fists. Personally, I got Fabio Wardley by KO. Do you have any opinions on that? Uh, I I honestly have no idea who those people [laughter] are. Daniel Dubois just got knocked out by uh, Usyk. Ooh, Usyk. From Ukraine. You might have heard of it. One that I'm personally most excited for is that Junto Nakatani versus Naoya Inoue, a Japan domestic showdown going down between two champions at the lower weight classes at 122. I've heard that Inoue might be on steroids, though. I doubt it. The Japanese are too prideful to do steroids. &gt;&gt; Like and subscribe. &gt;&gt; The best fighting the best. People have been calling for this fight for the last two, three years, and out of all the upcoming fights, this is the one I'm most excited for. Last on the news section here is a crazy fight announcement, uh, Pacquiao versus Mayweather 2. Spelling Manny Pacquiao is the hardest thing in the world. I can never do it. Famous politician, lesser-known boxer Manny Pacquiao. Ryan, time for back to school. Pacquiao-Mayweather getting it on for a second time, 10 years later, in September. I don't think anybody asked for this fight, but everybody's going to be watching. That's for sure. Actually, Mayweather-Pacquiao was the first fight I ever watched live. That was a boring fight, so it's probably going to be even worse 10 years later. On to Andrew with the UFC news. The UFC at the White House. I saw people say maybe McGregor-Diaz. We all know that that's not going to happen. Nate Diaz Number one Nate Diaz fan right here. &gt;&gt; Hey, Nate, if you're watching this, like and subscribe in the comments below. I've been seeing uh, Diaz post more fighting-related stuff on his Instagram, on the three Nate Diaz accounts that I follow. Andrew's uh, profile picture on Slack is Nate Diaz with a microphone in his hand. I love Nate Diaz. I don't know if you've seen someone leaked a video on social media of Jon Jones talking about his hip, that he has arthritis in the hip and can barely wrestle. That was leaked. That wasn't supposed to go public. Another rumor, Tom Aspinall, who talked a lot of sh- about Jon Jones, Isn't he blind? He got poked in the eye via Ciryl Gane, and now Tom Aspinall is just complaining nonstop about how he can't see. He's just whiny. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I've been poked in the eye, and I'm blind. I'm blind. Dude, it's like grow up. It's like grow up. And so, who cares? Tom Aspinall's out. If you remember what Jon Jones did to Ciryl Gane, he guillotined him in the first round, standing guillotine, like this. I'm Jon Jones. If he is blind, we wish him the best, though. That's honestly, that's not uh, we wish him the best. &gt;&gt; February was a surprising month in fights. A lot of good fights really crept up on us. Starting at the top of February, we had Nick Ball, the wrecking ball, tiniest man in boxing, uh, fighting Brandon Figueroa. Have you seen Nick Ball? No. Dude, he fights at like 126, and he is about a foot shorter than all of his opponents. They call him the wrecking ball. Wow. &gt;&gt; Him and I also share a last name. Through 12 rounds, it was a very competitive fight, Nick Ball landing some hard shots, Figueroa tanking it. Nick Ball also going into this undefeated, and he was actually the favorite. Then in round 12, Nick Ball got a little bit careless and got knocked out. He got knocked down, put on his chest, gets back up, a lot of heart. Nick Ball is a fun fighter to watch. He'll he'll come back. Lee Wood versus Josh Warrington two. Ultimately, Lee Wood outboxed uh, Warrington for 12 rounds. It was kind of a shutout um, across the score cards, too. Uh, Warrington landed some good punches. He just could not close the distance. Warrington probably done after this, but those are two UK legends at this point, and they're fun to watch fight. &gt;&gt; Claressa Shields entered the ring again in February, aka the GWOAT, greatest woman of all time, self-proclaimed nickname, uh, faces Cruz Dezurn in the women's heavyweight division. 10 round slugfest. Dezurn came out round one absolutely swinging. Claressa Shields too defensively responsible to get caught by anything, countering and slipping and boxing real nice-like. Dezurn showing a lot of grit, pushing forward, tough, get- getting Shields in the corner, but ultimately doing nothing effective. What won the fight for Claressa Shields ultimately was her cardio was a lot better, and her counterpunching is beautiful. Is she the GWOAT, though? Who else would be the GWOAT? Katie Taylor? Are you just scrolling Instagram while &gt;&gt; no. I'm actually looking up something for the show. Absolute Mexican showdown between Navarrete and Nunez. Two Mexican styles coming together and clashing is always really fun to watch. Navarrete is a little bit more dynamic. He can box at range and be comfortable on the inside, so he was boxing out Nunez, and then when they got in the inside, he was just sitting comfortable and landing at will. Ultimately, in the 10th round, the doctor took a look at Nunez and stopped the fight. It was an instant classic for Mexican fans and boxing fans alike. &gt;&gt; a lot of camaraderie after the fight. It was really fun to watch. Almost like the camaraderie that me and Andrew have here. Thank you. Nunez was really disappointed when the ref stopped it, but if you looked at his face, you could see why that happened. Mario Barrios versus Ryan Garcia card was a doozy. The co-main for the fight was supposed to be Richardson Hitchins and Oscar Duarte. Richardson Hitchins pulled out from a sickness the day of. Pulling out of a fight on the day of is questionable and sus. Speaking of Ryan Garcia, we might have seen a familiar face, Coach PJ, in the corner of Ryan Garcia. So, if you're watching that show and you thought you saw him, no, folks, not a doppelganger. That is the one, the only PJ. Ryan Garcia versus Mario Barrios was a super fun fight to watch if you're a Ryan Garcia fan. Beat the breaks off of Mario Barrios for 12 rounds. Knocked him down in round one, and I actually thought he was going to get that stoppage round one. That didn't happen, but Ryan kept the pressure on, and Barrios could not do anything. Ryan made Mario look very average. Yeah, it was good to see Garcia back. I mean, he had that kind of mental uh, nah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he went a little off the deep end. &gt;&gt; off the deep end. Regardless, we like to see Ryan Garcia back. I'm a huge proponent of Ryan Garcia. I think he's good for the sport. I think he draws attention to the sport that it's not getting elsewhere. It's what boxing needs, especially since uh, our boy Gervonta Davis is going to be going to prison. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; A lot of people were obviously expecting that crazy left hook from Ryan. Ryan came out, surprised everybody, threw many right hands. One of them in which knocking down Barrios, and he was basically landing on Barrios's face at will all night. Joe Goossen in Barrios's corner probably wasn't happy about that. &gt;&gt; Denim shirt Joe Goossen. He's always wearing a denim shirt. Check it out. &gt;&gt; a denim shirt, but he's wearing denim denim, double denim. &gt;&gt; Double denim. Nate in tuxedo, the founder of Fight Camp Canadian. That's true. Former Fight Camp coach PJ was in the corner of Ryan Garcia. It was really awesome to see him in the corner. Shout out to PJ and Ryan. Now, on to Andrew with the MMA fights that happened in February. &gt;&gt; Hello, February. We had a few uh, UFC Fight Nights in February to continue the Paramount Era. Sean Strickland and Anthony Hernandez. Sean Strickland won uh, by a TKO stoppage in the third round. Sean Strickland just pursued, pursued, pursued and then beat the brakes off of Anthony Hernandez when he broke a little bit. That took Sean Strickland to the second most significant strikes in UFC history behind the one, the only Max Holloway who's actually fighting in a few days. We'll come back to that. Sean Strickland looked good. He looked the best that I've seen him look since he took the upset victory over Israel Adesanya. I have two other fights here. Uros Medic beat Geoff Neal. I don't care. That's boring. And Dan Ege something something something. We're going to just get right over that. Then this week we I don't we don't care. We have Cheeto Vera fought David Martinez and this is just a few days ago. Shout out to Cheeto. Cheeto is a local Costa Mesa legend, good friend of the podcast. We saw him take a heartbreaking loss. It was a unanimous decision. Why do you think Cheeto lost? What do you think he could have done better? &gt;&gt; Cheeto is a slow starter and I say this with the most respect in the world. I love Cheeto Vera. I love watching him fight. Personality wise, excitement wise, has the chin of a god, great athlete in the UFC, but I think he's a slow starter. We had the Brandon Moreno Cavana flyweight fight. That was the co-main this last weekend. Cavana won by decision. Moreno took a hideous beating in the second round. It was pretty one-sided. It was definitely a slugfest, but Cavana ended up winning. That's what I got in the past. I kind of skimmed over quite a bit. Now look to the future. You know what they say, the windshield of a car is big and the rearview mirror is small for a reason. Here on the Andrew Garner fighting podcast featuring Jay Ball a little bit, we like to look ahead in the future. Holloway Oliveira 2. This is a rematch 11 years in the making and it was a weird fight when we first saw him. Many UFC fans are going to remember. Went to take down Holloway and maybe hurt his shoulder his neck against the cage and then kind of collapsed. And then Holloway went for him. Super anticlimactic, kind of weird freak fight. I'm kind of pulling for Holloway. I'm Holloway. Charles Oliveira spotted with FightCamp gloves and trackers recently. We have a partnership with the Full Violence guys and they went out to Brazil. Fellow podcast legends. &gt;&gt; That's right. Just we're on the same exact level as them. They took the FightCamp system out to Brazil, had Charles Oliveira throw on some FightCamp gloves and put in some FightCamp trackers inside his wrists using our technology, which is pretty cool. So I'm rooting for Oliveira because he's on team FightCamp. I'm not. Okay, what what we're going to do here is I just want to respond to some of your questions. No one's asked us any questions, by the way. &gt;&gt; Well, okay. If you have questions this time, please drop them in the comments. We'll be responding to them. Question number &gt;&gt; com- they're comments. &gt;&gt; Question number one is, "Please tell me you guys are going to do one for February and every month." &gt;&gt; We will do them every month for the rest of until FightCamp fires us. Until the CEO pulls the plug. "Nobody wants to see Wilder. From the first fight I saw of him, I said he fought like a girl." That's not us. We didn't say that. But a lot of these comments are talking about Wilder and how he shouldn't fight anymore. Someone said that we might be dating. "Are they a couple? Why he have his arm between his legs?" So next week, if you have any questions, please drop them in the comment section, comments, whatever. We'll be responding to them. That's your February fight recap. I'm Jay Ball. This is Andrew. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. And we will unfortunately give you the fight news next month also.