Kind: captions Language: en As a woman, I feel very empowered since I have kind of embarked on this journey with combat sports martial arts. I can completely empathize and understand with women feeling like it's too intense and feeling intimidated by it to be honest. The trainers, you have Selena, uh you have Charlotte, you have these trainers, Jess, who are very outspoken women who are doing really cool things with their careers, their lives. It's kind of inspiring as a woman, but I also feel more empowered in my own skin. I do at the end of the day combat sports and martial arts are fantastic but there is an element of self-defense right and the world in which we live our anxiety is not exactly going down right I have three young ladies growing up in this world I want them to feel empowered within their their own bodies so there is that element too it's not just a workout this is a form of self-defense and there's a confidence in your own capabilities that comes with that I mean I didn't know how to throw a punch my dad and my brother have watched me like dang like she knows what she's doing she's learned some things right cuz I didn't know how put body weight into it. Just seeing those measurements on the Fight Cam app, I think that's really cool because I can actually see my progress and see how things have changed. I'm not the world's most patient person, so the fact that I could go on immediately upon starting this and have paths and programs and I also like a good award or medal. So, the fact that I'm working towards like these validations of my success, I can get a medal at the end of this path that I'm on, but it's also set up in such a great way that there's direct like here's what you do. You learned this. Okay, we're going to step up. You're going to learn that. I think a lot of people that's part of the intimidation for men and women alike is like, where do I even start? You don't have that question when you start fight camp. I've always been an active person, but I will be honest, I don't always follow through with a certain regimen or activity. I get busy. And again, let's say I only have a half an hour aotment, but I'm used to doing an hourong routine. And you know, that'll throw me off my game a little bit. I still want to be active. I'll do what I can, but I don't always follow through with a certain activity cuz I'm kind of hodge podgeing what workouts I can get in my lifestyle because it's so on the go. Bike camp, I feel like kind of accommodates that. Again, I can squeeze in a 20-minute workout. I can squeeze in a 35minut workout. I was doing other exercise programs. I was doing other activities. I still do them on occasion, but not with the commitment and followthrough. There's something really motivating about the system that Famp has built specifically. Even if I'm tired, even if I'm stressed, even if I've got the weight of the world on my shoulders. I mean, I have hard days at work. Sometimes my clients are going through really challenging, difficult things. I know I need my self-care, right? There's such a thing in my field as vicarious trauma. Sometimes I am traumatized by my clients trauma. I know those days I need to I need to prioritize, right? Again, it's not a want, it's a need. I have to keep that perspective. If I only have 20 minutes because I am tired and because my day has been busy and it's the end of it and I got again dinner and kids and homework and school, I very much can use that 20 minutes to still get a powerful not only physical workout but something that again is really good for my mind and my self-care and just kind of a cathartic emotional processing. I think strength is multiaceted. I think it's as much again grit and mental perseverance as it is physical. But physical is huge. I mean, we've got to take care of ourselves. Again, I am not trying to be the world's strongest human, but I am trying to demonstrate and model for my kids that I am constantly growing. I believe in growth. I'm in the business of change as a therapist. So, I think strength is a component of that, right? That you should be willing to put yourself out there, willing to try something new and learn something new, which I think is partly what the martial art brings to the table that kind of sets it apart. I'm not out there with like a measuring tape, right? Checking on my bicep to see what's growing. Like, I'm noticing in the output of the punches that I'm doing or how many punches I can get in a round, especially if I'm repeating a round I've already taken. I'm seeing the difference. And so, I'm physically stronger. Again, I feel determined. I feel capable. I feel confident. I feel accomplished that I did something I never had done before. I fight for my kids to see what a woman is capable of across the board. Professionally, I put myself through graduate school. I have built a career that I have found great success in. I'm passionate about it. I have built a creative hobby that I'm passionate about. I take care of my physical health and wellness. I think it's priority. I want my kids to see that. Um, boxing and kickboxing again has brought a strength and a sense of capability. Three young women growing into the next generation of this world. I fight for them primarily in almost everything that I do, including my health and wellness journey. [Music]