Kind: captions Language: en I'm Justin Hughes, slayer of all negativity, overcomer of adversity, active mixed martial arts fighter, and a fight count trainer. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I started fighting because I'm from a specific part of Chicago where I wanted to go to a better school. So in order to get to that school, I had to travel to everybody else neighborhood and that get me in a whole lot of fights. So eventually I was like, "Yo, I need to know how to get these hands lethal so I can get home quicker." You know what I'm saying? Cuz the fights was lasting too long. And then when you fight multiple people too and you're getting jumped, you want to uh learn how to be better [music] at beating people ass. So my first inclination in fighting came from getting home safe and then I didn't get to pursue it till I was in college. [music] I was in college. I was uh trying to find places to learn how to fight at. Aaron at this point is a champion kickboxer, y'all. I come in the gym, Aaron's uh training partners are laying on the ground. They all like holding their stomach and somebody bleeding. So then my coach called me like, "Yo, Justin, GET IN THERE WITH AARON." I'm like, "All right." You know what I'm saying? Not knowing what I'm getting into. Aaron's just bouncing. And at this time, Aaron had hair, so he had like a little bang and it was like flapping and he looking like a a background dancer or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of instinct. And he's like, "Hi, I'm Aaron." My coach looked at Aaron and was like, "Hey, Aaron, take it easy. Justin's a beginner." Right? So he was like, "Okay." You know what he just say? And then we come out, we touch guns. First thing, jumping, spin it back, kick to the face. and bam um bling mouth bloody everything picked my hands up and me and Aaron went to war for like a good three four rounds after that bro and we became best friends ever since and I wasn't even a fighter yet I was just learning how to fight but that's again when I learned about myself there it's like you know what this is what it's about and I guess that would be my background I didn't have any traditional fighting background I think my background would be just from understanding what the mentality you got to have in street fighting you know what I mean and bringing that into the ring To [music] me, what I like to teach is that the martial arts is the gateway to your internal identity. It exposes who you are. And when you find yourself, it's [music] like finding your true true true best friend. Every mistake that you make in the cage or in the ring is the same mistake you going to make in life. And when you start noticing that connection and you start [music] filling those holes in the fight game, you start becoming a better person in life. So then I started elevating in life the better fighter I came. So now I'm addicted to the journey. I started out uh in the Golden Gloves. I was in [music] college. That was super tough for me. Um traveling the city. I didn't have a car. I was on public transportation. That was cool. That was fun. I made it to like the semi-finals or something in the in the Golden Gloves. And then I only had a couple of amateur boxing fights before I went to MMA. Once I moved to Vegas, then I was able to elevate my career even more because West Coast is just more of an MMA uh region. Uh now I'm in the middle of uh my fight career. I'm at an even record. Uh most of my wins are knockouts. Uh most of uh my losses come from split decisions. So I'm looking to make the small tiny movements to overcome that and get on the better side and be a better fighter. Now, I have my own personal fitness brand and location uh right off the strip in Las Vegas where I train people on how to be better selves, how to discover themselves, and mental resilience, overcoming adversity, all of that through the martial arts. You can expect [music] some all out rowdy ass, crazy ass, but philosophical ass fun, y'all. You going to get a lot of energy, of course. What you also gonna get is a lot of good insights into how to apply these lessons in the life and understanding that [music] as a fighter, you don't have to get in the ring in order to express [music] your warrior. What you're going to expect from me as a fight camp trainer is understanding mentally how to translate the physical to life. I'm Justin Hughes and as your fight camp trainer, [music] I'm here to give you the tools and techniques for YOU TO FIGHT LIFE BACK. BABY, LET'S GO. &gt;&gt; [music]