Kind: captions Language: en I'm Joshua Wood. I'm from Birmingham, Alabama. Um, I'm a dad. Uh, I'm a father. I'm a husband. Um, I'm a landscape designer and and and product builder. And, uh, I'm a fight camp member. Typically, I wake up between 5:00 5:30 most mornings. Get ready, get out, meet with clients first thing in the morning. Go to job sites, check on things. Sort of my typical routine. I try to get home somewhere midday uh, to get my workout in. do usually do four or six rounds and then I'll do three miles outside uh either running or walking. Sit at my office upstairs, my home office and do some work there or I go out and meet with clients again or go check on other things. So, um that's pretty much Monday through Friday areas. We did pretty much everything out here. We rebuilt. So, we did the fireplace, all the walls, this back wall, all the caps with blue stone, this blue stone patio, redid this um this brick paver walk. redid the steps over here um and uh did the lighting and everything out here. My job is is a lot less physically demanding than it used to be. I didn't start doing what I do. Obviously, I was out in the field building all these things and and and taking care of the stuff, the physical aspect of it. Now, it's more of a mental drive. Uh obviously, there's a physical part of it, too, cuz I work a lot of hours. Uh it's not uncommon for 60 hour weeks and that's kind of what you do during the spring and summer in my business. Mentally it's just always something. It's it's a lot of moving parts when things don't go your way. There's a lot of stress. You're you know again my my job is to bring work in for the other people who work with me to do. If I don't do my part, they don't get to do their part. That's pretty stressful, too. Uh the income to this company is largely dependent on on me and a couple other people that that bring that volume in. It's got to be produced by guys that do way more important work than I do. Uh but it is still difficult. I've been through a a a 18-year custody battle for my daughter, uh who's now almost 19 years old and and that's behind me at this point. It was a driving factor in in almost every decision I made, every everything I wanted to do, every thought I had. uh every night's sleep that didn't happen. That was just I just was inundated and just completely solely focused on how do I get my daughter safe? How do I give her the life that she needs? I struggled with that very much. Uh my wife is a saint because I'm not Oh man, I'm going to get upset. Um I could not Excuse me. I'm not sure that I could have gotten through it. I know I couldn't have gotten through without her, but I'm not sure. At times I didn't think I was going to get through it with her. Uh it was just it was so hard on us because I didn't handle it the way I probably should have handled it a lot of times. I was frustrated. I withdrew. I was incredibly tired, incredibly upset a lot of times and as I am, I mean, just thinking back to it and stuff I had to deal with. My daughter was in a really bad situation and and nobody would have listened to me for a long time. And until she was nine years old, she didn't live with me. And uh she's adjusted and and happy and has the best life now that she had, but she went through some stuff that she should have never had to go through. Um and that was really painful for me to know and not be able to do anything about. I felt so just lost and just so inept and weak and I did not have an outlet for that. I didn't search for proper outlets for that. I didn't handle it well. And like I said, I just I just I wasn't good to my friends. I wasn't good to my family. I was disappointed in myself looking back at that part of my life for a large portion of it. I was so focused on that one goal. What do I need to do? Or what job do I need to do better? Or do I need to take a different kind of line of work so the court sees me as a different kind of person? I'm not just a a dad trying to get a daughter in in the deep south, which is not super easy to do. I was a smoker. I was eating nothing but fast food. I was drinking six, seven, eight Cokes. I didn't do anything from a health related. So, I wasn't taking care of my body. And then I wasn't taking care of my mind. When you start falling backwards, sometimes you can't catch yourself. And it's just easier like I'm just going to fall. I'm just going to let it fall. I'm just going to let it happen. And then you're like, I'm well, I'm not I'm just not going to get up. And that's the way I felt like I just I was trying to lift such a heavy weight that, you know, I got it off the bar, but I couldn't get it back up. I just wish I had known some of the things I know now because I'm so happy with my life and where I'm at now. I I couldn't tell you. But I could have had another 8 10 years of that happiness had I known what I know now. [Music]