Kind: captions Language: en I am Ashley. I am primarily a mother. I have three wonderful daughters. I am a therapist by trade. I have been doing mental health um primarily addiction and trauma services for about 13 14 years now. I am also a photographer. Um that is sort of a hobby turned business venture for me and I own a studio in my local area where I do a lot of different portraiture. I am a huge believer in health and wellness. Obviously, as a mental health provider, I know that there's a very strong correlation between our health and wellness. Kind of a mind, body, spirit connection is um something I've believed in for a long time. So, I definitely believe in being active. I also am a very existential person and clinician. Like, I want to live as long as possible and live as healthy as I can. So, it's always diet and exercise are both very important to me. I've been a single mother for many years. I just know inherently how important it is to make sure I take care of myself. and I also have the opportunity to model for these three kids what it's like to take care of himself. So, it's really important to me that my kids feel taken care of and obviously I'm prioritizing the needs of our home and our family, but I'm also in that mix, too. And I am prioritizing myself because that's not just for me. That is modeling for the next generation that that stuff is important and non-negotiable. A local kickboxing gym had opened actually pretty close to where I was living. I really just was like, let's give it a shot, right? So, I started going to a kickboxing gym. It was great. It was a wonderful, positive experience. I wanted to go, but I didn't always have the time. I didn't always have the child care, which is a huge issue for us parents. Lo and behold, the algorithms of social media fight camp started showing up on my social media. I was really intrigued. I had done other training programs before at home. I had great success with some. I got really involved with some. So, I ordered a fight camp setup and kind of gave it a whirl and I haven't looked back since. It's been a very game-changing experience. It's been really fun to watch it become a regular part of my life. All three of my kids are now involved. So, we do workouts together. So, that's fun because again, whether I'm up by myself before the kids get up for school, I'm doing workouts when they're awake. After school, they're joining in. It's become almost a daily part of our lives. In fact, I do it a lot more than the kickboxing gym or kind of getting out doing other activities at local gyms because it's accessible and it's here. And there's strength conditioning workouts. There's different things that I can do all throughout the day when I have time. As a therapist, I've always recommended physical exercise to my clients for the endorphins just as a part of their self-care routine. There is a whole cathartic experience in being able to work out in this way, like hit the bag, kick the bag, get that energy out. But there is also this this mindfulness. So, that's another thing I'm really big on the notion of mindfulness, the focus you get when you're doing a training program like Fight Camp and they're throwing out combos. You're there. You're in the moment. The daily stress of life is still there. It's looming. You might be processing it, but you have to focus in that moment. And it is actually really nice to come back to your daily life after you've worked out some of that energy. I'm not just spinning or cycling. I'm not just working out. But there is something really cool about the kickboxing um and the mental concentration and focus that's happening there. And walking away after those workouts just feeling very different within myself. Most of my daily experiences have some level of stress to them. Like we kind of exist in a state of stress around here because we just have a lot going on. And again, I have three kids, um, three very big personalities. I think it's fair in my life to say stress is a built-in part of our experience. But then so is stress management, right? Self-care and taking care of ourselves is equally important. I mean, it's it's huge. We couldn't survive the day ins and day outs of our life if we weren't taking care of ourselves. So, that's something I try to promote even within my kids of like we've got to have rest time. We've got to have recharge. We've got to have health and wellness. These things are prioritized pieces of the puzzle. These aren't just wants like when we get an opportunity. We have to do these things. We have to take care of ourselves to sustain kind of the the busy, stressful, chaotic lifestyle we have. It's good. It's worth it. But we've got to take care of ourselves to really be able to enjoy it.