Kind: captions Language: en [Laughter] We're going to continue on sequence right here. We talked about everything here. Breaking the posture, coming up, breaking him down, you know, holding here. If his if his arm wasn't where we wanted it, putting it where we wanted it, you know. So, in this situation, we finally, you know, he's here tucking up like this. All right, we made sure that we were in this drink. I mean, if you can get this, if this arm just comes straight out, that's fine. It's triangle time. You know, we're dealing with someone who kind of he knows what's up. You know, he's going to he's going to do different things here that are going to aggravate me. So, that's why we moved along the sequence. If he makes like big obvious mistakes right off the bat, forget it. Okay, so we're here. We had to have this foot in his hip. That was important. I don't want him just smashing me down. All right, we have this here. You're tightening everything up. All right, we were going for this arm here. Depending if we if we had a hard time bringing this knee straight back, you can you can come here. You can rotate around. Try to get this arm extended. Go here. That's why we went to the arm bar. Okay, we went here for the arm bar, but he's smashing. We rotated here. We talked about a few different situations. One, we we talked about the straight arm lock here, the elbow lock. We talked about if he bails from that immediately. Okay. Now, what we're going to do is we're going to get into the position here where we're struggling with the elbow lock and he turns out to get out this way. All right. Now, with this arm lock, the biggest problem people have when they do this is they pull this arm too far that way and they can't reach. Need to keep this here. So, this cups his tricep here. Okay? Then you reach for the arm. Okay? So, if this thing slides out too far, you won't get anything. You're done. All right? So, we're here. We're we're we're turning in this direction and he he just goes with it. All right. So, I cut the tricep and I grab his wrists. Once again, just like the other one, I'm pushing this down. Now, what I'm going to do here is I'm just going to turn the whole thing. You actually grab your own bicep if you want. It's not necessary. Just hooking as much as you can here. What I'm going to do is I'm not just lifting this wrist this way with the hand. I'm using the arm, my whole body here. Okay? So, don't don't get it confused. People try to do it and they're like, "I can't do it." They do two things wrong. They come through too much. They can't grab the wrist low and then they miss it. Keep this here. Hold here. Okay. And you're turning your body. Okay. So, you're getting it with the help of both arms. Okay. Do not let his arm be tight. This this arm basically this hand just stops him from restraightening it out. Okay. I'm trying to keep this tight as I turn. So, once again, I was here. I went here. I went for the arm bar. He went to stack me. That's why I went for the elbow left. If he does this, I go in this direction. He doesn't. I turn real good. His only way out is here to bend his arm. I don't extend this through so much. I stay here. Hook. This raises. I turn in this direction here. Okay. Shoulder up. Okay. Stretch. [Music]