Kind: captions Language: en [Laughter] Now we're doing this common denominator passing. We're doing the second set. You'll notice too as we go along, it's going to get faster and faster and faster. The clips will probably get shorter and shorter and shorter because you know the movement. It's the same movement. I'm just changing the leg position. So there's less and less instruction required. And that's the nice thing. Okay. So you're getting, you know, three, four, five different guard passes all in one here. So you just all you have to do is really like master one movement and you get a whole bunch of passes. So here what we're going to talk about is uh we talked about in last Xguard. We're going to talk a little bit about daily eva guard here like kind of an exotic guard type or a different guard type. Um this can be you know in any situation sport mix martial arts anything. It's the same thing. All right. So what we're going to do here is you're going to hook underneath the leg. A lot of Dior guard here is very bad like when he's laying down. So that's the one thing I want to tell you about. You could dive here for this, but daily guard is much more effective if he's up here. Okay, usually the guy's here underneath your arm trying to, you know, work toward your back. He really like your back cuz there's no sweeping power on on his back either. Okay, so if you're in this position, you were you got it cuz you were standing on this pass. You want you do want to come down. Okay, you want to start to come down here. It's a little easier to get toward his head. So he's here. Once again, we're going to go worst case scenario. He's working around to your back. This is the worst kind of control for for for for me. Uh typically in the guard, what we're dealing with here is him being underneath my armpit. When tradition traditionally taught here, you're always like, "Oh my god, never let a guy underneath it. You always have to be here." With this pass, what's nice is you don't have to change anything. And it'll kind of catch him off guard. You don't have to cuz this tells him what I'm going to do. All right. Here, it doesn't tell him anything. My knee's already up, which is nice. I'm going to slide right across here when I come over. Same principle. Grabbing a lat. That's the biggest mistake guys are making in here. You're too far away. You have to get in here deep. Okay. Grab the lat hooking leg. You grab or hook here. Uh I'm going to actually show this too on butterfly guard. With these, you may want to hook here because you have to compensate between pushing the leg down and and away. In other words, see hooked underneath my leg. As I go over, he can keep that hook. Okay? So, it's going to be kind of a pain in the neck here. So, he can make it difficult for you. If while I was going over here, if I had this kind of grip, I can push down first to come out. Okay. And then away. All right. So, here I have a good position. Notice how I'm tight here on his face. Moving out. Same as the last pass. So, once again, that that's a small detail here. He could be doing different things with daily guard, too. But, you know, you don't want to be here because if you just push it down here and come over, it's easier for him to slip out. Like, he can to put just put this on the floor. See, now he can come up easier. Okay. It's hard cuz I have his lat and my head's pushing against him, but he has a better chance of using this leg to push off and come up at me. Okay. You can slide this leg out and try to get up. Yeah. See what I mean? So, I'm going to kind of just change that little detail. It's the only thing I'm going to change. I'm going to be able to move the leg up and down. Okay, better control of the leg. So, here once again, I'm here. Notice the detail, the grabbing. Actually, I'll show you the other side. Okay, he's here. Notice this detail. Once again, I can push down in the beginning. My knee is going to hit the floor first here. Okay, it's pretty good position. You have to move his leg however it feels. He's he's hooking and moving. Once again, you probably uh I highly doubt you'll get stuck on this one your foot. So, you don't have to do this stuff. You just slide out, push away. Makes it easier for you. All right. Come through as fast as you need to go. [Music]