Kind: captions Language: en [Laughter] We're going to go off this other movement and I'll show you what really commonly happened. We worked on this escape where we kind of did the rollway thing. We got the the the arm off of the um the head here. So, that was kind of important. We were here and we were rolling this off to the side and then rolling. Okay. And I explained to some of you guys how it can be modified even without the arm. You're just hugging him and you're kind of it's like a hip toss on the ground. It's really, really simple. All right. But here, what commonly happens is he he'll go back. You see what happens is like you could do this clamp and it's harder for him to go back, but he's good. He's going to tear right out of there and say, "Nuhuh." When someone feels themsel being pushed that way or rolled or even if I I went to roll here, cuz I showed some of you guys how you can still just roll without this and roll him over, he's he's going to he's going to withdraw. So, what we're going to talk about is what to do because honestly, you know, you can if if you have better hip movement and he backs up, you know, yeah, you can you can just roll right to your guard. So, a lot of times you can do that, but I'll show you something that more commonly happens. So, when you're here, you can roll and you can you can just just just end up right back in your guard. But I want to get you used to the idea of something different here cuz I've shown that already. So, when we're here, we're going to come all the way up and we're going to continue to grab this sleeve here. And you're just going to go to your knees. You're going to come right to all fours. Not your belly. Do not go belly down. What you're going to do here, some guys like to switch the hand. That's fine. I don't even care. I'm just going to roll right over the close shoulder. Okay? So, I roll over the close shoulder and I end up on the fly right here. Okay? So, let's do it from here. We go through. We're here. And I lose him. I'm here. I come right to my knees. I'm still dangerous as long as I have his arm. So, I roll over. You're still grabbing. I roll over the close shoulder here. So plat. Okay, for those of you who don't know it, just move this way. Okay, you're just kicking this down. Let's say get up on your knees. Let's say sometimes guys will make the space between his shoulder and the floor here. So you need to kick down. All right. Notice how I'm not like holding here. I'm just cupping the elbow to keep his arm in. Stay high over his back so he can't roll. Bring your legs this way. And you sit up toward his head. Real simple shoulder lock here. Okay, so let's look at the finish. Like I said, I like to show to tell you the truth. Like if I was rolling with somebody here, especially with no ghee and they they bailed, like I went to roll and they bailed, I'd probably just roll back to my guard here. I might not get the whole bonnet. Like if I was rolling with someone good like Dan, he you know, he might not let me even get any of that. So I might come here and just just go back to my guard. Forget, you know, but you guys all want to see a crazy submission. So, here we go. We're here. Crazy submission. See your knees here. Boom. He doesn't go. Roll right over in this position. I got the Elmo PL. Okay, let's try that. [Music]