Kind: captions Language: en Martial arts can genuinely change a child's life. &gt;&gt; Really helps my physical and my mental health. &gt;&gt; I really wanted her to learn martial arts so that she could defend herself. Being a parent and especially having a daughter, I really wanted her to [music] learn martial arts so that she could defend herself. I also wanted her to grow up with confidence and learn values of respect and discipline. And martial arts gave her all of that. What I love about martial arts so much is getting to learn and improve every day. I like to get better and see how much progress that I've made. And I really enjoy being on the mats with my teammates and my coaches. And I love all the friendship opportunities that martial arts has given me. &gt;&gt; I think martial arts can genuinely change a child's life. It gives them the confidence to stand up for themselves in the face of adversity and and deal with challenges like bullying. really helps my physical and my mental health and I think that that's what helps me through school with friends and [music] just with my day-to-day life. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, at least once or twice a year we make the journey from Scotland to Singapore. I think it's 11,000 miles or so. We do that because the level of training that Ne gets here is is amazing. She's welcomed. She's she's so well looked after. For any parents that are considering enrolling their children in martial arts, but unsure, what I would say to them is don't hesitate. Just do it. Enroll them in martial arts. It'll be the best thing that you do. Your child doesn't have to be the best at it to do it. It's there's so much more to martial arts than just winning medals or winning trophies. It will develop them as a person and it will teach them skills that are so valuable. It will carry through the rest of their life. and those skills will make them the people that they are both on and off the mats. &gt;&gt; I think training alongside and with so many world champions and world champion coaches, it really inspires me and I think my dream would be to be part of the evolve [music] fight team one day to maybe even be an instructor here and in the process of doing that to inspire other young female athletes like me.