Kind: captions Language: en If you've never done Muay Thai before, please come here. Hello, my name is Emily. Um, I've been living in Thailand for 12 years. &gt;&gt; I'm Lolita and I'm a Thai-American dual citizen. &gt;&gt; So, I've been doing Muay Thai for like on and off around 2 years, but since I started Evolve, I feel like the teachers are very, very professional. I've learned skills that I've never even learned before in the last 2 years, so I feel like I'm now improving the techniques and stuff like that. So, I'm really happy here. &gt;&gt; And same, I've been doing Muay Thai for about on and off in the States for a year, but the classes in Thailand are just literally like on a different league. &gt;&gt; So, what I love about um Evolve is the fact that it's like in the main part of Bangkok, which is in Phrom Phong area, and it's in um EmQuartier, EmTower, and I love the view like and I feel like I'm in like the city doing like such good sport, you know, it's amazing. &gt;&gt; I'm totally with you there and I I love how you can just get like a little bowl of tea and there's air conditioning in this gym, which is my favorite part of this gym and you know, that's that's priceless to me. Yeah, and I also feel like the gym is so clean as well and I can shower and then go to work after um instead of going back home, so that's also a very good positive for me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like a second home here. You can do everything you want. &gt;&gt; really lucky to have trainers like who are like won championship um and also we've we're going to go to Sam-A's fight as well on the 11th of April, so I'm really excited to see him and him in action, you know, not just a teacher, but actually as a fighter. So, yeah, I'm really excited. I feel like people are maybe scared to come as a beginner because they're like, "Oh, no, everyone's professional or whatever." But to be honest with you, I feel like they start from beginner here and they will teach you slowly, like they won't rush you. So, you don't need to be scared. If you've never done Muay Thai before, please come here. &gt;&gt; Such an extremely judgment-free zone here. I feel I feel so safe. &gt;&gt; We love Evolve. Everyone can enjoy Evolve MMA EmQuartier.