Kind: captions Language: en going to start uh this evening's breaking news for you because Chris Eubank Jr. against Connor Bear will be broadcast on Sky Sports box office. The fight dubbed Fatal Fury will take place on April the 26th at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Let's go live to Las Vegas and join Andy Scott. Good to see you, Andy. If you can tear yourself away from poolside for just a moment for us, that would be wonderful. Um look, you witnessed uh the press conference last time, didn't you? Involving both the fighters. Can you remind us just how much is at stake here though? Well, it's difficult to put a figure on it, isn't it? Uh the legacy of the two names alone, Eubank and Ben, the two fathers, Nigel and Chris, were locked in that uh rivalry uh many moons ago now. And I think for a long time people felt that the weight difference between the two sons, Chris and Connor, would be too great. But here we are in 2025 and in April we will see it finally. Chris Eubank Jr. and Connor Ben will lock horns if the press conferences are anything to go by. I mean it's going to be explosive. There's a a huge amount of bad blood between the two uh for a number of different reasons. They don't like each other anyway. And I think Eubank Ben, you're never going to get on. But obviously there was the reasons behind the cancellation first time around back in October 2022 when Connor Ben uh failed pre-fight drugs test and the fight was uh cancelled. And now we've all seen the pictures, haven't we? They finally got it on and when they came face to face, Chris Hubank Jr. had a a carefully pre-planned uh attack on Connor Ben when he smashed an egg on the side of his head. that's cost him £100,000, which is a an eyewatering amount of money. But it it kind of did the job that Chris Eubank Jr. wanted it to do because it went around the world, didn't it? I don't think I've ever seen so many clips from a single face off or head-to-head, and it's got everybody talking, so it's had the desired effect. In the ring itself, they're they're probably um different fighters with different styles. I think that's fair to say. Eubank Jr. is naturally the bigger man who's campaigned around middleweight and super middleweight his whole career. here. Connor Ben stepping up in weight from 147, but he has had a couple of fights at 154. And there is also this hotly debated rehydration clause as well, which means that Chris Eubank Jr. can't put on more than 10 pounds in the 24 hours after the weigh-in. So, uh, it's very, very intriguing. But to answer your your first question, everything's at stake for these two. For the winner, I mean, they can move on, can't they? I think we we think it's a two-ight deal, but for the loser, it's unthinkable. You do not want to be in that position, I would say. I I don't think Chris Eubank Jr. could live with losing to Connor Ben and I don't know how Connor Ben is going to live with losing to Chrisy Bank Jr. Yeah, and Andy, you know, well, we we sometimes have to hype up a fight, don't we, here on Sky Sports. We don't need to hype this one up at all. These two, as you mentioned, for all those reasons, their their father's rivalry as well back in the '90s. For all those reasons, these two really don't like each other, and this should be a great fight, shouldn't it? I think you're right. I think there are a number of rivalries that we've done through the years that you you feel that when all is said and done, they will shake hands and probably be great friends. you just don't get that impression with these two for all of the reasons that you listed. Yes, the the legacy of the names and the fathers, but if you think about how much time went into that first fight and time that was wasted ultimately uh that they can't get back with all of the the mud that's been thrown from both sides now with the two press conferences that were explosive. I think we've all sat down and watched the two of them on Piers Morgan as well. There are so many layers to this. They don't like each other for obvious reasons, and I don't think they're ever going to be on each other's Christmas cards lists. But the best way to sort a rivalry like this, the best way to to settle it is in the ring, isn't it? That's where ultimately it will be settled uh in April at that magnificent Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. I can't think of a bigger rivalry in British boxing. You could argue AJ Fury if one day they decide to do it, but Ben Eubank will be synonymous with the fans of their fathers, but also with the modernday fans of of Chris and Connor as well. So, it it really does span a couple of generations. It really does have everything. And I think actually more than anything, for all of that that I've said, the fight itself, Connor Benny's ferocious and Chris Eubank Jr. is explosive. So, what a what a powder keg. Should be indeed. I would say have a nice day, but I think that's a given given what you've got behind you. Enjoy yourself. Thanks Andy. Uh let's now speak to Matt Mackling. Now I dare say he hasn't got a pool behind him uh to get your thoughts. No, as I thought. Matt, always lovely to see you. Um look, let's start with this one. The rivalry between these two is pretty epic, isn't it? Um we've seen a bit of bad bad blood already. What do you make of these two? Yeah, I think that that it's a natural rivalry like you say. I think that stems from the rivalry between their fathers. You know, Ben Eubank was just um the biggest rivalry ever in in my I remember growing up getting into boxing. I was probably 8 years old when they fought the first time up the road from me at the NEC in Birmingham in 1990. And uh I just remember everybody talking about that fight. Um, I mean they were both, you know, superstars and I I guess because they had each other, you know, you need a dance partner in boxing and they had each other and they couldn't have been more different personalities, different fighting styles. So, they were literally the perfect rivals, Matt. Who do you think's got the better so far of the these early exchanges? Who do you think's got the upper hand, if either? I mean, I think Chris Eubank Jr. has um achieved his purpose. He has um he has royal uh kind of Ben. He's he's irritated him. He's got him to lose his temper. He uh he's definitely winning the oneupmanship, if that's what you want to call it. Here we we see him just kind of going him in, luring him into a full sense of security, setting him up for the the the egg smash. And then of course, you know, Connor naturally, who's quite an an emotional kind of high energy guy anyway, loses his head, temper completely gone. Probably feels like Eubanks tried to mug him off publicly as well. Um, and he's just lost it. So, I think Eubank Jr. has achieved his purpose. But at the same time, I think it probably works for Connor Ben, too, because he's that type of personality. He wants to be fired up. I think he uses the anger and the uh the disdain for Eubank to really motivate him to push him in training and I guess you know push him through the hard rounds of a fight. Look, you know what it's like the the pressure of these fights particularly in the buildup to it. Um is that is it the person that handles that the best we'll see the the best version of in terms of going into that fight? Yeah, very much so. We say it regularly on Sky when we're commentating on boxing when people on their ring walks. It's all about having the fire in the belly but in the mind because you you need that passion. You need to know this is the biggest fight your life everything what it means to you to motivate you to dig deep to rise you know to raise your game to the standard. But also you don't you can't allow that to overwhelm you and run away with yourself and get too emotional get too invested because one you'll burn up a load of energy. two, you won't make the right decisions. It's all about just staying cool, calm, and collected, and composed amongst the chaos. Matt, where will this rank, do you think? Because we love a British grudge match, don't we? Um, and the fact that it is at Tottenham Stadium as well. You know, could this be one of the biggest ever fights, do you think, we've seen in terms of fights on British soil? Um, no, not in terms of the the the wider landscape, the significance in the boxing world. I mean, you've had, you know, two Brits fighting for world titles. You know, Lewis Bruno, uh, Ben Eubank the fathers fighting for world titles both times. Uh, Watson, Eubank, Watson, Ben, uh, even recent times, AJ Dubois, you know, the heavyweight championship of the world was on the line. So, you know, this this doesn't have that sort of level of significance in the wider boxing landscape. But what it does have is is uh name recognition, huge profile, massive media attention. both guys uh you know they've got huge profiles everyone wants to see this fight which does stem from the natural rivalry of both their fathers so in terms of you know media attention and and the capacity and people tuning in to watch it on television talking about it hype etc then I would say is right up there with any fight we've ever seen definitely Matt we had um Harlem Eubank in the studio yesterday he said this is a mismatch you know he was just sort of obviously telling us that Eubank's going to win it as well Eubank Junior um but how much of an impact will that weight limit be have on this fight do you think? Um it could be significant. I you know I I understand where Harlem Eubank is coming from. I think if this fight was a few years ago I'd have probably agreed with him but by the time he's undefeated and Eubank Jr. hasn't looked as good re in recent performances as what he did a few years back, you know, naturally he gets old. And the the the young man um the athletic attributes that he had which served him so well, his chin, his stammer, they were probably his two best assets. Obviously, they dwindle as you get older. And uh I don't think he he's I don't think his punch resistance is what it was. And uh naturally, his stamina will won't be what it was. and also coming down in weight, going up in weight, coming back down to weight, making uh 160 lbs, the middleweight limit, I think will really hurt Chris Eubank Jr. at this stage of his career and of his life. Okay, interesting. Um, just finally then, who wins it for you? Timing is is is key I think in the fight. We don't there's there's lots of unknowns. One being Ben, can he carry the power up to middleweight? um you know he's had a couple of fights up at super welterweight you know the weight between welterweight and middleweight he hasn't you know hasn't been as dynamic um you know and Eubank Jr. What has he got left? These are two, we don't really know the answer to these. So, I think you've got to say Eubank Jr. is a pretty strong favorite, but um I was speaking to Nigel Ben at the press conference at Tottenham Hotspur and I thought I better not sit around him too long because his confidence, he was that confident that he almost swayed me. You know, it's very infectious when you've got someone totally believing in themselves or their son um who cannot see any other way but them them winning. Um, you know, it can be, like I say, contagious, infectious, whatever.