Kind: captions Language: en I can welcome our next guest. Uh I'm delighted to say we're joined by another heavyweight fresh off a dominant win over Dave Allen. It's Arsenal back Mmudov. Good to see you Arsen Beck. &gt;&gt; Hi guys. Hello. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much for coming on because I know it's the early hours uh back home. Um are you still confident that Anthony Joshua will honor his word and fight you in 2026? Is that still the hope and do you think it can happen? Yes, that's that's question you have to ask AJ not for me because I'm ready I'm didn't work I came to UK win this D Allen and by the way we spoke already with the before fight I mean with AJ he give me like promise we going if I win this fight with the gonna fight with me that's why this just waste response from AJ Joshua when we fight I wait for you and um ready for you it's it's everything perfect like UK fans know me uh I show my good performance in the last fight and now is uh just uh to answer question is when is we can do fight uh with AJ that's it &gt;&gt; he's talking about uh hopefully for British boxing fans a fight with Tyson Fury in 2026 but Eddie Hearn's promoter has come out and said Anthony Joshua would like a warm-up fight. Do you think that that's a mistake if they would regard you as a warm-up fight? &gt;&gt; Yes, I don't think so. You know, like in in in a top division, you can do like warm up fight, but I mean for uh for fight for come back and for uh check your performance and check your like everything. Yes, it's good. It's perfect fight for him and perfect fight for me. Uh and like I said, we have a good uh uh story in in amateur. He lose two guys in European championship in world championship. I win beat this two guys. We have a similar story and find interesting for for fans and it is for myself you know. Uh we have same age guys, we have same tall, we have same weight, uh we have like couple of last uh last lose you know and that's why it's it's perfect to fight right now what we can do in in heavyweight division. Yes, &gt;&gt; we have seen you know I think pretty much any heavyweight can be hurt but we have seen that he he can be hurt. Do you think he could stand up to the lion's power if you land? Do you think you could knock him out? Yeah, that's why we have to do fight for see this who can u who can going to stay who can can win who can going to do what he can do that's why we have to do fight to check this uh all this stuff you know because u he have good uh this boxing this that's why boxing tracing have good some stuff I have good some stuff that's why we have to check who's better like a boxer who's better like a puncher who's better like Yeah. Uh he can can take punch, you know, everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, we're seeing some of your career knockouts here and they are pretty ferocious. Can I can I leave you with this Arsenal Beck? Did you enjoy yourself when you were here in the UK and would you be willing to return uh to fight Anthony Joshua? I mean uh you can also add maybe a word on Dave Allen as well. I think you made a friend there as well. &gt;&gt; Yes, Dave Allen. I this guy great great great champ great great boxer uh to be honest he was so impressed me not think not just me he impressed all the world because he's a chin that's not normal I think he's real iron because he never was in his career was down you know it's really impressive and uh I was so happy it was was my first visit in UK fight UK I was so excited I was so happy like I said before fight, yes, everyone was against me. But um I said, "Listen guys, after fight you're going to love me guys. You're going to love me guys." And now I see like people real a lot of people receive like message me. They they like because UK fans, the real fans and they appreciate boxing and not just boxing and personality, they know they feel everything, you know. That's why if no, they going to love me. That is really nice to hear. I think I think we would concede. You know, we might boo you into the arena, but we cheer winners out and we appreciate good fighters. Thank you so much for for joining us on Sky Sports News and enjoy the rest of your day and uh hopefully we'll see you soon. &gt;&gt; Thank you guys. Bye. See you soon. Bye. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; He He's a ferocious looking gentleman and I'm a coward. But can there be anything more ferocious than you fighting Mike Tyson and just you know you will forever be known uh I think for the domestic heavyweight you fought everybody and won a Brit but also the guy who took on Mike Tyson. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you also had the sponsorship on the bottom of your boots as well which I think is part of the story. But how ferocious was Tyson? &gt;&gt; Very. &gt;&gt; Yeah. uh you know um it's difficult sometimes we we're seeing obviously pictures now and you know it's it was that thing for me that I tried to meet him in the middle of the ring you hit me I'm going to hit you back &gt;&gt; that was that's the plan and you have to be and I tried to get his respect &gt;&gt; but he was at the end of the day he was just too good you know &gt;&gt; yeah I don't think there's any shame in that either because he you He is uh above boxing, isn't he? Everybody knows Mike Tyson. &gt;&gt; You know, I say to people, I tell people the story with me and Mike is that I'd been boxing maybe 3 years when he won the world title in ' 86. I might have been boxing for about 3 years as an amateur. um with no thought of ever becoming a professional fighter and um yeah he and then obviously it was 14 15 years later I'm actually stepping in the ring with him so that is a journey in itself that was a journey in itself and to get there and and I I I say this to people people ask me was I scared was I scared of him no the thing I was scared of was losing And that's um as a fighter I think um we we as fighters we go through that thing of we don't want to lose. But I didn't care that it was Mike Tyson. I I I cared that um about beating the guy and I went into the fight as a champion. I was the British champion. Um and I wanted to I wanted to prove that I could could fight and beat this guy, but he was just too good. Yeah, there's no shame in that. Will you give me, because we're tight for time, 30 seconds before we go, from a man who's been there, seen it, done it, and got a wardrobe as big as all the t-shirts he can fit in it, you know, to a young guy who wants to get where you went, what would your advice be to Matty Harris? &gt;&gt; To focus. Be focused. And and Matt knows this as well. We've we've spoken briefly. Um, dedication, discipline, desire, the three Ds, and we we spoke. So he knows this and he knows the journey that he wants to take and that he's on. So um and I'm like I look at him and I was I was actually very impressed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I was actually and and you know I I should take more notice of these young up and cominging guys. So &gt;&gt; different different areas. You can't watch them all. What what I like is like &gt;&gt; he was nodding along cuz you're still a big guy. Like I think whatever you said we were all going to listen here. I watched them mic you up earlier. Everyone was just like okay he can still do it. Listen, it's been an absolute pleasure having you both in today. It really has. So, uh, thank you to Matty, Julius, and Arcelen Beck as well for joining us today. Don't forget to download the Toeto Toto podcast for more extended interviews and analysis. We'll be back next Tuesday with more special boxing guests.