Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to our boxing chat on Sky Sports News. I'm Andy Scott. I'm delighted to say I'm joined in the studio by the newly crowned IBF light middleweight super welterweight champion Josh Kelly and he's esteemed trainer Adam Booth. Thank you both of you and congratulations to you Josh. What is it two weeks now uh since &gt;&gt; dream night or a couple of weeks isn't it since background malev in Newcastle. Have your feet even touched the ground yet? Have you started to uh realize what you've achieved? I mean, it's been eight days, Andy. I'll correct you, but I think so. But um or eight or nine days, but yeah, it hasn't sunk in yet, but I think when I receive that title and I'm able to see it and look at it and say, "Yeah, all the hard work's been worth it." It'll um it'll sink in. But I just can't wait now to get back in that ring and perform again. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can have a bit of a joke. I mean, we we hoped we would see you with your IBF belt, but I think IBF rules are that he takes it home and and you've got to wait for yours to be sent in the post. So, &gt;&gt; well, hurry up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I hope the postman hurries up with her cuz I've been waiting. So, yeah, I can't wait. &gt;&gt; What was it like on the night? Um, one of those &gt;&gt; great nights, you know, if you scripted it that way, you know, you dropped him, but you had to get up off the floor yourself against what everybody thought was this monster in Mr. Alivv who nobody really wanted to fight where I think a few people inside your team gave you a really good chance, but I think the general consensus was as good as Josh is, he's in deep and he'll have to really pull it out the bag. I mean, what do we know? You know, what do people know? You absolutely um box brilliantly. I mean, talk us through what we're seeing here on the screen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was just watching it there. I got I got them five flutters back. Um we were working on this shot during training camp, so it was good that it come off uh the jab off the reverse one, too. And obviously that wobbled this one, I'm not too I'm not too happy about this one. The first time I put my hands up in the fight and I get clocked. But &gt;&gt; may I jump in there? Do you think there's times in the past where had that shot landed um if there were any doubts they would have come to the surface and you proved not only to the rest of the world but to yourself that in that moment that you can do it. You can get back up off the floor. &gt;&gt; I think I'm I think I already knew I had that in us. It was just given given us the moment to show and try to and and sort of dig through it and have that experience. But I always knew I had in. Obviously, it was great that on that night on the special night for a world title fight, I showed everyone I'm not just skilled. I can get up off the floor and win and keep it together as well. &gt;&gt; Let's bring in trainer Adam Booth. I want to ask you about the game plan, but twofold as well. You two have stuck with each other through the good, bad, and the ugly. And there's that saying, isn't there? Roy Keane says a bit saying in boxing, if you want loyalty by a dog. Um, you two have stayed together and you've achieved the dream together. So, what does it mean as a fighter and trainer relationship? But also on the night itself, how well did he execute that game plan? &gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, I mean, it's it's the most satisfying thing that I can compare it to in that I've done in boxing. On the night, he was pretty much perfect. I thought for the first eight rounds, he was faultless. Makes one mistake in round nine and pays a heavy price for it. Um, but that's that's the brutality of this sport, but also why everyone is glued to it. It was a very tense night because everybody knew the power that Muralv brought. But I know how tough Josh is. I know how skilled he is. He's the most talented fighter I've ever worked with. But he's got the toughness to go with it. And on the other Saturday night, he proved to everyone what we always knew. May I ask you, it's not for fighter and trainer to come out and justify scorecards, but um certainly from some prominent writers in the sport, some state side. There was a little bit of uh focus on Steve Gray's final round 10. And the argument was, well, had he scored that in favor of Mr. Alivv, which presumably some writers thought, he would have retained his title on a draw. Arguably, you've got enough on your plate. You don't score the fight, you don't ref the fight, you don't judge the fight. Um but what have you made of those comments? to think background mural and his team have written a six-page document to the IBF requesting that they examine it and an immediate rematch. So, what what what have you got to say? &gt;&gt; It's it's a shame. I think it's a bit of saltiness. They're looking for any sort of technicality to try and put some form of objection in, but they've got um our comprehensive reply to it. It's certainly within the rules of boxing for a referee to score a round even, regardless of what people feel. One judge scored that round for Josh, one judge had it even, and one judge had it for Murali. So, it was a close round, but it's within the scoring protocol for boxing. So, it's it's a bit baseless as a as a an argument, but I certainly don't want to give it too much air because we're just busy celebrating the rightful winner. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, let's spend the remaining air time that we have the future now. I mean, you have a target on your back, but also you bring the belt to the table. So, who, what, where, what do you want to do? This is your platform to call them all out. What is your number one preference? &gt;&gt; Number one preference is getting that fight back at the stadium alive. I think we can sell that place out. I mean, the city on a whole as the football and now they've got the first world champion ever to come from Sunderland. And it's not just I wouldn't class them as fans. Like I said before, the friends is I look out to the crowd. I see people I went to school with. I see like there was crazy. &gt;&gt; This is this is the moment I'm surely that you've dreamt of. &gt;&gt; I mean I actually got I never really I never get emotional. I started crying off the just being c I've cried like a couple of days in a row of different things in different moments. But that then was crazy going out the stadium and I was spotting people who I used to go to school spotting f and then people who I didn't know were coming up and everyone was behind us and sunn's from the ground up and that's where I come from from the ground. I've come all the way at the top. So to get a big night back there at the stadium light would be it would be a dream come true for me. &gt;&gt; Well on the podcast today uh we've actually spoken in depth about the plans and and Adam Booth gives some great insight there. But we have received a message from WBA and WBO world champion Xander Z. So have a listen here Josh. This is what he's had to say uh to you today. &gt;&gt; What's up Kelly? I heard you're in the studio. I'm waiting confirmation from your team. We already reached out. Hopefully we can make it happen by June or July. Let's welcome you to America. &gt;&gt; So great to see another champion. Let's let's, you know, strap season. Let's make it for all the belts. But you're very adamant uh or very keen. There is a stadium there in the summer you could bring him here. But is there an American dream there? If it had to be America, would you go over and fight Zas? Is it about what makes the most money? &gt;&gt; I mean, at the end of the day, a kid from my city headlining the stadium is is the dream. But if if we had if we got pushed forced into that corner, we had to go to to America, then obviously I'm a fighter. I want to fight and I'm not taking an easy easy volley defense next. I'm not going to unify titles against a young hungry champion and who I rate and respect. But to be honest, I think I beat him. I beat him in America. I beat him at the stadium alive, preferably at the stadium light. But we'll soon see. Things change very quickly in boxing, don't they? Josh Kelly standing there now talking about headlining stadiums and we're not laughing because it's a reality. One thing I want to put to you there, champions chase champions. You said that one of the business things in the sport of boxing is commercial value. I think we could debate it but Connor Ben does represent huge commercial value and there is nothing like uh a domestic matchup. Would you entertain I'm looking at you Adam Boo as his manager as well. Would you entertain discussions with Connor Ben or are you prepared on Sky Sports News to sort of say he's not in our top three, he's not in our top two? &gt;&gt; Met with Eddie the other day and two names were discussed and that was Xanderas and Connor Ben. We know that Connor Ben brings immense commercial value to the fight and that's what he brings to this fight. Josh is the world champion and you know this is a business. He's not just a sport, but Josh needs to secure his future. And so, of course, we would entertain the conversation of a Conor Ben fight, but I can't waste too much time on that because I genuinely don't believe that Connor would want that fight. And so, I've made, you know, no bones about it, that champions don't chase challengers. Champions taste chase the glory and champions chase champions. Xander Zas for three belts in the summer. Now, he keeps saying, "I'll welcome you to America," which is lovely. I'm hoping he's got a passport because what he needs to bring to the table is 45,000 fans, which we know Josh and Sunderland can. So once the conversations start to get deep and I'm delighted that he's joined us and he and he's and he's saying that he's accepting the fight, um Eddie Hearn is the man to make that fight happen. We know that. And Josh now doesn't just bring the IBF championship, but he brings a whole city of people that will turn up at a football stadium. So, let's see how the conversations play out. I love that fight. Josh loves that fight and and it's why we're here. It's why we're in this sport. We got about 30 seconds to go. They said use it how you you wish. I'm trying to make friends here. So, why don't we talk about Sunderland uh in the Premier League? Back in the Premier League. I've got it written down ninth in the league. Would you have taken that at the start of the year? Is European football still on the cards if you can finish the season relatively uh strongly? &gt;&gt; We would have bit your hand off of that to start the season. Um a lot of people thought we might have been struggling to stay in the in the Premiership, but as we've proved and proved time and time again, when you go back to stadium alive, it's hard to get a win. That's why I'm saying this city is one of the greatest cities in England. Like you come back to stadium, I think we've never been beat at the stadium this year. So it just proves how good we are and how the home support gets behind people. Um fingers crossed we stay in a good position. Obviously we got a runner matches coming up. We've just played Arsenal which was a hard away game. But I think um we can stay steady. I met the guys. I've watched them train and um they seem locked in. They seem on point. So I can't wait to follow follow the journey. I'm streaming the matches all the time wherever I am. Always traveling and when I get back to Sun I'm always at the matches. So I can't wait man. Hopefully we can get them get them all back there at the stadium late in the summer and we'll do a real big red and white party there. &gt;&gt; Listen, we're out of time. I'd love to have spoken palace with you, Adam, but we're out of time unfortunately. So, don't hate me, you know. Don't come for me when we're off. Uh, that is all we've got time for. Thank you so much for coming down and congratulations again. If you want a more extended interview and analysis, don't forget to download the toeto podcast wherever you get your