Kind: captions Language: en against Connor Ben will be broadcast on Sky Sports box office. The fight dubbed Fatal Fury will take place on April the 26th at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. And to get more on this, we can speak live to Johnny Nelson. Lovely to see you as always, Johnny. Hope you're well. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. We've got it. Yes. Yes. Yes. I thought that was just you seeing me there, but no, it was about the fact that we've got the fight. We are all excited. You're going to be in the buildup, aren't you? you know, right in the middle of this buildup. How excited are you for this fight? How big is it to you? It It's probably big because in a bad way because I'm old enough to remember their fathers fighting each other, which is really bad. Uh uh but but either way, uh the apple doesn't fall very far from the tree. And the way this has gone so far, the buildup, the animosity between both fighters, it's it's it's it's playing out real play. This isn't faked. It's not pretend. It's not like these guys are going to be best mates once this fight is done. Again, it's I suppose it's like seeing a couple argue in the car park and you don't want to look, but you're looking. This is real. This is a real uh a real argument. It's a real fight. And there's every there's every excuse, every reason is there's everything you you you choose one over the other. Now, this what Chris is doing right here, he knew exactly what he was doing and he knew exactly what he's putting on the line. He knew exactly that they were never going to pull this fight off because we the public want it. And now it's going to be on Sky. Do you know the way they're going to have access to everything possible that we see the public will see. But these two here, I I like them both. I I was a massive fan of of Connors until his his his career. He stumbled. Chris, I like Chris because you know what? Chris doesn't care. Chris is like, I'm just going to be me just like his old man. And for these two to get in the ring, I think there are so many arguments why one would beat the other, but I think it's going to be an absolute sellout. Um, and one of those fights that you could put anywhere and it um, you'd hear the rumblings left, right, and center. Did do you think that really rumbled Connor there with the egg and everything, what do you what did you make of all that? Did Did he lose it a little bit? Is that what we witnessed there? Well, um, I I think anybody get an egg tracked on their head, uh, regardless of the embarrassment of it. Yes. They're going to be a little upset. They're going to be a little upset. And so uh and and the animosity between them both already to do that to humiliate him like that. That's why security will have to be there whenever these two are in a room together in fact in a building together and say they so they understand this. This is what I'm saying. This is real. I know I know sometimes the public think now it's all fake to solify. This is real. Uh and that's why sometimes the the insults to dig in. It gets personal. It goes beyond the these two guys fighting each other. They're talking about their families. They're talking about personal issues. And that's when you know, ooh, there's no coming back from that. So, to see how this fight plays out, I think it'll be more emotion um uh than tacticked uh when it comes to the fight. And that's why I'd be surprised if the first six rounds are not an absolute rumble. Oh, I can't wait for it. Um it will be great. Um, look, in terms of handling this, you know, because you know what it's like, that buildup to a fight. Is that where you can sort of get one over your opponent a little bit before you even meet in the ring, do you think? Uh, yes, it is. But the difference between between these two is they both have a massive ego and they both have uh unbelievable self-belief and they both have a family name to protect and stand over. And now these things might not mean anything to the people. But you know when these two were there, okay, when they first should have boxed and Connor said, you know, I spoke to Chris and said to Chris, you know, uh, you know, we'll get you like when Chris, we've been we've never spoken. I'm not playing your game. I'm not dancing your dance. And so, you know, for Chris is not playing a game. Connor is angry. He's upset, but he's naturally that kind of kid with a chip on his shoulder. He want to fight you in a phone booth. And that's why Chris is the kind of guy, just like his dad was with Nigel, that will always wind up Connor. His his small intelligence, the way he he'll he'll control the time when he wants to deliver a sentence and tell you about yourself. And and and and Connor is just like biting at the bit, thinking, "I'm having you. I'm going to get you the second I get my hands on you. You're some one piece Morgan. You thought they'd behave themselves a little bit. They were having none of it. Security was the best thing they could do with these two. keep them between them until the first spell goes. Look, you mentioned, you know, people of a certain age, I'll put myself in that category with you, will remember their dads fighting. I mean, it was pretty epic, wasn't it? What we were witnessing back in the ' 90s. Is this going to be right up there in terms of what we've seen on British soil in terms of boxing matches in regards to public interest? Yes. In regards to uh attraction, yes, I was at that fight. Uh I was at that fight when his dad boxed Michael Watson. my boss on the underord so I know the kind of attention it brings. Now the next question is oh their father's going to turn up. I'm quite sure Nigel's going to turn up. I'd be very surprised if Chris turned up. I saw Chris a couple of weeks ago in London. He he wasn't turning up then and so I don't know what will change between then and now. Um and so but for these two the argument has already started why one would beat the other. the they even though the one even though people say it's not worth you know uh uh being at Tottenham you're gonna watch because the tickets have gone the tickets are like hot cakes I can usually get tickets anywhere I'm working the show I can't get tickets this is how big this part is they've gone like honestly it's just they're just gone that was going to be my last question to you uh could you get me a ticket look in all seriousness though you talk you talk about senior Eubank um would that add a little bit more something to this fight if he were to turn up like you say Nigel's going to be there for sure. He's in Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s corner all the time, but could we see Eubank Senior come to this? You know what? I'd like it. Uh um but I you don't know what goes on behind closed doors between senior and junior. You don't know how how uh what the relationship is like. Will it be a distraction for for for Junior being here? Junior said, "I'd like my dad to come." uh senior, you know, he's he's he's not want he's he's he's nailed his he's nailed his flag to the master and said why he doesn't want to go. I think the fight itself will be so tempting. He'll he'll definitely watch his son fight. He'll definitely want to see how the fight turns out. I'd love him to be there, but I tell you one thing, both fathers are there. No matter what persona they've got going on right now, emotion, they will not be able to control it and it will stir more emotion. What about the weight? Because you know we watched them there you know you can see uh Eubank is a lot bigger isn't he and and I had actually Harlem Eubank said that this is a mismatch in terms of weight. What do you think about this? Is it a bit of a mismatch? Do you feel you know what um on paper? Yeah. But in reality you know people say you know that the the the rehydration clause that's not fair to to to to Junior. And this is part of the argument why why Chris Senior is saying look this is this fight shouldn't happen. Just remember Junior was in Junior was in the driving seat when it came to negotiations for this fight. He got the purse he wanted the agreements and everything. He got he signed and sealed and he said I can do that. I can do that. He said in even in negotiations he said give me a figure. I gave him the figure. He said yes straight away and he thought damn I should have said more. So he got everything he wanted. So, in regards to your rehydration clause, I'm quite sure it'll suit um Junior uh because otherwise he wouldn't have agreed to it. In regards to the the the the uh from Connor's point of view, he says he doesn't talk about jumping up to two weights all the time. He's not making a big deal of it, but actually does. If you look at the interviews, he always mentions jumping up two weights. Regardless of that, these two want to get at it and you'll see the weight difference come into play after six rounds because the speed of Connor being the light natural light of fire will will be his his will be the best thing for him. But then as the fight rolls on and both fighters slow down, the natural weight the natural bigger size in in junior will will take advantage. That's when we'll see if the weight difference make a makes a big big difference. Two in one for your final question then. There's got to be a rematch clause in this one for sure. Um, and who wins it? Um, I would have said Connor Ben initially and the reason why I don't say Connor Ben is because he's been enacted for the last 15 months and his career is, you know, his development time has has really suffered because of what's happening behind closed doors uh in his in his in his career. Um, I I'd have said Connor Ben. So, I'd have to lean towards Chris for what reason? uh because his last fight I didn't I wasn't impressed but but he's been more active. He's been busier and so therefore you've got to lean towards I would lean towards Chris for that reason. If if Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s career had carried on the way it carried on then I'd say Connor I could because I think he was one of the fastest developing fighters I'd ever seen uh in the UK at that particular time. So, I just think that time out I think we've lost an important era time period in Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s development as a fighter. All right. Always lovely to talk to you. I'll leave you now to go and get my tickets for it. Thanks ever so much. Been an awesome one. Right. Confirmation then I junior against Ben live from the Tottenham Hotsour Stadium will be live on Sky Sports Box office on April the 26th.