Kind: captions Language: en There's probably a couple of links there in terms of um great communicator that can speak to the common man. Uh someone that's in a hiatus of their own at the moment. Uh someone who who's a big heavyweight, Tyson Fury. We're still asking you about Tyson's future because according to Frank Warren, you know, he's a very happily retired man with his slippers and he he's not coming back. I wonder what conversations you've had with Tyson and Frank and you know, you've seen it all if you genuinely believe that Tyson Fury is happily retired. I think Tyson Fury owes it to himself and his family uh to remain happily retired. Not from life because I believe he has a lot in front of him because he is a good communicator and he is an entertainer. But I don't think he should step in the ring again because I think he's had enough. And fortunately, uh, he's in the last few years of his career, he earned so much money that no, his family or him himself is never going to want for money. And I would advise him not to ever go back in the ring uh but to make himself uh useful as a spokesperson uh because he can communicate extraordinarily well. People are intrigued by him and uh uh I think he can do a lot of good. I suppose one of the big surprising things and this is coming from a very UK ccentric point of view but that fight against Anthony Joshua seemed closer. You know they had both spoken about it. He had expressed his desire to do it. So to leave that on the table and walk away I know it's his prerogative but I think that that's where the big surprise comes from um that he would he would leave it on the table and walk away. Well, as you know, I'm not a Brit. So, I'm not as fascinated by a Anthony Joshua Tyson Fury fight as a Brit may be. So, it doesn't move me that he's walking away from boxing and walking away from that fight. Do you think there is an active fighter that would tempt him back? No, I don't think so. But I don't know. I don't know. Tyson is a very outward kind of person. Uh, you know, he uh communicates well and he reaches out and he expresses what he thinks. But that being said, uh, do I really know what deep down he's going to do? No, because I don't think he really does. If he did pick up the phone and he said, "Look, Bob, I want to come back." Would you support that? Not for me to support it or condemn it. You know, he's nobody is forcing him to do anything. And if he wanted a comeback and he wanted top rank to be part of the comeback, of course we would uh be willing to do it. That's up to him. I mean, he's not like an uneducated, stupid kind of guy. Tyson Fury is very, very smart and very bright. And if he decided to come back, nobody would be forcing him to come back. It would be somebody who decided of his own valition to come back. And uh if he wanted us involved, uh I would happily be involved. Just two more brief ones before I let you go. You you know heavyweights. I always enjoy talking about every weight division with you, but I'm always intrigued what you think about where the heavyweight division is at the moment because ultimately I think everything filters down from there. We think that Usyk has probably got two fights left. Um there's a Dubois fight announcement around the corner. Uh there's Joseph Parker that we don't quite know where that's going to fall. What do you make of the heavyweight division at the moment with with Usyk Dubois Joseph Parker? Well, I think the heavyweight division is strong because uh other than Usyk, uh these other fighters have tasted defeat, but yet they've come back. I mean, particularly Joseph Parker. I mean, uh he was considered to be finished, washed up, not not uh ever to be a top contender. And look at him now. I mean he is a top contender. Uh and Dubois also everybody thought that he was finished and yet uh people are talking about him fighting uh Usyk again. Uh so again, you know, uh these heavyweights now uh are so talented and so big, not like the old days where you'd have one one or two that might be, you know, tall guys, but now they're like basketball players. They're all so big and they're strong and it's fun watching them. So, yeah, this is a good era for the heavyweights and uh I think we're going to have an interesting fight that I can't wait next week, a week from Saturday, we have uh Gito G Vanella uh fighting uh Richie Torres. And that's two great, you know, good young heavyweights uh fighting each