Kind: captions Language: en He knew that he couldn't handle the pressure of, you know, walking these UK streets and having people shouting out drug cheat and egg jokes. He didn't want to be involved in any of that. So, he took himself away. He hid away. And um you know, now he's back and now he thinks he can use me to kind of get back into the good graces. You know, I haven't fled. I haven't hid away from anything. I've been in these streets. I've been to gyms all over London over the last two months. I've been and spoke to kids. I've done all the media obligations I've needed to do around the country. Um, I've felt the energy uh on the on the streets of the UK over these last two months and um it's real. you know, people are invested in this. Um, you know, any everywhere I go, people are screaming. Um, and most of the time it's positive, which is it's it's a new thing for me. I'm still getting used to that. But, um, you know, I am happy with the place I am at mentally. Uh, I don't think Connor can say the same thing. I think he's feeling the pressure and the heat. I think he's feeling that and he's going to feel a hell of a lot more in a couple days time. If the procedure is to be parliamentary, Connor, what's on your manifesto of what happens? And and in response to Chris, are you feeling the pressure? No, no pressure. You know, I live for this. I've had the fight over 100 times in my head. You know, for me, it's just focusing on the training. You know, removing myself from my comfort zones, my f familiarities, my family, and, you know, fully dialing in. Um, you know, I'm not going to lie myself to Chris and go back and forth and, you know, all that PR is done. Um, I'm excited to get in there and put my hands on him Saturday night, irrelevant of all the rubbish he wants to talk and and you know, names and, you know, we're not at school and come Saturday night, I get to put me hands on him. You will be at school on on Saturday, my friend. I'm taking Well done. Well done. Well done. You very at school. I'm going to be the headmaster, my friend. Very. Yeah. and you will be in detention. You are funny, Chris. You make me laugh. Just focus on getting away off, fat boy.