Kind: captions Language: en Now, Joseph Parker and Fabio Wardley will clash in a huge heavyweight battle on the 25th of October with both men currently holding interim world title belts. Parker remains the mandatory challenger to current undisputed champion Alexander Usyk, but there remains question marks about the Ukrainian fighter fitness. So, we can now speak to Parker about his upcoming fight and plans for the future. Great to see you, Joseph. Thanks so much for coming on the show. Um, so look, I don't need to remind you. You remain the number one contender to the WBO heavyweight title. Why have you accepted this fight against Wardley? &gt;&gt; I've accepted this fight because uh been waiting for a while and I'm I'm just keen to fight. I'm keen to fight everyone and anyone. And Wardley uh accepted the challenge and it just shows that we both uh we're both hungry to prove ourselves that we are the best in the world. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um now I want to ask you about Alexander Usyk. you and your team have any doubts about Usyk's fitness or or perhaps a desire to complete the mandatory defense against you? &gt;&gt; I mean um we have seen video circulating online um with his dancing and um he is meant to be injured. So listen if he is injured may he recover as fast as he can so he can come back and and fight one of us whoever wins this next fight. But he's uh he's know he's he has been busy and he deserves time off with his family. So in terms of the Wley fight then, is this about making a statement? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I want to go out there and put on the best performance and first you have to put in in work in camp, but I'm looking forward to the challenge of what Wley brings. I know he's everyone says that he's got the power to to knock everyone out. So I want to, you know, I want to test that and see what I can um bring to the table as well. &gt;&gt; Joseph, what do you think about the heavyweight scene at the moment? Do you think it's in a healthy space? I think it's in a great place and uh to be um you know ranked in the top five in the world. I just want to you know I want to fight everyone that's in the top five top 10 in the world but I think it's in a great place and you're going to see new heavyweights come on on the rise. You're going to see old ones still giving it their best and I think it's um there's a lot of big fights to be made. &gt;&gt; You talk about new fighters coming in. Let's just look back at some old because I wanted to ask you about Mike Tyson's exhibition fight against Floyd Mayweather. Do you think, you know, there's been a lot of chat online about it not being safe for Tyson to get involved at at his age? What's your thoughts on it? &gt;&gt; My thoughts are that Mike Tyson in his prime was a beast and he was a great fighter and achieved a lot of champion of the world. Um, but I think at the age that he's at, he should I don't know should leave it alone. It's uh it's one of those things. Boxing is a sport where he can really do some damage. And even though it's an exhibition, it can it can cause um him problems, but you know, he's he's his own man and he's decided to take the fight. &gt;&gt; You obviously have a long history with Anthony Joshua. Can we get your take on his potential fight with Jake Paul? Now look, if that does happen, can that change your opinion on AJ at all? Uh AJ listen he's he was a he was a great champion when he was champion and if he is serious about boxing and serious about still being involved in the sport at a top level that fight doesn't make it any sense at all. Um Jake Paul has done well you know to promote himself and and saying that he's one of the best in the world but if you look at it he's not really a real boxer you know he's a YouTuber coming into boxing and he has done well but if AJ wants to be serious then he has to fight the the top fighters in the world. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um and just finally Joseph um wanted to ask about your canceled fight with Daniel Dubois. You are at different points in your career of course but if the right circumstances were to arise is that something that we might see the fight that we missed out on last year. &gt;&gt; We have unfinished business but um I need to get past Wley first and then we can talk about every other fight there is. &gt;&gt; Great stuff. Great to talk to you. Thank you for joining us. We wish you luck and we speak to you soon. Thank you very much.