Kind: captions Language: en Alexander, good to see you. Good to see you. How are you? I'm doing good. I'm happy to be here. Good, good weather. Yeah, I want a rice and duck and vegetable. My team not give me. Why not? I don't know. Because, oh, listen, you must work now. Sky, Sky Sport, Sky blah blah blah. I say, okay, no problem. Okay, I'm h I hungry. Very hungry. Mhm. Rematch with Daniel Dubois. Yeah. At Wembley Stadium. How do you feel about that? I feel good. Uh listen uh when I start my uh career when I signed contract with professional team. Yeah. Uh I said big big rooms a lot of uh people. One man say, "Hey, listen. You start start your career boxing in KF. Uh this don't have good uh TV and a lot of people not watching you." I say, "Hey, listen. Two maybe three years I go to Showtime and Sky Sport. First uh first TV all on the world." Hey, we'll see. will see it's not possible say it's possible because I want to I want to work it is a possible now I will be boxing to ham a lot of people Sky Sport HBO a lot of TV I very happy I very happy God give me give me chance uh uh I take brighta take I take this uh the Thank you so much. Your English is so much better. It's incredible. So, congratulations. And uh Thank you. It's brilliant. Can I ask you about the first time that you boxed Daniel Dubois? So, he has said Alexander Usyk knows that that was not a low blow. What do you mean? He says that it was a good body shot. Yeah, I know. I know. Listen, it was in the past. Now I have new fight. I live now. It's a present. I don't know what's going on in the in future. I don't know. It's not only Jesus. Uh for me doesn't matter what was in the in the past because it's in the past. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Thank you so much. You uh you was you was great today. Listen. Uh this this punch uh was bad. Maybe uh like a bad this when uh when go to up fist uh maybe photo you know fixation pam I don't know it is not my problem. referee uh make situation like this is not referee. Okay, thank you. Daniel say hey I win bro you not win win win win win win win win win win win me okay okay we have new fight doesn't matter just wait today he pushed you uh but you gave the three signal is that three time undisputed that's what that meant yeah this is uh first uh signal is Ukraine Ukraine free I'm undisputed. Okay. How many more fights? Two. This one. One more. Yeah. I think I think two. Yeah. Real uh real fight. It's like a boxing, not freak fight because I want to make uh freak fight maybe after two, three years. Now I have just uh two fights. You may not have seen it because you've been busy doing media. Before you go, Tyson Fury has released this video of him training. Uh, you think he's coming back? Do you care? Listen, unpredictable. Tyson is unpredictable man. You know, Tyson training, Tyson good made with family. Yeah. child. It's a great time. It's a great time. I don't know. I think uh maybe we do free fight with Tyson Fury without belt. No problem belt. Just fight. Just fight in the ring. Uh Tottenham, Wembley. No problem. Are you