Kind: captions Language: en Two-time heavyweight world champion Anthony Joshua knocked out YouTuber Jake Paul on Friday night. For more reaction, we're now joined by former world cruiserweight champion Johnny Nelson. Johnny, great to see you. Good to see you getting in the festive spirit. That's what we like to see. Um, first of all, overall, what were your thoughts on Friday night? &gt;&gt; I'm I'm that embarrassing dad to my kids. I wear this everywhere over Christmas, so they've got to get over it. Uh, they're going to mind when they see this. Uh, Saturday night, what what they think Friday night? I think um Anthony Joshua couldn't done have done anymore. When you get in the ring with somebody that is constantly trying to just survive uh and run uh you can't do anything about it. Our sport is built up of of journeyman like what Jake Paul did. He's trying to survive. He's not trying to engage. And so therefore it's your job to cut him down and catch him up catch up to him. I think uh Anthony Joshua is it was basically open to a lot of criticism because this guy didn't come to engage. If he came to engage then it would have been a completely different story. I understand the frustration of the general public when they're saying they should knock him out in one two rounds. I get that because Jake Paul is being brilliant at annoying and getting under the skin of everybody which you really in our sport if you can evoke emotion from the fans you've done you're doing a great job. So so what Jake Paul did was got in the ring I think he realized the task in hand when he stood there in that 22 foot ring. He sees an Adonis of a fighter, former world champion, uh, uh, Anthony Joshua in another corner. And that's when reality hit fiction. Everything he had in his head, everything he thought that he he could possibly do and disappeared. Slipped out of the ring with a second with the corner men slipped out of the ring and he thought, "Wow, this is for real." And even a little jab that just just gently missed him. You could see him thinking, "What is this about?" So, it was a case of survival. And and to me, I I didn't want Anthony Joshua to knock him out if I'm honest with you. I thought, you've got to make this kid have a reality check. And that's what he actually did because Jake Paul himself said, "I was shattered. You know, this guy you everything I thought I could do, I couldn't do." Boxing looks so easy on the TV. Boxing looks so, you know, matter of fact, no big deal. Until you get punched and then reality kicks in. And Jake Paul, he has done a brilliant job of promoting himself, promoting this fight, promoting the the the the evoking human emotion. And I think he'll be a great promoter down the line because, you know, on the undercard, you had Carolina Bars on Underard. You had all these amazing fighters on the undercard. All the girls getting the chance to shine. And and again, you know, I thought, well, you know what? You're doing your job. You've got everybody talking about you. Everybody I came across, they're all saying, "I hope he gets knocked out, this, that, and the other." And I smiled. thought Jake Paul, you've done your job. You've got people talking. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you spoke about it there about it being a bit of a reality check for him. You know, he did spend most of the fight either running or falling over. Left, of course, with a broken jaw as well. Do you think that reality check will hit him? And, you know, can he consider himself a serious boxer after seeing the way he performed there? &gt;&gt; Well, I'm quite sure talk is cheap and he'll say, "Look, at least I did it." And and really in reality, even though it's a big ask, most people would have done it. Uh but but then the reality kicks in. You think, "Wow, really? Do I really want to get in there with Anthony Joshua?" Jake Paul did this on a world stage. So everything he said he'd do before, every all the bragging and boasting, all the promise that he made to himself, you know, now he's going to feel what normal fighters feel, the embarrassment, the uncomfortableness of and of of the reality of what actually happened to him. So will he think he'll ever get to that level? No, I don't. Uh do I think he's a a domestic level fighter? Yes, I do. Uh, and I I think now when he's shouting out all these bold requests about I want to fight Anthony Joshua, I want to fight Canelo, now he'll think long and hard about it. So So he's got himself into a position where he can generate that interest to to get the fights on, but but in reality now he's just shown his level as well. and to get your jaw broke in two places, you know, it wasn't the night he was he was running on adrenaline, but now, you know, the days after coming into Christmas, not being able to eat his Christmas turkey and and uh his jaws wired up and he's thinking, "What was I thinking? What was I doing?" I'm quite sure he'll try and find another string to his bow, maybe connected to boxing or something else. But what he's done, you know, he went in there and he had a reality check and it was a serious reality check because in reality, when he got hit, he didn't knock him out. uh he had the choice to go down like as if to say, "Ouch, that hurt." You know, and and and if you're a fighter and you choose to go down, then it's hard for you to deal with. You get knocked out, you get knocked out. But he thought, you know what? I'm tired. This guy's hitting me. It hurts. And and that really hurt. I'm out of here. And that's the lesson I wanted him to learn for Friday night. I wanted him to learn, you know, you cannot play boxing. You can play any other sport. Boxing is far too dangerous. It's the only place you can legally get killed. Uh Anthony Joshua was hard on himself but as I said I sp his bullet up of journeyman try you know to to to survive to run and survive it's hard to get rid of him. He eventually got rid of him &gt;&gt; and there was talk before the fight Johnny that this actually could be dangerous. There was talk as well that it has done damage to boxing's reputation. What's your take on that? &gt;&gt; No I don't believe that. Muhammad Ali did it with a I think it was a a a wrestler or a kickboxer or something like that in his in his career. People don't even remember it. I think it's it's bigger news now because Jake Paul uh has got the audience and look what he did for Anthony Joshua. Now people know who Anthony Joshua is over in America on a massive scale and and Jake Paul's open a massive fan base uh and interest of uh of people's stakes are because you know I had friends that were over there and they said I'm going to watch Jake Paul fight. He's fighting a guy from England. That was it. And so and that that that was in America. So, so, uh, so now AJ's got himself in a good position to to be well known and, uh, lift his profile a little bit for the for the latter part or the last part of his career. &gt;&gt; And you, you mentioned it there, Jake Paul calling out Canelo Alvarez as well. Do you think that's one that will happen? &gt;&gt; No, I don't. I don't. And if I'm honest with you, I think when he was supposed to fight Javvante Davis, I never thought that fight happened. I know Davis had in is having issues outside but realistically why would that the fight could have still gone on and um and it didn't I don't think tickets were selling so so he got in there and got in with Anthony Joshua tickets sold in a heartbeat this guy's got to back up the votes would it happen again could it happen again no I think he's shown his level uh but money talks uh money talks and that's just how it is would he do it again I don't believe he he'll he'll bite off that much again I think he uh he's got to be smart with who he picks and how he goes about his career moving forward if he stays in the career of boxing. &gt;&gt; What about the Joshua perspective then, Johnny? How much credit has he come out with after this fight? And of course, there's all this talk about Anthony Joshua, Tyson Fury. Are we going to see that fight? &gt;&gt; Well, creditwise, I don't think it enhances his career whatsoever. Enhances uh but it's no enhanced career. You know, he learned nothing about himself or maybe regards to Tyson Fury and the and AJ fighting. We've had it every year. You know, it could happen. It could happen. Unless I hear it out of both fighters mouths, I will not get this. And it's our wish list. It's what we want to see. Why wouldn't we? It's the biggest fight in the world right now. And neither of these guys have got a world title. It's the biggest fight out there. But until you've got one fighter, just one of them saying, "Yeah, we sat down and we've got a deal done." I don't believe it. I think it's hot air. And and and remember, they announced this the morning after Gasev beat Pula for the regular WBA title. And I think that was to try and squash that news and try and steal the headlines. And so it's a great wish list. Um I think um I'll just don't get carried away with it. &gt;&gt; Johnny, it's always great to get your insight. Thank you so much for joining us and a very merry Christmas when it comes. &gt;&gt; Ho ho ho. See you later.