Kind: captions Language: en Well, welcome to Manchester where we've just had a pretty explosive press conference here chaired by Hall of Fame promoter Frank Warren who's putting on this magnificent heavy impact card we're calling it on April 5th. And it really is a tremendous time to be a domestic heavyweight. Oh, it is. I mean, Britain is take out Usyk and we're the center of world heavyweight boxing. All our guys have come through. When I started out in the sport, I look back then, some really good fighters, you know, you go back to Henry Cooper, Joe Bugner, all those, you know, big big names, legendary names of the time. But none of them won a world title. And it was all Americans. Look at it now. It's all Brits. It's all Brits. And whoever Usyk fights is going to invariably be a Brit. 95% of them are Brits, all the top heavyweights in the world. And we're blessed with them. And we've got a great card together here which is going to deliver some spectacular spectacular fights. Yeah, I mean, I did I'm calling the top of the bill Dillian Whyte against Joe Joyce, but Lawrence Okolie, Richard Riakporhe, and David Adeleye, Fabio Wardley, any one of those guys you would think that the jump between domestic level and world title level is not far. And the reason I I link that is because it's just days away now until we all depart for Saudi Arabia. Daniel Dubois, he walks with a new confidence, he talks with a new confidence. I just wonder that win against Anthony Joshua, the difference that has made to It was one great night, but the the kick on from that now, he seems like he's found a whole new confidence. Would you agree with that? And the Hrgovic fight and the Bakole is he's progressing on and he was an underdog. And his last four fights including Usyk, he was the underdog. And he's upset the odds in three of those fights. And as you say, 27 years of age, he's matured not just physically but mentally. He's showing what he's all about. And he's in a fight, first time for the last in five fights, he goes in as a favorite against a former world champion in Joe Parker who has who is on a roll, a big roll at the moment. So, this fight again is going to be something extra extra special. Yeah. It's It's the two form heavyweights outside of Usyk you would think. May I ask you though, I've seen the the build-up show and you know, it is always going to follow Daniel Dubois around that Joseph Parker and his team, Andy Lee, they they picked up on that point again, you know, you have quit in you. I even feel bad using that word because I It's almost a curse word in boxing. Daniel Dubois, I wonder if people are making this mistake. They they pick up on that point from years ago and they stay with it. Is that a concern? Miller did, Hrgovic did, and AJ did. They all said the same thing. And he stopped them all. All of them. Stopped them all. Done it in style. And come from about behind in a couple of those fights. You know, against Hrgovic, you look at those first three rounds. I mean, it was a tough three rounds to get through, but then he gritted his teeth and showed what he was about. And it's the same the same with AJ. I mean, going into that fight with AJ, AJ was on a roll, he had some good wins, crowd was behind him. From the very first bell, he was the governor. Interestingly you mentioned Anthony Joshua, you and Eddie Hearn are good pals now, but he sort of said, you know, AJ can jump straight back in with the winner of Dubois against Parker. I wonder if you have a a feeling on that. Well, Derek won a an eliminator for the IBF title, Derek Chisora, last Saturday. So, he'll have something to say about that. It's there that you know, first of all, he's got to get through a tough fight on the 22nd in Riyadh against Parker. That's no that is no walk in the park. That's going to be a tough fight. If he comes through that, he's got a lot of options, but what he wants, the big fight that he wants, is the rematch with Usyk. Very controversial fight. Those four minutes in that fight, you know, when he hurt him, I thought it was a legal blow, but I'm not going to go into all that stuff, but he hurt him. And he give him a problem. He probably give him his toughest fight he's had. And you know, for me, I think he can beat him. I think the form he's in now, I think he can beat Usyk. That would make him undisputed, obviously. isn't it? That's what it's about. That's what That's what this heavyweight thing's all about. I mean, we're putting on some great heavyweight fights. You know, you had some fabulous fights last year, some of the best heavyweight fights of the 21st century. And look what we've got here. I mean, this is something extra extra special. These are good fighters. Delicious Zaurie making his his his debut on on the same show, you know, that's brilliant. We've got Fabio up there. We're going to be announcing his fight soon. We've got so many good good heavyweights under our umbrella. And the And the it's just a renaissance for heavyweight boxing. One man that's probably brought the heavyweights back. Now, he was sat next to you in this very arena on a Saturday night, so you must have been prepared for this. You had a conversation with Tyson Fury who looked tremendous shape, by the way. He looked really well. What was the conversation? What did he have to say? And at any point did you talk about the future in boxing? I asked him, I said, you know, what's it like wearing the old slippers around the house and that. And he he's happy. He's in a good place. And I didn't talk about boxing. I'm not doing that. If he Whatever he's I'm happy if he's happy. He's been a you know, it's not just me boxing business. You know, he's a friend and I want him to be happy. He's he's I mean, look what he's done in the game. Gone to the other guy's backyards. Won world titles, spectacular fights, great fights that he's had with the trilogy of fights that he had with uh Wilder. Brilliant fight against in the Klitschko's adopted backyard doing a job there. Some fabulous fabulous fights. Great fights with Usyk. paper in between it as far as a lot of people are concerned. Really good paid really good really really good quality fights. The two best heavyweights of the 21st century. He does He's done everything you could ask of him. And more importantly, come back from a terrible place when he had when he sort of fell off the the fell off a cliff, didn't he? You know, with the the boozing, the drugs, the problems that he had, suicidal thoughts. To just just get over that, that was that was life defining for him. And the boxing thing gave him that gave boxing gave him that drive, that focus to get his life back on track. And he's done that and he should enjoy the spoils of his labor in the toughest of all sports. If he comes back, he'll come back. But for me, I just want to see him be happy. He deserves it. Yeah, great message. Thank you very much for joining us. So, massive card for you April 5th, but of course for us, we'll be seeing Frank out in Saudi Arabia February 22nd for Triple D, Daniel Dubois takes on Joseph Parker, but that's just one of X amount of fights. We've got like seven top of the bill quality fights, so take your pick.