Kind: captions Language: en I'm quite sure it's a common response, Ali, for different reasons. Not for just his prowess in the ring, but how he he spoke, how he how he presented himself as a black man at that time. You know, there was nobody, nobody even given the platform to speak out that never mind speaking like that on TV. Oie was that guy that had had your attention. Ollie was that guy that made you sit up and love him all over him. Marley was that guy that that nine times out of eight 10 backed up the boast. Um so um yeah, it's got to be Harley. Do you remember when Limpy Christie, Carl Lewis, um um uh Johnson, they all lined up in the 100 meters final? The best 100 meters final I'd ever seen. And it was probably nine black men on the line. And it to me I just thought you your heart was beating as though you were running 100 meters and and it was just one of those races you thought wow you know and and this there there's two events in that in sport that always capture a nation's attention even if you're into it or not which is a he a heavyweight title fight or the 100 meters final. Uh, and mine was was that, you know, watching all those lined up. There's a picture it pops out. Go on go to go to to Google. You'll get you know the picture I'm talking about. They're all there ready just like start off. Boom. They're there. And it was a pure line of powerhouses. Every single one of them. These guys to me. I will never forget that race. It was like 10 seconds of just pure genius. Unadulterated genius. was a rainy summer's day in Leon and I'd been in in the gym sparring with Fabris Tioso, former world lightweight champion. I was his sparring partner. He's literally paying me £100 a day to to beat me up. But every day he couldn't beat me up. I was holding my own to the point where his corner man's like, "Back off, back off." And so I'm pulling the shots and I'm not hitting him when I can hit him and and I'm thinking I can hit this guy when I want to the point where I'm like nah he's having it and I'm beating this guy up and then to the point where the corner his corner man put me said right three rounds out you go if he asks you to train tomorrow do not train. I walked out of the gym, came out the gym to go back to the bed seat. I was staying at across the road from the gym and uh and uh there's a beautiful woman in a stretch limousine outside and she waved at me. I thought it was me on her way back and um I heard a voice behind me say, "See you tomorrow, Johnny." And it was Fabric and his wife was waving to him. I didn't realize that. And um and I saw him getting this chauffeer driven limousine and they drove off into the distance and I'm stood there looking at this chauffeer driven limousine drive off with the two of them little white pool on his lap and I thought what is this all about? You're scratching about you're getting paid a day as someone sparring partner to help improve him. You're beating this guy every day of the week and he's just driven off in a stretch limousine and you're staying in a dirty little bed sit there. This is my Eureka moment. It means to me that people of color getting recognition and it's not to reach out to getting recognition. People of color actually saying, you know, I actually believe I can do this. I've just told you a story about my that that moment for me is about validation for oneself. If you don't love yourself, you're never going to believe anybody else does. If you don't believe in yourself, you're never ever going to believe anybody else does and what no matter what your alle is. So now it's a stage where you've got people of color where they think I can do this and I don't need you to tell me, but if you want to celebrate it, that's fine. So me winning the world title was my biggest accomplishment because I was a kid that left school with no qualification. I wasn't thick. I just had to learn in a different way. So then once I started to get it and start the penny started to drop my biggest accomplishment was winning the world title because I did it against all the odds against I've been a winner, a loser, being a sparring partner working for everybody around the world. They beat you up for money and you've got to survive in South Africa, in Germany, in Frankfurt order, in East Germany, all the places you don't want to see as a black man. I survived there, came out and learned a hell of a lot about myself and about human nature. So to end up being a world champion, that's my biggest accomp accomplishment. Within a few years of being professional, I was boxing for world title. Me boxing for world title. Four years in total from amateur to pro boxing for world title. And so I drew and it was a terrible fight. But I drew. And that I drew because I was a boy in a man's body that I didn't believe myself. But the the the best thing that ever happened was the response from the public. It was horrible. I realized how human nature can be so fickle. I realized how you can believe in somebody if this ain't enough. I realized, you know what, Johnny, you got to grow up here. And so that was the best thing that could have happened to me because it could have destroyed me. It was the darkest time. And I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy even now. But looking back, I'm the glad it happened because it made me the person I am today. so important that young athletes, young black athletes, male and female, uh they look at me and think he's done it, so I can do it. Because when I do talks, when I talk all over the place and I I tell my story, I want them to look at me, think I'm smarter than him. I've got a better start than him. I was I was at my at my stage in life, I could have done this. So then they see themselves better than me and they look think, well, if he's achieved that, why shouldn't I achieve more? My job is to inspire them to think I want to achieve more. Not the same as me, achieve more than me. And and and so and it's not just about doing the doing the job doing the sport. It's about having the mental capacity of dealing with all the the jungle that you're in. You're going to get distracted. You're going to you're going to tell people you can do it. You're going to tell people you can't do it. People that you love, people that you you think are on your side, they're not telling it's not coming from a bad place. They just don't see what you see. So when they're telling you can't do this, they're only saying it because they can't see it. If you can see in your head, if you can conceive it and you can achieve it mentally, you're going to understand the negativity can come in all shapes and sizes. And it's not all coming from a bad place. Some people are just coming from a place they know, they recognize, they understand. Some people are coming, it's coming from a negative place. If you want to set set a a precedent, you've got to do it from your place.