Kind: captions Language: en Richard, Rick, Ricky, more like a rocky story which led to a roller coaster of fabulous nights taking a downto-earth lad from Hyde to Vegas and into the boxing hall of fame. With those spine tingling blue moon ring walks and rip roaring action, Richard Hatton, MBE, was both a sporting icon and a workingclass hero. Growing up in boxing with the spiky blonde teenager was a pleasure and an absolute riot. In and out of the house, the gym, the pubs, the clubs. how we rolled with him. He became a member of the Sky Sports family and we really felt part of his. He never ever turned down an interview or a photo and his wicked humor made him even more infectious to be around. Ricky Fatten. His love of KFC, not UFC. 15week training camps, 12 rounds war, 12 to 15 pints of Guinness. Once upon a time, Richard was not good enough to play for his beloved Manchester City. He was an absolutely shocking carpet fitter. But boy, could he fight. Ray and Carol were at boxing shows everywhere, bringing both Richard and Matthew through the toughest of sports with our brilliant cameraman Kaney. Many an evening we had at the Hatton household. Even when Rick moved out, he'd always chuck us his front door keys. "Make a brew," he said. "Make yourself at home." Nothing was a problem. Richard was a star young amateur, lifting an ABA title amongst many medals. But it was when he turned pro in 1997 that the show really began. Trainer Billy Graham told us he was the most talented youngster he'd ever seen. And promoter Frank Warren was then to guide him expertly to major honors. There was Billy's infamous body belt along with Bobby Rimmer, Kerry Kay's, Mick Williamson, Paul Speak of course, and a support from a cast of fellow fighters, Steven Bell, Paul Smith, Matt Mlin, and many others, including of course his own brother, Matthew. Even Jamie Moore and Anthony Farnell always seemed to be near. Both United fans and largely in other gyms, but they all loved Ricky. Frank and Sky were there from his debut in Witness. And I remember him driving me around a few weeks later in an old banger. I asked him if he thought he would ever change when success came. He said, "Adam, whatever belts I win, just take them all off me if people think I'm too big for my boots." Ricky was at his happiest playing darts down the local with his mates like the duck. It was his love of a pint and a fry up which meant the nation fell head over heels. His popularity simply eclipsed everything. Most notably when more than 30,000 descended on Vegas for that huge clash with Floyd Mayweather before we even had social media. The hitman's mix of technical ability, aggression, and lethal body shots lit up boxing. Yes, he could get badly cut like in his British title win against Jonathan Thaxton, but this just added to the appeal and he got out of trouble with those venomous attacks which meant increasing crowds and huge events. Ricky turned the Manchester Arena behind us into his fortress and he united this city. Which other blue could have had Wayne Rooney carrying the belts? Liam and null did. Half of Corey wanted to. Half of Manchester, you, me, we all crave being ringside and for that night after. Ricky also inspired generations to come. I've seen them both here today. Anthony Crawler, Dalton Smith, and others watched as kids high in the stands on Hatton fight nights. And we all remember the early hours of June the 5th, 2005. when Ricky dethroned Costa, forcing the pound-for-pound king to retire after 11 pulsating rounds and lifting the world light welterweight title, etched in fighting folklore forever. Rick promised me he'd be at my wedding the week later, and with Tenneref parties planned, I had my doubts. But of course, he was there. And I'm sure many of you will have similar personal moments and memories looking through all the unprecedented outpouring of love. An American venture against Luis Kazo gave Ricky world titles in two weights. And after that stunning KO of Joseé Luis Castillo, the hitman was unbeaten in 43 when he met Mayweather in a fight for the ages. The buildup was insane. The fans drunk Vegas dry, but the defeat rained hard on Ricky. Rick felt he'd let you all down. And that breaks my heart because he was an incredible fighter who won 45 times with 32 knockouts on some of the biggest stages. Ricky took the defeats to Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao hard and he was open about his mental health struggles. It's brilliant to see the Ricky Hatton Foundation launched this week. He became a promoter, a trainer, and a sensational afterdinner speaker. Rick was so generous in giving of his time to family, to friends, support to charity, and guiding young fighters, particularly his own son, Campbell. And it is Campbell we think of, Jennifer's beloved daughters, Millie and Fern, granddaughter, Laya, all the family, Carol, Ray, Matthew, Jenna, Jack. I know all of everyone's family. We stand by you all today, all of us, and going forwards. Ricky Hatton's memory and legacy will live on through each of us, a warrior and a legend. And no, my friend, you never changed, and that's rare. Ricky was always Ricky, relatable and liked by anyone and everyone, the people's champion. I will forever love him. His fights, his friendship, his fun, his adoration of life. We all will. What a ride it was. There is and only ever will be one Ricky Hatton. An incredible eulogy, Andy, from Adam Smith there. Someone who, as you heard, lived and breathed every single step of the Ricky Hatton journey, whether it was as a fighter or later on in life as well. Delivered, I mean, fantastically well. Such a tough thing to have to do. So many difficult moments to come to terms with from that service. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you imagine how difficult it is to stay neutral in in our job, but I think, you know, speaking for Adam, I hope he doesn't mind. He he ended up loving Ricky Hatton. loved him and he he gave a great eulogy to be fair and um the eulogies were very very powerful. Ben, I have to be honest, the the two girls uh Fern and Millie were pre-recorded. Campbell stood up and more power to Campbell found the strength to do it. Um if you shut your eyes, it sounded like Ricky and if you opened your eyes, he looked like Ricky and he gave such an emotional address to everybody that was there and you could hear a pin drop. It was immaculately observed. Um, and I I did make some notes from from Carol's tribute which was which was read out for her and she just ended with these words. You know, hopefully our son has found eternal peace. That would be our final wish and I think everybody will echo