Kind: captions Language: en So, Eddie Hearn, what is the situation with Anthony Joshua fighting Tyson Fury? Is it on? Is it off? Is it potentially about to be on? Yeah, it's never been on. And that's why we're working behind the scenes to try and make it happen. Um very confident. But, we've been confident before, and I think that was kind of a reflection about on Saturday. It's not done. It's not signed. So, I feel like AJ didn't also want to get in the ring and tell the world that it was on and done because it's not. We've been here before. We're extremely hopeful. We're all committed to try and get it done. And hopefully, that can happen very soon. It's Um Fury and his team said that he'd signed. Was that a step in the right direction? Like, is that But, then AJ hadn't signed. Is that Is that right then? I don't know. I don't know if he's signed or not. It's his business. Um and if he had If he has, fantastic. You know, we received the contract last week. We're going through that. Obviously, there's been a lot happening in AJ's life. We want to make sure that he's ready to return to the ring. He's about to get the all clear in terms of his physical side to return to full training. And that's a That's great news. So, we expect to see him back in the ring in July. Um the original plan was to fight in March and then fight Tyson Fury in August. Obviously, given everything that happened, that's been delayed. But, July and November are the two dates that have been presented to us now. And we expect to move forward. So, that's a pretty significant step forward in negotiations that AJ has a contract for the Fury fight. Well, I mean, we've been To be honest, we were on the the finish line of this deal back in December. Um and again, given the tragic accident that happened, it's been put on the back burner while we've been making sure that AJ's ready to return. That looks imminent. And [music] now we've been picking those conversations back up. And as I said, we received the contract at the end of last week. There's a lot to go back on. But, you know, the basis of what we all want to do is uh is agreed by us and the team. And And we hope to get it over the line. So, on Saturday night, there was a lot of pressure on AJ and you to get in the ring, but you stood your ground. Can I ask a bit about sort of why you didn't want to do the face-off then? Um because the fight's not done. And, you know, it It's It's a face-off to get in the ring to announce a fight. I mean, Netflix announced the fight on social. And I'm going, "What? Like, what is going on here?" And by the way, we're all committed to try and make the fight happen. I think we'll get there. But, it is not done and it is not signed yet. So, my AJ was like, you know, ultimately, AJ, do you want to get in the ring to announce a fight? No. Like, I don't want to to get in to tell the public that we we're fighting Tyson Fury when at the moment we're not. You know, we believe we will and we hope we will, but we've been here before, haven't we? Many, many times. And I think, you know, he was like, "Look, it's your night. I'll sit here. You want to scream and shout at me? No problem." And I thought he played it like a G, as they say. But, you know, it's Obviously, everybody's talking about it. And everybody knows it's the biggest fight in boxing. I think it's the biggest fight ever in this country um by some distance. And like I say, I think with everybody involved, we're very confident, but not willing to kind of get in and make an official announcement when the contract's not in the place that it needs to be [music] and the fight's not signed. And will AJ definitely have a a tune-up fight first? &gt;&gt; it's very likely. I mean, again, given what happened, like, we were supposed to be doing that anyway. Um Fury has just had his tune-up fight. So, really uh bite for rounds to get him sharp for the next one. And I expect us to do the same. And would that tune-up really be Deontay Wilder or is that too dangerous? &gt;&gt; a separate deal. I mean, we are We have made it clear that we are willing to fight Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury back to back. And I'm not being disrespectful that Fury that Wilder is a warm-up fight, but AJ's very comfortable to go into that fight next. That's not the basis of the deal that we've been offered, but it's definitely one we're interested in if it was offered. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And if they want to look at that route, I think some might perceive that to be a more um dangerous option, especially when there's so much riding on Tyson Fury against Anthony Joshua, Netflix, everybody. So, I think they'll be looking at a slightly easier option for Anthony Joshua to like Tyson Fury had, with all due respect, and then move straight into that fight. So, you're looking at AJ fighting this warm-up in July and then Fury in November? &gt;&gt; 100%. So, that's the plan? That's the absolute plan.