Kind: captions Language: en And now, ladies and gentlemen, as I was saying earlier, last time we were here was for the record-breaking night at the Garden, the sold out. Millions watched as more world titles were competed for that night last year. So, we needed to have world title bouts on this card. And what about this for our co-main event featuring two of the more decorated women in the sport? Ladies and gentlemen, this bout tomorrow night, our co-main event is for the unified IBF, WBO, and Ring Magazine Super Middleweight Championships. Introducing first, the challenger, fighting out of the red corner tomorrow night. She enters the ring with a professional record of 11 victories versus four defeats and two draws with one knockout. Hailing from PPY, New Zealand. Introducing the former IBF light heavyweight champion of the world. The former IBF heavyweight champion of the world. Ladies and gentlemen, the smiling assassin, Lonnie Daniels. That's good. resist. &gt;&gt; Official weight for the challenger, Lonnie Daniels, 167.6 lbs. And now, ladies and gentlemen, her opponent, the defending world champion, making a return to the ring. You've seen her before all over the world. But hailing from Patterson, New Jersey. She holds a near-perfect record of 16 victories versus just one defeat with 11 knockouts. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the current, the reigning and defending unified super middleweight champion of the world, the sweet terminator, Chadia Green, Official weight for the champa Green, 168 lbs even. &gt;&gt; And now for the final time before our co-man event live on ESPN tomorrow night, these two women face off. Ladies and gentlemen, your co-main event, MVPW2, you see Jake Paul with all the belts in the middle tomorrow night. Lonnie Daniels, Shasia Green, Don't Adjust Your TVs, ladies and gentlemen. It's live on ESPN. And now moment with these two Ariel, you may need to pull them apart. &gt;&gt; All right, we'll begin with Lonnie Daniels here. I know that flag means a lot to you. Explain to the public what it represents. her represents who I am, where I'm from, and what I'm here to do, &gt;&gt; which is where specifically. &gt;&gt; Uh, New Zealand, Pippy. &gt;&gt; And I know you've got a bit of a cheering section over here. They're very loud and proud. They call you the smiling assassin. I see you smile a lot. It's a great smile. Where did that nickname come from? &gt;&gt; Uh, my workmate. Um, cuz I'm not really a &gt;&gt; We can see that. New York. Make some noise. Show some love to Lonnie Daniels. Lonnie, good luck. Tomorrow we'll talk to your opponent, the champion, Shadesia Green. &gt;&gt; Have you ever been called the smiling assassin? &gt;&gt; Never. &gt;&gt; That was a intense staredown. What did you see when you were looking at her? &gt;&gt; I mean, I just see war tomorrow. It ain't really nothing too much to smile about. You know, we getting in the ring to hurt each other tomorrow. At least that's what I'm I plan to do. So, um, you know, shout out to the Silent Assassin for showing up. April 17th, live on ESPN. Let's go. I ain't come this far to come this far. &gt;&gt; That is tomorrow night. She represents Patterson, New Jersey. She is the champ, Shadesia Green. &gt;&gt; Well, ladies and gentlemen, if that's the co-main event, it begs the question of what is the main event? Who are the two women headlining this inaugural show on ESPN? Well, ladies and gentlemen, it's for the unified world titles. 10 threeinut rounds. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, three minute rounds for their fight for equality in the sport of boxing. And it is for the unified IBF, WBA, WBO, and Ring Magazine super featherweight championships of the world. Introducing first, the challenger, fighting out of the red corner. Never been in a boring fight, enters the ring tomorrow night with a professional record of 19 victories versus three defeats and three draws with 10 knockouts. Hailing from Seoul, South Korea. Introducing the former world championship contender, ladies and gentlemen, Bomi Ray Shin. Official weight for the challenger Bobby Rein 129.4 lbs. And now, ladies and gentlemen, her opponent. The question was asked. It's our first show back on ESPN. It's the inaugural US event for MVPW2. So, Nikisa Madarian and Jake Paul asked the question, who can headline? Who can we bring back to New York City to put on a show for all of you? Well, ladies and gentlemen, it's my honor to introduce the defending world champion. You've seen her take over this city. Every billboard, every show, every TV station, you have seen this woman. Ladies and gentlemen, she enters the ring tomorrow night with a professional record of 17 victories versus just one defeat with seven of those wins by knockout. Hailing from Dallas, Texas by way of Fremont, Ohio. Ladies and gentlemen, she is the current, she is the reigning, she is the defending unified super featherweight champion of the world. And she is the bomb Elisia Bombgardner. Official weight for the champ for the bomb, Alicia Bombgardner, 129.8 lbs. And now for the final time before the main event tomorrow night on ESPN, these two women's face off. The challenger Bobby Ray Shin, the champion, Alicia Bob Gardner. You see Jake Paul with the belts in the middle. They're all on the line tomorrow night live on ESPN for the inaugural US show of MVPW. &gt;&gt; And now a moment with these two main eventers with Ariel Hani. &gt;&gt; All right, we'll start with the challenger Bomid Shin if you don't mind. Right over here. &gt;&gt; Great to see you again. I'm curious off the top. What did you make of her energy up here smiling at you like that? I felt a strong positive energy from Malaysia and that positive strong energy motivates me also. So, I am really excited by her energy. I'm ready for the game tomorrow and I am excited to be able to write a new history of women boxing with Alicia tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Well, I know your fans are very excited as well. Can't wait to see you in action. Please show some love to South Korea's own Bomi Shin representing her flag. And now we'll speak to the champion who continues to level up with the outfits every time we see her and the belts as well. She is one of a kind. I'm curious about that face off. Sometimes it's intense. This time there was a big smile. Why? &gt;&gt; I'm hap I'm happy to be here. It is a blessing and it's one thing to be in position, but it's another to have the posture to be in this position. And baby, it's here. &gt;&gt; And and and you are representing that very well. You know, she has a very interesting style. She will come forward. and she is going to bring the fight to you. In your opinion, what is the key to kind of slowing down that style and dictating the pace tomorrow? &gt;&gt; My IQ is at 100. So, baby, I'm ready for anything. I'm sharp. My time is on point. I'm strong. And baby, I got the eyes of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tiger. &gt;&gt; I believe you. Please give it up for the one and only, the incomparable, the champion, Alicia the Bomb Bungardner. And before we wrap this up everyone, I do want to give some time to the one and only Jake Paul who is here in attendance, the co-founder of Most Valuable Promotions alongside Nikisa Bedarian. Jake, it's great to see you. How are you? Yeah, doing good. New York City. It can't get any better than this. Super excited. MVPW. Uh, number two. We dreamt this up years ago. It's come to fruition on ESPN. I grew up watching ESPN as a kid. So, this is a dream come true. We have an amazing night of fights and just a blessing to be here in Madison Square Garden, the most legendary arena. &gt;&gt; And and more to that point, to have an idea, to dream it up, and now to see it come to fruition. not only MVPW but first show on ESPN TV bringing boxing back to ESPN. Can you describe the emotions 24 hours before the event? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's definitely surreal and it just shows the power of manifestation believing in yourself. And so to all the boxers, to all the promoters, to all the world out there, uh have a dream and and chase it and don't let anyone tell you that you can't do anything. And now we have the greatest women fighters in the sport. Uh headlined by Lisia Bo Shin. It's going to be an amazing night. &gt;&gt; Why was it so important for you to focus on the women? Why did you guys go all in on women's boxing? &gt;&gt; It really started with meeting Amanda Serrano, hearing her story, seeing that she was one of the best fighters ever, regardless of gender, and how she was making $500 a fight, $5,000 to fight. And it just seemed so wrong to me. And I told her, "You're going to be a superstar. We're going to make you a multi-millionaire." And she laughed at me. I said, "You're going to be on billboards one day." And we made it possible because the product is amazing. These fighters are amazing. The fights are amazing. And so it's really a testament to the women and just shining a spotlight on them. And we've just worked so hard, put the fighters first, and this is what it's become. &gt;&gt; She was the first face of MVPW before it became MVPW, the first face of women's boxing for MVP. Perhaps Alysia could be the next one. She seems to be primed for that moment. You know about star quality, it factor, all that stuff. Tell us what you think of Alicia. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. I've always said that she's the future face of the sport and this is her first headlined event. So, tomorrow is going to be a breakout night for her and she has to go and put on a show against a very, very formidable opponent. It's not going to be easy. It's going to be a very tough fight, but uh she captures lightning in a bottle tomorrow. The rest is history. &gt;&gt; And before I let you go, an update on the jaw. How are you feeling? &gt;&gt; I'm feeling great, man. Doing doing awesome. staying busy, getting back into the gym, and hopefully we'll see a fight maybe later this year. &gt;&gt; Okay, that's the plan. &gt;&gt; 2026. &gt;&gt; I'm ready. I'm ready. &gt;&gt; What's first, the fight or the wedding? &gt;&gt; Probably a fight first. Okay. &gt;&gt; Just not paying attention. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's not even listening to &gt;&gt; on her phone. She's on her phone. &gt;&gt; She's maybe planning the wedding as &gt;&gt; I love you, babe. Babe, babe. &gt;&gt; He loves you. She's counting all her medals, perhaps. &gt;&gt; Great to see you in attendance as well. Congratulations to you guys. Good luck tomorrow night. There he is, the problem child, Jake Paul. Everyone, &gt;&gt; ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for coming out once again. MVP is back in NYC. ESPN is back in boxing. There are limited tickets remaining. Go to ticketmaster.com. We will see you all tomorrow night for MVPW. Come on. Hey.