Kind: captions Language: en But now let's speak to the Sky Sports boxing presenter Andy Scott who reported and worked with Ricky Hatton over a number of years. Andy, devastating news. Sports has lost the legend. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm struggling to process it quite honestly. Uh your phone blows up in a moment like that with with a lot of people saying I can't believe it. um have you seen the news? And you just what we all do now, we scramble to social media and you start to to pray it's not true. You pray that it's it's being misreported. You pray that it's uh it's not the case. But I think, you know, it's clear now we're all reacting and we're all going to be saying the same thing. It's it's a tragedy and it's just so so sad. And so much of what Grave said there, you're going to get a lot of that because um whatever capacity you work with Ricky, he treated everybody the same. And that was my introduction to him. So before my days at Sky and before the sort of um blow up of of YouTube, boxing, journalism, that's how I started. And in his preparation for uh the Manny Pacquiao fight, he held an open training session at his gym in Hyde. Um, and I went along uh with a camera uh not knowing what I was really doing and completely petrified of meeting someone like Ricky Hatton who had already, you know, been selling massive box office events. And I cannot tell you that he made you feel a million dollars. It didn't matter if you were with Sky Sports News or if you were there independently. He gave you his time. Um, and he was wicked as well. The most hilarious guy. um you know it makes it all the more diff difficult to comprehend because he he was just um working man's hero. I think that's um one thing that nobody has been able to replicate. He he he was one of the last workingclass heroes from where he had come from to what he had achieved. I think he spoke to everybody on a level and I think he that resonated with so many different people. Um, the last time I saw him, ironically, uh, I went up to his gym to film something and two of my great friends in in the boxing media industry were there in Dave Kane and Mark Robinson, photographer and camera op. And said, I'm I'm going to nip to the shop to get a bacon roll. And Ricky said, don't worry, they know my order off by heart. Just tell them you're with me. And that was it. they whether it was the the local cafe on the corner or whether or not it was um the the highest echelons of of boxing, everybody knew Ricky Hat and everybody felt uh that they had a relationship with him because that's how they he made you feel. And to echo what Craig said, you know, the the the amount of people that went over to Las Vegas for uh primarily the Floyd Mayweather fight, um you know, you you hear that start off being reported as 20,000 and then by the time you get to the end of it, it's almost like 50,000 people when Oscar de la Hoya uh Hall of Famer tells a great story that nobody has ever drank Las Vegas dry, but when Ricky Hatton came to town and all those fans went over, they drank Las Vegas dry. And um that is that's a pretty impossible thing to do. Uh but I can't really get out of my head as a you know the impact on his family. I think that's where all of our thoughts are at the moment. Yeah. We all work in boxing, don't we? And we we're going to feel it. But primarily the foremost of my thoughts is um with his kids uh his mom and dad and in his close family. I hope people are wrapping themselves around them at the moment. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. At a time like this, you you're going to want to hug your family just that little bit tighter, aren't you, Andy? You mentioned what he was like out of the ring, but in the ring, my goodness me. What was his fighting style like? Because that really captured people's imagination, didn't it? &gt;&gt; I think if you were one of the people that was lucky enough to either work on or be in attendance uh at the MEN, the Manchester Arena as it is now, uh when he fought Costazoo, it will live with you forever. I don't think that you'll ever top that. Um the crowd were with him every step of the way, but it was mutually exclusive. He he bought them, he bought them into it. You know, that electricity that the crowd generated, these pictures that you're seeing here, I I don't think there was a boxer alive that would have beaten Ricky Hatton that night. And I do believe that because he was ferocious. He was absolutely on point. I think anybody that's seen that documentary and Billy Graham, Bobby Rimmer, everybody that jump Mick Williamson, everyone that jumps on him here, he was absolutely at his best that night and um he wouldn't be denied. One of the great body punchers of of our era. He was so good um attacking the body and and fighting on the inside. And I don't know, I don't want to say that that's an art form that's that's slowly been dying, but certainly he was one of the very best at it. Um, just a wicked body puncher. And also, people forget he was a brilliant amateur as well. Anybody that ever went to one of his after dinner speeches, he he tells great stories about his amateur career as well. He was a great professional, obviously a two-weight world champion, but um he was a standout amateur as well. He he he fought um rough and tough at times, but he made it very very entertaining. Uh you know, wasn't he wasn't a slugger or a brawler. Yes, he could do that, but there was a real intricacy to his work. Um punched with real power. Some of his his highlights, the knockouts, um the Castillo body punch, knockout, you know, you're not going to see a better punch than that. Um and he was brilliant. And and these are the shots that you're showing now. This is kind of like the start of my career with him. And um yeah, he he was brilliant. He was brilliant to watch even when he shadow boxed like this. You know, he uh you would stop and and take notice. And there's also some great pictures of um the old Phoenix camp with Billy Graham, his trainer, uh with the most enormous body belt on and he would need it because Ricky would um rip him to the body time and time again. And uh yeah, he he was a hard puncher. Real real hard puncher. Um but he was he was the total package. He was he was he was great, you know. He was a great will always be a great. &gt;&gt; I think that just goes to show, doesn't it, the character of Ricky Hatton, Andy, where he treated you kind of a newbie coming into your boxing career with the same level as respect as he did with 30-year boxing veteran journalists. &gt;&gt; Oh, without a doubt. Yeah, without a doubt. I I don't really know anybody I don't know anybody that's got a bad word to say about him when it came to that. He never um what I loved about him was Ricky Hatton was mobbed everywhere he went and he would never turn down an autograph or I never saw him turn down an autograph or a selfie. Um everybody still wanted a picture or an autograph from Ricky Hatton. Uh I worked on that exhibition which was the last fight that we did, you know, in in 2022 and you can see how much it meant to him to go one more um and have everybody there. And that was him. That was Ricky Hatton. I got written down like he was everybody's favorite fighter. But I think in the industry, he was every fighter's favorite fighter. That's one thing. Did a lot of trips to America once he had retired. And the one person they always asked about or wanted to speak about was was Ricky Hatton. Um, you know, he he was just so much fun. Just so so much fun. And almost have a little bit of jealousy about the likes of of Craig and people that you're going to hear from that. um Matthew Mlin, our colleague, that were there throughout all of it because it was some journey. Um a lot of those documentaries that are still available on YouTube and stuff, the 247s, um in the buildup to uh the Hatton fight, uh sorry, the Mayweather fight, correction, and the Pacquiao fight, you know, really, really good. And even at this stage when he linked up with Floyd Mayweather, a senior as his trainer, okay, it it worked in parts, it didn't work in other parts, but he did still continue develop to develop and and be better at this late stage in his career. And even in that shot there, you can see the likes of Shane Mosley, Juan Manuel Marquez, Bernard Hopkins, his brother Matthew, send him uh condolences and deepest sympathies. What must he be going through at the moment? Um, but fighters idolized Ricky Hatton. fighters wanted to be Ricky Hatton. Everybody wanted to be associated Ricky with Ricky Hatton. There's um there's terrific pictures. I was lucky enough to he had a brilliant games room at his mansion. Uh Ricky with all of his memorabilia and photos and stuff like that. And he had this great photo when City won the league of him, Liam Gallagher and Vincent company and God knows what time of day it was. Um, and you know, everybody wanted still to be associated with Ricky Hatton. Great memories. Um, you won't replace them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, incredible memories. You would have heard me a few moments ago reading out the tributes and one of those from Amir Khan where he said, um, you know, if you're struggling mentally, talk to someone. You are not alone. And there was this authenticity and this openness about Ricky Hatton where he he spoke about his mental health struggles, particularly after those big Las Vegas losses, but also once he retired as well. That will be a big part of his legacy, won't it? The mental health work he did and how much he inspired people. That's one for fighters that you're going to get on later, but I've seen the same tributes myself and I think every fighter that um that we speak to and actually we had Ricky on set not so long ago on the Tototo podcast and he described it as like a flame and that flame uh when you're fighting it burns strong but when you retire the flame doesn't go out it just dims slightly and um I think the big thing is here that message needs to be repeated you know um you know got to talk about it and got to seek help and support and and Ricky was a great advocate uh especially for fighters. You know, there isn't a fighters union. Um and Ricky would always try and support fellow fighters. But yeah, it's uh I don't know what more I can say on that. is tragic.