Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our weekly boxing chat. I'm Andy Scott. I'm joined in the studio by Gary Logan and heavyweight contender Johnny the Ron football fisher. Good to have you both with us today. Now, there is only one place to start whether you like it or you don't. Fight week has begun for an event that I don't think really genuinely we ever thought that we would be talking about on this show. It is Jake Paul against Anthony Joshua. Um, can you believe it, Johnny? Can you believe that we're this far down the road that it is upon us Friday night? I can believe it. I think um the world we live in, the social media age we're in, personalities are a big part of the sport that we're in and it's a fight that people if you walk down the street that people know Jake Paul's name, people know Anthony Joshua's name. I worry a bit for Jake Paul. We know what Joshua is capable of. But I'm sure many people, even the critics, will be tuning in to watch a contest like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One thing I've learned in boxing, it is about business. And if there's a demand, there's a supply. People want to watch it. Therefore, it's happening. Gary is the future of boxing as we know it as industry professionals professional boxing I get it this is a professional sanctioned boxing match but is the future of boxing as we know it resting on AJ's shoulders &gt;&gt; yeah as we know it you know boxing historians that we are that we are what we've what we've been through what we've experienced great legitimate heavyweight fights Lewis Lewis versus Bruno Tyson versus Bruno the list is endless so uh you Um, but I'm pretty sure that at the end of it, at the end of the days, boxing will be put in its right place and AJ will do it for us. &gt;&gt; It's a question to both of you really, but I'll let Johnny go first. Is it complicated at all? As if this wasn't um out there enough. It is now complicated that after all of this, we're led to believe that Fury versus AJ is agreed in principle. You know, as if we did we need any more madness like added into this pot? We're led to believe that both will have a warm-up fight first and they should meet in 2026. Will that be a discussion point at all this week? Will it matter? &gt;&gt; Well, I think so. I think if they've if they've got any sense about and they'll get Tyson Fury ringside and he'll be calling for an Anthony Joshua fight after this. Still a massive fight for British boxing. Even if it's 5 years out of date, it's still still a huge fight. It still fills up a stadium and they're two heavyweight heavyweight greats of our country and I'm sure we'll all get come out to tune in to watch them as well. I don't want to put words in your mouth, Gary, but there is part of me like as delighted as I am that it's better late than never, it's not too late, but do we need warm-up fights before then? You know, Tyson Fury's copy book is blotted only by, you know, two brilliant Usyk fights. AJ's 36 now. They've been doing it a long time. &gt;&gt; Can you not get warming sparring? Have we not been here before? You know, hurdles in the road. You'll hit them if they're there. You know, this fight, if it's agreed, can we not just go straight to go? I was there at the first major hurdle which was a man called Andy Ruiz where I went to the toilet and I came back and when I looked and the crowd had gone nuts and AJ was on the floor. Nobody expected that. So there is no need for a warm-up fight. This fight sells itself. Um warm-up fights are they're dangerous anyway, but unless at at worst ways they're just there's no drama there because they're not going to be matched with fighters on the precipice of fighting for a world title in the warm-up, are they? They're just going to go. They're just going to be matched with guys who we know they can beat, you know, and then we move on to that fight. So, let's just get there now. Let's just get it signed. Me and you have been here long enough over the last three or four years talking about this fight. Let's just get it done now. &gt;&gt; So, can we can we can go to Defcon 3. We can start to get excited for Fury AJ. Unless Jake Paul's going to rip this whole thing up. &gt;&gt; Well, boxing is a very we we spoke about this off air. Boxing is a very illogical sport. It's a game of snakes and ladders and I've seen Stranger Things happen than than some of the things we we're talking about now. So, let's just hope they can Joshua will come through this fight and we can see Fury Joshua because that is a massive fight. No matter if it's 5 years early or 5 years later, that's a fight people will tune in to watch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just imagine when they finally go head-to-head. It'll be amazing. Unless it's going to be Jake, Paul, Tyson, Fury. Right, it's time to welcome our next guest. Uh, another heavyweight and a former former sparring partner and gym mate of AJ. Welcome back to Toeto toe. It's Richard React, the midnight train. How are you, Richard? Good to see you. &gt;&gt; How you doing? How you doing, Andy? I'm very good, thank you. &gt;&gt; Good, good, good. Um, now we've been asking people uh about, you know, what it is like to share the ring with Anthony Joshua. You've been at the painful end of that. Uh, you know what it's like to stand in front of him. Genuinely and honestly, what is your best advice for Jake Paul once that first bell rings? If you were coaching him, what on earth would you say? If I was coaching him, honestly speaking, I'd tell him to move and make sure he's just moving his upper body, keeping his head off the line consistently and and moving around using the ring. Using the ring, he wants to not get hit with that right hand. I I tell you that if he gets hit with that right hand, even partially, he's he's he's going. It's going to be the end of the fight or the beginning of the end. &gt;&gt; Rich, I hear what you're saying, but in is there a world where he can do that? Because Anthony Joshua, whatever stage of his career that he's at, he will surely cut this ring down. I haven't seen any confirmation of the size of the ring, but it wouldn't matter if it's a mile uh long. He is eventually going to cut that ring down, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Well, I'm not too sure because it depends on the size of the ring. Um, knowing Jake Paul is very intelligent guy. I reckon he probably got the biggest ring he could ever find. He's probably like 20 25 foot and and that's it's hard it's hard for a big guy to cut the ring that quick even for me that's that's moved up from from heavy from um cruiserweight sorry um yeah I'll have my my my struggles. So imagine someone like AJ coming down from 260 to 2445 probably putting on um some more pounds after the weigh in. It's going to I think it's going to be tough and we've seen from in the past where he kind of struggled a bit against faster, smaller kind of guys. So, it's going to be interesting to watch. &gt;&gt; I hear you. Um, does the performance of Anthony Joshua matter? Uh, aside from the result, is is anything other than total and utter dominance a negative? Let's say Jake Paul hears the final bell. Is that a huge win for Jake Paul even in defeat? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. For me, if Jake Paul is able to to hear the last bell, it's like he won. It's like he won, honestly. Um, that's I'll take I'll take that as a win. Me as a boxer looking in, and I'm sure he would the same way. Uh, you have to bear in mind he's going against a former twotime heavyweight world champion. If he's able to do four or five rounds, that's a win. &gt;&gt; That's what I would say. &gt;&gt; I'm quite interested in this new weight for Anthony Joshua and all the stuff I've seen promotionally. So far, you wonder why he hasn't been at that weight before. I think from quotes I've seen from AJ, he does question why he went perhaps on the heavier side and 245 might be a better weight for him. You add to that, he's got a new corner team, hasn't he, with uh and with Alexander Usyk's team, forgive me. Um, but other than that, will we learn anything at all uh from this? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I think he's going to practice a lot of the techniques and strategies that he's been training and and using in his camp with his new team cuz he needs to, you know, when we when we change cultures, we want to kind of implement things that our coaches are teaching us so we can get used to it and get to a point where so fine tuned. It's like we're not even thinking. We're just doing everything kind of naturally. And it doesn't take one fight. Sometimes it takes like two or three fights to get to that kind of natural movement where you just understand everything that the coach wants you to do. So, he's going to be practicing that and especially now we've heard the announcement between um the fight between Tyson Fury and him potentially happening next year. 100% he's going to be practicing everything that he's learned there and seeing if he can implement it so he can do the same when he fights um Fury. &gt;&gt; Before I let you go, just a quick word on your own career. You look great as a heavyweight so far. You know, I wonder if you question why did I take so long to get up there because it really does seem to suit your frame. Um, what are your plans for 2026? Uh, have you got any names on your hit list that you want to give us now? &gt;&gt; So, yeah, I've got plans on on just dominating and defeating anybody that's put in front of me. Um, we ended the year really good. We got the W over Tommy Welch. Um, big respect to him as well for stepping up and now we want to step up as well. Um, we're in a good good position. We're ranked number nine now in the IBF. So top 10 in the world and we're going to keep on going. We want to push them up for number one for the number one spot and get a world title shot. &gt;&gt; Well, it sounds good and good luck with that cuz you look great so far as a heavyweight. Thank you so much for joining us, Richard. We wish you a uh great Christmas and look forward to seeing you uh in 2026 and what's in store for the Midnight Train. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Have a nice Have a nice day.