Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our weekly boxing chat. I'm Andy Scott and I'm joined in the studio by a fighter and trainer who are preparing for a huge world title fight in November. So, welcome to Anthony Yard and Tundi Aay. Welcome both of you. Thanks for coming in. Huge news broke last week. Caught a lot of people on the hop, I think, including us. So, you will face David Benvdz, the WBC lightweight title over in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Once again, you are running towards the danger rather than away from it. Of course. Um, I just feel like it's it's embedded in me. It's my character and um I will always be a person where I take on the biggest challenge for myself. I don't want to be that person where you look back and you say what if. You know that's a fear of mine. So um some people it's their fear to actually go and challenge you know bigger big things. For me, a fair of mine is looking back and saying, "Ah, what if?" Yeah. I mean, it's a great attitude and we applaud it. Been close twice. How do you make sure that you're not one of these nearly men that get close and never quite climb the mountain? How do you get over it this time? Just by being myself. Um, continuing to be a better version of myself each time, um, as I've shown. And, um, don't know. I feel like timing timing sometimes is a blessing. So I feel like this time just feels good. Yeah. Trainer and manager Tundai. I hope you don't mind. Uh I was going to ask you about the fight, but actually we were all in the same location yesterday. I just want to use this little bit of time just to pay tribute to to James Cook, an absolute legend in his own right. He was laid to rest yesterday. Over 1500 people in the church uh standing room only. Um I wonder how you reflect on that. I hope the family don't mind me saying it was a very sad affair, but at the same time, what a celebration of his life. Oh, absolutely. You know, uh we talk about angels all the time. You know, James Cook was a living angel. Uh someone that meant so much to us dearly and uh he he affected the lives of so many people and uh that was clear to see at yesterday's service, at the burial, at the wake. It's just he's just a wonderful man and um credit to uh his wife Carmen um and everyone that was there his daughters they gave beautiful speeches um James Cook could never be replaced. Yes, he's just a wonderful person and he meant so much to me in terms of mentoring, having someone to speak to that was older than me, wiser than me, had seen more than me, especially in the sport of boxing and in life in general. And uh you know, I know I'm not speaking for Anthony, but I can say he definitely made a change to Anony's career and uh his boxing and and so much jewels, so much wisdom we got from this man. 3 3:00 a.m. morning runs. Uh it just it's one of those sad but happy situations and um I thank God for the life of James Cook and he will never be forgotten. Back to the room. Can we break down this Benvidz fight? Uh a lot of people I think in the industry there's an aura around him that he he's maybe avoided. he maybe hasn't landed the big names that he wanted, the sort of Canelo fight that he's been he's been banging that drum for a long time. Um, what is your attitude towards him? Do you think he is avoided? Do you think he's justifiably hyped? Do you think that he's not as good as he thinks he is? What is your take on Benvdz? No, I think um you know he's he's recent performances, you know, who he's fought, you know, how he's fought them, people he's beat, how he's beat them. Um again, there's a reason people are saying, you know, he's one of the best um in the world. He's tried to get big fights. He's tried to get the Cano fight. I'm not in the position to talk about why that fight hasn't happened. People going to have their opinions as always, but um Oh, definitely. you know, he's he's he's based on his past performances, he's what people have been saying about him, and that's what excites me. Yeah. What excites you about this fight, Tundi? Because if you don't mind me saying, we spoke about it at length in the podcast. You know, you've been in the crosshairs with a lot of people about the way that you've guided Anthony. Should you have taken this fight this time? Should you have done that? Were you lacking an experience in that uh respect? It could all come to fruition now. You know, if you get get this done and you win this, you can turn around at everybody and say, "I told you so." Well, I don't think I ever say I told you so. But one thing I know, uh, even in in my life, probably your life, and everything's timing, I just believe that this is the right time in terms of why the fight excites me. It's cuz you got two fantastic, entertaining fighters. This will not be a Tom and Jerry situation. This will be a Tom and Tom situation. And that's reference to Turkey Shakes, wasn't it? don't want Tom and Jerry fights. So that's Tom and Tom. This is Tom and Tom, you know, two guys. And uh you know, I was listening to an interview from Jose Benvida, Senior, the father, the father. And he said, Anthony Yard is their hardest fight. And uh I echo those words. We are going to prepare like we've always prepared uh diligently. And I expect a fight of the decade. Uh Anthony Yard is a tremendous allaction fighter and so is Benvdz. Their records speak for themselves. I think Benvidas has 24 knockouts out of 30 fights and Anthony Yard has 26 knockouts. So um I just feel like this is a fight where the fans will get what they've been asking for. Yeah, it's a cliche, isn't it? But they say a loss is really only a loss if you don't learn from it. We're going to, you know, look at not Kovalev, but uh better be BV, which are the two world title fights you've had where you've come up short, but not without moments of success in that fight. How do you bridge that gap between uh you know, being close and maybe not quite having the experience? Would that be fair enough? Not quite just having the knowhow to get over the line. Do you believe you've got that now? And you learned that in this fight? For me, 100%. You know, they're showing where the the good moments better be have had. But again, I had my No, no, no. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. But I had my moments in the fight as well where he was getting pushed back, you know, I cut him and here's my bit like, "Oh, no. That's his bit." When he caught me, that's his bit. Well, you haven't edited that. No, it's cool. They can they can show their their parts where, you know, I'm I'm at my misfortune. But, um, there was parts in the fight, this is why one fight of the year, I cut him, he cut me, was going back and forth. I gave him his hardest fight, you know. And this is a guy that had over 200 amateur fights. I had 12. Yeah. So again, I don't I'm not in the I'm not in the business of caring about what anybody says if I'm an underdog or, you know, he shouldn't be taking this fight or whatever. I don't care about it. My thing is I'm always going to go in there and it's lions in the camp. Lions in the camp means when a lion wakes up every day, he's got no choice but to go and hunt or she's got no choice but to go and hunt. And um I feel like that's how opportunities are created. And with that kind of mentality, that's why Turkey ashake told me himself. He wanted me for this fight. They had other people, but he wants me for this fight because I'm entertaining. And for us, Lions in the camp means British and Irish Lions taking on the Brumies tomorrow live on Sky Sport. So, thank you for that link there. That's worked very well. Uh, two very, very quick ones before we go cuz we're running out of time. Uh, Hamza Sharz moves up in weight. He's with Andy Lee now. Uh, maybe I'll go to you for this one, Tundi. Um, against Edgar Balanga in New York. That's on Saturday. Could that be a defining night for Hamza? I believe so. Uh I've watched Hamza grow up as a kid. I've seen him boxing in Peacock, sparring with Denzel Bentley. And uh his father's a a very nice, humble man. Um and I mean it shows in his son. A great fight. Um big fight for first fighter at 168. Yeah. Um but he's got a great man in his corner and Andy Lee, a real boxing man. A man who's been there, done it. Former world champion. And I feel that he couldn't be positioned more better uh to grab this opportunity and uh with both hands and come out victorious on Saturday night. And the night before that on Netflix that's going to have a huge audience. One of the best trilogies in boxing. Katy Taylor, Amanda Serrano. It's 2-0 Taylor. They'll argue the other way. Um either way, you'd be surprised if it's not another humdinger. For me, I loved both of them fights. I was on the edge of my seat. We got pure entertainment. And that's what again people that watch boxing, that's what they want. They want entertaining fights or they wait for that knockout. Yeah. And um when there's not a knockout, that's the kind of fight you want to see, though. When you're on the edge of your seat, you're watching it, you're excited. So, they've given that to us twice. Hopefully, we get it the third time. Yeah. Yeah. Let's uh let's wish everybody the best of luck. Uh all the British and Irish fighters on Friday and Saturday night. Thank you both of you for coming in and giving up your time. It's great to see you. All the best of luck out in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. I think you're actually going to New York for the press of this week.