Kind: captions Language: en [snorts] &gt;&gt; YouTube sensation turn pro boxer versus Olympic gold medalist turned two-time unified world heavyweight champion Jake Paul 12 and 1 with seven knockouts Anthony Joshua 28 and 4 this Friday from the soon-to-be sold-out Kaseya Center in Miami, Florida this Friday night one last big mega fight on Netflix. It's my job. We fight and we're licensed to kill. I'm sure many people don't understand it, but this is what my job is and I I just enjoy what I do. Whatever happens, happens. As long as my hands raised, that's what's important, right? Respectfully, that's just the mentality we have to have as fighters. I don't know if any other fighter thinks that way, maybe they're a bit more tame. But the things I watch and the way my mind works when you're in that ring it's a dangerous place to be and anything can happen and you you hope your opponent leaves the ring safely, but if they don't you know, you still have to go to bed at night knowing that you just done your job. It wasn't personal. Let's put on a show for the fans. Let's go to war. Men have done crazier things throughout human history. This is the modern-day gladiator sport. This is what we're here to do to each other up and I'm ready. I I want his hardest punches. London Bridge is falling down, falling down, falling down. London Bridge is falling down, falling down. What? I don't Yeah, I don't think it will happen, but I believe he's locked in and and knows that this could potentially be the the biggest loss and will be the biggest loss of his career and he has so much to lose in this fight. Come back again. You shake it off. It's just like and I'll be headlining again in a year or two. It is what it is. It's just I'm a player in the game. And with this one and time that putting boxing on my back &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; it just seems like I'm being called into I don't know, save the pugilists, the purest of boxing and so on. People don't like the fact that I'm fighting Jake. Whether that concerns me or not is another question, but if we look at the people that want me to that don't want me to be here, but they want me to put an end to Jake Paul show. No one's done more for the sport of boxing in the past decade than myself, so I think if people really cared about boxing, they'd they'd want me to win.