Kind: captions Language: en And now, ladies and gentlemen, the main event tomorrow, Easter Sunday live on Sky Sports. A rematch that has taken the boxing world by storm will be one of the biggest fights this year. Promoted by Ben Shalom and Boxer in association with Frank Warren of Queensbury Promotions. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner, holding a professional record of 23 victories versus six defeats and one draw with 10 of those wins coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of Sheffield, England, please welcome the former Commonwealth Middleweight Champion. Ladies and gentlemen, Liam Cannonball Cameron see only [Music] fools and I am falling in love with you. Official weight 12 stone 6 lb for Liam Cameron. And now, ladies and gentlemen, his opponent fighting out of the red corner, undefeated as a professional. Eight victories, no defeats with one draw, fighting out of Darleston, West Midlands, England. Please welcome the Olympic silver medalist and the current reigning defending IBF international light heavyweight champion, the surgeon Ben Whitaker. How are my time? [Music] Official weight 12 stones, 7 lbs for the surgeon Ben Whitaker. Now making his way to the scales, the surgeon The master of the drunken style, the undefeated superstar, Ben Whitaker, 12 stones, 7 lbs. Well, it's kind of expect the unexpected, isn't it, with Ben Whitaker. He loves a good walk on and and now he's got a mascot for him to step on the scales. Actually thought that mascot's a bit short. That can't be Ben. Uh but you know what? Ben's going through the motions. He's he's got that tculent attitude towards the fans and the media because you know what of how he he feels as though it's been been treated since their last fight. So now this is this is what it's about. It's on the line for him to to to make an impression and I mean a good impression, not just scraped through a win. But if he wants to get to that next level to say I'm potentially world class, he needs to get this job done right and get rid of this bogeyman because Liam Cameron right now is his bogey man with one of the changes that B has made since we last saw him last October is that he has linked up with Andy Lee. You know, he has said that he was going to make changes anyway to his changing changing league training team. But you know Andy very well. What's he going to bring? What's he going to add to Ben's game? And how do you think that kind of relationship's going to work? Because it seems to be working okay. Yeah, I think it'll be a good move for him. I think um Andy is very calm, uh very analytical. He's a deep thinker. I think they get on on a personal level, but I think certainly boxing wise, I think he's a good fit for him. I think he'll get Ben sitting down on his shots more, punching harder, and uh and I think he'll be able to have good educational chats about navigating through a 10 and 12 round distance fight, when to pace it, when to step on it, the psychological the psychology of a longdistance fight. Longer term, I mean, Ben Whit, it's fair to say he's not a massive puncher, but do you think that could be one of the qualities that he's gone to Andy for in terms of the Kron background? Yeah, I think so. I think you'll be able to, like I say, you're not going to make a a one point knockout specialist out of somebody who can't punch. But you can you can always improve their punch power by uh teaching them leverages, biting point, you know, sitting down on the shots, uh balance, range, etc. So, I think this will be I mean, this is a pretty long stare down. I don't think we're going to admit Saudi Clarks. I know you're a big big fan of these lengthy starowns. I mean, we saw it between Furick and Usyk, didn't we, that they were the ones that sort of went into the 11 minute mark. These two are giving it a good go. Yeah, they are. Because this is well past a minute now. I've not been timing it, but the rule of thumb for fighters generally is that once you get past 30, 40 seconds, then it becomes a thing. Past that point, you can't be the first one to look away. Before that, you can break that gauge, decide that you're going to break it and look away. And at the minute they're just trying to get these two to back off each other. They still haven't broken that gauge. They're just about doing it now. Cameron just giving Whitaker a sideways glance, but they sustain that for a good while. Johnny, that was a slightly different Ben Whitaker. We saw it in that face of it. He's not normally the one. He's not the one to to look away. Yeah. Yeah. If if I can remember I've never I can never remember Ben being bothered about that sort of stuff. He's like, "I'll do the stair and get out of there." But but in this on this occasion here, I think he's trying to make a point to say, "I'm not the guy who you think who you think you know because he's never done that before." The these things really mean nothing to him usually. I think he's trying to This is his last chance to try and make any kind of impression on Liam's head. All right, let's hear from Liam. He's with Andy. Liam, so much interest, so much intrigue, so much hype. You did not want to break that face to face. There is that one last mind game that I'm not looking away. Yeah, you got it's got to be like I looked away other day, didn't I? So, I thought I'm not ging him again. What did you see when you looked at him there? It's getting smaller, isn't it? That's what you think. Yeah, getting smaller. It was same like last fight. He got smaller and smaller. Or are you getting bigger and bigger? Could be. What about your mindset coming into this one? I think you've sort of made no secret now. You know what you know, you know? I wonder if that's a good thing or a bad thing. You had the fear last time. You built him up to be a monster. What about this time? You know, the rounds that you shared with each other, that must count for something. Yeah, 100%. What is it? Round six. Round six. Is it round six or is it round one? We'll see in it. We'll see. As a school of thought with this that you still need to drag him into deep waters, that you still need to drag him into the second half of the fight. Do you believe that or are we all looking at this the wrong way? Didn't you watch me out boxing him for like three rounds? Well, that must be said it still ended in a draw. Yeah. Well, he were the golden boy, weren't they? They going to favor him over there. I I would just come in there to get beat on paper. So, if it's a draw in Saudi and the big guys are fighting, what does that tell you? You said I won the lottery. If you as you look around now, the tickets you sold, the posters, everything. Is this a pinch yourself moment? Does it really matter? It has to be a win tomorrow for it all to to come home. It's gone beyond that point now. It's fight time. Will you give us a final prediction before I let you go? Late. Late. Okay. Wish you all the best luck. Thank you for joining us. Where is the man? Ben Whitaker, come and join us. Now, didn't want to break that head there. Is that one last uh you know, it's been I don't want to say lighthearted, but you know, not really engaged too much with him. Was that a sign there you're not prepared to look away because you don't want to give anything away? Yeah, it was kind of cute looking into each other's eyes. But, you know, it is what it is, man. And uh all that looking into each other's eyes, all this talking, it comes to an end tomorrow. What about how you looked on the scales there? I don't think you'll mind me saying Saudi Arabia. We've seen you look like a Rolls-Royce on the scales before. In Saudi perhaps didn't look the best today. What do you think? You look back to the old Ben Whitker if you don't mind me saying. Yeah, man. Turkey was feeding me up too much. So, we came back home. We're on the curry goat now. So, you saw the shape on the scales. I look good. Did you hear what he said there? He said you're getting smaller and smaller. Yeah, that's cute. Um, I don't really understand what he's saying, so he needs some subtitles when he's talking. But at the end of the day, you'll see how big I am in there Sunday. People feel I think if you're backed into a corner, people start doubting you. This is your time to shut a lot of people up and uh not restore that faith at all, but you know, this is a terrific opportunity to do just that. Yeah, of course. A lot of people have got things to say, but when I come out shining Sunday, we'll let them keep talking. You also said dragged you into the second half of the fight, make it go late. Uh, do you expect that? Are you prepared for that? And if it does go that way, what happens? We're prepared for everything. We've ticked every boxing camp. I'm in great shape. It's very cliche when people say, "I've had a great camp." Trust me, you'll see. Looking forward to it. Wish you all the best of luck. Thank you very much. [Applause] I wonder if that mascot's going to be following everywhere today. Well, I mean, it looked like quite hard work, didn't it? He didn't seem to really be able to see where he was going. That that's not a gig I would want, to be honest, to to dawn that kind of outfit. It seems brought with danger. Yeah, imagine signing the contract for that. Liam, really good to see you. Um, almost there. Almost there. Um, had a bit of a long day. You were kept waiting at the first weigh in this morning. How was that? Well, they were they were struggling, weren't they? We were struggling. Is that what you're thinking? Early weigh in. They they've got this weigh in early for his weight and he turns turns up late. Better for me. Better better for me. The later he is and the more killing himself at weight is the better for me. So I can't complain. You seem very relaxed ahead of tomorrow night. You had five rounds of data to process from Ben Whitaker from the first fight. What did you learn about him? They weren't as good as I thought, but this is a new fight and a fresh fight and I'll have to keep that mentality. You he said himself, Ben did, that you were the best version of yourself. He was the worst. Are we going to see an even better version of you tomorrow evening? Yeah, 100%. He don't know what happened. I've already spoke about what happened in fight camp and stuff. That were his best. That were his best. That were his time to shine in Saudi to get everyone behind him and he and he failed it. I'm interested to know, you mentioned yesterday at the press conference that you need to have that kind of fear factor almost when you go out to bring out the best in you. What do you do to get yourself in that zone? Just think of bad things. Fair enough. Can I just ask in regards to training camp, is this the best training camp you've ever had for any fight preparation wise? Yeah. Yeah. Since I've been back and for a very long time, what I can remember, I've done 100 round sparring. I've gone from cruiserweights, heavy weights and everything. I've been sparring. So, confidence-wise in in in your ability and everything, everything's on on point. I've been doing the rounds great and sparring. What What's going to happen then? Can you give us a prediction? I mean, it's always difficult to ask. I'm hoping I can get him out of there late. Okay. Well, best of luck. Look forward to seeing you tomorrow night. Round two. Just let Liam exit there. It's quite noisy in here. I'm actually struggling to hear a little bit of what what people are saying, but he does seem particularly relaxed, Matt, ahead of tomorrow night. Exactly. The pressure is not on him really. It's more on Ben Whitaker. He's um and on top of that, I think he he's just confident that he's going to do what he did last time, but even better. Like he said there, he doesn't want to give the prediction, but you can tell he thinks he's going to get to him later on and hopefully get the stoppage. Good to see you, Ben. You all right? you okay? Um, who who's your friend? Uh, I don't think we can give away his details, but he's doing a very good job. You know what I mean? He came back to the house the other day and bless him, he was dripping out, sweating, so it's a shift in there. Hang on. What? Rewind. The mascots's been living in your house as well. Yeah, we got to look after the suit. People might try and rob it. Interesting, Ben. Interesting. Um, so today started off with um a little bit of of drama, shall we say? You were 30 45 minutes late the way in. I'm just spoken to Liam about that. He's obviously throwing out stuff saying maybe tight the way. What's your retort to that? Well, I'm staying in the Airbnb, which is quite a distance away. And then, you know, human human terities come, man. I needed a number two. The toilet didn't look right for me, so I need to go and find a proper one. And that was it really. Any any mind games of just trying to get under his skin at the uh You can say so. You can say so. But all, like I said, all this talking, oh, he's looking small, he's looking big. It's a fight at the end of the day. I could come in there skinny as a brick. No, I'm still going to punch his head in, so it don't really matter. H how much pressure are you feeling ahead of tomorrow? You're going to be in front of your home crowd? Are are you feeling that at all? I mean, how have the last 6 months been for you? Because you have come under a fair amount of criticism. I think I'm a fighter that under pressure strives through that. I shine through that. Um, I don't like to always talk about the amateurs, but the Olympic Games for me it was so the pressure on that was massive. A lot of people knew I was supposed to do what I was supposed to do. So that having the country on your shoulders was a lot. But um, the last 6 months for me has been great. It's been a time where I don't have to be around cameras. I've been able to just be in the gym, work hard, and work on my craft. And I've got a person like Andy behind me. It's been amazing. Have you managed to to sort of filter out the noise around you? Yeah. Yeah. I think uh it's what I needed. Like I said, my my life was moving at 100 miles an hour and uh it's the break I needed. It's the like I said before the Olympics. I was just in the gym. Nobody really knew me where everybody knows me now. So, I've gone to Ireland. I've cut the distractions out and uh I'm either in the gym or in church. So, it's amazing. It it seems to be going well with Andy Lee. How is that jelling and what's the relationship like? It's amaz like I said um when someone's been through it themsel, you kind of respect it. Uh he's got great fighters in the camp. you balance each other's energy and uh when he is a person that if he tells you to do something you're going to listen where before I was kind of like h you know so it's a person that I really um I listen to and I respect Johnny you you know about that all too well just how important it is to have that really solid relationship with your trainer and the respect there as well I mean without a doubt if you want to get to the world level the world level level that's expected of this young man he you need to make those fundamental changes and and you've probably spokeen more in this interview than we did in the gloves ros. So we've got to learn a little bit more about what's going on gone on behind closed doors. But I suppose it's been a conscious decision decision that you have to make because you want to actually say, you know what, this is who I am. I've been misrepresentating. Yeah, of course. And thank you very much for saying like I said, I'm a person that's got uh two sides to me. I am flashy. I am flamboyant. But there's a part of me where of course I'm humble as well. I came from a household I know right from wrong. My dad worked two jobs. My mom worked two jobs. I had to go out and earn it myself. So for me, I am very humble. But when you see the diamonds on my wrist and things like that, I like that, too. You know, I mean, I do like that, too. So, I've got two sides to me. And uh Andy can tell you, Andy wouldn't have took me on if I was a nasty person. You know, we sat down and he he actually asked me questions about myself, and that's what made him like me. Well, and I guess if you're both real with each other, it's going to work better long term anyway, isn't it? 100%. I think he's the first coach for the Miami amateur coach I've been actually honest and open with. We've sat down, we've at together, we've seen his family and I think when you do that, it is it's the best thing. Why did I not get this conversation in the gloves as well? I think you work for Liam Cameron. That's why Sheffield boy, we we're getting it now. Um before we let you go, cuz I know you want to get off. Um we're so used to seeing you as the showman. We perhaps didn't see that. Well, we didn't really see that in Dubai, did we? In in October. Are we going to see that from you tomorrow? And do do you feel like you need to make a statement tomorrow night? Yeah, the statement is going out there and winning and shining like Ben Whitaker should do. I think uh you just know it, you know, when you just wake up and you feel sharp. Each day I'm waking up and just feeling sharp. I didn't feel like that in Saudi and um I feel I'm happy now we're in Saudi. I just felt weird. You know what I mean? But at the end of the day, we're here now. I'm feeling sharp and I'm only going to get sharp through the day. Are you looking ahead? Are you looking beyond this? You can never do that. I'm a person who likes to look through the future. So, of course, get through this and it's it's going to be great things. All right, BMA, we're looking forward to seeing you tomorrow. Thank you very much. Nice one. And like I said, tomorrow's a great day. It's a resurrection of Jesus Christ. So, uh it's going to be a great day and it's going to be my return. Everybody tune in. If you haven't got your tickets, there's a couple left and it's time to steal the show, baby. You know we do. The surgeon. Thank you, Ryan. Does my job for me pretty much, doesn't he? You don't don't really need to do a great deal. Off he goes again. Relaxed. There you go. You know, you've done really well there. Uh because he was he he kind of clammed up and he wouldn't really give anything away when the gloves are off. I've probably learned more about behind the scenes uh from what's going on, attitude and everything. And and I think because all the hard work's done, the training's been done, it's now down to fight time. So that's why you can see always see the difference between fighters when you're in training camp when the pressure's on them. uh you're kind of really relieved when training camps over and the fight's the easy bit. So now it's just nice to see this side of both fighters. Well, Matt, because you know Andy is so well, do you think it was even more important for Ben to go with someone like Andy after what happened with all the noise going on? Someone like Andy that will sort of keep him grounded and just just I guess keep it straight with him. Yeah. cuz Andy, he he'll be able to relate and identify with him because Andy was a bigname amateur turning professional with Manny Stewart. Uh early door, scored a highlight, real sensational one punch knockout at Madison Square Garden, had massive hype really coming through. Then it got derailed by Brian Vera and it is seen how fickle people are, how you're as good as your last fight, how it can turn on you. So he'll be able to talk him through all his journey and he'll be able to source strength from that and kind of confidence from it and realize like you it's just another fight. You know what I mean? What's happened? You you've got to use it for motivation and we there are things you've got to look at where you went wrong, why you didn't improve as well as you should have and then and we're going to work on those things. But I I think it was the perfect match for him really cuz I think like I say I think he'll have his respect because he's been there and done it. he'll be able to personally from give him the insight from things he went through himself uh and and all the experience he picked up from being around Manny Shu and the crank. So I think I think Ben was always going to probably make the move to um a more experienced professional trainer than Joe, but at the time things were winning. You just kick it down the road a little bit and it's not until a loss or a performance that was like a loss where you then actually make those changes. But it it could potentially, should Ben come through in style tomorrow night, be the perfect storm with what happened because there has been a lot of intrigue. There's been a lot of people sort of interested in the fight that maybe might not have been interested. But if he does put on a show tomorrow, then it could be a really positive ending for him. It absolutely could. It absolutely could. And this is the thing with boxing because you make your own fixtures essentially. You never really know what's going to happen. Before that first fight, people felt like they did know what was going to happen. But it's kind of like he's resettitting an exam tomorrow night. The first time around, he was thinking in terms of what grade am I going to get? I need an A star. I need to look amazing. Tomorrow night is pass fail. It is pass fail. And he has to pass and he has to pass convincingly or people will continue to ask the questions. And he doesn't like people asking the questions. He can claim that he's zen as much as he wants. But as these two know, nobody likes that. Nobody likes being questioned as to your minerals particularly and your ability level. So it is past failed tomorrow night. It's a binary thing. And and the fact that it's just pass fail, it'll probably mean he performs well because when you know what I mean, it does totally completely. Um Johnny, before we go, you know what's coming. I knew it's going to come. What do you think? I think it's a clear clearcut win uh for Ben Whitaker and that might not go that go down very well in Sheffield because I think Liam's a great guy, but I think the class uh the the the style and the skill and the intell box intelligence IQ from Ben has to shine through shine through. I expect nothing less. Not going to ask you Andy for obvious reasons, but Matt, I think it'll be a close hard competitive fight. Uh, but I think Ben will'll be sharper this time and he'll navigate the distance better and uh he'll win on points in it. But I think it'll be a tough hard fight. It's those questions. We all want them to be answered, don't we? And hopefully they will be on Sunday night. We would love your company. Uh we shall be on air from 7:00 Sky Sports Action and also Sky Showcase. Hopefully see you there. Heard they had