Kind: captions Language: en And now it is time for the main event. The rematch from Saudi Arabia earlier this year that has taken the public by a storm. Will be one of the bigger fights this year. It's all live on Sky Sports this Easter Sunday from right here in Birmingham. I'd like to thank our official partners, Bet Fred, Riad Season, Nat Prize Guy, Hell Energy, Car Finance 247, and Champion. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the main event on Sunday, 10 threeminute rounds in the light heavyweight division. The rematch promoted by Ben Shalom, boxer in association with Frank Warren of Queensbury Promotions. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. He holds a professional record of 23 victories versus six defeats and one draw with 10 of those wins coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of Sheffield, England. Introducing the former Commonwealth Middleweight Champion. Ladies and gentlemen, Liam Cannonball Cameron. Here he comes. As Mo said there, former Commonwealth Champion, a career of a few different parts really. He was a really good amateur. won a senior elite title, a GB title. At that point, as he looks back on it now, feels like he maybe should have stayed and tried for a place from that GB squad. It was a possibility. He turned pro. A decent amount of noise around him, but picked up some early defeats that I don't think were really in the script. Then came the 4-year ban for cocaine use which he disputed, but he had to sit it out. He had to serve it. It was a very, very difficult time for him. He went to some dark, dark places to say the least. There was the loss of his stepdaughter Tegan who tragically was killed in a car crash. There was just an awful lot really to overcome, but he managed to get back in the gym. There's been a good photo that's been doing the rounds of him training alongside Daltton Smith on his first week back. And you look at the size of him, the shape of him. And then you look at him now and he's boxing southpaw up there, Matt. This is quite a standard sort of trick, isn't it? Ahead of a big fight, somebody's going to come in and just do something uh a little bit different. He's capable of it. It's something he can do, but maybe just messing with it a bit. I I would say so. Um I mean this that doesn't mean he might he might not switch Southpaw momentarily in a fight. Well, I don't think he's going to come out and box the whole fight southpaw by any stretch. Um I think the tactics will be pretty simple. I think he's going to come out and take the fight to Ben Whitaker. Try and walk him down. Not in a gung-ho reckless manner, but in an educating pressure kind of way. I think he's going to try and make Ben work harder than he wants to and then hope to catch up with him. in the second half of the fight. I think early on you're going to say you'd have to favor the early rounds. Should be Ben Whitaker's because he's faster, he's got more range, it it should suit him, but as fatigue and intensity and all that plays a part, that's when someone like Cameron, you'd imagine, would be looking to kind of put his foot on the gas and come on second half. I I bet you're absolutely right because I I'd love to know what was going on in his head in in the first few rounds of that fight against Whitaker, say when we got to rounds four and five, because he was probably thinking to himself, I can't believe this, but he's fighting my fight. He's making this job, which I always back myself to be able to do, but he's playing right into my hands because, as you say, he does bring educated pressure. He takes his space with that front foot. He creeps in on you. Nice tight guard. doesn't slip much, blocks mostly, but does ride punches. He doesn't just come forward and take everything full force on the way in. And the idea is as soon as he gets close enough, he'll let his hands go. And he's got a good solid chin on him. He's uh he's a here's what I do now, you try and stop me kind of fighter. And although you know what he's going to do, it doesn't make it easy to stop it. No. and and also Ben hasn't shown so far anyway that he's got the power to deter him, but you know, he might have the speed and the movement to outmaneuver him. Uh, but in terms of doing that at a pace that you're comfortable of sustaining over the distance, that's, you know, that remains to be seen. And that that's the absolute key to it really, isn't it? because he tried to have it with Cameron in the first fight and it was going wrong. It it was going wrong and it would have required quite the turnaround for Whitaker in the second half for him to have won that fight. We've seen a lot of fights cuz sometimes you feel like you've seen the movie before and we felt like we knew what the ending was going to be to that to that film back in Saudi Arabia. Now, what Cameron will have emerged knowing from that first fight was that the Ben Whitaker of that night didn't have power that could really trouble him. And he'll be thinking that he's going to get the same guy again. Won't necessarily be true because he's with a new trainer now with Takurin Andy Lee. Somebody who was taught to punch hard by Emanuel Stewart at the Kron. He knows it's perfectly possible to teach someone to punch harder and with the kind of mechanics and balance that Whitaker has got, he's a prime candidate for it. I guess it's just a question of is the eight weeks or seven weeks that they've had together long enough to get that extra bit of power so that when Cameron tastes it on Sunday, it's different to what he tasted the first time around. Well, we're going to find out. Um, but certainly if I was Cameron, I would have myself mentally prepared for a better Ben Whitaker. Liam, drama has surrounded this fight since the moment you and Ben flipped over the top rope in Saudi. How happy are you to finally be getting back in the ring to fight him? Finally. I can't believe it. Finally took this long, but thank you everyone for coming out. Means a lot. You know, as far as confidence, you've said that this is the most confident you've ever felt going into a fight. Why is that? Cuz I've learned a lot about myself in the last 6 months. I believe in myself. I know why I'm here. As a little kid picking that boxing news up at 9 years old, I um pictured this moment. I prayed for these moments and they're here. How can I complain? How have you found the uh fast rise in popularity? There's a lot of people here today even that will be rooting for you to win. Yeah, there's a lot. There's a few Birmingham people wanted me to win. Yes, they're shouting there. But may the best man win it. Looking forward to Sunday. What version of Liam Cameron has to be there to win this fight? What do you have to do to beat when Whitaker? Like I said, at me best my best version will be coming out and that's all I pray for. Looking forward to it. Good luck. I find him interesting Cameron Matt from a a kind of psychological standpoint because that that was kind of classic Liam Cameron. He's he's quite humble. He is happy to, you know, acknowledge the crowd, all those kinds of things. But then he just slips in the fact that there's quite a lot of people from Birmingham who actually want him to win. He said that when the gloves are off, he just manages to put in these little digs, these little body shots, these verbal jou that are aimed to kind of unsettle and annoy. And you can see it. He's quite good at it. Yeah. And it's quite matterof fact, isn't he? You know, definitely very humble, but also quite matterof fact. Uh so I don't think he'll get swayed with height in a good way or a bad way. You know what I mean? He's quite levelheaded. Just looking at him away to our right hand side. He looks in he looks in good shape. He looks well and first time around he was a middleweight super middleweight. Now a light heavyweight has been since his return had that fight with Lindon Arthur took Lindon Arthur to a split decision. That was that was a good outing for him and I think that performance against Arthur was what got him the fight against against Whitaker. And it's just it's amazing boxing isn't it? because you never know what you're going to get. Every now and again, people kind of feel like, well, what's going to happen in this division? What's going to happen in that division? And then something completely mental happens like it did in that first fight and all of a sudden we've got a rematch to a fight that no one ever knew we needed in the first place. Yeah. A little bit like the Frutt Groves fight. The first fight the first fight people weren't that into. Frutt thought he was beyond that level, etc. And then we got the fight that we got and because of the controversy at the end, it set up the biggest fight, one of the biggest fights in in British boxing history at the time. I don't know how many it was 18,000 or whatever it was, you know, and a massive pay-per-view event that everyone wanted to be at. So, you know, you know, like I say, the first fight with Cameron and uh Whitaker, I don't I don't think people were like majorly overly excited about it, but everyone's excited about this one. Yeah, absolutely, Liam. We would just say thanks for coming up, by the way. We're just saying that everyone is excited about this one because in this sport, you just don't know, do you? We had that first fight in October and then something crazy happens. You get that narrative and here we are. Well, yeah, we're here now. Um, like I said, up there, I prayed for these moments as a kid buying my first boxing news mic and yeah, I prayed for it and it's here. I can't wait. And in terms of the preparation, it has taken probably a bit longer than you might have wanted it to, but I've been I've been watching the stuff you've been doing on um Boxing King Media with with your mate Hassan. And you know, you keep it lowkey in the preparations, but there's a there's a steal and a resolution about you and I love the crafty little digs you've been giving Whitaker in the gloves are off and elsewhere. I just think I've been honest. I don't think I've been giving him digs. I've just said it how it is and like I'm only telling truth in it. Do you know what I mean? But yeah, it's been good build up. But when I boxed Ben last time, I had a year where a year in the ring. Now I've had an extra six months in the gym. I ain't been on holidays. I've been back in that gym working hard. I've had no time off. And that's, you know, that that kind of dedication is is what you need because he would have been confident that this date was coming. He just didn't know when. Yeah. So, you know, staying staying ready, staying in decent shape. maybe don't have to be peak fitness, but in good physical fitness makes it uh peaking a lot easier when they do get the call. So, there's been a change for him. He's got a new trainer now. Do you feel that the seven or eight weeks is enough time for him to bring something different? Do you feel he's capable of showing you something different to what you've already seen? If he were that confident, it said he'd have called me bluff and go, you know what? I'm going to fight you 12 rounds. But it didn't. You know what happened to get me to 10. Okay. Well, thanks very much. We'll let you go. We'll see you around the rest of the week. As he says there, he feels like he's just been telling the truth. I feel there's more to him. I feel there's kind of like more to his game. He's an experienced not just professional, but he's an experienced human, isn't he? Given all the stuff that he's been through. And I think when you've been through all of that, if you manage to come out the other side, and that's not a given, but if you do, I think you emerge with a really good idea of who you are. And I think in boxing in particular, that's a really valuable thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's um life lessons, you know, there's wisdom from experience and especially from painful experience, you know, and uh but then you can transfer those lessons into the boxing as well, you know, and the preparation, particularly the mindset and the the drive or the fears, all that sort of stuff. Yeah, 100%. So, now we are just waiting for Ben Whitaker. I'm just having a little look around. He will make an entrance because that's the way he likes to do things. And since he's too a professional, there was a huge spotlight after the Olympics. You you know about this because you two and throw at 18. There's a lot of expectation on you Olympic silver medal, but you've got an idea of what it's about. You and him are different characters though because what he chose was to max it out and take on this persona of love me or hate me, you're going to want to watch me. That's a hard road to go down. Very few people that I've come across who genuinely what people think and he will have found out in the last six months that things can turn really quickly. Yeah, it is very interesting point because I heard someone say like you know the likes of Naz I I genuinely don't think really cared what people thought of him. Well, I don't get that feeling with Ben like cuz Ben Whitaker's persona, ring persona is very different to Ben actually as a person, you know. I think that's why he probably felt a bit, you know, when you said he was disrespectful. I think that probably hurt him because he doesn't he's not a disrespectful person, but his ring persona was disrespectful, let's say, to his opponent. like I make you right. But I understand why it probably affected him negatively because he's not a disrespectful person. He's a nice guy. So his ring persona and who he actually really is are quite different people. So I wonder how the real Ben, you know, being all the criticism, all the flack he's received, how's he taken that? And it sounds kind of mad to say, but I think it is accurate. It's early in his pro career still, but this is a massive night for him if he doesn't manage to win the fight on Sunday night. And that doesn't mean that he can't go on and achieve things. But as you said right at the top of the show, you feel like he's probably not going to go on and do the things that he wants to do, which is become an absolute star of the sport, a unified champion, a pay-per-view attraction. But there's a good chance that this situation he's almost backed himself into in a way is exactly what he needs. Because if he is the diamond that we think he can be, pressure makes diamond as people always say, maybe this is what he needs to happen. Definitely. Definitely agree with all that. Um he feels, you know, he's beyond this level that he's testing for all the way world champion superstardom. um and and people, you know, underperforming, not getting up for fights, that can be a problem. So, you know, that that that isn't going to be a case in this fight. You know, in a lot of ways, you could say the career is on the line. Like I say, a loss wouldn't mean he has to retire, but it probably means the road back to the superstardom where the trajectory he's on is probably a while, you know, he's a hard road back. So, he's on his way into the into the ring now. And now, ladies and gentlemen, in the ring, undefeated, eight victories versus no defeats in one draw from Daron, West Midlands, England. Please welcome the Olympic silver medalist, the current reigning defending IBF International Light Heavyweight Champion, ladies and gentlemen, the surgeon, Ben Whitaker. [Applause] So Whitaker and Cameron are going to have a little face off in the ring before Whitaker does his workout. I don't think Liam Cameron wants to hang around and watch Ben Whitaker's workout. I think he wants to go, which is fair enough. So I think that's why they want to get this done first. Andy Lee up in the ring there. Whitaker's new trainer obviously train Joseph Parker, Patty Donovan, and now also Hamza Shiraz. There's a kind of cartoon character. Ladies and gentlemen, this fight is nearly sold out with Whitaker. There's always something Easter Sunday. You can get final tickets at boxer.com back. Okay. So, as I said, the uh the gentleman who's or lady who is wearing this wearing this suit will be very very hot. I can tell you that because it's quite warm inside the ball rings and now maybe we're going to get Liam Cameron come up. But with Whitaker, it generally tends to be the Whitaker show. He enjoys a ring walk. He enjoys the spectacle. And and you would have seen the the uh picture on social media from a few days ago, Matt. I think it was maybe the end of last week when they've done their final session, him and Andy, and he was absolutely ripped to a shred. He's 6' three and light heavyweights this awkward division where when you go above it you're into cruiserweight and that's a 25 lb yawning chasm of a division but he looks in sensational shape. Yeah. And you know what he he can't really go to cruiserweight. He really can't because he's not a puncher. So it would be to step up to cruise it would be really hard for him I think to keep those bigger bigger guys off. Uh but he's a big big light heavyweight. uh very tall, rangy, uh loads of skills. Uh and he's going to have to use those skills if he's if he's going to out maneuver, out think out box Cameron for the 10 rounds. He needs to be on point. He needs to perform uh as we as we believe he can. Both clubs just being pulled on. So Andy Lee had Joseph Barker in Saudi Arabia on February the 22nd. Then Patty Donovan in Belfast on March the 1st. Since then he's been able to work uninterrupted as far as I'm aware with Ben Whitaker. He's made that move over to Dublin. I saw a little bit of behind the scenes stuff. He's taken quite the small team over there with him. And watching the gloves are off. that what was interesting was he said Whitaker that this kind of thing was always coming moving to a new trainer because he knew that when he was training at home he was tending to run the show himself and he always looked in great condition. So it's not like you're not doing the things that you should be doing. But the reality of life as a pro boxer or pro alete is that you need someone else telling you what you should be doing. You don't get to decide. Exactly. Um, and I I guess it's something he he always knew was going to happen, but they just kept kicking it down the road a little bit because when you're winning and performing well, we'll sort it next one. I'll sort it next one. Or you start think, oh, you know, it's working for me. Why do we need to change? So, it's rarely it's rarely people change until they have to, you know, cuz people you'd rather be comfortable than uncomfortable. You know, it's human nature, isn't it? Until you had a bit of pain and even if we didn't lose, it would have felt like a loss. [Music] I've not seen any kind of training footage out of the gym. I think they've kept it very much under wraps. They train at Bali Brock in Monstown and it's a good beat that he's got into over there. But we we talked about earlier on and you know Andy really well. When Andy was an amateur, he was a very good amateur. Went to an Olympic games had the offer from the comp from Emanuel Stewart who' been sucking him in his amateur day and if he decided when he first got there because the currency of the prom was knockouts. Winning on points was no good. You know, you get a big high five if you knock somebody out. you might get a fairly well done if you want on points because it was a pose get it done inside the distance and they taught him how to punch hard to the point where he's remembered now as a knockout artist really Andy isn't he? Yeah big time he knows that you can teach someone to punch hard and that's really what we feel like he needs to do with Whitaker. It's not the only thing but if that power can be improved and increased then that's the big thing. Yeah, we we we know we athletic ability and the movement and the like I said he's got a confidence in his own ability to slip and slide and roll underneath shots. Um but a lack of power is something that I guess we've all picked up on so far in his career. But with Andy, Andy wouldn't have been known as a puncher in the amateurs, but you know, with a Manny Manny Stewart, he had him sitting down on his shots. Uh, you know, getting the proper leverage behind the punch, getting the the shot landing at the right bite distance, and um, you know, Whisker is athletic. He is an athlete. He's got that ability. So, I think he's just getting him set up properly and and and teaching him where the the biting point is, where this is where the maximum power in the shot is. So the pair of them are now up in the ring for a little bit of a a face off and and that's it as you say there. You know a lot more about this than me and when you've got the kind of balance and coordination that he's got. Ladies and gentlemen, this has been a highly anticipated rematch. The perfect pupil in a lot of ways. But you look at Cameron up there in exactly the right way. Liam Cameron looks totally bored of this, doesn't he? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I think Cameron just wants to get get out of the way now. [Music] He feel like he's he's played his part in the promotional part of the event tonight. Obviously, they're going to be see each other again tonight. The presser then there's the waves and a little bit to see each other. So, he's going to need his bit of a workout. He probably just wants to get out of there now. Cameron for the BP live Arena here in Birmingham on Easter Sunday live on Sky Sports. So, this has gone on a while. I've not been timing it, but um well, they turn away now at exactly the right time. It's early in fight week to go getting sucked into any stareoff contest, but we see them. Of course, we had the 11 minutes and 16 seconds against between Tyson Fury and Alexander Usyk uh back before Christmas, which was tremendously entertaining. It barely seemed possible for two humans to stare at each other the way they did for quite such an extended period of time, but it's been a good start today. It's been a good turnout for the fighters. They rattle through the workouts nice and quickly and you can just see the the feeling there between the two of them for this main event because we we're talking in terms of most people are of how crucial this is for Ben Whitaker, but Liam Cameron is just packing his bag to to go now. He he he's not a guy who wants to be a supporting player in someone else's story. He wants to beat Ben Whitaker and kick on to world level. Yeah, like you you alluded to in the buildup, he was an AIA champion on the elite squ. He's a winner. The guy wants to win. He's here. Uh and he believes he was winning that fight or was certainly going to go on to win it. Um and this to get a win on Sunday night will catapult his career and particularly with the layoff that he had with the band. I'm pretty sure he's a man that's kind of making up for last time. So, um, yeah, it's we're, you know, most people here in Birmingham, they're probably on the Ben Whitaker train, but Liam Cameron's on the Liam Cameron train. Yeah, he absolutely has. And training out of that Steel City gym. He started there, went to the Engle gym, then came back there. Grant Smith, Pierce Gooden, they've got a really good setup there. He feels very, very at home. And it's been a long time coming as well. I think he was wondering at one point whether this would happen, but as I understood it, Whitaker was always adamant from the beginning that this had to happen. Sometimes in recent times, there have been occasions where you felt the fighters took rematches where they didn't necessarily need to do it next, but not this one. Right from the start, you said, "Look, he's got to roll this back and he's got to do it straight away." Yeah. I I I don't think Ben Whitaker could have moved on in his career uh and justified the hype if he didn't put this to bed. You know, I think for him to move forward, he has to deal with Liam Cameron. And how do you think, it's a difficult question because I'm asking you to put yourself into the kind of head of a of another human, but how do you think the last few months have have been for him? Because you mentioned earlier on that you feel like the persona is maybe not quite him. He went very quiet on social media as the very few interviews, but he's had to live in his own head all of that time. He's been waiting for this chance to show everyone that he is the real thing. But it's taken some patience, I'd imagine. Yeah, look, he's human, so he'll have self-doubts and he'll also have self-belief and he'll he'll look back on tough times in his life, in his career, and and and times when he came through those tough times and through those challenges and when he was doubting himself, but then he he went on to achieve and and he'll be sourcing confidence, I imagine, from past challenges that he got past, you know, that. So, you know, he he didn't just land here, you know what I mean? He's here because he's achieved, achieved, achieved. So, be looking back on this fight has been met with radio silence from you. Is that your way of saying the time for talking is done? It's work time, baby. My hometown near enough. Uh, Midland's boxing's back and u I'm excited to show what we do. A couple of changes this camp, you've added Andy Lee, a fantastic trainer. How has that relationship gelled and how will that help you come Sunday? Yeah, it's amazing combination. You just look at his resume, he was a world champion. He's been in the camps with the Kron fighters and uh it speaks for itself. We've um got a great partnership. It's like a father and son relationship and the structure, the cam, everything's been there. So, I'm excited. Liam saying he's very confident, more confident than he's ever been going into this fight. You're always very confident going into a fight. What do you expect on Sunday? What kind of version of Liam? And what version can we expect of Ben Whitaker? I expect a victory. Then we're going to get some curry goat straight after. Looking forward to it. Final prediction W and then we'll meet everybody backstage with some curry goat plans in dumplings. You know the scope. Looking forward to it. So I think uh I think Ben Whitaker's going to going to wander over for a for a quick chat. Interesting. He described the relationship there with Andy Lee as as father and son. I'd imagine Andy's kind of standing there thinking, "Older brother, Ben, older brother." Um, okay. Here he comes. Here he comes. We'll just come this side. I'll just wait for I'll just wait for the volcano that this big mo to subside so we can we can hear ourselves. We won't keep you very long. You were talking about the the hookup with with Andy Lee. Do you feel different physically, mentally? Yeah, probably just mentally, you know, it's the structure I needed. Um, my my last coach is amazing, but it was only so far he could take me and I'll turn up and say, "This is what I'm doing today. This the next day where Andy, he's done it with Joe Parker. He's done it with Patty Donovan and he's done it himself. He was a world champion. So, he knows the structure. He knows what a fighter should do. And sometimes for me, it was a little things. When he told me to have a rest, I rested. We're at home. If someone told me to rest, I'll go and do another two sessions. So, just little things like that. What one thing we've been talking about this week, me and me me and Mlin, is when Andy went to the Kron, they taught him how to really punch hard. Is that one of the reasons why why you went there and and is that something you've been working on? Maybe so. Maybe so. But for me, it was everything. At the end of the day, you respect someone that's been there and done it. He's been in hard fights, world title fights, up and down fights, and not only that, he's a great person. You know, he's somebody come back to the corn and when he says something, you listen to it. And that's what I like. That relationship between train big time. You got to have that trust there. It's all about the relationship. When had a tough round, you come back. You want to whatever that guy says to you, you can't be doubting it or questioning it. It's just got to go straight and you take it as gospel. We we were thinking when you described it as a father-son relationship, I I kind of saw it in Andy's eyes there and thinking, "Come on, Ben. Older brother. Older brother." So, how have you found the buildup? I watched the Bubs are off um available on Sky YouTube and on demand. And you He's quite crafty, Liam. I think he just gives these odd little digs, but you didn't bite. It seemed like a little bit of an effort not to bite at times, but you didn't bite. Luckily, I grew up in a household where we like to antagonize each other, wind each other up. And for me, I'm the biggest wind up merchant, so I know what he was trying to do. But like I said, amateur boxing is different. But I've been in many rematches before. And for me, this just another rematch. It's another fight. The circumstances what happened last time. We've not got them in this fight. So, we'll see. Have those circumstances though, and this is the last one, have they conspired really to create an environment and an atmosphere here that really you need? I like it. Yeah. I think as a pro boxer, you always want that face off. You always want this little grudge match. You always want this little rivalry or whatever. And I've got it and I'm excited. And I think me as a fighter, that's what I get out for. It's what I like to show out for and that's what I'm going to do. Okay. Thanks very much for joining us. We will uh we will wrap it up there. We will wrap it up there. Thanks very much for tuning in everybody. We'll be back with the press conference tomorrow. Uh we got the weighin on Saturday. Just keep having to remind myself that everything is a day later this weekend. And we go live on Sunday night 7:00 Sky Sports action and then we move over to main event. I think we're all over the place. We're all over several different channels. And as I've been saying throughout the course of this, do catch up when the gloves are off because there's no table flipping, but it just gives you an insight into the psychology of of these two a couple of weeks ago when they came into the Sky Studios. That's available on demand on our Sky Sports Boxing YouTube. Okay, from the Boring, I bid you good evening. We'll see you again.