Kind: captions Language: en And I think the reason that a lot of people were here, the fight that has stolen a hell of a lot of headlines has had a pretty turbulent buildup, you would say. Ben Shalom, uh, finally here. Feels like all arguments are finally settled now. It's been a pretty hot couple of weeks for you and, uh, the office and admin, but it is 10 rounds and how excited are you and probably a little bit relieved that, uh, we're now moving forward to Sunday? I'm excited. I mean, it's been a long time since October. A lot has happened. To be fair, this was the fight that we wanted as soon as that night finished. And so to get it on Easter Sunday, 20th of April in Birmingham, and to have this level of interest, as you say, the controversy, the rounds, it's all done now. And we focus on on a story that has just built and built and built. Ben Whitaker after nine fights, the level of interest in this man's career is off the scale. And uh yeah, I think Sunday night could break viewing bigger records. That's how much interest is in this fight. Liam Cameron has played his part. He's the underdog story. He's done extremely well to get here and I couldn't be happier for him as well having this opportunity and this platform and this payday. A great fight, a great story, but it all be settled on Sunday. It's really who wants to go first. I'll probably come I'll probably I'll probably come to you first talking. How has that sat with you? You I would say perhaps the the times that I've worked with you. Don't like to do too much talking, but you're top of the bill here. There's so much intrigue and uh interest in this fight, you've had to do a fair bit of talking. How confident are you in everything that you've said and everything that you've predicted? I've wished for this. I keep saying it. As a 9year-old kid, I bought my first boxing news. was a matter of being 8 year old and I dream for these moments and how can I complain I'm here I'm ready I'm in a lot better shape so may the best man win there's no hard feelings on any anything I've said or done so let the games begin in the ring now in terms of mentality though I'm interested first time round I I think there was less pressure on you there was it in in a number of ways I don't want to be disrespectful but the Ben Whitaker show rolled into town in Saudi Arabia, there was a lot of eyes on on the phenomenon and the social media numbers and everything like that and maybe you came out the shadows a little bit. Now you're in the bright lights and there is a degree of expectation on you. How you're coping with that this time around? I've got off for Britain. I'm not obviously Ben's got his supporters but I've got way more supporters what want me to do their job. I've won lottery. I've absolutely won the lottery. Um, it's been mad. I'm just buzzing. I'm absolutely ecstatic. Big word for me. But do you feel you gave us a line yesterday that by getting the fight over 10 rounds, that's a one- nil win to you. Yeah. They pay me an absolute fortune to get it from a 12 round. I would have just said if I I were Ben, I'm fighting you 12. I'm going to psychologically edge that cuz he could have called my bluff. I could have been one into the 10 all this time, but it is what it is. It's 10 rounds, 6 minutes less. Do you think last time that he was not giving you full respect, but this time you should be prepared for a better Ben Whitaker. Can he be better? Can you be better? I suppose in a number of ways, do you have to be? Well, everyone's saying how better Ben's going to be. When I boxed Ben, I had a year in the ring now. I've had is it been 16 months? I've had an extra six month in the gym. I ain't been on holidays to Dubai and stuff. I've been in that gym. So, I've given myself the best opportunity and I've grabbed every opportunity I have with Bands and I made the most of what I can get and that's where I am. You said that you built him up to be a monster in your head last time. Now you've shared the ring with him. Do you fear him as much? Do you surely have to build him up to be a monster again to get the best out of yourself or am I well off here? I'll put myself in a frame of mind um a mental state um where I'll be scared. I'll be that scared dog in that change room and that brings the best out of me. If I were I'm confident now, but like I want to get into that scared feeling. I'll come back to you, Ben. It's here now. I mean, I think that when both of you went over the top rope that it had to happen again and here we are, top of the bill, hell of a lot of intrigue around it, a lot of focus on you. Would you concede that there is pressure on you either from yourself and your team or the outside noise that you do feel the pressure to deliver on Sunday? Uh firstly I want to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ because if it wasn't for him he wouldn't be here and just like Elvis said man once a soldier always a soldier so I'm ready. Talk me through the changes that you've made obviously now with Andy Lee. What has been different this time round? Well firstly we're in Ireland. Um we've got structure and it's been a great camp. He's a great person to be around. I'm picking up things. I'm learning things and it's a great person to be with. What about mentality wise? Did you perhaps take your eye off the ball last time round that uh you were looking past him and how do you guard against doing the same again this time? I believe that was the best chance to get me and he didn't. Now Sunday it's all fresh. It's all new and uh we'll see. You haven't been asked about it so I will. uh the 10 12 rounds debacle. Uh he says if he were if he was you he would have called the bluff and said I'll I'll box you over 12. What is your take on uh what was a lot of headline writing about uh 6 minutes? Well, last night I got told it was eight. You know what I mean? Can I stop you there? Please don't. I thought it was a eight rounder if I'm honest. You know what I mean? So uh I don't really know what the rounds will be but we'll see. Would you be confident enough to say you don't need 10? That makes a good headline. And listen, we've done all the work in in the gym. We've done many, many rounds and we'll see. What did you learn about yourself first time round? That I look good even on the floor. Do you have a a direct message for Liam? I think the line in the gloves are off. I mean, there was a lot there in terms of the backlash. You know, you lapped that up and said, "I am that guy. That's why they're talking about me." Do you need to deliver on Sunday to confirm that you are that guy? Yeah, there's no need to our will. Uh I've got nothing against Liam. Like I said, it's just another fight. I'm happy what has happened to his career, but sadly we end that Sunday. What's your take on on that? I don't It's come beyond disrespectful at this point, but like said all this last time. Do you know what just may the best man win and I've done my training. he's done is he's had six weeks with Andy Lee and that's it. May the best man win. I'll shake his hand when we stood up there. Can accept it or he can't. In terms of linking up with a new trainer, can you tell us just one thing that maybe you've worked on? Because there is that old saying that when you link up with a new trainer, it may well be one step back before you take three steps forward, two steps forward. Uh, how much have you changed a physical approach and how much have you and Andy Lee been just looking at things from a mental point of view? How much in 12 weeks can you change 16 weeks? Yeah, I guess you'll see that on Sunday, but it's funny. A lot of people only think we started working together when we announced it. We've been together for a good while now, and that's what a lot of people don't know. We announced it when we announced it, but trust me, we've been in the gym. I've been over Ireland for a while. Been going back and forth. So, uh, it's all good. You're both confident obviously and you both had your say here. What will be your message? You you'll say when I win I'll say if you win what will your message be to people? I don't want to give it all away but trust me everybody that's picked that side stay on that side and what will your message be Liam? Thank you for everyone who's been involved what each side it's ever been. So yeah, thanks for everyone turning up and it's been magical and we're going to put on a big show. Ben, I'll invite Ben Shalom. I'll invite you uh perhaps one final thought from you uh before we let everybody have a face to face and uh one-on-one interviews. It's here. Final tickets atboxer.com. I think we got about 1,500 left in the whole arena. It is unprecedented, I have to say, for a fighter after nine fights to be headlining shows like this live on Sky Sports Super Sunday, Easter Sunday. Make sure you're there. 7:00 Sky Sports Action and also on Sky Showcase. We're going to break now. Just uh one minute of patience cuz I think they're going to move some tables out and then if everybody stays relatively in their seats, you'll get your shots and there'll be one-on- ones afterwards. Thank you very much for joining us. Tomorrow is a cere ceremonial weigh-in. So public are welcome. I think I'm right on it. Public are welcome. So come down and watch it. Johnny, your thoughts? What did you make of particularly our main event fighters, Ben Whitaker and and Liam Came? It was It's pretty pretty civil. Uh yeah, we're still none the wiser. Uh we probably expected some kind of um amazing oneliners from from Ben. I think Ben has he's been humbled and and I do believe it's probably bothered him and hurt him that there's one side or another. Um so it's his job to to and I'm quite sure said to him, look, you've got an amazing talent. Make sure you make the most of it. Don't don't be looking back in 10 years time thinking if only. So I think he's just got a more serious approach. Well, he has got a more serious approach than what we've seen before with him. We we touched on it beforehand and Matt, how much you know Andy Lee and what he will add to Ben, but also I guess what his sort of style is in terms of how will he take sort of Ben showboating and such like. I mean that that's not Andy wasn't like that himself, but I think I think he'll enjoy it and laugh it and cuz also Ben Whitaker really isn't that type of guy really anyway when you speak to him when it's out of his perspective. Very different. There isn't there. There's a very different Ben Whitaker outside of the rings to the one we see in or in fight week mode, should we say? Yeah. So, I think I think the real Ben Whitaker and Andy will get on really well and I think when he turns on puts on the fight mask and goes all flash, I think Andy will just laugh and realize that's his that's his boxing persona. Um, stylewise, like I said, I think I think Andy will be trying to get him to sit down on his shots more. Look look look to generate more power. When you spoke to Ben yesterday at the um open workouts, Ben was saying also what a sort of the mental side of things that he he's gone to Andy Lee for as well and how much that will help him and that's maybe more of the change for him than anything else. I think it's 75% for any fight that me the mental attitude, the mental approach when you get into the ring that makes or breaks a fighter. And I think for him um it's just about he knows he's talented. He knows sometimes you can run away with yourself and that's what he did. He run away with himself and to me the performance that I saw in Saudi uh from Benwood he bots as though it's said don't deal this I'm going to steal the show and he neglected what what what got him there in the first place. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. and and he's neglected that and in doing that he almost paid the price and so uh that's why he's been humbled and that's why mentally he's got to stay on point so he doesn't happen again because he gets through Sunday night and he starts getting some amazing wins again. What stops him develop developing from amnesia and doing this again at a higher level. So if this was to happen it's better it happened now than later on down the line when there's a lot more at stake. Ben has said that um back in October it was the worst version of himself, but he thinks it was the best version of Liam Cameron. What do you think to that man? I think there was an element of him underestimating him. I think I think he um possibly overtrained or got the weight a little bit wrong. You know, he got pretty tired pretty quickly in a fight. Uh he was unraveling which was alarming really. Um I don't think that will happen in this fight. I think he'll be well he can't he won't be it's impossible for him to overlook Cameron in this fight now I think he'll be he'll have the right amount of fear the right amount of nerves that the pressure will bring that that you know in in a lot of ways his career as he it's on the line really in terms of where he was what he projected himself to go on and achieve and to be a star etc that is on the line here if he was to lose you know it would be not saying the end but it'd be a long road back it's a steep a hill to climb, isn't it, for Ben Whitinger should he lose in terms of Midland talent. There's a real showcase, isn't there, on Sunday evening. Yeah. Well, Sam Edgington's always a fan favorite. He's going to be he's in a good fight with Lee Cutler. I think that will be I I fail to see how that will be anything but a good, hard, tough, entertaining, action-packed fight. Uh obviously Tyler Denny's always in great fights. Um and then on the uh on the sort of stream part of the card, there's some good fights on that, too. Yeah. Particularly uh Ballinger here. He's the uh brother of Michael McKinson. You know, he his dad trains him. Good boxing people. Well, school. Good respect there. Both of them spoke well of each other, didn't they? That they were aware of each other. And you know, unfortunately, their paths are crossed here and they're against each other. But I think I think this will be a good fight. Early on we saw Coleman against uh um Goldmith get on stage and Coleman's story I liked it even though Goldmith for M gym in Sheffield. I like Coleman's story because what he's done with his career fighters don't do it anymore. I did exactly the same thing and I thought he's handful. This kid's going to be handful. Now he's back on on home turf. It's a tough fight for Goldsworth. Uh and and so and I like that fighters are that that are willing to do that and not many fighters will do that these days. That's a good fight to look out for and it's a stage that they all want to shine on on Sunday evening. Just remind you we are on air from 7:00 on Sky Sports action and also Sky Showcase as well. So it is your Sunday evening entertainment sorted. Tyler Denny getting up here. Elvis a Hoger. I mean, he won over a lot of fans, didn't he, when he when he fought Callum Simpson. He he he came in at short notice. And I think a lot of people really warmed to him, didn't they? And he's got this opportunity again Tyler Denny. Well, he's a character for start. It was very funny. Uh very outspoken. You you can't but notice him, you know, he he makes sure you notice him. Uh and then in the fight with Simpson, he talked the talk, but he did go in and try and walk the walk. He okay he didn't beat Simpson but when I say a good he gave it everything he had. He gave it a rightful go. He didn't just roll over or quit or anything like that. And he was out of his depth freely but he didn't stop trying. And you know this one with Denny who doesn't he's not as big as Simpson doesn't carry the power of Simpson. He may be able to make this a more competitive fight. What do you reckon Johnny in in this one? I think he's naturally the bigger man. remember the weight he we we saw him in against uh Simpson with now he's going to go in there and I think his strength uh and his aggressive style will make this a hell of a fight and I'm a massive fan of Tyler Dennis but he's done it the hard way isn't he's done it the hard way but he just need to be smart needs to be cute because this in the fight in Elvis might be too big too strong so he's got to box bash and make sure he sticks out this is a tough fight for him because in there with a naturally bigger guy it's one of those fights that Tyler Daddy can't afford to overestimate mate him can he? Uh yeah, he can't afford to and and I I love the the the story of Tyler Denny and you know when he when he won your European title I went backstage had a word say look buy your house you know get yourself get yourself out of your flag you know he's packed his job in but he's investing one or two of the things I love to see fighters being successful where people don't expect it to to be I think he has overachieve in his career and he keeps overachieving I love seeing that he he loves being the underdog as well doesn't he thrives on that makes you a better fighter yeah in terms of this one Fraser Clark then on very much on the comeback trail from last October when it was I mean Matt it was a brutal brutal injury wasn't it in the fight against Fabio Wardley no one saw that one coming takes on Ebenezeta here Fraser to me looks very trim Matt looks in really really good shape yeah I thought so as well and I said that to you he looked uh slimmer trimmer look you know again we talk about Ben Whitaker's career being on the line here. Certainly for Frraasier too, you know, with with I think there are questions there are question marks over how he will bounce back from the defeat against Wardley because it was a pretty bad traumatic knockout, wasn't it? And there could you know there could be demons there. That's I was going to ask that as a fighter for both of you really when you have suffered you know an injury to that extent shall we say how much does it play in the back of your mind when you get back in the ring when fighters watch a fight and even they are shocked by a knockout stoppage you know it's bad so so and and I don't care what anybody says they are going to be watching Faser when they box on Sunday night thinking just looking for the the slightest thing that doesn't seem right they've been looking thinking how's he going to react when he gets hit you're going to be looking for that because of what we saw. We all saw it. I We weren't even ringing side for that. But but if you at home watching that and if you're ringside, you knew how bad it was. So there's a concern there. Fraser seemed a bit disgruntled, a bit a bit a bit upset that people are doubting whether or not he can bring it back. But he's got to understand that's coming from a good place, not coming from a bad place. So I'm just curious to his favor in the ring on Sunday evening because that could give him the extra fire in his belly, you know, to prove the doubters wrong maybe, but also with his opponent. Once you know it can happen once, you can you know it can happen again. Yeah, just touching on who we just saw up there facing off Sam Edgington and Lee Cutler. I mean Touchnet Edgington two fights of the years he's been involved in. I don't think we've ever seen Sam Edgington not in an exciting fight and Lee Cutler too. So, it does have the ingredients to be well. I mean, I I would say it's almost assert that that fight's going to be a humpinger. [Music] What kind of Ben Whitaker, Johnny, do you think we're going to see on Sunday? Well, I'm not feeling them boots he's got at the moment, but Oh, I've just seen them. I think this Ben Whitaker will be of a a more serious attitude, a more serious approach regards to what what he said or what we expect or what we used to. He'll be more serious when the bell goes and he knows he has to get everything in play. He can't afford to give Lame any chances at all. So, he's got to be on point. Don't disrespect him. Think I'm going to walk through here. He's got to use his intelligence. Think I'm the better boxer and the more unorthodox boxer. I'm going to show him what I'm good at and why I'm good at it. for Liam Matt. He had five rounds to download what Ben Whitaker was like. What do you think he learned from that fight? Cameron. Yeah. Um well, he if it's the same Ben Whitaker, he'll know he can get to him. He know he can hurt him. He'll know that uh he fades. But but I also think Cameron knows that it's unlikely to get the same Ben Whitaker, you know, for whatever reason. I think he he'll he said last time he put himself in a a place where he was a scared dog, didn't he? Where he so he built Ben Whitaker up to be this person cuz that's how he performs better when he is a bit scared. So this fight was quite interesting, wasn't it? Liam Cameron saying that he needs to have that sort of scary monster in his head and that he'll take himself to that place in his dressing room on Sunday before the fight. Even fighters like Mike Tyson need you need to be put in that fearful situation to box to the best of your ability. The ones that are complacent, think I've got this done, they make mistakes like like uh Ben Whitiki did. And so so when you when that complacency comes, that's dangerous. That's more dangerous than going in there fighting like a like like a cornered animal. Can you see it going the distance? Yeah. Do I think it probably will go the distance? I think it'll be I think it'll be competitive whatever way it goes. Johnny, what do you think? Can you see it going the distance? Can you Or does Ben does he need to put on a show? We know him as a showman. know he loves to showboat, but does he just need to get the win and do it well or do we need to see sort of a Ben Whitaker fullon style? I think we're going to have to wait a while for that transition with him and Andy Lee to come to fruition. I think it'll be a points win for a hard points win uh for Ben Whitaker. Uh which is a good part of his learning as a as a professional fighter. It is one of those fights, isn't it? It has a lot of intrigue. A lot of people are fascinated to see what is going to happen second time around and it's a brilliant undercard as well. Johnny Matt, thank you for your company. Tomorrow, as Andy mentioned, it is a ceremonial weigh-in. That is at 3:00. We'd love your company for that. But as for Sunday evening, the show itself, 7:00 Sky Sports action and also Sky Showcase.