Kind: captions Language: en That's what you call a classic. I think the right man won, but it was a great fight from both parts. Some many had a draw, but that was unanimous in the end. Yeah, I think the right man won. Um, but it was a great fight. Both had great heart and it was the fans loved it. Conor Ben's come out of a lot of credit in my opinion. You know, he I he weathered the storm and he dug deep against the bigger guy and and Chris Eubank Jr. dug deep really deep at times. I don't think he enjoyed that at all. And he sort of he never lets his his guard down uh outside the ring. He does a few times inside the ring, but outside the ring, he don't. Congratulations to Chris. Congratulations to Connor for putting a beautiful, beautiful fight, you know. I enjoyed that. I think everybody enjoyed that, you know. It was unbelievable. Would you like to see it again or with Chris Dana now? Yes, we would like to see it again. What a fight. What a fight or to the last bell. I probably had the first due to to Connor and then I then I probably had Eubank winning the winning most of the the last like eight. But it was so competitive like back and forth punch for punch. It were an amazing fight. But I think that Eubank did deserve to win. You think he just did enough in the end? Just did enough especially the last three rounds as well. Then punched in bunches. He didn't didn't quite have the the the power to stop Connor, but he weren't far off. But yeah, what a fight. What a fight. Fight of the year already for me. Want to see it again? And I'd love to see that again. I'd love to see that again. Maybe next time in Wembley. We'll see. We'll see. Yeah, it was an amazing fight. Like those 12 rounds of just ruthlessness from both fighters, you know, Eubank with the heart. Connor Ben with the chin and the heart as well. You know, it was a it was a great fight. Like honestly, like I want to see it again. I was just about to ask you that. Did I know Eubank's got the decision, but did he do enough for for a draw? It was very close. It was very close, but I just feel like, you know, the last couple rounds Eubank did age forward, but you know, they're going to have a rematch. have to have a rematch, you know, like the both fathers had two rematches, they're going to have another one. So hopefully that that will be good. Great fight, you know what I mean? Great fight. Lived up to expectations from round one to round 12. All action, do you know what I mean? Don't let the dads down. History in the making. The Suns have gone at it tonight. Turkeyy's just announced a rematch. But I mean, will you junior won a rematch? He's won. I don't know. Do you know what I mean? That's the biggest fight, money fight for him out there. And it were very competitive. So, why not do it again? What's your thoughts on Connor Ben's performance? I thought he were very good. Do you know what I mean? He had he had quite a bit of time out, jumped up weight, you know, he's not he's not he's not the he's not the the baddest man on the planet middleweight Eubank, but listen, you know, he jumped up that way. He had that energy. He boxed well, you know what I mean? He boxed well. Um, I didn't know what to expect, you know what I mean? But, you know, it's it were an entertaining one. You look well.