Kind: captions Language: en John, it's a pleasure to meet you tonight. Um, how proud of you are you with your son over the last few years? Listen, we got three boys, one girl. Proud of all my children. They work extremely hard in what they do, but Johnny is a special young man. He puts his heart and soul into everything. And what you see is what you get. So, couldn't be prouder as a as a dad or a mom and a dad. And do you know what, John? I didn't handle it well after this fight, his latest fight against Dave. And he speaks so well. Listen, it's a fight at the end of the day. It's two men. One man wins, one man doesn't. He he tried his best. Wasn't good enough on the night and he can live with that. So fair play to Dave. He boxed a great fight. Johnny come again. Being boxing defeats don't mean as much anyway. It's about coming again. Look at look at Derek's. Look at Dave Allen. I know. Listen, you can take a lot of solace out of even Dave Allen as you say, six losses, seven losses. And uh listen, John is a young man. One loss don't define you. It's what you do after that loss that defines you. So onwards and upwards. How much has it meant to you for well not just your son but you to be involved in heavyweight British boxing? Unbelievable. It's still a dream come true. You know, whatever we do every day, it's a different story. And to be around the people that Johnny mixes with is a is a true honor. I mean, I just met Frank Bruno again in there. Idol of mine growing up. It's it's weird. It's it's wonderful. And how much does it mean for Johnny and for you like going forward all the next fights? How much you going to be part of it? How much you involved with him? Listen, I don't get involved with his boxing. That's down to him and his team. I get involved with mobilizing the troops, tickets, and you know, the fans. He's got a wonderful support base. He's got a wonderful lot of sponsors. He's a a gifted young man in that respect. But what you see is what you get as I said before. So, people can relate to him and long continue. And when back in the day, do you watch a bit of Sky Sports Boxing? Sky Sports Boxing. I was just looking at a lot of the photos in there and when Eddie and Metroom was with Sky. Great times. Sky Sports Bosch. Sky Sports Boxing Bash.