Kind: captions Language: en We're going to start though with some big breaking news as world championship boxing returns to Sky Sports. Andy Scott is with me. Andy, you can give us all the details. What's coming our way? &gt;&gt; Well, I cannot tell you how much I've missed this breaking news. Boxing is back on Sky Sports. Have you missed us? &gt;&gt; In fact, in fact, don't answer that. Don't answer. We have &gt;&gt; But I'm delighted to say so. It's April 5th, Easter Sunday, MVP. So, most valuable promotions, the brainchild of uh Jake Paul and Nikisa Bedarian. Their first ever UK show lands at the Olympia in London, which for boxing historians, that's the famous Nasim Hamemed uh flying carpet ring would be back in the hall there. Uh for two main events and a stacked undercard. So, the TV portion will be an all female card. And I don't want to say topped, but if we do them as two two co-main events, it'll be the long-running rivalry between Caroline Dubois and Terry Harper, the unified lightweight titles on the line, and Ellie Scotney going for all of the marbles trying to become the youngest undisputed champion, male or female from the UK in the four belt era. There's also uh some world titles on the undercard as well. So Chantel Cameron is back over 10 threeinut rounds. So that is interesting. Uh that's against uh Michaela Koskova and also Emma Dolan going for her first shot at world honors against Mexican champion Irma Garcia. So if I've missed anyone out, deepest apologies, but it's very very interesting. Chantel Cameron for the 10 threes, Emma Dolan, and of course those two main events I was talking about there. &gt;&gt; In terms of Caroline Dub and Terry Harper, where are they both at in their careers then at the moment? And what sort of fight can we expect from them? Well, if I'm being honest with you, um it is the fight in British boxing that people want to see. They don't particularly like each other. It's a longunning rivalry where both think they are the best at lightweight. So, the only way to settle it is to get it on. They're both under the MVP banner now. And I know that one of MVP's uh real pitches was, you know, let's get these champions unifying. Let's find out who the best can be in the division. Caroline Dubo, as you can see on the pads there, is with Shane McGwigan. She has this really TV friendly, easy on the eye, aggressive style. She punches hard. Uh she was on this run where if she hadn't knocked them out, she had dropped nearly all of her opponents. Most recently, she really broadened her horizons and her fan base. She went out and boxed on the Jake Paul Anthony Joshua under card worldwide on Netflix, wasn't it? Everybody watched it. and she put on a really really good performance where she got a lot of new admirers including Shakur Stevenson and that US audience. So she's coming in perhaps with the momentum against the Terry Harper experience, a three-weight world champion in her own right. very very familiar to Sky Sports viewers because she came through and she really um was part of that Trailblazer group if I if I could say that where she was in brilliant fights against Eva Walstrom, Natasha Jonas, people like that where she was not always a headline but high up on the card with a lot of eyeballs. Uh she's got a really really good fan base and she's a very technical boxer who's been there, seen it, done it, got the t-shirt. In fact, she's got a wardrobe full of it. She's very very uh good and like I said they got this long running rivalry where they exchange barbs on social media is the way now and uh let's get it on. Let's see who is the best at lightweight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Have them settle it in the ring. In terms of Ellie Scottney, she's going for a chance at greatness as well as she might be a slightly more unfamiliar name to sort of casual boxing fans, casual boxing viewers. How special though a talent is she? &gt;&gt; Incredibly special. And the truth is she should be more wellnown. She has got this brilliant personality. She's incredibly funny uh from Catford. She's deeply religious. She'll be going to church on Easter Sunday uh later in the day and then coming straight over to the venue. But she more than anything in boxing terms is a pure talent. She won't mind me saying she's not the biggest of punches. There isn't a stoppage inside the distance on her record. But what she doesn't have in power, she makes up for twofold inability. She's brilliant. She's easy on the eye. She has very high boxing IQ. She's another one out of that Shane McGwigan stable. Everything she does, you can see in these punches here, everything she does is correct. And I think, you know, we all have a little bit of a responsibility to try and build this profile up. She is one of the best talents in British boxing, in world boxing. And as I said at the start, if she can get over the line against Mielli Flores from Mexico, she will be the youngest from Britain to do it, male or female, in the four bell era. So, we wish her all the best of luck. Go and become undisputed. &gt;&gt; Wow, what a achievement that would be. Andy, thank you very much indeed. Great to have you with us and great to have this to look [music] forward to as well. You can see a fantastic night of women's boxing live on Sky Sports on [music] April the 5th from the iconic Olympia in London.