Kind: captions Language: en Well, good evening and welcome to Oakwell, the home of Barnesy Football Club. But on Saturday night, it plays home to the European Super Middleweight title between Callum Simpson and Ivan Zuko. Both fighters are now here. So, for the first time on Fight Week, we're going to bring the fighters together for a face to face. So, Callum, Ivan, so this is our main event, Saturday night, the vacant super middleweight European title between hometown favorite Callum Simpson, who we were here with August last year, and Ivan Zuko, our Italian visitor, who has more knockouts than Callum Simpson has wins. They will do battle in the center circle here at Oakwell on Saturday night. Okay, I'm gonna break both fighters now. Thank you. Very respectful head. Ted Ivan, if I could just bring you over. I know English not your first language, but we'll try. Um, how do you feel now that you are here in England having made the journey over from Italy? It is a very pleasure is uh a big step, the the main step of my life. uh many years of work and sacrifice uh take me here. What will it mean to you to take that European title back home to England? And I've already said to your management, Italians at the moment in in soccer football, you've been breaking a lot of English hearts. So, are you looking to break some more hearts on Saturday? is um is realize my my dream uh if I if I win the title and uh I'm sorry but I don't understand. It's okay. It was a it was a football joke that's been lost on everybody but Italian is very is very power but also the the box of Italian. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Let's talk about football, the better. But Callum, let me bring you in. It's uh he wants to break some some English hearts. I mean, how confident are you back in familiar surroundings? You boxed here before. Uh Yep. We've given him the big cell there. He's got more knockouts than you had professional wins, but bigger the test, bigger the challenge, bigger the performance hopefully from you. Yeah, I think you know every time that I've uh that I've stepped up, especially since I've been signed with boxer, every time I stepped up, I've more than delivered and it's going to be no different on Saturday. On Saturday night, what did we have here when it was just the east and it was full, wasn't it? There was no seats on the ground or anything like that. We're expecting somewhere in the region of 13 to 16,000 here. If the rain sort of stays away, it's going to be bigger and better than last time. What was that noise like last time just as you made your walk to the ring? It was pretty special to be here. What was it like to walk to it? Yeah, last time I did 7,000. This time we're going to be looking at doing double that. And um it wasn't the noise, it was a it wasn't the sound, it was a feeling. You could you could feel the atmosphere. You couldn't hear it. You could feel it. Um yeah, it was unreal. Absolutely unreal. And I know that the same was going to be on Saturday. But you know, um that night when I thought was actually I proved that ticks a lot of boxes. Everyone were asking yourself mainly about I'm going to handle pressure. The atmosphere walking out that many people and I showed on fight night. There's no I don't I don't really I don't really feel pressure, you know. It's something that I I look forward to it. And um and yeah, look like I'm I'm excited now just I got Baz sent me a picture of the the the ring and like the setup and it just it's just unreal that I'm able to do all this and boxer and Sky getting behind me and be able to bring this to my own hometown of Banzi. So going to be it's going to be a great night. Yeah, you just have to deliver now. Everybody else has done their part. I'm sure you will. You're big super middleweight as you stood in front of him there. Obviously as you put your arms out to the camera I could see you got a a reach advantage but I think one of the questions is we still don't know how good he is. is yes, he's beat Jermaine Brown. So, there's a record on the a name on the record that we recognize. But do you believe that you're bigger, better, stronger, and you can make a statement on Saturday? Not just bigger and stronger, but I believe I'm I'm better all around, and I believe in the the work that we put in both my my conditioning and my boxing ability and more more effective fighter as well. But, you know, we'll not going to know until Saturday. But, yeah, obviously I'm very confident I'm going to get the win. Um, but yeah, it's going to be looking forward to a tough fight. A tough fight. Expecting the best IO. People have asked me um how I think how he'll react to the pressure, but it don't really don't really matter for me. Like I'm not going to think he's going to get to him or anything like that. I'm just going to expect the best look. Going to expect to turn up on fighting night. You know, he's got nothing he's got nothing to lose, has he? No, neither of you have. So has got to go. Thank you very much to Ivan Zuko and Callum Simpson. So as you can see, it's really building here. We've got some sunshine at the moment. So keep everything crossed that the weather holds up and we get that spectacle that we're all looking forward to on Saturday night, the vacant European super middleweight title between Simpson and Zuko night. It promises to be Callum Simpson back at Oakwell fighting for the European title. You can see all the action 7:00 Saturday night over on Sky Sports Action.