Kind: captions Language: en Hi Callum, it's Lee Clayton here, your OP teacher. I cannot describe how proud I am of your achievements. You're an example of someone who has always made the correct decisions. You're an icon to the Banana community. You bring the town together as one and you are a fantastic role model to all children showing them that hard work, commitment and good decision making leads to positive outcomes. You see a lot of people when they talk about all school teachers say, "Oh," they always say, "I'm never going to make it. I never do anything." But he's the complete opposite. I don't I don't really see him these days, but yeah, someone that's been massively important in my life through school and as as a teenager. Well, Callum, this will be a nice surprise for you, pal. Me and John always said there'd be a special person coming in our gym, and somebody did, and that were you. You are a special, lad, and you got a special family that's looking after you, which you need to get you through these hard times. Well done, lad. When you're younger, you don't realize how much they actually put into the the amateur boxes and how much they've given up to from not even just from well for me to get where I am today. I would never be where I am without without them. All them evenings, all them mornings, all them weekends they've given up to to take me up and down the country to to fight, to spar. Yeah, it's so to hear him now how proud they are of me, it really does mean a lot that Hey Callen, it's mom. You hear most days how people are so proud of you. I want you to take a second and hear it again. I, we, your family and friends are so very proud of you. You are achieving everything you set out to by working incredibly hard and being the perfect gentleman whilst doing so. You are an inspiration to so many including your brothers and sisters who are your biggest fans. Keep fighting, keep building, but most of all enjoy the ride. You deserve it. Sounds about Yeah. Um, no. just have a nice do a nice way. But I think every child wants to make their parent proud, don't they? And um yeah, couldn't ask for couldn't ask for a better mom. Like I said, I've got an amazing amazing amazing family and uh especially mom my mom as well. Hey Callum, it's your dad here. All your hard work and determination is finally paying off with everything that we are dealing with regarding your beautiful sister Ly Ray. You have been a rock to us and I am forever grateful. You are such a positive role model for your siblings. A true gentleman inside and outside of the ring. Keep working hard. We love you so much. Yeah. My uh my dad what we've been through a past year. It's been so hard about for for me seeing him. I was I always got free, but the strength that he's shown is uh unbelievable and how he's been he's still being there for me and my other brothers and sisters. It's um yeah, it's amazing. Like he's a massive massive role model to me and yeah, I love me. Love me dad. Love me dad to bits. Hi Callum, it's Daniela. I just want to start off by saying how proud I am of the person you are and have become. I've known you for many years and I know exactly what you have put into this sport. Your motivation and drive is something I've never ever seen before. You are so skilled yet still so grounded and this is so rare to find and what makes you so special. It's crazy how far you've come and I'm absolutely buzzing for you. This is just the start and you still have so much to show. I can't wait for you to bring the back the European title to Barnesley on the 7th of June. Now go do what you do best. I think she lied me most of that saying saying how much she respects me. She just just trying to be nice for cameras but um but no no like she she know like say she knows that she knows how hard uh how hard I train and what I put the effort that I put in outside the gym as well. Again not I think as a as a boxer the fact he needs someone that's that's on the same level as you in that sense. I hear so many like horror stories like boxers they have like dramas with their partners or this that and you know I've been away for whether I go away for sparring or training camps or whether I'm in a mood one day or so she knows when to talk when to talk to when not to or um yeah and just how to kind of navigate through a camp and how to be with me. So yeah, she's a mass massively supportive. I couldn't ask I couldn't ask for a more supportive uh partner than than Daniela.