Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to our weekly boxing chat toeto toe on Sky Sports News. Delighted to say I'm joined by this week's special guests Josh Warrington and Johnny Gre. Welcome to both of you. Uh we're going to get a chance to chat to you very shortly, but we're going to uh cross straight to a man who's got a huge night coming up on Saturday as he returns to Oakwell Stadium to take on the undefeated Italian Ivan Zuko in Barnsley. Uh it's Callum Simpson. Callum, great to have you joining us live on Sky Sports News. Uh, first and foremost, easiest one, you know, last few days now. I just wonder um how much you enjoy this bit. It's a weight cut, but it's obviously probably what you've been waiting all camp for, just to get into fight week and get stuck in. Yeah, I think I think that you guys know me well enough to enjoy fight week. You know, I enjoy all the me even though it's a lot, it's a busy week, you know, I I do enjoy doing it all. So yeah, I've worked long and hard to be to get where I am today. So yeah, I just try and enjoy every moment of it. Yeah, I'm coming up tomorrow to see you. We're going to go down to Oakwell and see how the stadium is already transforming. Uh but it will be a chance for you. Uh let's hope the travel goes smoothly, but it will be a chance to do a face off with Ivan Zuko. I know you did one at your fan event. Um what are you hoping to sort of see from him? Presumably a fit and in shape I van Zuko who's bang up for it. Hopefully mate, that's what you want. Obviously on come Saturday I want to expect to have faced the best Ivan Zoko. So yeah, hopefully he's spitting well and and had a good camp. Do you think that he will be bothered? You spent a little bit of time around him, but do you think he'll be bothered at all by 15,000 fans uh in the open air? Do you think that he can even begin to prepare for the sort of atmosphere it's going to be? I'm not I'm not sure what crowds he's thought of in in front of before, but as Josh who's next to you, he'll he'll tell you. Um, you know, the the atmosphere can get to a lot of people. You know, luckily, I think both myself and Josh are people that thrive off the the atmosphere, thrive off that kind of pressure and can perform under the lights. So, we'll only find out Saturday if if Zucker can do that. Josh can hear you and we're going to try and get you to interact with each other. Um, I told him that when I came up to the gym, you know, um, we got the books out and you you looked at the the 5k times and how you had blown his targets out the water. But maybe that's a story for another day. But there are parallels between the two of you, Callum, you know, Josh has been there, seen it, and done it and he's got to exactly where you want to get to in terms of world champion. Um, how important was Josh Warrington's career path for Yorkshire and and sort of how you've followed on? Massively important, mate. Massively important. You know, Josh Josh the same as me. I work at a working class Yorkshire lad, works works full-time the start of his boxing career. Um, got where he is just off off hard work. And I think I don't I don't think he'll mind me saying that, you know, he never got into the GB squad. Didn't win loads. But I don't know how many national titles he won, but you know, we're never the one that got signed as a from a big promoter straight off the bat. He's had to work hard, you know, as a ticket seller as as they say. But, you know, Josh has proved that he's not just a ticket seller as a world champion. I'm I'm going to do the same. And and again, I used to the circuits that you saw me doing were the ones I used to watch Josh doing in the gym, you know, and allegedly I'm beating his tires. I'm not going to I'm not going to get I'm not going to I'm not going to get involved. But as well and since since I signed with with Boxer and Sky, I've actually met up with Josh a few times and and he's give me some some some great advice and, you know, sat down with me, give me his time to give me some that again some advice from someone who's local being been being there and and done what I want to do and and still and still doing it. So yeah, a big thank you to Josh as well for giving me his time and as a as a great role model not for myself but for a lot for everyone else as well. And what is that advice that you're you're giving Callum there? You feel free to address him. Don't need to talk to me but the advice if you could not give away too many secrets but what what would you have been advising Callum coming into a fight like this? So what I've given Callum bits of advice at different stages um you know he might have formed me up or text me Josh can let's have a quick coffee. I ask you a bit of advice on this and primarily it's is stuff about inside the ring you know training and stuff like that but there's also the other side where he's asked like sponsors you know how do I approach this sponsor so somebody's approached me how do I deal with this um I want to do this with my family what have you what suggestions and it's about you know understanding if you're going to go to a stadium then you know you need to have the people behind you and uh some people can do it genuinely and some people, you know, kind of try to fake it. Callum's a genuine guy. He's a Barnes lad and he he meets and greets with the people who pay their money and and I think right there what you've got is somebody people want to attach themselves to because all of a sudden we're just like him. He's one of us and relatable. Relatable. And and I think when people start getting to a stage where they're on TV and when they're fighting on stadium and they're they're on Sky Sports News and stuff like that, he goes to Red. But Callum has always kept himself grounded. You know, you see him walking about the streets of Barsley, greeting up, you know, meeting and greeting fans and and giving him their time. So again, you know, Callum, what you doing here? Well, you know, I'm just one of them. That's why he's got so much so many loyal supporters behind him and uh you know, a lot of it some of it is he's taking advice off me, but a lot of it is down to himself. Yeah. Uh Ken, before we let you go, first time boxing at Southpaw. Uh he's unbeaten just like you, E. Vanzuko. Uh you know, I hear a lot of fighters say it's not for me boxing southpaws, but you've got to do it. How's that affected your training? What have you prepared for in terms of uh Zuko's approach? Yeah, fortunately I've never had an issue with southpaws. Um you know I think a lot of people can you naturally fight southpaw as well others can't but luckily you know I've never had issue with south paws been getting plenty of southpaw spiring and I had a lad called Joe Ward come come over from Ireland for two weeks and and helped me massively. He's a former um I think 13 time national champion world amateur champion. He's 14 and0 as a pro now light heavyweight. So we did a lot of we've done a lot of technical work with him. We had Miam on who was supposed to Southpaw had a few few amateur kids as well that they'll come over and give us some some good work. So yeah, we've been plenty of drilling, plenty of technical work and a lot of a lot of good sparring as well. Listen, we're we're going to leave you as we look at those brilliant pictures of that ring walk. That was what sort of 9,000 in one stand. We've got the whole stadium now. I I mean have a word with the local weatherman, will you? Because uh run out of ponchos. So, um, we've all got to do, uh, a bit of a dance to make sure you change the weather around, but we'll catch up with you tomorrow. Thank you for coming and joining us on Sky Sports News. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it. Brilliant. I'm going to come back to the two of you here. Uh, and fast forward a little bit. We've got about 5 minutes uh, before we need to wrap things up. So, just one answer from you, Josh, on the future. We saw that gesture where you put your gloves in the center of the ring and we thought we'd lost you. Thought you'd had sailing away off the back of the caca loss and it was the end of a great career. Uh, you've come back, you've had a fight since. What does the future hold for you now? I'm greedy. I'm greedy and also stubborn. Um I've had a had a bit of a low profile return back in April. Um got a win under my belt there which were were nice to actually celebrate a win probably first time in five years even though I become a two-time world champion three years ago. I won but I broke my me jaw so didn't really celebrate that. Um what's left for me? I don't know. I I still believe I can become a um a world champion. You know, I had three losses at um consecutively world level, but the fine fine margins. I didn't get disgraced. I didn't get, you know, well, I did get stopped in one of them, but that were controversial. I win the fight up until then. Um I'd like to just go on my own terms. I feel that um like I say, I'm I'm good enough to win a world title, but maybe a few more just entertaining fights. Yeah. stay listening to this because I do want to get your view on journeymen. Um, one of Britain's best ever journeyman joins us now. I think that that that you know, you you might laugh at that, but certainly from my experience over the last uh couple of decades, there's very few that did it as good as you. Uh, Johnny Greavves, you've got a new book out. You can hold it up uh to camera free for us here. Uh, Bright Lights and Dark Corners uh by Adam Dark, who is Ian Dark's son. Um, what's what's the book all about? basically my my upbringing, my life growing up in Upsen Park um and then going through 50 unlicensed fights, 100 professional fights all the time going through a few mental health problems couple of substance and alcohol issues. Um but just you know hands up, chin down, getting through it, fighting on and I'm here on Sky News now says you know what I mean it's all gone well. Look it's gone really well. I know um it's quite a hard-hitting book. you you you've sort of let your guard down to use a boxing phrase. How was that? Uh because it can't be easy. I still think there is a stigma around tough men like yourself discussing uh mental health. What's the reception been like? In all honesty, going through it with Adam who made my my documentary Cornered years ago. Look, it's a sort of therapy for me and someone to talk it. I just find it so much easier to be open, honest, get it out. It saves sort of building up inside you. Just just get it out, speak about things. Um, and I I've resolved quite a lot of issues being being so open. Yeah. Yeah. I'm pleased. I'm looking forward to reading it. My memories of working with you, and I'm going to say this now, uh, cuz I always had a bit of imposter syndrome. I didn't box, but I'm working in boxing. Someone like you can be quite intimidating. I have to say now publicly. You took me under your wing a little bit in some pretty hairy situations in the professional boxing world, so it's a public thank you to you. But not everybody will know what a journeyman is and that role. And I see a lot of sometimes uh from the other side of the pond, Americans will look at people's records and they say, "Well, how can he be judged when he boxed someone that had 100 fights and four of those were wins, 96 losses, but very pe very few people understand the role of people of a journeyman?" I think that's that's an art that's just been lost a little bit. Look, these these lads up and coming to to to start building their levels as go through the levels. They need to learn these lessons. They need to do the rounds. They need opponents that going to stand and do the distance over four and six rounds. four, six rounds. Look, you want to you want to make it hard work for yourself, you can stand and fight us. Look, we can all fight. We can all look after ourselves. Um, again, you need to do the rounds. It's pointless boxing some of the some of the opponents that you blowing them out in a round or two. You're not learning nothing from them. Not learning under the bright. You want a William Warbertton, you want a Johnny Greavves, you want a you want a Sim Brazac, you want a Lee Alllet, people that are going to do the rounds and you you learn so much it make you twice the fighter. You need to do the rounds. I got a massive smile on my face cuz I'd forgotten the likes of Sid Razak, you know, great great men at their trade. I want to bring you back in the importance of journeyman. You did it. You spoke off camera about Ibraz. You know the importance of the role that Johnny, but people turn their nose up that are not boxing fans. They don't understand, you know, anything but a loser. You know, like may well say in the defeats column, but what an education you get from people like massive education. And without people like Johnny, the the sport wouldn't function. Certainly for people like myself. Now the thing is there's a lot of fighters who come through and the record looks absolutely fantastic because they get opponents imported in and they blast them out and you know they're not going any further than one, two, three rounds and the record looks unbelievable. But when it comes to a title fight and they're fighting people who have been fighting killers all through their career, all of a sudden they can't do the the 10 rounds the 12 rounds the championship distance. Why? Well, then one for one under the lights. And you can do it as much as you want in the gymnasium behind closed doors. But it's not like being under the lights where you're carrying the nerves, where you're carrying the pressure, where you're carrying the adrenaline, and you're on the weight. It's nothing like I do think that we give a lot of young lads an apprenticeship as such. I mean, look, we're teaching them the rounds. We're showing them the way. Well, what is the stat? How many world champions did you box in your 100? I boxed nine world champions. Nine world champions. You cannot fantastic, brilliant fighters. Look, to be fair, I I never got knocked out. I never got got finished on on a 10 count. I'd like to think I'll give every single person I ever went in the ring with an experience at least. I know that there's a lot of ex-pros or current pros that are watching this now going, "Thank God he's retired and I never have to see him now." Going encourage everyone go and go and try and find some of Johnny Gre's highlights. Everyone go on because you'll watch through your fingers. But it was Thank you so much for coming on today. Good luck with the book. So, I want to give it one last bug. Bright lights and dark corners, the Johnny Grief story. Perfect. We're available on Amazon and griefbook.com. Please check it out. Please put your hand in your pockets. Well, you've already sold that one today to someone upstairs, so don't go anywhere.