Kind: captions Language: en Caroline Dubois, looking to add the WBO belt to her collection on Easter Sunday. Caroline, great to see you. How do you feel about headlining such a big night of boxing? It's a blessing. It's a privilege. I'm so excited. It's It's the opportunity that I've been waiting for and to do it at home in London. Oh, it's a blessing. Terri Harper has that WBO belt. How do you rate her as a challenger? I'm excited for the challenge. I think she's going to allow me to level up and unlock and show a different side to my game and you know, you need that opponent to bring that out of you and I think she's going to be the opponent. You know, she's got the WBO as you said and it's going to be for the Ring Magazine as well and I'm excited. It's going to be really cool. Many of our viewers would have seen you on the Gloves Are Off with Terri and it feels like that rivalry is is really real, isn't it? No, for sure. You know, it's competition. At the end of the day, she has the power potentially to ruin my career, to to knock me off my trajectory and to stop me from chasing my dreams and achieving everything that I say I'm going to achieve and I'm going to go out there with the same intent to do the exact same to her. So, you know, when you got that competitive spirit and you've got that collision, um it's only going to create fireworks and a bit of bit of, you know, sparks and I think that's what you're seeing. Terri has been involved in some massive nights for women's boxing. She has suffered some defeats as well, but those experiences, how do you ensure that that's not a factor in the fight? Um for who? For for For you with Terri having that experience. &gt;&gt; them again. No, I'm going to make sure she experiences again. I'm going to take her back to that dark place. I'm going to take her back to whatever feeling she was feeling when she was losing, you know, when she gets hit with a big shot, I'm going to bring back every nightmare that she's ever had. That's the intention. And the power that you possess, are you confident that you can put her on the canvas? I think it's going to be a late stoppage. I'm going to go out there to get the late stoppage. And in terms of yourself as a boxer now, 4 years a pro, it feels like you've grown both inside and outside the ring. Is that fair? Of course. I think you we have to keep growing, you know. If in 5 years time I haven't developed, then you know, what have I been doing for 5 years? But I've been developing. I've been growing. I've been, you know, becoming more of a woman and I'm very proud of that. Do you feel like you've been doing all the talking in the build-up to this fight? I'm happy, you know, it's good. Um I enjoy it. Um she doesn't have to do anything. She just has to turn up. Turn up. And in terms of building that that confidence and growing into your your skin, I guess. Talk us through the process of of of being the woman you are today. It's it's taken time. Um I started boxing at 9 years old. So, my growth as a human being has happened alongside boxing. A lot of my firsts have come through boxing, you know, first time stepping on a plane, first time leaving the country. It's all boxing-related things. So, my my growth as a human being is going to always be alongside my growth as a professional boxer. So, I feel like I've grown. I feel like I've developed. I feel like I've I've got so many new experiences and I'm very blessed and thankful for that. And how blessed you feel to be part of this incredible card on Easter Sunday because there's some very special boxers on that card. &gt;&gt; it's an amazing card, you know. It's not just my fight, you know, it's going to be a big fight, a big showcase of women's boxing, women's skill and more importantly, boxing at the highest level. You know, I can't go out there and and do everything. We're going to need the support of all the women on the card. We're going to need the support of the fans, the fans of boxing, the fans of sport and the fans of people who want to see other people chase their greatness and chase and try and be great. We're putting it all on the line April 15th and it's going to be an amazing card. I just hope and pray that London shows up, shows their support and get their tickets. Ellie Scotney is somebody you know very well, somebody you train with here. How's she been shaping up for what is it, a night where she can make history? Phenomenal. She's been looking phenomenal, you know, I grew up going to tournaments with Ellie as an amateur. I remember going to the Europeans and uh my first ever European tournament, seeing her at the Worlds, seeing her prepare for the Olympics and all of that stuff and now here we are again, fighting on the same card. It's a full 360 moment and I'm just happy to be sharing the card with such talented fighters. And finally, how inspiring has it been training with her, pushing one another on ahead of the biggest night of both your lives? It's been very good. It's been very good to be in the gym with her. It's been good to to see her development and I enjoy just watching her. Caroline, great to see you. Thank you very much for your time. Caroline Dubois in action against Terri Harper, a world title unification fight, which is live only on Sky Sports on Easter Sunday. Fantastic to hear from you. Pass on our thanks. Thanks, James. And you can see this Caroline Dubois versus Terri Harper for the unified lightweight world title. Dubois undefeated so far. [music] That's live on Sky Sports.