Kind: captions Language: en Thank you very much. We've had a a brilliant day today in central London. And you will have noticed that we are in our Sunday best because on Easter Sunday, April 5th will be at Olympia London as Caroline Dubois and Terry Harper will go head to head in a blockbuster night of unification fights. It's MVP's first UK boxing promotion. So, it's historic for them and it's historic for these two fighters as well, Terry Harper and Caroline Dwis. Thank you very much for joining me. We have had a brilliant press conference today in central London and you've come down today. I wonder if I start with you Caroline if you don't mind. How in your mind have the last couple of days gone? It's been a bit of a whirlwind, let's be honest. And uh I think I'm writing saying 36 hours ago you two had never been in the same room as each other. Uh, how do you feel that the last, you know, few hours have gone? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's been busy. It's been a busy two weeks. Uh, as you said, first time seeing Terry in the flesh and, um, first time getting a feel of what this is going to look like, what fight week is going to look like, what the energy is going to be, how people going to receive us, and yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited to showcase women's boxing at the highest level. World title against world title unification, the first in the lightweight division. I'm very excited. Who do you think has got the better of the verbal exchanges last couple of days? You know, fighting is one thing and talking is another, and I know the two don't really uh matter once the first bell rings, but how do you think it's gone in your uh shoes, so to speak? &gt;&gt; I mean, I feel very happy. I feel very confident. I feel like I've said everything that I've wanted to say. I feel like I've projected my energy, my feelings inside, and how I I feel coming towards this fight. There's no pressure on me. There is no nerves of me. In fact, seeing Terry in person, the more confident I become. I look at her, I face her down, and I just feel more and more confident. I was expecting a little bit of nerves, a little bit of jizz, but every time I've seen this woman, I've got grown in confidence. &gt;&gt; Terry, great to have you here. Uh, what do you want to respond in terms of what Carolina said there? Are you as confident or more confident now you've been around her and you've felt her energy and you've had a chance to size her up? Um, I'd say more more confident. I think over the last couple of days, it seems like she's been forcing a little bit too much, trying I feel like she's been trying to intimidate me. Um, maybe trying to make me feel a little bit scared, but everything &gt;&gt; That's how you feel on the inside. That's nothing to do with me. &gt;&gt; Absolutely nothing to do with me. &gt;&gt; I've just come been myself, do what I do. Uh, Caroline's had a fun this week cuz this is what she enjoys, a trash talk, the build up to the fight. So, I'm going to have my fun on fight night in the ring doing what I do best. &gt;&gt; I don't think I'm I'm overspeaking here or making a mistake, but I would say having worked with you for probably a decade now, you like to do your fighting uh in the ring. You don't like to do your uh trash talking and so to speak, but some people might interpret that as your quietness, as a lack of confidence. What would you say? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's Carolina said it. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, that's up to them. people people are entitled to their opinion and um again it's just not my character from from being very young growing up I've always been humble um very approachable one just one of those people who who was down to earth and don't let my ego get the best of me so um again I save it for fight night all when you step back all this trash talk and and the and the weeks building up doesn't mean anything it's what happens on the night that means the most so &gt;&gt; does it mean something &gt;&gt; it does it because it's selling a fight. It's attracting the fans. It's getting people engaged. It's getting people listening. It's getting people watching. I have a job to do. I'm not just a fire. I'm an entertainer. And I relish that. I live for moments like this. I'm born from moments like this. I don't run away from the fire. I run straight towards it. I've never backed down from a fight. I've I've faced down bullies bigger than Terry Harper, scarier than Terry Harper. I faced down people that would make her tremble in her boots. And I've stared them look straight in the face. I'm not intimidated by anybody. So, you know, this is just my energy. This is who I am. I will never put it on. I will never fake it. I will never be something that I'm not. I think the best thing in the world for anyone to be is to be themselves. And that's all you've been seeing. 100% authentic. Karen Deborah, &gt;&gt; do you think she realizes how good you are? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. That's why she's terrified. That's why she's been terrified. You know, 100%. She knows the challenge that she's facing. She knows what I'm doing. I've said it. I've looked her in the face and I said, "I'm going to come. I'm going to come straight out the blocks. I can't wait. I can't wait. It's going to be exciting. And you know, she she's trying to put this energy like there's no pressure on her, but there is pressure. Her future is at stake. Her her career is at stake. And that that is pressure for me. I'm just enjoying it. I've been smiling this whole week. I've been enjoying this whole week. Next week, fight week, whatever. I'm just going to enjoy it. I'm going to enjoy this whole process. This is the start. &gt;&gt; A lot to pick the bones out of there. Uh I mean, do you know how good she is? Uh, you know, have you faced anyone of her caliber before? Do you think you've faced better fighters than Caroline? &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; or will she be the best you fought, do you think? &gt;&gt; I feel like she's not been tested. So, I can't really I can't really go off that. But like when Caroline first turned over, I I said it from the beginning. I wore a fan a fan of boxing a fan of boxing style. I think she's a great fighter. But again, Caroline's um her attitude, her ego, uh it kind of puts it's put a bad taste in my mouth, so I'm no longer a fan. And uh I'm just I'm just grateful that I I get the opportunity to to go out there and uh make the upset. &gt;&gt; We could see the headto-head there. What did you have to say to her when it was close like that and we couldn't hear it from the back of the room? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I've done my talking. Well, Caroline's doing all the talking to be fair. So, thank you for selling the fight and she's really doing the hard work. I'm just sitting back and enjoying it. &gt;&gt; May I ask something that you hinted at in that clip that we've seen at the end of the gloves are off? You sort of imply that Caroline uh in your opinion has some issues with her stamina in the second half of a fight. Do you stand by that? And can you expand on on what you mean by um like over the fights I've watched Caroline there's a there's a pattern set and um I know I know fight night she's going to come out and try and she needs to try and get me out early otherwise the later rounds I know she's going to fade my work rate is just going to outwork and she's not going to be able to match it &gt;&gt; and I am confident in that &gt;&gt; yeah so what is your message if we get to five six seven &gt;&gt; that's where I put my foot on the gas and that's where I go to work &gt;&gt; you know you might as well respond to that she's saying you have issues perhaps down the stretch, you know, the longer distance doesn't suit you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's all talk at the end of the day. I'm I qualified for the Olympics at 19 years old. You know, I was an elite amateur fighter. I've got pedigree. I've got skill. I've got talent. You know, you've have a has a has a have a standout amate standout professional fighter. Sorry. Shakur Stevenson saying that I'm his second favorite female fighter. You know, Shakur has never said that about any other female fighter except Klesia Shields. If she thinks that I don't have skill, if I don't have defense, if I don't have good footwork, if I don't have power, if I don't have boxing IQ, well then that's on her. &gt;&gt; I didn't say anything. I said &gt;&gt; that's all you have. All you have is work. All you have is work rate. That's it. And that's fine. That's fine. Everything I have beats talent. Hard work beats talent. &gt;&gt; Listen, if if you want to go off of that, that's great. I think that's great. &gt;&gt; Make sure you get in that gym and get working. &gt;&gt; I think that's great. What I would say as I find myself in the middle here as a as a complete neutral, the reason that we're here talking this up and the reason that we're here with all the cameras and all the bright lights is because it is one of the best fights to make in boxing. And I just hope on the night that you both do yourself justice. But I will encourage you before I I hand back if you do want to give one final message to each other, remember the time and where we are. So it has to be PG. Uh but what is your final parting message to each other? I don't know who wants to go first. Who wants to lead off here? &gt;&gt; I would say it's been a long couple of days listening to Caroline go on and go on go on. Um, so I'm excited now to go uh catch the train and skidad all back to Doncaster. &gt;&gt; I thought I thought she was going to say it's a long day sharing it with me. So you you get the chance now. Caroline, what is your parting shot to Terry Harper? &gt;&gt; Um, I don't have any words to Terry, but I do have some words to London to everyone watching. Female boxing is on a rise. It's on a it's on it's on the move and it needs the support of people to to turn up to show up to to represent. Women's boxing is here and it's here to stay and to be a part of this movement is the most important thing. Whether you like me, whether you like this one over here, you have to support women's boxing and I think that's the most important thing. I think boxing is is the most exciting sport I've ever watched and I absolutely love and I know anyone watching this this this show to right now, I think you're going to be in for a great night. So, make sure you tune in either buy some tickets, get there, be there. It's a place to be on the Sunday 5th of April. If not, make make sure you're catching it live on Sky Sports. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I just said it may she she's done the promo for you there. Uh that that is right. I mean, we're absolutely over the moon. We, you know, MVP Sky Sports, we could not be happier. This is going to be a sensational night of boxing. So, get your diaries out. Make sure you mark it there. April 5th, Dubois V. Harper the unified lightweight titles of course on the card as well. Ellie Scottney takes on Mayelli Flores for the undisputed super bantamweight titles. And if Ellie can get over the line, she'll be the youngest male or female from the UK in the four belt era to have done so. Save.