Kind: captions Language: en Good afternoon to you, and good afternoon to everybody watching on Sky Sports News. It is the first event of this historic fight week, MVP's first ever UK show, MVPW one. It's Easter Sunday, the countdown is on. This is our first sort of fight week commitment, and delighted to say that the fighters that you spoke about there are all on the floor uh here, on the ground, and we're ready to go with live face-off. So, we're going to have both of the two main events, because this magnificent all-women's four world title fight card is topped by Caroline Dubois and Terri Harper and Ellie Scotney and Mayeli Flores. So, without further ado, let's bring our first two fighters together. I will step out the way and welcome face-to-face Caroline Dubois and Terri Harper. This long-running domestic feud between the WBC lightweight champion Caroline Dubois and Terri Harper, the WBO lightweight champion. The road to undisputed begins to clear for the winner. So, it really is winner takes all. Is it youth versus experience? Is there a lot more to it than that? Terri in her sixth consecutive world title fight. So, she has the experience. Caroline 4 years younger, right in the crest of a wave. Lost to Caroline on the undercard of Jake Paul versus Anthony Joshua, and Terri beat Natalie Zimmerman in a title defense in Doncaster. Trust me, you do not want to miss this one. I'm just going to insert myself now. If we both take a a step back. Okay, let's let's save it for later in fight week. Terri, just uh turn and face me, Caroline. If you take a step back, I'll come and join you in 1 second. Uh As expected, a pretty feisty face-off. How have you coped with all of this? I think there's been more bright lights, more cameras, and more talking than uh a lot of your other world title fights put together, probably. None of this matters. All that matters is Sunday night. What do you take from these sort of experiences, though, uh Caroline? I don't think it's a secret. We've all just seen it. You know, there is a perhaps a little bit of uh a mental attack there as well, maybe trying to get under your skin. Has she succeeded at all? No. This is what she does to make herself feel better, so. How confident are you coming into this that you do take one big step towards undisputed? It's what I've dreamed of. It's what I've worked hard for, and I've got full trust and belief in myself. It's early in fight week, but will you give us your prediction as we sort of creep towards Easter Sunday now? How does this fight go? Terri Harper win. Okay, I'm going to let you go. You can step off uh to that side, just because we want to avoid any uh late fight week incidents. No breaking in the face-off there. You weren't going to take a a step back. This kind of like fits in with the rest of the I don't know, the fight week attack. This is the energy. Listen, this is my time. This is my show. This is my moment. I'm coming here to take over. This is my These are my belts, and no one is taking them from me, especially Terri Harper. I'm taking that WBO belt. I'm taking the Ring Magazine belt, and this is it, the biggest unification for me. I believe I'm fighting the the best woman in the division. Uh I know there's some really solid competition in my way, but I truly believe this is the best versus the best, you know, 135, the best versus the best, number one versus the number two, and we're going to find out. Going to find out. You heard her answer there. She says she you haven't succeeded in getting under her skin at all, but would you disagree with that? &gt;&gt; 100% I've definitely succeeded. The girl won't look at me. You know, she's called me a bully. Well, that explains how she sees herself. Um I'm the younger 25-year-old. She's 30-year-old woman, and she's already called herself already called herself, you know, the victim. She's a victim. She's got victim mentality, and I can't wait to expose that, you know. In the ring, there's no hiding place, and I can't wait. I'm ready. I've prepared. I've I've took myself into the to the uncomfortable zones, and I've I've pushed myself this camp, and I feel in a Honestly, this is the most ready I've felt. I'm ready. I'm here, and I'm coming, you know. I said it. I'm coming. I'm coming. This is it. This is my time. Thank you for joining us on Sky Sports News. I'm going to ask you to exit that way as well. As I said at the top, it is a double world title main event. So, that was one and a half of it. Let's bring the next two fighters to the live face-off. So, it is the undisputed super bantamweight world title fight between Ellie Scotney and Mayeli Flores. So, champion versus champion again, Catford's Ellie Scotney with the WBC, WBO, and IBF titles proudly on her shoulder there. And our visitor from Mexico City, who we make all of our team very welcome, Mayeli Flores, who proudly holds that WBA title. Ellie Scotney is aiming to become the youngest ever undisputed from the UK in the four-belt era, male or female. But facing her, someone who's got dreams and aspirations of her own, Mayeli Flores, aiming to become Mexico's first ever female undisputed champion. So, it's all to play for. Okay, thank you. Let's break this head-to-head as well. We've done pretty well so far to uh avoid. Okay, tomato. Always wanted to do that. There you go. Ellie, come and join us live on Sky Sports News. Thank you both. Yes, Mayeli. Mayeli. Uh yeah, someone can come and take the belts if you want. Let me just ask you there. Another intense face-off. Of course, this is you know, your chance to become undisputed, so we're we're expecting a bit of tension in the face-off there. But I think that's the first time that she didn't come over for the press tour. I know you saw her ringside at a previous fight night, but now you've stood in front of her. We've described her as a bit of a 4'11" wrecking ball uh in terms of the style we expect. Are you expecting that sort of Mexican style on fight night? I'm a 5'4" wrecking ball, so &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; there you go. But, you know what, Andy? I'm ready to fight. I'm ready to fight. Can I not make light of it, but whatever Jake Paul tweets or puts on Instagram, we all pick up on. You will have seen that comment. Of course, you will have. So, there is a bit of an added incentive, isn't there? You know, you could become first ever uh of undisputed from the UK, the youngest ever to do it, male or female, in the four-belt era. But you could also win yourself a car, because he couldn't believe your journey to the gym. So, have you already put in your order, or are we tempting fate here? I'm thinking like one of those Tesla monster truck things that he drives, but &gt;&gt; Listen, a Tesla monster truck or a Fiat 500. You just never know, do you? But hopefully not a Fiat 500. All jokes aside, because you know, we we do want to bring a bit of lightheartedness to the procedure, but this is not going to be some easy walk in the park, you know. Winning a world title is hard enough. Becoming undisputed, only a very small percentage of of males or females ever ever do that. Um what would it mean to you, your family, everyone in Catford, you know, the gym? It's not just you, is it? But I wonder, the question is, what would it mean to you? It would mean everything. And like I say, like all the past is irrelevant. All that matters is Sunday night, and I've got to make it count, and I will be. It's heavy enough carrying three. Are you going to be able to carry four, do you think? I It will be five with the ring belt, so yeah. I've got strong enough arms by then. We're going to let you go. Thank you so much for joining us, and we wish you all the best uh rest of fight week. So, we just got just about got away with it there, didn't we? So, early in fight week, of course, there's a lot of tension on the ground, but that is just an early sign of how interesting this fight night is going to be. As I said, MVP's first ever UK show. It's here in the Olympia, where famously all those years ago, we saw uh Prince Naseem Hamed flying in on the carpet. I promise you, there'll be some magic created on Easter Sunday. So, make sure you come and join us throughout the rest of fight week, cuz it's only going to get better and better.