Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to dive straight in with the teams. First of all, down there to my right, Jonathan Banks, team Eubank. Jonathan, you've worked with some greats of this sport, Vladimir Klitschko, Gennady Golovkin. But in your time with this man, Chris Eubank Jr. In comparison to those greats, what have you always admired about this man's discipline, dedication, mindset, and most of all, ability? Well, you pretty much just said it. That's what I admire about it. Um, a lot of greats have one thing in common and most of it is the discipline and what what they willing to sacrifice not only to the sport but to stay in the sport. So me and Chris, we had a a wonderful camp and he just day to day after day after day, he was able to show how dedicated he is to the sport and how disciplined he is to um to continue to pretty much stay in the gym day in and day out to um prepare for this show. And I know you respect Connor Ben, but as a student of the game, ultimately what do you believe sets aside Chris Eubank Jr. and Connor Ben this weekend? Uh, as a student of the game, number one, I respect any any any person that can make up in their mind to put a pair of gloves on and defend theirself, whether it's 10 round, eight rounds, or six rounds, cuz it take a certain type of mental fortitude to be able to do that. And in no way in the world should that be underestimated. But even with that um the I think what separates what we have going on meaning with Chris Eubank is um his mentality it's a little bit different and I I do believe that with that mentality along with that work ethic that he has is going to be it's going to be the separation between the Okay, Jonathan, thank you very much. We're going to hear from team Ben as well, Mr. Tony Sims. Tony, when you think about your relationship with Connor Ben when he walked into the gym as a raw novice to where he is now on the grandest of stages, what makes this personal journey between you and Connor a special one when you see all of this? Yeah, as you say, coming to the gym as a 19year-old teenager, he was a raw talent then and um obviously every fight that he he's he's been in, he's been under the spotlight and we've all watched as his talents grew and um like you say, he's here now in in probably the biggest fight in boxing. Um certainly the biggest British fight in boxing and um you know it'll be tuned all around the world. Everyone around the world will be watching this fight and in this magnificent stadium and it's 1 nil to the Eubanks one draw of course. How do you believe your man settles that score on Saturday night? Yeah. Well, every uh expert, so-called expert that I listen to or I watch on social media uh are all favoring Chris Eubank Jr. to win the fight because obviously uh they're saying that Connor's at a disadvantage moving up two weights and Chris is going to be too big for him and too skillful for him. But I do believe that Connor Ben carries the power up from welterweight to middleweight. I believe he's got the speed and I believe in in himself that he wants this fight really badly and uh obviously he's been through two years of hell. Over that course of time he's he's gone from being a boy to a man. And um we've seen in we've seen in this camp that we've had eight weeks in uh Palmer and Morca, you know, I know every trainer says the camp's gone had a great camp. The camp's gone fantastic, but we really have. And um he's excelled in his training, everything he's done times times on his running, his SNC, his rounds in the gym. He's been incredible. He's had world level sparring. All the sparring partners we brought in are all top world level fighters and he really has looked fantastic in sparring. Leave that to me because I want to talk about that. And um you know I believe in him and I believe that he will come out victorious on uh Saturday night and like I said earlier he's been through two years and sometimes things happen for a reason. We don't know why at the time, but God has a way of looking down and things happen for a reason. He's been through hell for two years, but sometimes you have to go through these things to come out on top at the end. And I believe that Connor, Connor, Ben, this is going to be his destiny. Saturday night will be his destiny. And I believe that he's he's going to win this fight. Okay, Tony Sims, thank you very much. Back to team Eubank and the great Ronnie Davis is here. Ronnie, fantastic to have you here with us. You were of course in the corner for Chris Eubank senior against Nigel Ben. Both fights November 1990 in Birmingham, October 93 at Old Trafford. But Chris Eubank Jr. here is someone you've known for his whole life. You were in the hospital the day he was born when he walked into your gym for you to officially start training him at the age of 16. I'm going to ask you a similar question that I asked Tony. How proud are you of Chris Eubank Jr. and the man he has become? Yeah, I'm obviously very proud of the kid. He's done great. Um, he's been through some hard times, but he's like his father. He nothing beats him mentally or physically. I was always saw world class. When I first saw his father come in the gym and um I I looked at him straight away and I've been in this game a long time and I thought about the same or the same with him. He's a brilliant kid. He'll beat um Connor. No disrespect to the other team, Tony and everyone. But um he's too good for you, Connor. And but I wish him the best of luck. That's all I can say. The great Ronnie Davis. Ladies and gentlemen, here with us today. We're going to hear quickly as well from the promoters on either side. Firstly, Ben Shalom. Ben, here we go. This is it. You were just talking to me off stage there. A lot of hard work behind the scenes, but we're here now. Not long to go until what we're all waiting for, the sound of that opening bell. Make your case. I can't quite believe we're here. It's been it's been a long, long road. Uh it's almost a pinch yourself moment. You bank Ben 3, October 93. That was the month I was born in Manchester and now we're here. Part of the biggest British boxing story ever. It's a amazing feeling to be here. I think everyone's going to remember this event. Just look at the media attention here today. I've never seen anything quite like it. But for me, it's because of Chris Eubine Jr., the biggest name in British boxing outside of that heavyweight division. He's a huge star. And I think to be honest, it's those big nights that he's been in. It's those big fights that he's had that is going to see him through on Saturday night. It's a monumental event. It's the first Ring Magazine event as well. So to see them put this on a soldout Tottenham Hotspur straight off the bat, it's incredible. Thank you to our partners Matt room and thank you to the Ring magazine. Thank you to his excellency, but most of all, thank you to Chris Eubang Jr. for making this event what it is. And I'm looking forward to absolute statement on Saturday night. Ben, thank you. Absolute statement. Promoter Eddie Hearn, over to you to make your case for Connor Ben this weekend. Yeah, just a few thank yous. Um, thanks to Rick for I knew this was coming. Do you know what I've been thinking? Do you know what I've been thinking? Can I not even say a few thank yous or No. Okay, Matram have to speak, right? So, I'm going to switch it up. I'm just going to firstly say how proud I am of Conor Ben, what he's been through these last two years. And I can't wait for him to smash you to pieces on Saturday night. But match room have to be represented. So, I'm going to switch it up. I'm going to let someone else speak on my behalf show. I'm going to let someone else speak on my behalf. You don't have to. I'm going to introduce you to scumbag number two. Thanks for come and take over. You don't have to be. [Applause] Okay. Hello. Substitution. Frank, if Eddie's not speaking, do you think you're going to get a word in? Come on. Let's No, but I don't speak as long as he does. That's the one thing I'll give you. I'll be very quick. We're going to have some parliamentary procedures today and anything that Matram, Eddie Hearn, or Frank Smith have to say is uh is irrelevant and will not be heard. Thank you very much, Chris. Appreciate your kind introduction. No problem. Appreciate it. Um, look, I'm going to be very quick because I don't want to get cut off too many times. I'm going to be very quick, Chris. Don't worry, Chris. Don't worry. Well, I'm saying some I'm saying something, aren't I? So, you know, it seems to be working so far. Thanks very much, Chris. Chris, sorry I can't hear you. It's is the if I direct a question to you or to Eddie, then you can speak. That's very honorable. Outside of that, I don't want to hear a peep. And if you talk to me or if you try and do your little speeches to the media, I'm going to shut it down cuz guess what? People aren't here to listen to you already speak. They want to hear what me and Connor have to say. I I don't disagree with that. But people weren't here to hear that your promoter speak, but you allowed him to speak. You're not going to out talk me. You're not going to out No, I wouldn't dare out talk you. I I know I know I can't out talk you, Chris. You're a very good talker. I don't know why you're on the stage, but you should probably get Eddie back in. It was It was just to help with my profile. To say anything than you do, trust me. Oh, really? Eddie's irrelevant, but you are super irrelevant. Exactly. I know. I know. I know. I'm so irrelevant. You called me a scumbag in a press conference. It was nice of you to bring up my name. Thank you very much. But anyway, I'm going to be very quick. I've been lucky enough to work with Connor Ben for many, many years. Thank you, Chris. I'm talking that you are going to You're not speaking. Okay, we can do the back and forth. It can get boring for It could get very boring. So, I'll end it here. Could get boring. I can't wait for Saturday night. It's going to be a great night. Thank you to the Ring Magazine. Thank you to Turkey Shake that shut you up, didn't it? Thanks very much. Few words in everybody. He tried his best. Thank you very much for immensely helping my profile. Thank you. I'll pass it on now to people more important than myself. And thank you for having me out there. Just before we hear of course from Chris and Connor, twoeight world champion, Mr. Nigel Ben is in the house here as well this evening. Nigel, this is what you and Chris Eubank senior started. Yeah. And here we are 32 years on after your last meeting. Your sons relight the flame once again. What are your thoughts, your feelings? What's been as well the the biggest piece of advice you've passed on to Connor this week? Do you know what I watched him? I got you. You know that the saying goes, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, but what happens in Morca? I'm telling. I am telling. And I tell you about Conor sparring and God is my witness. First he started sparring with um Denzel Bentley, super middleweight but really at light heavy. Had his hands full with Connor. I mean Connor was just going through it 10 rounds. Done it easy. Then he he was sparing with a guy that knocked out Monga Bruno. I can't can't remember his last name. Ses been spying with him. another light heavy. Connell was bullying him around, bullying him around. And then to put the cherry on top, he started sparring with a guy called William Skull, an IBF champion who's fighting a week after Connor coming there 12-handed. Shouldn't say it, but you know what? Because for the last two years, all I've been here negative, I'm going to tell you about my son. first four rounds him and Connor um even Stevens and they were going oh perfecto perfecto perfecto every time he was hitting Connor Connor was just walking through walking him through walking him down then I found about round I think five he was no no cuz Connor only has 40 seconds rest and then what he was doing in between the middle of the rounds he was sitting on the rope cuz he was tired Then it came to round five, 6, 7. Started feeling the pace. Started feeling the pace. This is William Skull, IBF champion, superstar. And then then after that, no, you can't shut me out, mate, cuz you ain't been where I've been, mate. Behave yourself. But anyway, but then what happened? Round eight came. Uhoh. And then Tony, we looked at each other and we thought he just quit. He just stopped. Couldn't take no more after eight rounds. Me doing 10 rounds. And me and Tony looked at each other and think what the freaking hell just happened there. And I got my boy and I thought, my little boy, my little boy, he just damaged the IBF world champion. And you know what it is? I am so confident this don't go past four rounds. I know my son. Back him all the way. All the way. And Connor's not a 12 round fighter. He's an old school fighter that can do 15 rounds. But you're going to see him, mate. The power that he's got. No one ain't seen him for the last two years. Oh my gosh. You lot are in for a treat. Mark my word. You are in for a big big treat. Thank you all very much. Nigel Ben, twoeight world champion. Thank you very much. Well, here we go then. Let's hear from the fighters, both sides of Saturday's main event. Firstly, Mr. Chris Eubank Jr. Chris, you told his own broadcast this week that you are at peace. There is no chip on your shoulder despite all of this and everything that is seemingly at stake on Saturday night. What is helping you to have that feeling of tranquility right now? I know what's coming. I prepared my whole life for these moments. Um, I've put the time in. I've dedicated uh decades to this sport and I've done it all without cheating, without cutting any corners. Um, and I'm proud of that. Um the mentality I have, the experience I have, uh the fortitude and the will is what I will be using on the night uh to take out my adversary and Connor Ben. Connor, you've been on big stages under the spotlight since you turned professional for both of you. Big shoes to fill. But on Saturday night when you ring walk in front of over 65,000 fans and everything that's on the line, how have you remained in control of your emotions on a week like this? Yeah, I mean listen, this is what I do. I love I love love this game. This is what I live for. You know, this is every fighter's dream when they turn professional to to live this life. You know, there was no pre more pressure than a 19-year-old kid with nomemetry experience walking out to a Pacto arena. That's pressure. You know, I've been doing this for 10 years and and you know, I'm more than prepared, more than ready. Um, you know, I wish it was Saturday night tonight. Chris, you have said the procedure will be parliamentary. You know what that means, but for those of us who don't know, can you paint that in a picture for us? What does that look like on Saturday night? Connor speaks about pressure and dealing with it, but you know, there's a reason why he had his training camp in Spain. you know, the kid had to flee his own country uh to prepare for this fight. He knew that he couldn't handle the pressure of, you know, walking these UK streets and having people shouting out drug cheat and egg jokes. He didn't want to be involved in any of that. So, he took himself away. He hid away. And um you know, now he's back and now he thinks he can use me to kind of get back into the good graces. You know, I haven't fled. I haven't hid away from anything. I've been in these streets. I've been to gyms all over London over the last two months. I've been and spoke to kids. I've done all the media obligations I've needed to do around the country. Um I've felt the energy uh on the on the streets of the UK over these last two months and um it's real. You know, people are invested in this. um you know any everywhere I go people are screaming um and most of the time it's positive which is it's it's a new thing for me. I'm still getting used to that but um you know I am happy with the place I am at mentally. Uh I don't think Connor can say the same thing. I think he's feeling the pressure and the heat. I think he's feeling that and he's going to feel a hell of a lot more in a couple days time. If the procedure is to be parliamentary, Connor, what's on your manifesto of what happens? And and in response to Chris, are you feeling the pressure? No, no pressure. You know, I live for this. I've had the fire over 100 times in my head. You know, for me, it's just focusing on the training. You know, removing myself from my comfort zones, my f familiarities, my family, and, you know, fully dialing in. Um, you know, I'm not going to lie myself to Chris and go back and forth and, you know, all that PR is done. Um, I'm excited to get in there and put my hands on him Saturday night, irrelevant of all the rubbish he wants to talk and and you know, names and, you know, we're not at school and come Saturday night, I get to put me hands on him. You will be at school on on Saturday, my friend. I'm taking Well done. Well done. Well done. You very at school. I'm going to be the headmaster, my friend. Very. Yeah. and you will be in detention. You are funny, Chris. You made me laugh. Just focus on getting the weight off, fat boy. Weight? What's weight? Weight is uh everyone always talking about this weight thing. Um you know, yeah, the weight is painful. Yeah. Good. Um I'm in pain right now. I'll be in even more pain uh tonight and tomorrow morning and the worst pain you've ever experienced come Saturday night. I promise you that right now. You know the question I ask myself is what is pain? Oh sh um no I'm serious. What is it? Oh sh I have uh I have a 31year-old brother. He's uh buried in the desert in Dubai. That's pain. you know, I have uh his son Raheem, 3 years old. Um, you know, he asks, "Why can't I see my daddy? Why doesn't he take me to school?" That's pain. Um, my own father, uh, a man I idolized for, uh, my entire life, and, uh, we don't we he doesn't speak to me. we haven't spoken for years and he thinks I'm a disgrace. Uh you know that these things are what pain is to me. Um and if I can deal with all the these trials and tribulations then the weight cut and the rehydration clause these are all things that um are not an issue. They are not important. Okay, Chris, in the build up to the original date, you said 60% is what you'll be and 60% will be enough. What percent will you be on Saturday? And what percent will be enough to beat Connor then? Yeah, we're not doing the the percentages anymore. That was for the first time around before Connor got caught cheating. Now it's about, you know, preparing to get this kid out of boxing. Um, we're not taking him lightly anymore. You know, he he should have taken the chance he had in that first fight when I was underestimating, when I was, you know, playing, when I was taking him lightly. Um, that was his best shot. And now it's gone because now I have a duty to boxing, to the public, to the fans who he's lied to, who Eddie Hearn's lied to for the last two, three years. I have a duty to erase these guys from the picture. Connor, the ring magazine reported in the last couple of hours that you have requested for Billy Joe Saunders to inspect the wraps of Chris Eubank Jr. on Saturday night. Is that all surprises, Jamie? Well, the Ring magazine reported it before I Maybe. Maybe, maybe not. What do you make of that, Chris? It's irrelevant. Hand wraps is not going to save Connor Ben from the ass kicking he's about to receive. Oh, scary. Connor, hearing you speak this week, you say what gets you out of bed on those early morning runs is the fear of losing to another man. What about the fear of losing to this man Chris Eubank? Listen, it's always personal. I'm a very emotional fighter. You know, I fought with my heart my sleeve and it's it's the way I've been my whole career. It's the only way I know. So, for me, you know, he's he is another man. Yes, his name is Eubank. And I won't be losing to to a fighter whose name's Eubank. Especially not this man. He says he has no game plan, Chris. Just a hop skip and a right hand and and that will be all she wrote. Do you believe him? No, I don't. But that's the beautiful thing about this sport that it doesn't matter what you believe. All that matters is what actually happens once that bell goes. And nobody knows what's going to happen until it happens. Um, what I do know is whatever strategy, whatever game plan these people have come up with, uh, nothing will prepare them for the fire that they're going to receive. uh in a couple of days time. Final one to you, Chris. You did say it's impossible that this fight goes 12 rounds. As a a final message, how do you beat Connor Ben on Saturday night in the dream scenario? How do I beat Connor Ben any way I want to, you know? It's not about um strength and speed and age and weight, all the things that you guys love to talk about. Um it's about dedication. It's about uh paying who's paid their dues and who's done it clean, who's dedicated their life, who's real and who's fake. And um I believe all of those categories are in my favor. And Connor, final one to yourself. You've told us no game plan. You don't need a game plan when that opening bell rings here at Tottenham Hotspur. That's right. What happens? Yeah, I'm coming in to take his head off. And just finally, Chris, Eubank supremacy, that's what you've kept talking about in the buildup to this fight. You can cement that on Saturday. Is that part of what comes with with all of this occasion for you as well? Personally, legacy indeed. I'm confident. Um, you know, I still want that million pound bet that Eddie Hearn said he wanted to do. Um, Eddie, what's up, man? We going to put the mail on or what? I'm allowed to talk now. Well, I asked you a question. So, of course, get on the stage and answer. Yeah, I'll I'll talk. Firstly, I want to say how proud I am of No, no, no, no. When I said talk, I mean answer the question. I have a day off. Are you going to fulfill the bet or are you going to run away like the weasel that you are? I tell you what, I tell you what. I tell you what. So, his excuse at the moment is he's going to get fined 100,000 by the board if he bets. And that's why he can't bet me this million pounds that he said publicly that he wanted to do. So, how about I make it easier for you and I'll put a million up and you put 900,000 up. So, I've covered the 100k fine that you're going to get that you can't afford to pay and let's get it on that way. Let's put the money in escrow tonight and uh want to take all on on Saturday. How about that? As I said to your your promoter over there, we will have a conversation with Mr. Smith if I won't face any penalties on my license. We can consider it. In the meantime, get back to the hotel, take that weight off, and get prepared to get an absolute spanking on Saturday night. That's what I thought. always a way to weasle your way out of uh out of what you're supposed to be doing, which is honoring your word. Okay. If anyone Frank Smith, maybe you can you can play it the bet. I haven't got a million quid, mate. Do you think I'd be up here doing this? I'd be on a beach somewhere if I had that much money. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the final press conference. Nearly nearly time for the sound of that opening bell Saturday night. Chris Shu Bank Jr. versus Connor Ben. We're going to pose now for the faceoffs. Thank you very much. So, there you go. The press conference complete. That was good. That was good. I enjoyed that. It was spiky a lot of the way through. It was It was humorous in places. Quite deep. in other places as well when Eubank was talking about his late brother and Raheem the the young son that he left behind. I have to say very strong start by our ring comrade Rick Reno. He he kind of set a hot pace there, didn't he? Came out of the blocks absolutely knees pumping there, Reno. He really did and everybody else had to follow him. I was thinking this is a haggler. This can't go past three rounds. But it was good, Sunny, wasn't it? You know, there was there was plenty in there because with boxing, boxing is a really serious sport. We we know what can happen in there. It's too serious to be too serious all the time. And that was an enjoyable press conference. 100%. And it thinks crazy to me that look, we're talking about Reno. Someone that started a boxing website has now got a job somewhere else and is coming on giving the biggest promoters in the world stick. It blows my mind. and whoever did pay him and encourage him to say that there's probably 10,000 people in boxing that will do a 10,000 times job better than what he was doing. I can't lie, he aggravated me the life out of me. Well, he stood between the two fighters there as they're posing for the pictures with that ring magazine bell. Conor Ben, as we expected, didn't really engage and I think that was the right thing to do. Eubank had plenty to say. He he did what we expected him to do with Eddie Hearn and shouted him down quite successfully. Frank Smith had a go and manfully persevered and I think they kind of got their message across but they knew that it was coming. Both of these two just leaning into this and plenty of security surrounding the Matty Hearn just watching on with a smile on his face. I wonder how long this one's going to go for. I don't think either guy there is going to back down first. Well, it's it's a similar kind of setting actually to Fury in terms of how congested it is up there, how many people there are around them. And this will go on really as long as they decide that it will because as we've discussed a few times since that Fury face off. Once it gets past 30 40 seconds, certainly a minute, there's not much you can do. Rick's going to try and break this up now. But good luck with that because if they don't want to break the gaze, then it's going to be very difficult to make them do it. And people putting hands up and all the rest of it, it doesn't really work. It's going to take somebody to step in front of them like the security guy is there and just ease them backwards. That's the way to do it. Just ease them backwards so bit by bit they get further and further away and then eventually you're far enough away that that gaze is just naturally lost. I think lessons have been learned there by the security guys from Furyip because it's the same company who deals with it. Otherwise we'll be here all night. Otherwise we would be here all night. Look at the scour on Ben's face. And you can see, I think right now in these shots, you can see not only has he already taken some weight off, he's still got a bit more to do. Chris, I think he's going to be straight to whatever hop room or treadmill, whatever he does to get it off, he needs to get there. He needs to get there quick. Connor looks very good, very strong, and full of energy today. So, they're departing the stage now, and it it passed off pretty much with without incident, but it was it was what you wanted. It was close to the bone at times. Everybody had their say. Some spoke at more length than others. Jonathan Banks didn't go on too long. Same thing for Tony Sims. Nigel Ben was keen as he was when he spoke to us yesterday to tell everybody about the sparring. And then we had the kind of more comedy turn between Eubank and Matroom. But as I said, he he gave some interesting answers there, Eubank, when he was asked about pain and he talked about other things in his life that have caused him pain and that and that's that's how he really signifies the word. And that that's kind of true of all of you really, isn't it? None of you are afraid of physical pain. That that that's not something that bothers you at all. But one thing he will be afraid of on Saturday will be the the pain of defeat and the shame and the humiliation that will come with it in these circumstances because that is what they're looking at for the loser. And what a good speaker because when he kind of changed the tone to making everyone laugh and the adlibs in between what other people on the the stage were saying when he sort of broke down pain for a moment. I don't know about anyone else in the room but it kind of hit me in the chest. It was no he's right. everything everything that he's doing this this is sport this is making weight such things have been made on this when compared to what he feels like he's been through in his life none of that means anything pales into insignificance doesn't it no he was and and you're right I think the tone of the the energy in the room definitely come down a bit didn't it was like everyone was listening to him [Music] so Eubank sticking around to do a few interviews or just one kind of media scrum I think on Ben has has made his way out of the building. I think he'll be pleased that this is all over now. He didn't invest any energy in that really. I wouldn't say that he wasted too much energy. He just said what he wanted to say and and left Eubank to it for the most part. But that is a proper stare down. And interesting, I think that Eubank is just kind of tilting the head and looking down on him there. I wonder if that's kind of a deliberate thing because he is the taller one of the two and he's just maybe imposing a slight bit of body language there by doing that. But these two are bang up for it, aren't they? There's no there's no better phrase to describe it. They are ready the in the change rooms on the night. It won't be a case of firing either guy up. It'll be a case of keeping the heads cool, making sure that that they don't get overwhelmed so don't get too emotional. and the people around them, the the the camps, the teams, the family, everyone's sort of been dragged into how big this fight is and how much it means to the fighters, to the families, to their whole career really. You would think no matter where they go from here, this will probably be a legacy defining fight for both of them. It will probably blow what's to come maybe potentially out of the water cuz who else could they fight in the future that's going to garner as much attention, as much animosity, as much history that goes into the fight? That's absolutely true. So, just a final question for for for the pair of you. These next couple of nights they got ahead of them now. They've got to make weight, of course, and then they've got the rehydration. So, they've essentially got to do it twice. They've got to do it tonight. They've got to do it tomorrow night. We expect that that's more comfortable for Ben than it than it is for you, Bank. These final couple of nights though. What's it like because you're zeroing in and the time is at hand now. You can't say, "Well, it's a it's a few days away now. This is the business end." Well, well, tonight for for Eubank, it'll be a sleepless night. Sleepless night. It'll be it'll be you'll be lying in bed, mouth dry, belly hungry to be honest. You get past the hunger once you're in that thirsty stage. The hunger's secondary, isn't it? So, you know, he'll be thirsty. He'll be dry, but he'll also know that this is just part of it. He's been through before. It's not his first time doing it. Um, and then I think once he's made weight, I know I used to once I made weight, I don't even think about the fire party starts. It's like fireworks go straight up. It's like just eating and being a Do you know when you're that close and then you've made weight and you've got to wait for the hours to roll by and you're sat there deeply thinking about all the times you didn't drink a bottle of water in the last three months? It's it's crazy the mindset that making weight puts you in and then soon as you get off the scales, it's kind of like a relief for like a a freedom almost. And the night before a fight was probably the best night's sleep I've had in 3 or 4 months. The night before the fight, but the night of the before the weighin, that's usually the worst one you've had in in 3 4 months because the closer and dry you are, you'll think you've fallen asleep and you'll think you've been asleep for hours. you you blink up and it's been 40 minutes and you've still got 10 hours on weight waiting for the morning to come around and it can be held depending on how tight it is and you know I think what we know about Chris Eubank is size this is probably going to be a very rough yeah and all any demons you've got or any fears or thoughts negative thoughts that you've got you're lying in bed you can't really sleep you're thirsty you're hungry all that and you're you're going over the fight in your mind like I say the night before the fight you've weighed in you're feeding up sleep like a That's so interesting to hear. It really is. Well, that that's that's that's from two former fighters there telling you exactly what these two are looking at for the next couple of days as they just count down the minutes until they'll be ringing walking outside out the back of this room in Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. We've been seeing the transformation on the pitch during the course of the afternoon. They're getting everything ready here. It is going to be an absolutely incredible scene. It's been an absolute pleasure to be with you all week. will be back one more time tomorrow for the weigh-in in a different part of central London. Same time though, 6:00 p.m. British summertime. Make sure you join us for