Kind: captions Language: en Ben Sha introduced onto stage. Ben, you have a major major show this weekend's Tottenham Stadium. Over 60,000 soldout crowd. What kind of atmosphere are you expecting? Look, this is absolutely enormous. I think it's going to be something that goes down in history. It's the biggest fight of the year. It's the biggest event of the year. It's the biggest story in British boxing of the past 30 years. Um, I'm delighted to be involved. Thank you to boxer matchroom, the ring, his excellency. Without him, we wouldn't have been able to get this fight even made. But what a card and what an event we have to look forward to. And look, there's no secret about the rivalry between you and Eddie Hearn. How badly do you want Eubank to win this fight? Look, he's already told me it's on site and so I'm just watching myself. Um, but no, in all seriousness, this is about Chris and Connor. Chris is ready. He's had an unbelievable camp. He's taken this as serious as he's ever taken any fight and he's ready to do the business on Saturday. And what kind of fight are you expecting on Saturday? Look, I think it's going to be an unbelievable first two or three. Extremely frantic. I think Connor's going to come out, but I think once it settles down, I think Chris is going to show him who's boss and and and take him out. Thank you. Thank you. Cheers. [Applause] I've ever met. And now, let's welcome Mr. Eddie Hearn of Matchroom [Music] [Applause] Boxing. So, here comes Eddie Hearn. Distinct heightened reach advantage. I don't know if we're going to get a faceoff between the two. We've had a nice friendly handshake, which is a good start. Eddie, you promoted a lot of big shows in England, obviously with Anthony Joshua, a lot of fights at Wembley Stadium. How does this fight between Eubank and Ben stack up? Well, this is the biggest fight in British boxing outside of the heavyweight division since fro and Groves, but this has something very different. This has an appeal to all kinds of demographics, all kinds of age groups. Everyone knew their fathers and everyone know who they are. Um, this is the greatest rivalry in British boxing. Eubank Ben three really if you want to call it but just a massive event sold out at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and a real important moment for British boxing and these two fighters and look this fight obviously was meant to happen a few years ago but it feels like it's a lot bigger now with all the buildup right yeah of course look the narrative was there originally now you've got two years of bad blood you know the controversy the buildup this week as well but it's a great fight you know I said before people talking about their fathers of course they're two of the biggest legends of British boxing But these are two worldclass fighters in their respective divisions and our boys just looking sensational, ready to do the business. Yeah. And you say he's looking great. He's obviously moving up two weight classes. How do you think he's going to look on fight night? I think he's going to look sensational. I've never seen anyone put work like this in training camp. I've never seen him sharper. I've never seen him more focused. Um he wins by knockout on Saturday night. There's no question in my mind, the team's mind. He's ready. And you will see a demolition job from Conor Ben on Saturday night. Thanks, Eddie. Eddie and Ben, if we could please have you stand together for photos, please. They need to turn around to give us a face off here. Surely. Surely. I don't think Eddie would let him leave the stage if that happened. And Eddie, just for a bit of fun. [Music] That was an awkward photo. I think it's I think it's fair to say, isn't it? There's a lot of awkwardness on that stage. It's just the whole crowd as well. Just staying quiet and let just stand there in silence. Ladies and gentlemen, our main event this Saturday, scheduled 12 rounds in the middleweight division. Let's first welcome from Ilford, London, England, undefeated with 23 wins. 14 of his 23 wins coming by way of knockouts. Let's welcome the undefeated former WBA Continental Champion, Connor the Destroyer, Ben. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Something I find interesting about this is when you hear the fight announced Sunny 12 rounds middleweight. No title doesn't matter. As somebody once said a few years ago, this is for the the title of each other. It's for bragging rights. It might not have that much significance on a global scale in terms of world champions, but it is a British blood feud and that is what sells. Yeah. the one that started what 20 30 years ago and captured a whole generation. Their fathers have set such a legacy for them both to walk in that this is one of the biggest fights of today's day. Connor, you're a natural welterweight moving up two weight classes and in your middleweight debut, you're fighting one of the best in the world. How strong are you feeling? Yeah, listen, I mean it don't concern me in the slightest. You know, I've prepar prepared hard. I've done everything I possibly can in the gym. I've left no stone unturned. So for me, I look at him, I I ain't really too concerned. You know, I'll be in May anyway. This has been a really heated promotion. A lot of bad blood. Is it personal? Yeah, it's always personal. Every opponent I fight is personal. People want to say it's strictly business. It ain't business. It's never business. If you're trying to put your hands on me and render me unconscious, it's never business. It's always personal. Every single one of my opponent, but this one has a little bit more history to it, should we say? Yeah. you know, 30 years in the making, you might say, and you're gonna fight him on Saturday at Tottenham. How badly do you want to get your hands on him? Yeah, badly. I mean, I wish I'd done already. I wish I was fighting tonight, you know. So, unfortunately, we got to wait a few more days, but you know, ultimately all the hard work's done. I'm excited to go in there and and do a number on him. And what's your prediction? As soon as I get my hands on him, he'll know what's up. Thank you. And best of luck. [Applause] [Music] And now let's welcome from Brighton, England. He has a professional record of 34 wins, three defeats, 25 of those 34 wins come by way of knockouts. He is the former WBA interim world champion and current IBO middleweight world champion and number five by Ring Magazine. Here is Chris Eupic [Music] Jr. That was a good line from Connor Ben. It's never just business. It's always personal. And this is very, very personal between these two. I just feel Matt that if Eubank loses this fight, it'll kind of destroy his career to be honest because he's fighting for the Eubank name. So is Connor Ben, but Connor Ben's younger. He can come again. He's the one going up two different weight divisions. For Eubank there is nothing other than win. Yeah, I think it would destroy Eubank and rightly so. Connor Ben could stand the loss a lot more. He almost got the justification of stepped up two weights, etc., etc. But Chris, a fight many years in the making. You're the naturally bigger guy, 160 pounds, middleweight, and you're fighting Connor Ben coming up two weight classes. How much of an advantage do you think you have in the size, strength, and power department? I keep hearing this two weight classes thing. He's not coming up two weight classes. His last fight was at 156 pounds. He's he's putting four lbs on. He hasn't been welterweight for three years. This fight isn't about size or weight. It's about skill. It's about uh dedication. It's about uh expertise. And all those areas I excel in and uh have got many many more years of experience over Connor Ben and that will be the deciding factor on the night. Well, yeah, you're certainly the most experienced opponent of Connor Ben's career. Do you think your skills are going to be too much? your jab, your power. Again, it's uh you know, this isn't this isn't any one attribute. I'm a complete fighter. Um you know, I've been doing this for so long now. I've forgotten more things than he knows. And um that will show on the night. The experience, the dedication, and uh and the will. These will all be the the deciding factors. It's been a really heated promotion. You're already fined by the British Boxing Border of Control. Can we expect to see any more shenanigans from you in this promotion? Uh, shenanigans. I I I I don't do shenanigans. I I do what I believe is right and what I uh and I do what I want to do. Um, if you guys think they're shenanigans, then that's fair enough. I'm just being me. And lastly, you've talked a lot about your desire to fight Canelo Alvarez at some point. What kind of statement are you looking to make on Saturday as you look into that fight? The the procedure will be parliamentary. That's the only thing I can say about the outcome of this fight. Everything will go the way I want it to go. Uh I will be like a matador in that ring and Connor Ben will be the bull. Thank you and best of luck. Fighters, please face off at this time. So I wonder how close they're going to let these two get to each other. That's our main event Saturday scheduled 12 rounds. That's a sensible distance I would say. Yeah, I think so. I mean, just in case the destroyer, you just don't want anything stupid happening to fall off the stage. Someone does their ankle. Do you know what I mean? Too much on the line though. [Music] The procedure will be parliamentary. Throwing back to a favorite phrase of his dad's. He used it during the press conference as well. He was typical Eubank there. Ben was nice and relaxed to be honest. I thought he gave good answers. Eubank of the two of them is a more natural orator. He knows that Thursday will be his opportunity really to speak at length and say the things that he feels he wants to say. Conor Ben the first there just to break the gaze as we were saying earlier on nobody wants to invest too much in starowns at this stage of the week because we said it a few times now Matt but once you get past the 30 40 second mark then it turns into a thing and nobody wants to be the first one. So, they've all got that kind of internal body clock where they know when the right time is just to nice and relaxed, nice and casually, just break it off. Nobody's won. Nobody's lost.