Kind: captions Language: en Chris, the rematch with Connor Ben, was that the fight you always wanted next? &gt;&gt; Um, I signed for it. It was always going to be um, you know, an objective of mine to to make the fight so spectacular that people wanted to see the rematch. Uh, the fight lived up to expectations. So, now we get to go out there and do it again. &gt;&gt; You won on points last time in a really difficult fight. How can you go about making it easier for yourself this time? Um, I've got a few tricks up my sleeve. You know, we have um we have a new game plan. We have a new uh set of skills that we're going to employ. And I'm excited, man. I really am. This is one of them this is one of them fights that it doesn't come around a lot. You know, this type of rivalry is um it's hard to build. It's it's a type of fighter that really never it's never happened before where you've got two sons that have followed in their father's footsteps and um lived up to the expectation. You know, a lot of times these type of huge fights, they kind of fall a bit flat. We didn't do that. We put it all on the line, the fans loved it, and now they get to see it again in uh couple months time. &gt;&gt; If you were to win this time and win on a knockout, does that put the rivalry to bed once and for all? Is it over and done with from your perspective? &gt;&gt; I think so. Um, any type of significant victory and uh, yeah, I don't see there being a trilogy. Um, but who knows, you know, it could be it could be another fight of the year contender and then we might have to do it again. But my job is to go out there and take this guy out. &gt;&gt; As you said, you both put everything on the line last time. Just kind of get a little bit of respect from you for taking it all the way. Uh, listen, I respect any man who puts on a pair of gloves. Um, he did what he was supposed to do as a fighter, as a as an athlete. Um, you know, we sign up, we sign up for this. We sign up to go through the fire. So, um, yeah, I give him his respect. &gt;&gt; How much will you have an eye on what Canelo does against Terrence Crawford that's coming up? &gt;&gt; It's a big fight. It's a big fight and it's a fight that I'm looking at closely because after I dispatch of Connor Ben for the second time uh either two either one of those two men in Canelo Alvarez and Terence Crawford I would love to share the ring with uh 2026. &gt;&gt; So what you're saying is you've got your eyes on Canelo. Is that a fight that you really want to happen? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. You know I'm here to fight the big names. I want the biggest fights. I want the the fights that the fans want to see. And um Canelo Alvarez is the name in the sport right now. Um if Crawford wins then he's the name in the sport and I would want to I would want to take him on. So I'll be watching closely. &gt;&gt; Chris, we wish you all the best. Well done. &gt;&gt; Okay. I appreciate.