Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, in the last few minutes we can confirm that Chris Eubank Jr. has missed the weight. So he's weighing in this morning aiming for 160 pounds which is the middle weight limit but he has missed it and it is fine fine margins. Can bring you the details on his first attempt at weighing in missing it initially by 2 oz. That's how small we're talking. On his second attempt he has missed it by half an ounce and ultimately that's cost him half a million. uh as per the contract that he has with Connor Ben. I'm going to bring in these guys here and we're going to talk about it. First, Andy Clark. Um we we knew it would be tight, but he has successfully made middleweight a number of times, so we thought he could and and would do it, but really really fine margins. Yeah, it's a fractional thing. It's a fractional thing. It's just it's kind of great entertainment in the buildup to fight week to be honest. The fact that he's missed it by half an ounce, I don't think really means anything at all in the context of of what we'll see in the ring. But we saw him arrive just after 12. So Connor Ben weighed in at 11:26 and at that point under British Boxing Border Patrol rules for this fight. He's got an hour back to arrive and make weight. He arrived just after 12, I would say, 2 ounces, kicked a load of cameras out, called out for a towel so that he could remove his underwear. That took a while. Re-weighed 1 ounce over, then disappeared to the gym next door. He had a handful of minutes remaining at that point. Did a little bit of work, came back, and in the end it's it's half an ounce. And it's a very expensive half ounce. But it was, as I say, it's the it's the fun of the fair in fight week basically. But in in the context of the fight itself, I don't think it really means an awful lot that he's missed it by half an hour because I saw him and I thought he looked okay. I thought he looked okay. He's just he's just missed it and he will be kicking himself because it's a lot of money. Yeah. I mean, you say all the fun of the fair. I don't suppose it's been much fun for him over over the last few hours. Uh no reaction as yet from Connor Ben, but if we can bring you in, Matt, I mean, initially your reaction to this news and Andy saying he doesn't think it does ultimately make a lot of difference to the fight itself. I mean, it literally is the tiniest of fractions, which makes me think that he's just got it wrong. You know, he's just misjudged it. The scales he was checking his weight on. I I don't know. Uh and the fact that he went away and was able to get a sweat on in a short period of time. Like if he was bone dry, he probably wouldn't even been able to done that. Um it's a funny one cuz I just seen Tony Sims uh before who obviously trained Connor Ben and uh we were having a chat and like he's so confident anyway, but he obviously this has made him more confident and and confidence when you speak to someone, it can be infectious, kind Now I've I've picked Eubank to win uh when people have asked me up to now because on you look at his resume and then you see the two of them standing next to each other like there's there's no comparison in the resume of Eubanks and kind of bends and then you look at the physical advantages of Eubank but you know farther time is farther time and fighters you see them that when they are shot past it sometimes they can be a shell of themselves and then if you throw on top of them a weight issue and and look it will be hard for him to make weight You know, we can say, oh, a fraction of an ounce. It's the tiniest. He might have mjudged it. And that's my initial thoughts on it. But if he is really struggling that much that to make it and it's really and then also there's the the rehydration clause tomorrow. You know, this is this is starting to be quite expensive for Eubank Jun. I don't care how much money you've got, half a million dollars or pounds is a lot of money. You don't want to lose it. So, he won't want to he won't want to miss that as well. Uh, but if he's really tight at the weight, 10 lb might not be enough for him to re he might he might well come in over the 10 lb in the rehydration clause. Let's just explain that to people because we're talking about this middleweight limit of £160, but there is a clause in this contract whereby Chris Eubank Jr. is unable to put on more than£10 by tomorrow morning. So, we fully expected him to make use of of that weight. But, it's interesting you think that, you know, that's going to prove really crucial now. Yeah. Well, if he if he's taken£10 off from last night to now, which I would say he probably has, you know, to to then only be£10 heavier in the morning, you might say, "Yeah, well, you put the water back in." Yeah, but you it's not just water. You're going to have you need to put electrolytes back in. You need to rehydrate properly, salts that holds water. So, you're not you might not then, do you know what I mean? He could easily be over he could be 12, 13, 14 pounds in the morning. Um, I don't know what happens if that's the case. I I guess it's a hefty fine. Uh, no, I don't know. That's not something I could comment on. I guess ultimately it's just a case of how much is it going to cost him. But what would be the plan now? I guess it'll go away. Both of them rehydrate. Uh, I suppose he's just got to Eubank's just got to try and put this out of his head now. What's done is done. You know, the fight's on. Uh, he he's going to get he's going to pay the fine. Um, I suppose he just wants to try and stay within that£10 now so he doesn't have to pay a bigger one. Okay. Uh, anything further to add, I guess? Not really. I think he I think he'll be annoyed that he's missed it because he could have made it. He could have made it if he left himself a bit more time by the look of him. He could have made it because as Matt said, he went off to the gym. He did manage to get a sweat on. He wasn't completely dry. So, I think he'll be slightly irritated with himself. the 10 pound weighin. I'm not sure that's going to be that big a problem to be honest because whenever I've seen him fight at 160 before, I've never looked at him in the ring on fight night and thought, "Wow, he looks massive." That he's put on lots of weight with that kind of slim build that he's got. Weight can it can go on without you really seeing it. But yeah, he'll get the the electrolytes in, replenished, probably have one proper meal, and hopefully sleep well tonight because what he doesn't need tonight is a kind of sleepless night, waking up every hour, looking at the clock, thinking, "H, am I going to make it?" That's that's no good because Connor Ben will sleep like a baby tonight. He weighed in at 156. And I know the way they've done it, they have brought him down to under the weight from above it. And they do plan to observe that kind of ritual and replenish themselves. So they will have kind of deprived him slightly. Not not for no good reason, but just because that's what you you're used to doing basically. I don't think it'll be I don't think Connor Ben will be much heavier than that on the night. A few pounds maybe. I did ask him earlier. So we did manage to get some reaction from Connor Ben following his way and I did ask him how much does he plan to to make use of that space that he has and he said he doesn't really need it. He said he's not a middleweight. is comfortable where he's at. We haven't managed uh to get any reaction from Chris Eubank Jr. after this. He left the building. So, we did we we filmed him on his way out, but we've not managed to have a word with him. But, as I say, we got that reaction from Connor Ben. He wasn't hanging around to see how Chris got on. He said he wanted to focus on himself. He'll head back to the hotel uh and enjoy some food and and as you say, try and get some sleep and relax. So, thank you both for your thoughts. It's all happening here. If you missed the top, well, uh, that is the breaking news that Chris Eubank Jr. has missed the middle weight limit by half an ounce. So, fine, fine margins here in East London, but it has cost him an awful lot of money. Elena, thank you very much indeed. Wow. We have a breaking story. It just adds to the spice, the narrative around this huge fight. A reminder, our coverage gets started from 5:00 p.m. tomorrow. It's live on Sky Sports Box office. the event available to Sky customers, but also non-S sky customers via the Sky Sports Box Office app in the UK and Ireland. Virgin Media and EETV customers, just simply contact your operator and go to skysports.com/box office for more