Kind: captions Language: en So that is the ladies and gentlemen father down at ringside Nigel Ben with Eddie Hernweight division let's first welcome from Ilford London England he is undefeated with 23 wins 14 of his 23 wins coming by way of knockout let's welcome the undefeated former WBA Continental Champion Connor the Destroyer Ben. [Music] [Applause] [Music] And Matt, of course, what we're doing this week is pitting these two against each other because they're going to fight on Saturday night. But what's always interested me, and we touched on it yesterday, is the similarities between Ben and Eubank in terms of their boxing journeys. Yes, they're both sons of famous fathers, but both dads took the same approach when their dad when their sons said they wanted to box. I remember I us talking to Connor on our podcast a while ago. It would have been four years ago now probably. And he explained how when he decided he wanted to do this off the back of a all amateur career in Australia really his dad sent him over to Ilford where he's from rented him a flat nothing special I think gave him something ridiculous like 50 quid a week spending money. He had to get two buses to the gym and that was how it was for him because they want them to earn it in the early stages. is they wanted them both to prove that this is this is for you. Show me how much you want it. You know, don't tell me how much you want it. Show me how much you want it. So, make it as tough as possible. And I guess there might have been a part of it that was probably hoping they won't want to do it after that as well. Uh but when they and then I guess if you do still want it after that, then you got my blessing. And I think probably uh uh any fighter knows that typically 99% of fighters that you see and that are impressive usually come from hardship. The reason why it's such a working class sport is because the only people really insane enough to dedicate a whole life to getting punched in the face. The ones that don't have too much more other options now, you know, being raised as a Ben or a Eubank. You can only imagine, you know, what the kitchen looked like and what the drive looked like. They had such great high pinnacle professional careers that would have been able to afford the fathers to give their sons the best parts of life throughout. Now, you strip someone away of that, if you're going to go be a fighter, that's the first thing you have to strip away. You have to strip away the comfort. You have to strip away the luxury because the fighters that you're going to be coming up against, they're not going to have that until they get there. And the fathers know how tough that road is and they want to see, have you got the minerals? Have you got the desire to to do this? She's all right. Don't tell me. Show me, you know, you like you say, you strip that away. You strip away the luxuries and they still come out the other side of that and they want it badly. Well, then I guess if you're Eubank senior or Ben senior, then you think, okay, fair enough. You got my blessing now. Yeah. And I feel like once once your son once a boy starts becoming a man, they can start making their own decisions. Once they've looked at boxing their whole life because their father was a legend, how can you begrudge them from wanting the same? I said it yesterday. How can you begrudge a son that has watched thousands if not millions of people in awe at their father and their efforts in the boxing ring? How could you not want a bit of that for yourself? Why would you want a different reality to that? That's right. And there is something impressive too, I've always thought about people who choose to do this despite the fact that they don't have to do it. You talked about the necessity that drives a lot of fighters. They need to escape their circumstances. this is the only real way out for them. There are so many stories like that down the years, but when you have someone who doesn't have to do it but chooses to do it, that's that's a kind of whole other ball game in a way. Actually, you're not a bad example of this because you were a year into a law degree, I think, weren't you, when you decided to sack that off and turn pro as a fighter and you know, you did well at school and all that kind of thing. You didn't have to be a boxer, but but you wanted to be a boxer. Did did you ever come up against opponents who kind of looked at you and just thought, you know, why are you here? You don't you didn't need to do this. I I don't know what they thought, but I know from my point of view, it was it was I was chasing a dream. Do you know what I mean? You want to prove that I guess kind of Ben and and Eubank Junior, they're they're they're trying to prove themselves to their dads almost. They're trying to prove themselves to everybody that they've known growing up that probably were in awe of their dads. They want to prove you, but just because I've had it this way doesn't mean that inside me I'm not tough or I'm not hard and gutsy. They want to prove that they're they're those men, too. Didn't your Sunny, didn't your dad put up a boxing ring in the front yard? I heard that that down in your part of the world it everybody knew where your house was because there was a boxing ring in the front garden. Did you and Charlie really have any choice? I know your dad wasn't a boxer, but he he was a competitive athlete, wasn't he? He raced hot rods for Great Britain, I think. So, I mean, did you have a choice? Yeah, of course we had a choice. Charlie was putting on a bit of weight and finally starting to think about, you know, 11, 12, starting to think about girls and what your body looked like. And he wanted to go boxing to sort of not be a little chubber. And I looked at my brother and thought, I want to do everything he does. I want to do it better cuz I was competitive. And yeah, our dad had us in the boxing ring. We trained like Chinese gymnast kids. We was running 30 miles a week. who was training 3 4 hours sessions and he would tell everyone anyone that ever met him that his two sons were the best Britain had ever had. I'm talking we're age 14 15 at this time. Um but that support I was having a conversation earlier that support of having your dad there taking you picking you up from school making you not have to think about anything that got me and my brother where it is today. that support that Connor Ben's feeling all week, all camp, and the support that in this camp Chris Eubank's not had and we talk often about fighter trainer combinations and this is a tight bond between Connor Ben and Tony Sims. Nigel Ben trusted Connor to Tony and they've stuck together all the way through. That's not been an easy thing to do over the last couple of years. will have been very important, Tony, with that kind of mentoring role, that second father figure role to try and keep him going through what they described as some very dark times. He's a very good coach, isn't he, Tony? He's a man of relatively few words. He's not interested in doing interviews, but he knows the sport inside out. Yeah, and he's brought a few fighters through now. Um we've seen a a good run of uh form especially a few years ago there was a real high moment for him and I think this is again the stage where look if he comes through this a corner Ben um perceived underdog in a lot of people's eyes the smaller fighter if he finds a way to win this win it clean win it clearly this will be a great performance from the whole team the preparation the weight there's a lot of variables a lot of things were changing it weren't where he's been preparing to what he's been dropping to they would have had to go up higher that have eating more. They would have been changing things. They would have had to done more training because he's a lot more fueled than what he would be. They would have had to do a lot of adjusting to get Connor Ben ready for this fight. Yeah, absolutely. There's there's literally a lot of science to it because it would be easy for people that you can just kind of relax and just not worry too much about your calorie intake, but there still the goal is like you say to to go above it and then come down to it. And let's be real, the 2 and 1/2 year hiatus from when it was meant to happen till now has probably done the world of good. Okay, I know at 157 before and there was a much bigger question mark at at that weight than now we're at 16. He's had the two fights now, hasn't he? Or put super walked around for heavier. He's not had to drop down. and he's had more time in camp, more time sparring bigger guys and getting prepared for this fight and bigger himself cuz you don't want to be all of a sudden you go up in weight and you could easily feel sluggish not lose the sharpness. It's you know bigger heavier doesn't always necessarily mean better. Everyone's got an optimum fight doesn't always mean more powerful because if you're not hitting that sweet spot of how quick the punch gets there, how well and the weight is you lose your sharpness, you're going to lose your power and you're putting too much weight behind the shot. All of a sudden, you're missing the shots that used to get there. It's fractions of a second. It's that timing. It's that ability to let it go at that exact moment for it to land at the right time. And you add a couple of kilos, a couple of pounds, it can have a little difference. It can have a just you add 13 can have a massive difference on on the the the shape of the body. I remember seeing him actually about two weeks before the fight fell apart. We we were in the Intercontinental off the side of the O2 mat and he walked past, we had a quick chat and and he looked absolutely fantastic back then and obviously that's no indication of of what's going to happen now. But I just remember being very very impressed by the shape that he was in. One thing that people kind of overlook I think is because of the surname and the spotlight that's been on him and the fact that he's headlined amount of cards. This is the first time he's been involved in anything like this and this is this is massive. Eubank's been involved in stuff like this before. We kind of feel like Ben has but actually he hasn't. What kind of what kind of impact could that have? Oh, definitely like you know he's he's been around it but to to be headlining to be the the you know the half of the main event of it it is on on territory for him really and uh but but I think it but I think he'll take it in his stride you know he's there's been two and a half years since the first one that was a big buildup so he had the experience of going through all that which would hold him in you know goodstead for this as well what's your take on that Sunny because you know you you headlined cards of course you were in big fight to you. You became a a world champion and and you would have been on big cards but not the main attraction. What's what's the difference like? It's massive to be honest and even after I had the biggest night maybe of my life against B Rodriguez. My next was on his undercard. That was a bigger event but I weren't the main event this time and it is it's a different sort of fight week. It's more relaxed for me I think when you get there and you know I maybe thought at flyweight I'd never really get this moment. I never thought I'd be getting to the um the press conference, public work cuz at first I wasn't even invited to him. I was on the undergarded. I didn't need to be anyway until the weigh- in. Um but the moment that the eyes are on you, the might the moment the pressure all of a sudden every conversation all the interviewers they're first wanting you rather than anyone else. Normally someone might come. You might get pulled somewhere. There might be something you're doing with the promoter to help push your career. All of a sudden, it's okay, we need a 2, three hour slot and we're going to hit 12 interviews and then all of a sudden it's a Zoom and then you got to drive over there and do something else. You got to do a face to face. It all becomes a lot more of a busy fight week. So, here we go. Eubank Jr. is in the house, but whilst we're looking at him backstage, we've been joined by some British boxing royalty, the Dark Destroyer himself, Nigel Ben. Nigel, I've been doing this for quite a long time now, but you have the the timing the timing of your fight with Eubank was was I was 12 and it just sucked me down the boxing rabbit hole and I've never returned. So, I am slightly starruck by you still to be honest. From Brighton, England. But how how is this experience for you? I've been watching the behind the scenes stuff and you're in the background there just giving what other whatever support your son that you feel that he needs. Does it almost feel like you're reliving it? I'm going to stop you right there. You don't need nothing from me. He'd been spying with William Skullion. He's inspired with Denzel Bentley. He's inspired with the guy that knocked him on. These weren't these weren't middleweights. I they were like light heavies. And you know what? No. I was like when after the smile with with with William Skull, I was kissing me son saying like my little boy like my little boy. I thought mate what? Me and Tony went I'm not going to say we went what the freaking hell just happened. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. And bossing them all around. No disrespect to none of them. But this is a guy that's moved up a weight, two weights, and and doing it easy with these big guys that that uh world ranked middleweights and super middleweights and IBS champion. What What about psychologically though because you spend a lot of time I know where you're going. Connor Connor 100% not like him 60% Connor's 100% on the money. But does he not come to you for advice for anything? Huh? Does he not come to you for advice for for for anything? No, not at all. I stay out of it. He don't need no advice from me, Matt. I kind of feel like if um if I was Connor Ben, I would be going to him for advice because someone who's been there and done it. I don't believe he's lying. Of course he goes to his dad is with him. Listen, me and Connor, we have a we have a good father and son relationship. We laugh and we joke and all that, but it's not even about that because I've seen what he's done. I've been in training camp. I actually told Tony, just show a little bit what he can do. He just showed a little bit. Not like coming out there tip tapping, just showing a little. And Connor's one of these old fighters that can do rounds. He's not a 12 round fight. He can do 15 rounds. When he was sparing with skull He was up in the pace. He was meant to do 10 rounds and he only managed seven and a half. You worked that out. You worked that out, my little boy. But I'm not saying no more. Why do you think I've got a big smile on my face? Do I look like I'm threatening? Oh my gosh. Not at all. It will not go past four rounds. Everybody's got this weight about you, Banks. Oh yeah, he's a big mate. You didn't see what Connor was doing with World Rank Fighters. You didn't see William Skull. Yeah, but people can't speak about what they didn't see. But people can't speak about what they didn't see. Yeah, but I'm telling you now. So, at the end of the day, everyone's saying, "Oh, yeah, he's bigger, mate." And listen, when we lost to Smith the first time around, that was Smith at his best. The second fight, Smith was all over the place with his legs. In the first four rounds, he was claiming Smith. He was he was scared. Didn't he realize he ain't got no power? And can you imagine what this support on fight week from your dad's who's also a British boxing legend, a world boxing legend really? Can you imagine the energy that Connor's soaking in from this? this response from not only the person that brought you in this well, but someone I'm actually going to tell you he's like a much better version of me. And it wasn't it was like it's himself and I'll take no credit. It's himself. The way that he's gone from fighting first having his um pro debut to where he is now, that's all hard work when it like seeing him now is like 90% better. Yeah. You've seen him go spar with the IBF champion. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Denzel Bentley, world ranked, the guy that knocked out Monia. Um Um Bruno from Bruno the race, mate. I'm sorry to say, but he was looking for the back of the ropes. I'm so proud, so happy of my boy. He don't go past four rounds. I'm telling you that now. So, we we were talking about it when when Connor was in the ring. We were just going back to his early days and what he told us about how it went with you when he basically said he wanted to box and when you sent him over to to Ilford with basically just some pocket money, he was getting a bus to the gym. Did you basically a week? Did you want him to do this? No, I didn't. But the difference is he didn't live the life that I lived. So, I'm happy about that. And he's he's gone down that that that that good route. But you wanted to make it, Matt was saying you need you needed to make it hard for him to see how much he whether he was real, whether it was for him or not. Go go go and see if he really wants it. You ain't getting no help from me. And that's what I've done. £50 a week. Sometimes they ring me out and say, "Look, Dad, I'm at Ricky Hatton's. Have you got £20? I want to buy fish and chips." So I sent it over to him, but I look where he is now. The best 20 you ever spent. So, do do you really not think that Eubank poses any kind of threat? Pardon? Do you really not think that Eubank poses any kind of threat? No. No. Absolutely none. When I saw the last guy that he thought the the the Russian guy, I think, or something. I was worried when he got a clip. I thought, don't don't don't because I knew Connor was in line for it. I'm not worried. I'm absolutely not worried. Not because of what Eubank about what Connor could don't even think about him. All about Connor. All about Connor. And I say it don't go past four rounds. Maybe you might be a bit shocked, but I think what my son done. Well, no. You've got I'm not going to argue with you. Let's um let's be clear about that. But just find a one before we let you go. Yeah. Obviously, you played an active part in Connor's preparation. Are you slightly sad that that that Chris Senior's not going to be there on the night? 100%. I'm so sad. I wish Chris was there, mate. Because at the end of it's a family affair and uh you know what it is is at the end you got one dad. I don't like to see that with with a father and son fall out publicly. You know, sort out your issues behind closed door makeup, mate. I don't like to see that. I wish Chris Troulet did not slag off his son publicly regardless about smashing the egg. He's not he's not a disgrace. He's done really well for himself, you know. emotion. It shouldn't be like that, you know, you know, saying that in public about your son, mate. Get your head sorted out, mate. I'm sad about that. I wish good would see that, you know, he's got to back his son. Whatever he does, and not keep saying like, you know, that the fight, you know, it's not going to happen. Not going to happen. It is going to happen. We're right here now. And the other thing I want to say is we all talking about this hydration. You know what it is? 10 lbs. He's always fought at middleweight. to how all of a sudden now because he's fighting Connor, it seems a problem. I don't I don't get it. I don't get it. But anyway, we don't care. I guarantee he'll emotionally say he's struggling at the weight. And I think after this fight, he'll say, "Let's make it at 160." I'll tell Connor, "Take it at 168." I don't care. I think once you lost your chin, you can't replace. It's gone. And you'll see on Saturday night. Okay. Well, short shot you. No, no, no, no, no. I just still can't, you know. Let me just let me just get me breath back there. Let Well, to be honest with you, I'm just kind of gazing at you, Nigel, with a mixture of awe and love given the You just wanted another cuddle there. I was on you there, Andy. given the um given the entertainment you gave us back in the day because it is it's quite hard to explain to people who weren't around then just how massive it was that fight those two fights between you and Chris Senior because we're on terrestrial TV terrestrial TV national newspapers radio nothing else it's a different world now but literally if you stopped anybody on the street and asked some Ben or Eubank they would know what you were talking about it's I mean it's a long time ago now but does it seem like another life never it's another it's I don't know it's just like you know it's completely different mate it's like a it is you know now it's like um pay-per-view now wish pay-per-view were around when I was around mate I'd be living in Buckingham Palace but you know it's another thing you know what I mean but anyway I'll go back to my son okay we'll let you go thanks very much take care good to see you and meanwhile in the background Chris Eubank Jr is actually doing a little bit of work. Connor Ben as we saw did did a reasonable amount of work. Gave us a little bit of a show. New Bank in there with Jonathan Banks. He trained him for his last fight. His fight before that of course it was Brian McIntyre who had some logistical issues exiting Great Britain I think is probably the the diplomatic way to to put it. And so he's been with Jonathan Banks who is a very experienced trainer. And we saw a clip of him talking to you about yesterday and the gist of it was that he's not trying to reinvent the wheel. When you've got somebody who's that age who has had a lot of success, you don't want to try and completely change them in a way that maybe Roy Jones did try and do. You've got to work with what they're good at and what with what they're comfortable doing. Yeah. You got to work with what they've got that's worked for them. They've been successful, so it works. You've just got to try and put your own bit of polish on that. uh as you see, you know, he's a good coach, been around a long time, won lots of different fighters. Uh and he'll know that he'll know that you can't change a fighter at this stage in his career. You've just got to get him fit, get him sharp, get him motivated, mentally focused, and if you can add a few little nuances here and there, great. Yeah. And it almost seemed to be around the time that Chris Eubank started calling for the Crawford fight. When I first saw that, I thought that you still had the same trainer. I didn't know how it was going to work, but obviously we've seen him. He's moved to Banks and he's confident in in the work he's doing. He he's looked relaxed. He's looked confident. The whole process really, he's been enjoying the little wind up. Maybe it's just not got to the right stages of fight yet before we've really started seeing anything. Both fighters have been very reserved and and kind of just focused on turning up, getting the business out the way. No one's seemingly interested in selling the show massively or blowing out the water just yet. So, I think it'll be interested to see if at any point that sort of narrative changes from either fight. I think that's what most people are looking out for right now between the two headline fights. And Matt, we feel like we know what Connor Ben will do when the first bell rings. Unless it's some big double bluff, then he's going to come for Eubank. He can't be reckless or gung-ho. He has to be as clever about it as he can be. But he is going to look for him. When the bell goes, if you're training Eubank, what do you tell him to do? First bell, what does he do? Eubank. Yeah. I I think if I was Eubank, I I'd try and take the center of the ring and back kind of bent up. I'd try and take the the play away from him. I don't know. I don't know if I necessarily agree. I think if Chris gives up his height reach advantage and looks to sort of close the gap down and put pull it on Connor, if you have a better word, he can do it in a clever way. He doesn't he can still keep the the height and the reach and take the center of the ring. I just think we're going to see him sitting off and I think we're going to see him touching the first phase and as soon as Connor tries to come in, tries to come round, tries to do anything, then I think we're just going to see him letting shots go and trying to just be quite methodical with it, I think he's going to try and walk him onto the uppercut, try and walk him on to a a clean shot moment. And I think he's going to try and do his best job of not giving anything easy. I think if he can get out of the ring unmarked, unscathed, that's what he's going to try and do. I I think the uppercuts will be key for you, Bank. I think Connor Ben's shorter guy. They'll be looking to bob and weave and come underneath. And I think the uh the jab, keeping him at that distance and also trying to walk him onto the uppercuts. I think that'll be uh that'll be big for you, Bank. The way that he throws that uppercut, too. He I mean, it's quite long, isn't it, compared to most people's. He really kind of whips it in. He doesn't get on your shoulder and just throw it really really tight. So, you feel like that could be a punch that he could he could bring him on to. I'll be really interested to see what he does do when the first fell goes because I hear exactly what you're both saying. He's got the height and reach and the size basically. Can he use that to just keep it on the outside or like you say take the middle and keep him up? He's got a decent enough jab, but it's never been it's never been a Yeah. Um, I think we've seen him use it well at times. I think there's been some fights where when he has been hesitant and a bit more patient, he might not have at them times had the overall quality to control it as much. So, when he started like letting his hands go and I think what's never been questioned is his athleticism. He's always been very capable of throwing five, six, eight, 10 of the same shot if he wants to. He's physically very fit, very strong. And I think a smart coach in this instance looks at the only way that Connor Ben can win and go away from that. I think you give Connor Ben a fight and some easy target to hit. And when you're throwing a clean shot, that's his percent for me. That's his chance to win the fight. Now, if Chris is establishing his reach, touch him on the way in, setting his feet as Connor comes and then lands whilst Connor's stepping over the trench, then I don't really see a way where Connor's going to be able to get to him without having to take that clean shot on the way in. [Music] He's always had good hand speed, hasn't he, Eubank? Good rhythm to him. But he's also had a good chin really for the most part. And what I think's happened at some times, I think people have looked at Liam Smith not at maybe the same level that I do. I think in the buildup at the press conference, there was talks about ah well Liam beat him. Liam fought Canelo. Liam's been world champion. Liam's operated and been a tough competitor all the way to the very top. Yeah, Liam when he he uh when he fought Canelo and I know this for a fact, he he didn't spar for four or five weeks before because he got caught sparring Cal Brook Brooke. So, he wasn't even tiptop going into Canelo fight, but it was at the time by far the biggest purse he would have had. It was, you know, a life-changing amount of money. It was Canelo, you know what I mean? He he couldn't really pull out of the fight, but he he wasn't I know he wasn't his best cuz I know he didn't spar for four weeks prior to the fight. And also with that defeat to Liam Smith, who is just a very good fighter, fact. End of story. We we we we all know that the way that he got hurt was kind of odd because he got backed up into the corner and then he was looking away when he got hit. So, he wasn't really braced for it, which is his fault, but the fact that he wasn't braced for it, I think made it even more devastating. I think the thing with Liam Smith and the the the loss that Eubank suffered against him was the manner of it. I don't think it was because it was Liam Smith or William Smith's ability, but I don't think Liam I think Liam would admit this. He going into that fight, he wouldn't have been considered a heavy one punch knockout merchant and he and Eubank would have been known as having been really solid whiskers, but he got he got dropped dropped heavy and was out on his feet when the fight got stopped. So, you know, Nigel said there he thinks Chris Eubank's chin's gone. He said when he's gone, it don't come back. He's only had two fights since. One was the rematch. Um, and obviously the fight out in Saudi, so I don't know if his punch resistance has gone or not. And like I said, because the most biggest uh evidence of it is the Liam Smith. I feel like every time Beefy does throw a shot, it's weighty. Now, he's very good at throwing with you in the fire. I think that's what Connor needs to be doing. When Connor gets close enough to Chris and they're both throwing, he's got to stay calm. He's got to be resetting his feet at a better rate and he's got to be picking his moments better. I think there's a lot of variables, but we've seen he can be hurt. Connor Ben, we know is a big know he can hurt someone and knock him out cold. So even though that might not be carried up all the way, if he's consistently landing some clean shots and doing a good job at getting out the way and smothering when he needs to, he can cause Chris Eubank nightmares. But I think it's much more reliant on yes the chin but his tactics. Chris Eubank I think like I said if he stands off if he uses reach and his height and his timing and if he's still got it. See I think if he uses with with Eubank boxing keeping the head land down trying to jab and back off it it you know kind of Ben coming in low and then punching up generating power springing up. I think he's more open more vulnerable to getting hit with a big shot. And if he comes out, takes the center of the ring and knows he's there and and bends his knees and then Ben comes in, try and push him back and step on him and back him up behind the double jab, you take and and if if he can get kind of Ben going back, it's going to be more difficult for Ben leverage to get the power into the shots. That's why I think if he comes out doesn't have to push, just take the center of the ring and don't get backed up. I think if he starts getting backed up and he's trying to jab and Ben's coming up high, um coming from a low position, punching over the top, he might be more open for that right hand down the left side. And that's why I think when he if he is going forward trying to push him back, if he steps in punching down, his chin's massively exposed for an over the right right hand. And I think that's why I just think we're going to see him playing a bit more safe. I think he's going to look at Connor um Ben as a brawler, as someone Chris Bank's not um naive enough to not at least uh respect his qualities, I think. And I think he's um likes to come across and and I think he does as a more intelligent and thoughtful boxer with a lot of the work he does both inside and outside the ring. And I don't think he's going to want to go in there and just have a shootout. I don't think he's going to want to give that luck. You know what I'm saying? He doesn't he can take the center of the ring without having a shootout. Smart, you know, but it's about getting carried away with a success. If you hit one, you hit two, then the third comes and that's when the the response comes. And I don't know, it'll be I think definitely though the tactics of both fighters will be interesting cuz I even think Connor will get a lot more success if he's not just marooned in plotting forward. I think if he can find a way, easy work on Saturday. Tell him easy work on Saturday and he's letting us know easy work. I don't know if I fully agree with him, but that's what uh the boss is saying. Um my boss anyway. Um when you look at it, you you have if you're being logical, you have to make Eubank the favorite. We we were talking about this yesterday because he's the one who's boxed at middleweight almost his entire career. Good spell up at super middleweight and he's operated at a much higher level. So if you look at the bare bones of it like that and just be completely about it, then then you have to install him as the favorite. Quite interesting, isn't it, that both of our mainers chose to do a pretty solid amount of work in there. Chris got a a decent sweat on. Connor did the same, which you don't always get at the open workouts. He's quite hard to read you, Bank, isn't he? That expression on his face. It didn't really change too much as he was being put through his paces. And when it comes to predicting what he will and will not do in terms of will he come over here and have a conversation with us or won't he, I can't make any firm predictions on that on the movements of Chris Eubank Junior, but we will hear plenty from him during the course of the week and they've both been quite relatively tight lipped so far. I mean, they've done the bits and pieces that they've needed to do, but it's it's the press conference that is the real set piece, whatever it is that they both want to say tomorrow. And Eubank in those situations, he is the governor, isn't he? But I mean, how much does it really? I think the press conference will be lively tomorrow. I think it's been fairly low key up to now. They're doing what they've got to do, but I think I think that tomorrow the press conference, that's when they're going to get the chance to kind of plant that doubt in you. Get that one upmanship. Yeah. And I think like Andy just said, Chris Eubank just naturally just stops, smiles, tells Eddie to shut up. Like he's just constantly just doing something. Is it pre-organized or arranged in his head? Is it pre-planned? Is it completely just off the cuff? Who knows? You'd have to ask him. But he always does a very good job at no matter what gets said to him, having something good to come back with. And you know, he's very confident. He's very successful. He's well dressed. He knows how to articulate himself. So, it almost paints the picture really trying to argue with him. And I think a lot of the time it's easy just to sort of get frustrated at what he's doing because he's not giving loads of energy. He's not getting angry. He's not getting a agitated in front of you. He almost looks like he's enjoying the exchange. And I think that's what usually gets someone. I think looking at him and thinking he's getting exactly what he wants right now. while their heads reacting to the little oneliners. Now he's got their promoter getting up calling everyone scumbags. Like he's always got something going on where usually he's upsetting a few people in the room. What I've always been really impressed about with him though is that he's been his own man right from the start, but you carry the surname and it's and it's got some real weight to it. But he does seem to genuinely be one of these rare individuals who lives his life on his terms. And as he's been at pains to point out in the buildup to this fight, he's still the bad guy. He never cheats. He never cuts corners. He never lies, but he's still the bad guy. But he does seem to not really be too bothered by what other people think about him. And that's a very difficult thing to achieve, particularly these days. Yeah, he doesn't seem to want to win the admiration of the millions and the billions. He doesn't seem to want to be the people's champion is that's never been the angle he's gone gone down. And I feel like that's what's so bizarre maybe about how this has come out that I do think the general typical gist of what people would want to happen because of the scandal really and maybe the way that he sort of entertained the way through the sort of the main selling points in this buildup have all been Chris Eubank. I think the main um you know sound bites the the content that's gone out there it's kind of been more Eubank where Ben seems much more trackminded much more focused much more I just want to get in there and get in the fight it's kind of been his narrative the whole way through which don't get me wrong I think there's pros and cons of both but when it comes to being the showman when it comes to selling I think Chris Eubank is a hard man to compete next to 100% 100% and we will see that battle tomorrow at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. That wraps it up for the open workouts and for these couple of days we've spent in Canary Wolf. We decamp tomorrow to N17 to North London. A spectacular spectacular setting where we will see these two and the rest of the card of course up on the top table and they will have their last meaningful opportunity to score some verbal victory over their opponent if they are so inclined. I think Eubank Jr. will definitely be inclined. It'll be interesting to see what we get from the rest of the the undercard as well. Actually, I think Brandon Glanton may have a few things to say. Yard and Lindon Arthur, that could get a little bit heated at times. But thanks for joining us today. We will catch you again tomorrow.