Kind: captions Language: en in Hotspur Stadium, London. Two fighters, two arch rivals will step into the ring and face each other in the main event of a great night of worldclass professional boxing for your entertainment. And now we welcome you to the official weigh-in for that main event. It's a presentation of the Bible of boxing, Ring Magazine, and SNK Corporation, publisher of the video combat game Fatal Fury: City of Wolves, along with promoters Ben Shalom for Boxer, Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing, and Box Raw. Sponsorship provided by the public investment fund. Visit Saudi STC SRMG Dr. Sulaman Al-Hab Medical Group Saudia the National Airline of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Jedha season, Milaf Cola, Visit Cotter, Core Group, Dessert, NHC, Jacko, Sky, the Arab National Bank, First Data, Cella, and SMC. So now, ladies and gentlemen, the main event, 12 rounds of boxing scheduled in the middleweight division. And on the line, legacy, but even more important, bragging rights for sure. With almost 70,000 fans in attendance, this will be broadcast and streamed live worldwide on Done and available on both Don and Sky Sports box office here in the United Kingdom. So, at this time, ladies and gentlemen, let's bring the fighters to the stage and to the scales. First from London with a perfect professional record consisting of 23 fights, 23 victories, including 14 big wins by knockout. He's the European Continental Welterweight Champion. He is Connor the destroyer Ben. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Connor Ben there Johnny just making his way through the crowd. A few hugs there. Soaking it up. Few pictures along the way. H how different will he be feeling right at this moment when when Chris knows he's he's missed the weight the 10 pound rehydration clause for Connor I guess he can relax a little bit yeah so the difference here will be Connor as far as he's concerned he that the hardest bit of of a big fight he's taken away once you've done the done the weight you like yes I've done it you likes it then then it's a different form of emotions he's done the hard work so now he'll be be fully hydrated he's on point now he needs to get through through these formalities. See the guy that he wants to fight in his face. He stepped onto a different platform of emotions. It's not about making away. Is about getting rid of the guy that's in. This is the last time he will see [Music] [Applause] Chris. And now making his way to the ring from East Sussex. His professional record an excellent one. 34 victories, 25 big wins by knockout against only three defeats. He's the twotime IBO super middleweight world champion. and the current IBO middleweight world champion, Chris Eubank Jr. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] There are a few boos there for Chris Eubang Jr., but that won't bother him at all. Look at him standing there. You've got to remember, don't bother one bit. He's done nothing wrong. And and this is his point. He's saying, you know what, I've just gone through my career. The only thing he's done wrong so far is slammed an egg in a young man's face. In his whole career, he's done nothing wrong. But he's the kind of guy that you think he's kind of a loop. You can't get to him. There's nothing you can hold conscious think I really like that guy. And even though the villain out the two, which should be Connor, he he's he's the one that's that's done anything wrong. If anybody's telling me wrong, he's actually he's likable, but he's like a kid you recognize like somebody you think I know him. And so it's so back to front because Chris walk downstairs and they're booing him like you know what this is why I don't care what you people think. This is why I'll just get on with my career because you're showing me why why I shouldn't you shouldn't take serious what you guys are saying. [Music] First fighter to this scale, the destroyer, the undefeated Conor band. [Applause] Perfect professional record. 23 fights, 23 victories, 14 wins by knockout from right here in London, the undefeated destroyer Connor Ben. As I was just saying to Johnny for Connor, Ben, he can slightly relax now. We do know he's made the weight. Interesting to see what he looks like on the scales right now. I mean, he looks in very good shape, Matt. Yeah, fantastic shape. 15 lb 4 oz. Yeah. Rib shredded. Great nick. Looks strong as well. We've had a lot of talk in the buildup about essentially Connor Ben making a fair jump in weight to fight Chris Euang Jr. in two two weight classes. He he has fought at a at a higher weight though in the last you know year or so. But we all say, don't we, there's a saying that a good big man beats a good little man. But it's not always the case. No. And in those last two fights up super welterweight trying to bridge the gap between middleweight. He didn't look as dynamic. He didn't look as explosive. So, you know, you could say, well, he's going to take time for him to adjust and he's had that bit longer now and he's filled into the middleweight division more. We'll wait and see. Conor Benjon has also been sparring, you know, much bigger men in the buildup to this one. William Skull, Denzel Bentley, just to name a couple. Uh, yeah, he has. So, he's prepared for for the bigger guys. That's what you do. You want to be able to wrestle your way through with these guys when you're in the gym with them to pay prepare to fight. Uh levels wise, you've got to go for guys that have been bigger, that have been stronger, that will push him back. So put him back. But now this is what got him facing. Chris, you know, he doesn't look fully fully hydrated, but he looks a lot better than he did this morning. So now it's just getting through the next 12 hours, or should I say for sure. The approach has been waiting for on the line. Legacy on the line. Bragging rights. It's Ben versus Eubank Jr. You know what? It's not really fair, is it? It's not really fair because one has now one has now made the weight so he can relax and rehydrate and get himself into tick- tock fighting condition. The other hasn't. So So still the battle still goes on for him. He's still got to, you know, restrict what he's doing, restrict his food intake, restrict his his what he's eating. He's kind of bump some balance, but that's what he's agreed to for this fight to happen. And do you think that will be a factor in the fight for you, Bank? No, I do. Now I do. Yeah, I do. Now, you know, I think what's happened this morning, you know, it tilts the scales as far as I'm concerned. Uh I I lent towards Chris because he's a naturally bigger guy, a more experienced guy. But I think after this morning, this is why I'm saying his dad needs to get in. Your son needs you. Just be there as a father. Show him that support. Show him that that that that mental drive that he needs because mentally that's most of it. How does Chris look to you right at this point, Matt? How does Chris look to you right at this point? He look he looks focused. Um he looks pretty chisel, but you know, they're going to, aren't they? with the weigh in. The eyes look pretty good. I think he looks healthy. Um, like I say, I think with the weight, I think they just got it wrong. I think they misjudged it. I don't think it was that he couldn't make it in terms of the face off which has been doing that all week, isn't he? Sort of leaning down, looking down at Connor. Is is that imposing his size on Connor? Yeah, without do showing him you're a smaller man. I'm showing you no emotion. I won't even invested in you. This is a bit this is a job to me. Whereas Chris, look at his face. He's just stood there emotionless. You're reading nothing from him. I I wonder if what else say he actually in the interview. They say as little as [Music] possible Ben versus Yubank Jr. 12 rounds of Ben looks the happy fighter there. You know, Chris looks sullen. And he doesn't look I know he's annoyed that he missed the way got it wrong.