Kind: captions Language: en Firstly, your reaction to everything that happened regarding Chris's weight this morning. I mean, it's expensive price to pay, isn't it? You know, but he's disciplined, so he should have made the weight. He's made this weight his whole career, you know. I was expecting a little bit of sympathy, but he ain't got no sympathy around here. Yeah, that's all right, man. 156.4 for yourself. What was the thinking behind that and what that weight gives you tomorrow? Uh, 156 is a weight I felt comfortable at. You know, I'm not a 160 fighter. I'm not a 154 fighter. I'm a 1475. So for me, I'm just going to go in there and use my speed, explosiveness, my fer ferocity. It's the way I fight, you know. For me, that's that's not a 160. What did you take from that final face off? I don't really take much from it. I mean, I don't know if I'm supposed to look scared or intimidated or, you know, I'm I'm neither, you know, and I'm just looking forward to Saturday night. We're here now. And, you know, I plan on giving the fans the fight they want. And in terms of the fans, in terms of the fight you think they want, tell the world what happens in the ring, Connor Ben, tomorrow night. Oh, you know, you know what? I'm I'm I'm I'm there to do. Do you know what I mean? I'm there to to get a job done, get in there and get a stoppage. I'm coming in there to take his head clean off. Conor, I wish you the best of luck tomorrow night. Thanks very much for speaking to us. We're going to head over and try and find Chris Eubank Jr. as well if we can. Chris, we'll just bring you to the front of the stage. Chris, I have to ask firstly your version of events agonizingly just outside the 160 limit. What is your version of what happened and how have you processed it all? Listen, it is what it is. If they're going to take half a million off of me for being 0.5 off of the limit, then that's just what it is. That's the people that uh Eddie Hearn and Matt and Matram and Connor Ben are. Um, at the end of the day, weights uh have no relevance to what happens tomorrow night. I'm going to go out there. I'm going to stop this guy. How do you move forward now with caution, of course, ahead of the second day weigh in tomorrow? Yeah, the rehydration clause is still in place. So, I have to watch what I eat. I have to watch what I drink. But again, all these things, you know, they're set up to distract, to um to displace, to try and get me off of track. Uh none of it will work. I asked Connor, what did you take from that final face off there here tonight? Nothing. Nothing. He is um you know, he's in for a hell of a surprise. He thinks he's going to go out there and, you know, hop, skip, and a step and a right hand as he says. Um, he has no idea the pain that is in store for him tomorrow night. You got a great reception as you were walking down there off the stairs. I saw it brought a smile to your face. What is your promise, Chris, to all these fans who want to see you beat Conor Ben tomorrow? What's your promise to them? The procedure will be parliamentary. Chris Bank Jr., thank you very much for speaking to us. I wish you the best of luck. Tomorrow night, I wonder if we can bring in Eddie Hearn and Ben Shalom. Final word from both sides of the promotional team. Ben will bring you in first. I keep saying this. What a stage. Why does your man win tomorrow night? Look, he's a better fighter. He's a world level fighter. He's a fighter that's been here before in the big nights, the big pay-per-views. And ultimately, he will just become down to who can handle the pressure and who's a better boxer. And that's Chris Eubang Jr. every day of the week. and I cannot wait to put this to bed on Saturday night. Thanks. Thank you, Ben. Thank you very much. Let's bring in promote ready. Eddie, same question to you. Really, obviously a little bit of drama today. Wouldn't be boxing without a little bit of drama, but what is your version of events tomorrow for Conor Ben? You know, Chris is a great fighter. The IBO middleweight champion of the world. Couldn't make middleweight this morning, but that's okay. Um, everybody needs a bit of discipline in their life and uh Connor Ben's ready. you know, the the swing and the mojo has just switched so much and he'll continue to swing over the next 24 hours. But for me, no one's asking a question about Connor Ben coming up two weights, taking on a man that's much bigger to him. And you will see him chop down the tree tomorrow night and sit under 65,000 people at Tottenham Hotspur. His father will be there ringing walking with him. This means so much to the family, the legacy, everything. I've never met a young man that wants to win so bad. Everything that he's been through over the last couple of years, God works in mysterious ways. Watch us get justice tomorrow night. Watch him take out Eubank. I thought six rounds. Connor says inside two rounds. We'll split the difference. Ben, inside four rounds. Thank you, Eddie. The talking is over. But all that's left to do is