Kind: captions Language: en Okay, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the final press conference. Nearly nearly time for the sound of that opening bell. Saturday night, Chris Bank Jr. versus Connor Ben. We're going to pose now for the faceoffs. Thank you very much. So, there you go. The press conference complete. That was good. That was good. I enjoyed that. It was spiky a lot of the way through. It was It was humorous in places. Quite deep in other places as well. When Eubank was talking about his late brother and Raheem, the the young son that he left behind, I have to say, very strong start by our ring comrade Rick Reno. He he kind of set a hot pace there, didn't he? Came out of the blocks absolutely knees pumping there, Reno. He really did. And everybody else had to follow him. I was thinking, this is a haggler. This can't go past three rounds. But it was good, Sunny, wasn't it? You know, there was there was plenty in there because with boxing, boxing is a really serious sport. We we know what can happen in there. It's too serious to be too serious all the time. And that was an enjoyable press conference. 100%. And it thinks crazy to me that look, we're talking about Reno. Someone that started a boxing website has now got a job somewhere else and is coming on giving the biggest promoters in the world stick. It blows my mind. And whoever did pay him and encourage him to say that there's probably 10,000 people in boxing that will do a 10,000 times job better than what he was doing. I can't lie. He aggravated me the life out of me. But he stood between the two fighters there as they're posing for the pictures with that ring magazine bell. Conor Ben, as we expected, didn't really engage and I think that was the right thing to do. Eubank had plenty to say. He he did what we expected him to do with Eddie Hearn and shouted him down quite successfully. Frank Smith had a go and manfully persevered and I think they kind of got their message across but they knew that it was coming. [Music] Both of these two just leaning into this and plenty of security surrounding them. Medihern just watching on with a smile on his face. I wonder how long this one's going to go for. I don't think either guy there is going to back down first. Well, it's it's a similar kind of setting actually to Fury in terms of how congested it is up there, how many people are around them. And this will go on really as long as they decide that it will because as we've discussed a few times since that Fury face off once it gets past 30 40 seconds certainly a minute there's not much you can do. Rick's going to try and break this up now but good luck with that because if they don't want to break the gaze then it's going to be very difficult to make them do it and people putting hands up and all the rest of it. It doesn't really work. It's going to take somebody to step in front of them like the security guy is there and just ease them backwards. That's the way to do it. Just ease them backwards so bit by bit they get further and further away and then eventually you're far enough away that that gaze is just naturally lost. I think lessons have been learned there by the security guys from Fury because it's the same company who deals with it. Otherwise, we'll be here all night. Otherwise, we would be here all night. Look at the scour on Ben's face. And you can see, I think right now in these shots, you can see not only has he already taken some weight off, he's still got a bit more to do. Chris, I think he's going to be straight to whatever hot room or treadmill or what, whatever he does to get it off, he needs to get there. He needs to get there quick. Connor looks very good, very strong, and full of energy today. So they're departing the stage now and it it passed off pretty much with without incident, but it was it was what you wanted. It was close to the bone at times. Everybody had their say. Some spoke at more length than others. Jonathan Banks didn't go on too long. Same thing for Tony Sims. Nigel Ben was keen as he was when he spoke to us yesterday to tell everybody about the sparring. And then we had the kind of more comedy turn between Eubank and Matt Troom. But as I said, he he gave some interesting answers there, Eubank, when he was asked about pain and he talked about other things in his life that have caused him pain and that and that's that's how he really signifies the word and that that's kind of true of all of you really, isn't it? None of you are afraid of physical pain. That that that's not something that bothers you at all. But one thing he will be afraid of on Saturday will be the the pain of defeat and the shame and the humiliation that will come with it in these circumstances because that is what they're looking at for the loser. And what a good speaker because when he kind of changed the tone to making everyone laugh and the ad libs in between what other people on the the stage were saying when he sort of broke down pain for a moment. I don't know about anyone else in the room but it kind of hit me in the chest. It was no he's right. everything everything that he's doing this this is sport this is making weight such things have been made on this when compared to what he feels like he's been through in his life none of that means anything pals into insignificance doesn't it no he he was and and you're right I think the tone of the the energy in the room definitely come down a bit didn't it was like everyone was listening to him [Music] so Eubank sticking around to do a few interviews or just one kind of media scrum I think Connor Ben has has made his way out of the building. I think he'll be pleased that this is all over now. He didn't invest any energy in that really. I wouldn't say that he wasted too much energy. He just said what he wanted to say and and left Eubank to it for the most part. But that is a proper stare down. And interesting I think that Eubank is just kind of tilting the head and looking down on him there. I wonder if that's kind of a deliberate thing because he is the taller one of the two and he's just maybe imposing a slight bit of body language there by doing that. But these two are bang up for it, aren't they? There's no there's no better phrase to describe it. They are ready. The in the change rooms on the night, it won't be a case of firing either guy up. It'll be a case of keeping the heads cool, making sure that that they don't get overwhelmed, so don't get too emotional. and the people around them, the the the camps, the teams, the family, everyone's sort of been dragged into how big this fight is and how much it means to the fighters, to the families, to their whole career really. You would think no matter where they go from here, this will probably be a legacy defining fight for both of them. It will probably blow what's to come maybe potentially out of the water cuz who else could they fight in the future that's going to garner as much attention, as much animosity, as much history that goes into the fight? That's absolutely true. So, just a final question for for for the pair of you. These next couple of nights they got ahead of them now. They've got to make weight, of course, and then they've got the rehydration. So, they've essentially got to do it twice. They've got to do it tonight. They've got to do it tomorrow night. We expect that that's more comfortable for Ben than it than it is for you, Bank. These final couple of nights though. What's it like? Because you're zeroing in and the time is at hand now. You can't say, "Well, it's a it's a few days away now. This is the business end." Well, well, tonight for for for Eubank, it'll be a sleepless night. Sleepless night. It'll be it'll be you'll be lying in bed, mouth dry, belly hungry. To be honest, you get past the hunger once you're in that thirsty stage. The hunger's secondary, isn't it? So, you know, he'll be thirsty, he'll be dry, but he'll also know that this is just part of it. He's been through it before. It's not his first time doing it. Um, and then I think once he's made weight, I know you used to, once I made weight, I don't even think about the fire. The party starts, it's like fireworks go straight up. It's like just eating and being a Do you know when you're that close and then you've made weight and you've got to wait for the hours to roll by and you're sat there deeply thinking about all the times you didn't drink a bottle of water in the last three months? It's it's crazy the mindset that making weight puts you in and then soon as you get off the scales, it's kind of like a relief for like a freedom almost. And the night before a fight was probably the best night's sleep I've had in 3 or 4 months. The night before the fight, but the night of the before the weigh in, that's usually the worst one you've had in in 3 4 months because the closer and dryer you are, you'll think you've fallen asleep and you'll think you've been asleep for hours. you you blink up and it's been 40 minutes and you've still got 10 hours on weight waiting for the morning to come round and it can be held depending on how tight it is and you know I think what we know about Chris Eubank his size this is probably going to be a very rough yeah and all any demons you've got or any fears or thoughts negative thoughts that you've got you're lying in bed you can't really sleep you're thirsty you're hungry all that and you're you're going over the fight in your mind like I say the night before the fight you've weighed in you're feeding up sleep like a That's so interesting to hear. It really is. Well, that that's that's that's from two former fighters there telling you exactly what these two are looking at for the next couple of days as they just count down the minutes until they'll be ringing walking outside out the back of this room in Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. We've been seeing the transformation on the pitch during the course of the afternoon. They're getting everything ready here. It is going to be an absolutely incredible scene. It's been an absolute pleasure to be with you all week. will be back one more time tomorrow for the weigh-in in a different part of central London. Same time though, 6:00 p.m. British summertime. Make sure you join us for