Kind: captions Language: en 100 grand is an expensive egg. So, are you appealing that fine for the border control? We are dealing with the situation. Um £100,000 for throwing an egg seems a little bit strong. Um, especially looking at what others have been fined for what what would seem to be much more serious incidents over the over the years. I don't think anyone's got anywhere close to 100k fine. You know, tables being thrown, people getting punched in the face, slapped in the face. So 100k for an egg, it's it's steep. And uh, yeah, we will we will deal with the situation. And there's no going back now. Um, every day is a graft. Every day is a grind. Every day is a challenge. Uh, to push yourself, to rest properly, to refuel, to rehydrate. Everything is um, you know, it's scheduled, it's strict, it's regimented. um that's what you have to do uh to prepare to go to war. You know, the weight cut, the real weight cut doesn't really come until the week of the fight for most fighters. Um it's tough. It is tough. I'm not going to lie. It's not it's not a fun it's not a nice part of the sport having to boil yourself down to a certain weight. Um adding in the fact that I can now not rehydrate fully. I can't eat and drink as much as I want after after the weigh-in. Adds another element of uh discomfort and hardship to what I'm going through. But um this is what we sign up for. This is what we do as professional athletes, as elite level fighters. you have to go through these uh these trials, these tribulations. Um, and I've been doing it my entire career. So, I have no doubt that the weight will be made. I'm not focused on the amount of people that will be there. I'm not focused on the uh the scale of this event. I'm not focused on the hype around this fight. Um, all of that is really irrelevant. What's important is the fight. What happens when that bell goes, whether there's 70,000 people there or seven people, my mindset, my game plan, my strategy, it's going to be exactly the same. So, no, I have no expectation or hope that I am going to get cheered into uh into Tottenham Stadium. Um, as I said before, this is the first mega fight in boxing history where you have two bad guys. You have the potential for both fighters in a super fight being booed into the ring. It's never happened before and it's probably going to happen uh on April 26th. This will be the first time he's in there with um with a with a genuinely dangerous man. How's he going to deal with