Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, we've got a fight on our hands now. Christy Bank Jr. has just weighed in and he has made the weight. I can confirm that he made 169.4 pounds. He had to come in under 170 as per his rehydration clause. He's done it and I'm told just now in a message that he's done it in a Louis Vuitton jacket. So, that is a statement from him that he has got room to spare. If we rewind to yesterday, uh, £160 was the middleweight limit that he and Connor Ben had to weigh in at. He was half an ounce over the finest of margins, as you said there, of fine of around £375,000. Now, there's a rehydration clause in this contract. It meant he had £10 to play with building up to the fight, and if he didn't make that, he would have been fined again. So, it could have proved pretty expensive for him, but he's done it. £169.4 lb and he's done it in a jacket. Uh so we wait for more reaction on that, but I'm told he's relaxing at his hotel and preparing for tonight. Now final preparations underway at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and we can head now to Michael Bridge who can show us what's happening. Yes, thanks Ellena. We have a fight. Welcome to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and in just a few hours time. Chris Eubank Jr., Connor Ben, and all the undercard fighters will be coming out here. All the lights will be out here. It's going to be a fantastic atmosphere. And look at this stadium. Look at this single tiered stand. And we have a sellout tonight. And of course, you can order on Sky Sports box office, but not a spare seat in the house. And the entrances for both fighters is are going to be absolutely phenomenal. Now, Chris Eubank Senior used to come out to Tina Turner, Simply the Best. That is one of my favorite songs. I absolutely love that song. Usually Chris Eubank Jr. comes out to Steel Dre. That's great song as well. I mean, the atmosphere tonight. Look at that behind you. You can see the ring, an 18 ft ring. Remember, we talk about the weights dominating the news agenda, but that was part of the news agenda in the in the midweek. Connor Ben wanting an 18t ring. But as you can see, the entrances, what's that down there? Lights. Is it might be some fireworks. Connor. Connor, that's lights, isn't it? They're lights. Yeah. All right. Cheers, mate. Lovely. Yeah. So, we have a fight. We will have an incredible atmosphere tonight. Chris Shubank Jr., Connor Ben at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.