Kind: captions Language: en Good evening everyone. Um, thanks for waiting. Um, I think it's fair to say we witnessed one of the greatest fights in British boxing history tonight. Um, both men just showed the most incredible heart, desire. Um, but the man to my right for me, I've just witnessed one of the great performance from a British fighter, 147b fighter, whether you like it or not, moved up and just never stopped trying to win the fight. Um, I thought the fight could have gone either way. I know a lot of people thought he won, Eubank won, whatever. Um, but I want to talk about the performance, the heart, the mentality, and the never say die spirit from Connor Ben tonight because I can't believe what I witnessed. There's going to go to the well and just never ever giving in, but never stop trying to win the fight. Not trying to survive, trying to win the fight. And obviously, there's a lot of people in this room. We know what he's been through. You know, opinions are opinions and and for me tonight, Connor Ben become the people's champion because this kid is a great kid and he's always been a great kid. But tonight, he showed you it in the flesh 14 months out of the ring. Never experienced that kind of occasion before. 65,000 people and he stood in the ring and he had it. He took the kitchen sink off Eubank and he kept on trying to win the fight. So, I just want to say before I pass over to him how proud I am of you, Connor. I think that was an amazing performance. You should be very proud of yourself. I know how devastated you are, but honestly, that was just unbelievable to watch and thank you for giving us that tonight. Thank you very much. We have obviously Nigel Ben up here, Rick Reno from the Ring Magazine, Tony Sims a trainer. We're going to open it to the floor for questions. Dan Barard has the microphone. Please just raise your hand and he'll find you. Thank you. Commiserations on the fight, but I mean I think a lot of people agree in here. Probably your best performance against your hardest caliber opponent. I mean just talk me through talk me through your opinion of the fight tonight. Yeah. I mean it's a hard one to swallow, man. It's a hard one to swallow. I mean, obviously, I didn't come into the fight thinking it would be that close. I didn't come into the fight to lose. I didn't come in the fight for anything apart from winning. Um, and obviously it weren't good enough. So, I need to do better. Ring rats boxing highs felico Connor. You couldn't have given any more in there tonight. It was clear you left everything out there. How did you feel when you heard the final bell and what was it like being so close to your nemesis? I mean, I didn't think I lost the fight. I mean, I I can't really say. I don't want to be delusional and say, "Yeah, I think I won the fight or I think I lost the fight." I think I think it was a close fight and and that's it. Um I could have done better, you know, 14 months out of the ring maybe played a factor um in in the fight. Uh but, you know, I just want to say what a what an amazing turnout. Um you know, really did feel like my homecoming. Um, and it's a blessing to be fighting back on British soil. Is there a high level of respect between you and Junior now? Uh, I mean, I wish him I wish him well, you know. Um, I know he's gone to the hospital. Um, I bet he's got a broken jaw. Um, so I wish him a speedy recovery. I also want to thank Senior for for turning up. Um because this really is a family affair and it wouldn't have it wouldn't have been what it was without senior there. Connor, commiserations about the result, but well done for being part of such an incredible fight when the final bell went and then you heard the the results and the scorecards. Did you agree with them or did you think it was a closer fight than what they indicated? I mean, I couldn't really hear to be honest. All I heard was it was unanimous and now that that threw me off. Um but then I've heard I had me going into the 11th round a point up. So I mean it's a hard one because I I felt like it could have been close. Felt like it could have been a draw. Felt like it could have gone my way, his way. I I can't really say. Um all I know is I gave gave everything I had in there tonight. Um, and as I said, it weren't enough. So, I need to do better. Con, just want to say, and I'm probably not the only one who thinks this, thank you for giving us one of the most magical nights of boxing. Thank you to the Eubanks. Thank you Eddie. Thank you everyone. Thank you Nigel. Thank you Ring Magazine. cuz that was a moment I felt tearful cuz I thought in years to come I'm going to get to say I was there and that was something that you did that everybody up there did and that the Eubanks did. So I think you need to really hold that in your heart that you just made history tonight. Also I think you should be less hard on yourself for the performance you gave with everything that you've carried into this for how long it's taken the weight that it's been sitting on your shoulders. You've done amazing. My question, I just needed to say that because I think you're amazing. I really appreciate that. I really do. Um, but my question is, what can you take away from the fight that you're proud of? What am I proud of? It's hard because I'm a winner. And tonight, I wasn't. So, it's I don't take anything away from that. Yeah, I believe in a a sport like this, you always have to be your harshest critic. You always have to look in the mirror and go, "What could I have done better? How can I improve?" not what I done well cuz it weren't good enough, you know. So, as much as people may say, "Oh, you done well. You, you know, well done. You gave us a great fight and I'm happy I could give you guys that." But the outcome isn't the outcome that I prepared for. Um, you know, no excuses. Whether it's 14 months out of the ring, whether it's, you know, the 160, whatever it is, I came in there tonight thinking I'd win 100% and I thought I'd got it done early doors. So yeah, I need to look back, sit down with my trainer, my team, re-evaluate and and see what went wrong. Just go easy on yourself. Okay, I tried to. Connor, um congratulations even though you lost. It was a great fight. I think you've gained a lot of uh supporters even though um the result and you really dug in. Um the fathers did it twice. Is that something now you want to go get back? I believe. Yeah, I want the revenge, man. I want my revenge. I think inactivity played a big part. It's quite hard because obviously the past 2 and 1/2 years, what had gone on, not fighting back here, and then coming home to this, uh, it was um, it took me back. It did take me back in a good way and in a bad way. And I'm sitting there going, "Oh my gosh, this is unbelievable." And then in the same breath, it's just a lot of new first times for me today. Uh first stadium fight, first time fight back here in three three years. First fight at 160. Um you know, I had Eubank hurt multiple times, three four times in there noticeably just couldn't get the finish, you know. So, I'll make sure for next time that that finishes there. N question for Nigel. Sorry, down here. Yeah, Eddie touched on it. Connor has just spoke about it. What has gone on in the past two and a half years and what you all have have been through as a father to see Connor sell out Tottenham Stadium and fight like that? How did you feel tonight? I felt good. You know, when I take my hat off to Chris, he performed well. you know, that's what it's about. And to me, you know, I don't think Connor performed to his best of his ability. Um, was winging a lot of the shots and I'm not knocking me son cuz I love me son. I'm always I've always got his back. But, you know, we all have defeats and he'll come back from this. And I'm glad that he's like, you know, he's lost and um lost the fight. Now he can go back to the drawing board and know where he went wrong. Take his time and he'll come back because I know he's got he's got a heart to to be a winner. And that's all he that's all he wants to do. And you know, you know, to be at the ring for 14 months and in fact well I'm really actually I was actually really impressed with with Chris Huben Jr. He done really well. He stood his ground. He done 12 12 hard rounds. But you know Connor will come back. He'll be a better fighter. You know, we've got a lot to go back. Well, not a lot to go back, just to be able to take his time. First time at 160. Yeah, I think he done really well. So, I'm proud of him, mate. We lose our draw. I'm proud of my son. Just that we could we thought we was going to even the score, but you know, he go back and try again just like I did. Thank you. Thank you. Uh Jordan Jarrett Bryant, Channel 4 News. Um Connor, I was fortunate enough to spend a couple of days with you, your family, and your team um in preparation for this fight and saw firsthand the work and the effort and commitment you put in to preparing for this fight. Knowing all of that and what you did put in into preparing for this, how much does it hurt and how does it feel to to have not got the result that I know you've worked so hard to? And if I can as a followup, Nigel, as a dad, what the next couple of days do you say to Connor now to just get him through, keep his head up, and keep his spirits high? I mean, you go first, Ben. Yeah. I mean, it's hurt me. It hurts, of course. No one likes to lose. Um, close fight, not a close fight, you know. Um, you got to be harsh on yourself, you know. you know, and I look at myself and go, "This ain't this ain't good enough for me, you know, winning the heart of the public or entertaining the public is I want to win, man. I don't I don't work hard to lose, you know. I I give everything I have, everything. I made sacrifices that were so hard to make, you know, but I just need to do better." Kevin Garcia with FHype. My question is for Eddie Hearn. Eddie, I've I've covered a lot of your fights. You've always been supportive of your fighters, but can you talk about the emotional impact this seems to be having on you and what why this fight seems to, you know, affect you a little bit more than normal? Oh, you know, I'm like I'm crazy for it all, but you know, we've been through a lot with Connor. Um, I wanted to win just as much as Connor and Tony and and Nigel, and you know, we're a team. But I think that for me, when the final bell went, everyone was looking around. And my dad was over there. We've got it. We've got it. Frank Warren was sitting next to me, maybe a little bit biased as well. You've won it. You've won it. And I thought, it's just the last two rounds. I I thought it's going to go either way. But um I was kind of like when I heard the scorecards, I couldn't even be bothered to moan because I was just so proud of him. And it wasn't that I kn I didn't think he could win, but I didn't think he could do that. I didn't think he could stand and trade an exchange with a middleweight over 12 rounds and still just fire back, fire back, fire back, fire back. I mean, when you're reading social media and you're reading the response of Connor Ben, I like and the thing that that that chokes me up is the switch, the change. Because when you know Connor Ben, you will always back him a million% for everything he's been through because he's got a very clean heart and he's a a good young man. So, when I see him get the criticism, it kind of gives me the hump because I know he gives it 110% every day of the week. So to see the response and I know the British public and I know what's about to happen in defeat even this kid's become a superstar tonight. A superstar across the Atlantic. And you know, I have to say as well, we got to think about what we're going to do next because he showed tonight he's a world-class fighter and he can win world titles at 147 and 154 and as he said, he didn't fight for money tonight. He made a lot of money, but and we know, you know, we've got a rematch up at 160 and but this kid has an unbelievable future in the sport. He could be a a superstar of the sport in this country. He could be filling arenas, filling stadiums. And it's not just about throwing him straight back into a war, trying to avenge a defeat in a weight class that he probably shouldn't be in. I think he can win the rematch. And I think it's the biggest fight in Britain, one of the biggest in the world. But we got to think carefully what we do because he's been through an unbelievable amount. Unbelievable amount. And and again, what I'm so proud of is how he absorbed the occasion tonight. Eddie, you kind of just answered it a little bit, but Connor has alluded to wanting the rematch, but if you had to pick an option right now, would you like him to take the rematch or fight at a natural weight for I would like to see him return to 147 pounds and fight for a world title there. I mean, look, we have boots there. Obviously, he's looking to unify and and become undisputed and move up. The the belts are going to become available. I just know that Connor Ben can sell out any arena in the UK now fighting at £147. But the public, his excellency, everybody's going to want, you know, you heard his excellency in the ring. He's already I think he's booked the date here for September. That's right. Yeah. So, look, we we'll we'll sit there. It's very early days, but um yeah, I I I that took my breath away tonight. Took my breath away. I can't even like I said I posted I'm not even going to moan about the scorecards because for me this kid won tonight in many many ways and if it wasn't the result it was just he won in life and everything that he went through he just absorbed it come through the other side and he's someone that people should look up to and understand that no matter what you're going through you're going to come out the other side and he did that tonight and we're very proud of him radio Raheem down in front Thank you first of all uh Connor for an incredible effort. That was an entertaining night of boxing. The way that you lost the fight isn't the way that I heard anybody predict it. And the fact that you were able to take his punches, as you said, you hurt him a few times. He's on his way to the hospital apparently with a broken jaw. So all of the things that people were saying you couldn't do, you did. What do you think was the margin that actually was difficult for you? Or maybe swayed it the other way? I don't think people put enough credit um on the boxing ability um you know, for me, you know, doing 10 rounds, doing 12 rounds, I'm I'm well conditioned. Um you know, and I can box. I haven't always got to knock out my opponents. Well, evidently I have, but I mean I can do 12 rounds, you know. Um, in a weight class, there's two weight classes above my weight. Um, you know, the the difference in it today I I believe was just inactivity. There was a lot of emotions going on. Uh for me it's a lot to take in after the past two and a half years and I wondered how much it had taken away from me. Um and I'm glad to see that it's not taken anything away from me at all. Uh proven I can take punches at 160. Um I mean you don't always want to test that. Um and my goal is to not test that but also I can dish it out at 160 and and comfortably hurt my opponent. um you know Eubank multiple rounds um you know and having him on shaky legs I just couldn't get a finish which I put down to ring rust I couldn't just couldn't pull the trigger and get him out of there as a fighter you're obviously going to want revenge as you said you feel you can win the next fight however at this weight with the kind of damage that you'll have to take well above your weight class would it be wiser would you consider just fighting at your weight and chasing a championship. As Eddie said, you are a star tonight. I haven't heard anybody criticize you. Some people think it was even a draw. So, could this be enough and you just go back to your class and and pursue for a championship? Do you know what's hard is it was so close. Well, so people are telling me I felt like it was close. That's what's hard is it was so close and I just didn't get the nod. That's what's painful. Not as much, not as painful as Chris missing weight by 0. Zero five, but it was painful. Um, and it was just if it was as close as people were saying it is, that's was that's was painful, you know, cuz I weren't outclassed, you know, I weren't hurt in there. I just couldn't get the finish. I just couldn't pull the trigger and keep it moving. Um, you know, I'm known for having my opponent hurt and getting finished. So, it's one of them things where it's like, do I avenge the loss? Do I drop back down to 147 and win a WBC world title? If Barios is watching, you know, I'd love that, but I feel like this one's it's just it's frustrating cuz I feel like I just want to settle this. And last one for me. Before the fight and after the fight, it seems senior made a point to come over to you and to Nigel and speak to you. What did he say? That's a question for you and Nigel. I looked at Chris Senior and I said to him, grabbed him by the neck and I said, "Mate, I'm so happy you're here. I'm so happy you turn up, you know, because outside of everything else, outside of all the noise and the promotion and the the fight. Your relationship with your dad never goes. That's always there. That's long-standing. That's without boxing. You know what's boxing? You know, what is it? You know, cuz I'd pick the relationship with my dad over boxing any day of the week, you know. So to see them to if this has brought them together that's worth its weight in gold. That's right. That's worth it weight in gold. Yeah. Well just like you know sitting down talking to me saying like my boy's on top you know you know here we go. But um it like to me really it was just good having him there, seeing him there like it was a family affair, you know, we lost. But um yeah, I ain't really, you know, I didn't really speak to him much, but it was just like, you know, praising my son. I accepted that and that was about it really. It weren't no deep conversation. Thank you both for an incredible fight and an instant classic. Thank you very much. Um Eddie, you obviously uh mentioned the potential rematch with uh Chris Eubank. Um I was just wondering, obviously a lot was made of the rehydration clause prior to the fight. Do you think there'd be any discussions about potentially removing that for the rematch if it were to happen? Yeah, I think maybe Junior should come down a little bit lower rather than Connor Ben coming up two weight classes. You know, I was baffled. I mean, we knew we knew Chris Eubank's weight all week. Right. I knew he had the check weight. I knew it the day after. We knew what he woke up this morning and he was absolutely spot on this morning and he felt he was fine. Yesterday he was tight at the weight of He's always tight the weight. He's made it the last five times. He messed up. He got there an hour late. He could have made it comfortably, but they just balled up. Now that's it. No one ever said, "Apart from his dad, do you think it's dangerous for for Connor Ben to be moving up two divisions and fighting someone the size of of Eubank?" And I think honestly the contract and and you guys have got to remember as well, this contract was not a contract that was negotiated between Matram and Chris Eubank Jr. This was a contract that was negotiated by the rank ring magazine and seller and Chris Eubank individually and we negotiated our contract individually. Ben Shalon, Chris Eubank, Maz, whatever his name is, he they accepted those terms, right? And and that's the art of a contract and the art is the plan is to abide by those terms. So for me, the terms were spot on. As you saw tonight, you saw a very evenly matched fight where a big 160 pounder made or nearly made his championship weight. He rehydrated. Okay. Connor weighed in at 165 lbs I think in the ring. Eubank was probably 176 177. He probably had 10 or 11 on him and he stood up to it and I think we got it absolutely right. I think they served you up one of the greatest fights we've ever seen in this country. Um, but for me the danger was not for Chris Eubank Jr. The danger was for Connor Ben. And that's why we got to think very carefully about the rematch because I don't want to see him in too many fights like that. You know, it's all very well us sitting there and go, "Wow, what a fight. Let's do it again." They're the kind of fights that will shorten your career. And he's got such a long career ahead of him. So, you know, the the terms are already agreed for the rematch with with, you know, to move forward and it's the same as the first contract in that respect. So, I think we got it spot on with the numbers. Nigel, one for you. I know you didn't get the decision in your first fight with Senior, but in the second fight, I think many people on that stage over there believe you won. How much inspiration do you feel like you could give to Connor ahead of a rematch that you didn't necessarily get the decision in the first fight, but you can come back bigger, better, and stronger? I think Connor will I think um it's in his jeans. He knows what he he has to do and like he knew what he done wrong, you know, um laying on the ropes too much. Um, and wing him winging him in way done in training. He didn't actually do, but I'm not going to knock him for that. You know, here go home and watch the fight and see where he went wrong and then we'll just come back. Did you say you're not going to knock me for that? While you're knocking me. Well, you know, you gave it to me, mate. You said you said dad couldn't do the business, so I'll have to come and do it. Fair. Right. But, you know, it's good that we we can laugh and joke about it, but we know what we do. We go back and we we work hard again. We do everything right and, you know, do what we done wrong. We we we're put right. And I'm looking forward to getting back in the gym with my son and starting the whole 12week camp again. You know, just brush yourself down and then start again. So, I'm looking forward to it. He'll learn from this. He won't make the same mistakes. Right guys, we're going to get kicked out. They they turned the sound off us in the on the ring as well. So, we're going to be kicked out of the stadium soon. So, one more question if anyone's got it. If not, we'll we'll wrap. Any further questions? You got to speak louder than that, mate. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, I can hear you, mate. you have any? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, listen, he still ain't my cup of tea, do you know what I mean? I won't go and sit down and have a chat with him. Um, but of course there is. Uh, yeah. I mean, I mean, yeah, I guess so. Come on, answer the question. I mean, like there's respect. Obviously, we gone four rounds together, but he's Chris and he like he's dad. So, as much I like him as much as I possibly can. Cheers. Given the situation. Yeah. Ladies and [Applause] gentl. Thank you. Your performance come back.