Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Connor Ben and this is Boxing Unpacked. What's the last thing you do before heading out for your ring walk? I have like my own routine which I like to be on my own for a little period. I pray um I shower um I pray in the shower um and I just thank God that I'm ready to go into battle and uh the hard work's been done. Um, I play a little bit of Tupac. All lies on me. Um, and then I walk straight over to the arena or stadium. That's just something I do all the time. And I sort of just built up this method uh to to get into the fight. Who can you hear during the fight? I can hear my dad. I can hear my sister. I can hear my wife. Um, I can hear almost everybody except my coach. Um, I hear my coach in the the minute after that we have the breathers obviously, but I hear um I normally hear my dad shouting. When you're in the fight, it's hard to really focus. I mean, you got to be really screaming for me to uh to hear it, but um yeah, nine times out of 10, you're just completely ding. Do you design your own finite attire? I often go with the skirt. Um, so I'm able to drop my levels and drop down per panel style and um, yeah, just something I've always always had. Well, probably the last four years. Um, I've wor skirts just enable me to to get down lower in terms of my defense and offense. How much difference would one cheat meal make in a fire week? It wouldn't really make much difference if I had one cheat meal. Not that I do. Throughout the camp, I have a good chef who prepares all my food for me. We just work with each other. It isn't supposed to be like bodybuilding food or bodybuilding diet. You we try and make it fun. So, I'm not craving any kinds of foods uh that I shouldn't be eating. How much do you spend watching that footage of your opponent? Funny enough, I don't really watch my opponents. I reckon for my last fight, um I probably watched maybe four rounds total combined. Uh what my trainer does, he breaks it up and breaks it down for me. Um and shows me what I need to work on, what I need to capitalize on, uh the mistakes he makes. Do you speak to your opponent during the fight? Not really. It's not really my style, uh to be honest. I mean, if I'm spoken to, I speak back, but I'm not really a uh sort of guy. I let him off his do the talking. I let play around. If you're in there able to talk, I don't feel like you're uh your head's fully focused. Do you ever change strategy mid round? Depends. I mean, sometimes I've gone into a fight and the strategy's gone out the window. So, it just depends on if what my opponent brings, how my opponent adapts and changes. If you brought something completely different to what we've worked on, I think the elites are able to adapt midfight if necessary. Describe an average day in training camp. up early hours, 3, four in the morning, do my cardio, uh, go back home, um, have some food, sleep, wake back up, go to the gym, go back home, go to sleep, have a little nap, then maybe go for a walk, chill with the team, um, and then go to bed. That's same thing almost every day. That's sort of a day in life really. What's the best stadium atmosphere that you've fought in and why? Uh, no doubt I'd have to say Tottenham Stadium for me is my favorite stadium. Um, it's my favorite venue. Um, I've boxed that in the world. It's my favorite venue to attend fights in um, and watch. Something special about the stadium. Does the energy of the crowd have any effect on how you perform in the ring? Yeah, I mean, yes and no. I mean, I've had great performances when we was in lockdown and I think once you're in a fight, there could be Mickey Mouse or Donald like ringside and you're you won't even notice. Sometimes you could be so dialed in that it doesn't matter where you are, you're just in your element. What do you do the night before the fight? At night before the fight, I go to bed as late as possible around 1 2 a.m. I sleep in, relax with the team, chill. Um, we don't even talk about the fight really. We're um, we're just all geared up, ready to go, and um, get the job done the following day. What goes through your head before the bell rings? I am in attack mode, ready to just get the job done. It's probably the most frustrating part. Um, I just can't wait for the bell to go and um, get in there and do some damage. How long does it take to recover from a fire? Not really long. I mean, I was back in the gym Monday um, after the fire, which was obviously on a Saturday. I had Sunday off, complete rest. Um, and was back in the gym on a Monday. What's the first thing you eat after a fight? The first thing I eat after a fire, almost every fight is a good old Ruby Murray. Um, yeah, I love a good Indian. That's probably my go-to. How do you switch off from boxing? To be honest, we don't watch boxing at home really. I wouldn't say I tune in to watch fights unless I know it's going to be an exciting fight. I'm not interested in playing it safe. I'm not interested in points wins. I'm not interested in, you know, fights going the distance or I like fighters who take chances, take risks. Um, you know, I want to entertain, have knockout power. So, when them fights are on, you know, I tune in. But apart from that, we don't really speak about boxing, watch boxing um in the house really unless it's about my career and my fight coming up.