Kind: captions Language: en The destroyer has come over for a quick chat. Good to see you. Thanks very much. We won't keep you too long. So, Connor, we were watching some footage earlier on. I've watched plenty of the behind thescenes stuff uh of training. It seems to have gone very well. And you seem to have been happy to let the cameras in as well. Yeah, I mean, listen, I prepare hard. There's there ain't no tactics or antics I got hired. I'm going to come in there and give it to him. Um, that's it really. I mean, you know what you you all know what you're getting. I work hard, man. At this stage of the week, you're going to have to get used to answering the same questions quite a lot over the next few days. But but one I'm interested in is it's been a long time since you boxed in the UK and a lot's happened since you last boxed in the UK. How much are you looking forward to a British crowd again? And is that something you've been thinking about? You know, it really does feel like the homecoming for me. Um, you know, it's one of them fights that never seemed to go away. I couldn't not give the British public this fight, you know, and that's strongly how I felt about it. And it was a fight that just had to happen. It was just lingering around and you know, once I put this to bed, then, you know, I drop back down to 147 and do what I got to do. I'm only up here for these for these two fights and then I'm dropping back down. So, how has that process been there? Eubank was was keen to make the point on the stage that you've been up nearer in weight to 160 recently than than we've been talking about, but people do think of you as a career welterweight. Obviously, a lot of science has gone into you putting that that weight on correctly, but it's a different experience. Yeah, my last few fights have been at 153. Um, my last couple, sorry. Um, one, yeah, one in each year. So, I fought once a year at 1553. So, I am a welterweight. What were you on the night of the fight at those fights? I ain't got a clue. No, I wouldn't even know. Heavy. Yeah. Yeah. I put on B. I am a 147. All my my best performances has come 147. I feel strong at 147, but I feel strong enough for uh 160 to do a number on this man and then drop back down. I want that I want a WBC world title. And And how's how much of a resource has your dad been during camp? because he's there all of the time and those are long days, they're long nights. Um, fighters don't ever want to admit to any kind of fears or doubts, but you're spending a lot of time in your own head obsessing about one man and he's been down that road. So, what kinds of conversations have you listen fear losing all the time? That's what gets me up at bed at 5 in the morning. I fear losing. It's uh it's the way I work. Some people go, "Oh, they love to win." That's why I train hard. I fear losing. especially to this man, you know. So, for me, it's just a matter of, yeah, of course, you have you have your doubts, you have your fears, you have your worries, you have your but ultimately I've had that throughout my whole career. It's natural part of the process. Am I extremely confident? I'm very confident. Confident as ever, you know, because I put the work in. Okay, thanks very much. We'll let you go. Thanks for thanks for stopping