Kind: captions Language: en Well, I'm delighted to say that joining us firstly, fresh off his win from the weekend, is Connor Ben with a huge announcement of his own. Connor, I'll give you the floor. I mean, it's broken already because you've done an appearance with Steven A. Smith. Tell us about your huge news. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no blessing. Uh the huge news is I've signed a long-term deal with Boxing. I'm very excited to uh to got it still done. Um you know, it was a one fight deal for the Regis Prograde fight. Um I said that they were in the driver's seat um afterwards the way they looked after me, my team um and share the same vision um and I'm excited for the future. &gt;&gt; I heard the details on another channel. So can we just confirm? So that's a two and a half year deal, five fight deal. So it's substantial, &gt;&gt; correct? &gt;&gt; May I just ask what does a deal of this magnitude mean for you at this stage of your career? Uh &gt;&gt; it means more eyeballs. It means you know me in the prime of my career. I'm 29 years old. um you know just exciting fights, mega fights, you know the all the big names are here in America as well. So for me it's just a matter of coming over here and and giving the public the fights that they want. That's the main thing for me in my career is giving people memorable nights. Um you know night nights where people look back and go, "Wow, that was special." Um and that's what I'm here for. &gt;&gt; That's interesting that you say, you know, it will build your profile state side as well. Do you expect that your career will be uh split between the UK and state side or is this is this conversation with Dana White look we want to try and conquer America now? &gt;&gt; Listen we No, of course. Listen, I want to still continue to do stadiums back home. I want to give people that people value for my want to give people entertainment however that looks wherever that is. Um you know if the Brits want a day away in uh Vegas I'll give it to them. If the Brits want it home in a stadium we'll give it to them you know. So ultimately just want to make sure that the public gets the fight get the fights that they want, you know, and I've proven that I'm willing to to do that in jumping up twoeight divisions to fight Eubank um who was more experienced um you know heavier but ultimately I'm willing to to fight anybody even now you know not short of options. So you know whatever fights that we can make happen um we'll make them happen. &gt;&gt; Who is priority number one for you? I mean, you made no secret of WBC title ambitions and Ryan Garcia. Would you say that that is the priority number one at the moment? &gt;&gt; Of course, it's the priority. Uh getting that Garcia fight done, but listen, I'm not short of options. Um you know, there's a lot of lot of fighters calling me out, big names calling me out. Um so, you know, God willing, we get the Garcia fight done for the WBC world title. You know, mandatory number in the number one position for that belt and I worked extremely hard to get to that position. Um, but again, if Ryan don't want it, then you know, there's there's plenty of fish out there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're not short of options, and I'm going to put some names to you shortly, but Boxing Cena reporting that Ryan Garcia and Connor Ben are far along in negotiations for a late summer WBC title fight, potentially August. Is that your understanding as well? &gt;&gt; That was news to me um personally. Um, I know that that's the fight Do you know what's funny is after the weekend, you now have all the fighters calling me out, begging for the fight, which just goes to show their character because they didn't no one was calling me out after the second Eubank fight. Everyone went radio silent, you know, but they see me down at 150 and see me go points with Regis. They they want to start piping up and calling me out. So, you know, maybe it was a blessing that I went 10 rounds and went the distance with Regis. um you know but I think a lot a lot of people are missing it's my first fight back at 150 in 4 years you know not only that um it was 6 weeks notice you know I stayed ready stayed in the gym stayed disciplined um you know not many fighters who say oh listen I'll fight two time for world champion there's a run out um win almost every round and and um drop back down to 150 149 I weighed you know so for me it's just a matter of being disciplined uh staying in the gym and I'd be ready to go in six, seven weeks. So, listen, if Ryan wants it next, he can have it next, he can have it whenever. He can have it tomorrow if he wants it. Um, but that is news to me. &gt;&gt; I can quiz Dana on it afterwards. Interesting what you say about people, you know, finding their voice all of a sudden. So, Ryan Garcia's quotes after your fight were, "Mark my words, his corner as in your corner or the ref stops my fight with Connor in the sixth or seventh round." I mean, I know you're trying to stay off social media, but those sort of comments, um, I'm sure they've made their way to you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, no, they haven't. Um, I'm not I don't Again, it's noise. Um, ultimately, you know, when he come back off of his loss to when he come back, he fought Rolley. Yeah. And, you know, got dropped, got beat, you know, um, quite convincingly in my opinion. You know, Luke Campbell put him down years ago. um you know he quit against uh Jana Davis you know so it's I've beat every I've beat everybody I've faced I took on Regress Progra two time former world champion who's only beat been beaten by the elites on six weeks notice bearing in mind I've not competed at that weight for four years you know that's discipline you know that's that's um that goes to show that when opportunities like this present themselves I'm ready I'm I'm in shape you know that's the between me and Ryan and he'll find that out come fight night, you know. I ain't I ain't f that was my first run out at 150 again four years, you know. So, um I'm excited to to get back to to 147 in them 8 oz gloves, but he can talk what he wants. He can say what he wants. It'll be him who pays the price. &gt;&gt; My question would have been about the weight. You your team released that great clip uh when you step on it's 149 and you turn to the camera. Obviously great that you you made the 150 limit, but you said we should have just done well to wait. Those extra two pounds that you would have needed to take off, you convinced you would have taken them off and um it wouldn't affected your performance that 147 is the future for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen, it's not easy having to make the weight. Um yeah, it's not easy having to to make 149, not 147, but ultimately I'm disciplined. You ain't going to see me posting no videos or pictures of me crying, sweating in a uh in a sweatuit or sauna, you know, begging for my life, you know. I ain't gonna I ain't going to be that guy. But it's not easy. Um I reckon I've got maybe a year left at welterweight. Uh so I am so focused on getting a WBC world title that that is the plan. You know, it was um it was challenging getting down in weight, but it's part of the game. Um, you know, I believe I I'll beat Ryan quite convincingly to be honest. Um, you you got you got to remember, as I said, I had fall down at that weight in four years. Uh, took on a Southport, tricky Southport, twotime former world champion who's only been beaten by the elites. Um, and lost a round, you know? So, it's what more do people want from me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. First it was you can't box. Then it was you, you know, you rely on your power. Now, I'm out of boxing people. It's uh people want people still want to have something to say. We all going to have something to say regardless, you know, but I'll um I'll beat everybody I face. &gt;&gt; Some of the names that are flying around out there, if it if it wasn't to be Ryan Garcia, you mentioned those other options. Tfimo Lopez was there. I know you shared a moment where he made no secret that he he would fight you. Shakur Stevenson, another Ry Romero. Would you say that we've we've probably found your next opponent, Ryan Garcia, Tfim Mo Lopez, Shakur or Ry? Uh, I mean, Shakur's boring. Do you know what? Yeah. People like Shakur can say what they want. They'll never be in fight of the year contenders and they'll never be in exciting fights. Do you know what I mean? So, as much as he is a phenomenal talent, I would tune in. I'd rather tune in to watch Jake Paul fight than watch Shakur fight. Um, any day of the week. Um, Roelly can get it. I like Roelly, but he can get it next. Tio, I like Tio. He's my guy. Um, but you know, for me, Ryan is the the guy that we want. But if Ryan, for some reason, doesn't happen, then, you know, there's there are plenty of names uh that we can um get into. What do the public want? Cuz I want to give the public what they want. I want to give them the fights that they want to see. Um, no more South. &gt;&gt; I think, you know, cuz I think, you know, I think the the noise is out there around Ryan Garcia. He has the title that you want. So I would say that that is if you were to do a poll that is what um most people would like to see. Uh this will be my last one before I let you go. Um boxing first but above that family. Uh congratulations. I know you posted some pictures you and Victoria baby number three on the way I think. So congratulations. Um that must be just a brilliant brilliant moment. &gt;&gt; Do you know what for me I'm at a stage in my career where I feel like this is a new beginning. It's a new chapter not just for my career but also my family. Um, you know, I think what God's done in me in my life is is phenomenal. He's completely changed me. I'm sure you guys can see my fight week. The way I've handled certain situations is so different to the way I would have handled them years ago. You know, God's completely changed my life, changed my heart. Um, and sort of helped me grow into the man that he's made me to be, you know. So, I feel like this third third child is a gift from God. And ultimately, anything I do and everything I do is to give my family the best life I possibly can. That falls on me. Um, and my family have one blessed life. My kids are going to have a blessed life. And that's what this is all about. This what this is all for, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Very well said. Yeah. Wish you all the best and uh, congratulations on this groundbreaking deal. The future's looking very, very bright and big fights to come. So, look forward to following your progress. Thank you, &gt;&gt; Dana White, co-founder of Zufa Boxing. What a huge announcement uh today for you with Connor Ben. Just um explain to us what it means for the future plans for Zufur and Connor together. &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen, I I I I like the kid personally and and I like him professionally. So, um we're we're excited about it. Um you know, we did a one fight deal and I wanted to make him feel comfortable, too. uh you know his family has been in the business for a very long time. So let him come in you know uh kick the tires over here. See see see uh how we operate, how we do business, what we have to offer out here in Vegas and uh he obviously liked it. We like him and now we're uh we're in business together for a long time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Multi-year deal I've seen it announced there. So what does that actually entail if I'm allowed to ask? Yeah, it's well it's it's a two and a half year deal, five fights. &gt;&gt; So, I suppose the big question is what next for Connor Ben? He he made it clear to us and I think the whole world can see there's no shortage of options. Uh if you had your way, I'm sure you're all going to sit down the around the table and and thrash out plans. But what would your message be to him? Where where do you what sort of route do you want to take him? Uh you listen all the guys that sign with us, what have you uh you know what have you dreamed about? What did you want to do? What are your plans with your career? Uh we like to hear all those things and obviously I'm about making the biggest fight you can possibly make and all these kids that are signing with us uh they feel the same way. &gt;&gt; I see uh boxing scene are reporting that Ryan Garcia and Connor Ben are far along in negotiations to stage a late summer uh WBC title fight. Obviously, that was reported before this deal was reported. Uh, is that one of the options, Ryan Garcia? &gt;&gt; That would be a fun one. &gt;&gt; What are I mean that is a huge fight commercially, isn't it? Uh, you know, and I suppose he's made no secret cuz that's the uh the same belt that his dad won. Um, what are the chances of getting that over the line? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm I'm one of these guys who believes anything is possible. So, anything is possible. &gt;&gt; Okay. I mean, if it isn't Garcia, there's so many names out there. Ry Romero, Shakur Stevenson, Tapimo Lopez, all of them in the wake of Connor's most recent performance have said they want the fight. Um, am I am I close to the truth there that it could be one of those guys? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I listen, it could be possibly anybody. Uh, we want to make the biggest and best fights. love the Garcia fight and and love everybody else you just mentioned. &gt;&gt; What about his performance at the weekend? Uh I'm sure he wants to make the be the best and biggest statement. That was a one fight deal with Zufa, so he wanted to impress. He obviously has done because you've done business, but how did you look at his performance in there? It was just above the worldweight limit, wasn't it? At 149, 150 pound was the fight he weighed in at 149. What did you make of his performance under the bright lights? Yeah, I think he was under a lot of pressure. Uh, you know, had a short time to get ready for the fight. Fought a, you know, veteran southpaw. He looked good to me. He dominated the fight in my opinion. Um, it's funny because you always have these guys out there talking about, uh, oh, fighter pay, fighter pay. This kid gets paid and literally everybody's hating on him, talking about his performance. and uh you know after spending the last couple days with him I think he handled it all uh uh really well. &gt;&gt; Will you be looking to bring him back to the UK or is this you know part of this deal? We know how much of a powerhouse you guys are over in the States. I think from a UK point of view every fighter wants to be loved at home but they also want to conquer uh the states because that is viewed as um you know going to the next level. Will you look to build him in the states or are you looking to keep him at home? &gt;&gt; Both. I mean, you if you look at what we've done, uh, you know, sort of our blueprint at the UFC is we travel to fights all over the place. I mean, I could do a a fight in Phoenix, Arizona with a Brazilian and an Australian and it'll sell out. So, we want uh, you know, the whole world to know who Connor Ben is and, you know, and anybody else that we have fighting and we would take these big fights anywhere in the world. &gt;&gt; Last one before I let you go because I know you're gonna have a lot of these today with this big news. You've announced Chris Bum Smith this week. Now, Connor Ben, so you are building a UK stable, uh, which is slowly taking shape. Uh, can we expect more signings to come? Uh, and if so, can you give us a clue, you know, when we might hear more? &gt;&gt; Well, let me just put it to you this way. I just did a big deal with Sky and, uh, you know, we're going to be bringing fights to the UK. So, yes, I'm looking for lots of, uh, uh, UK talent, not just the big names that you all know. I'm I'm looking for young up and cominging guys too that we think have potential to be world champions. &gt;&gt; We're going to follow this journey very very closely. So congratulations on your deal with Connor Ben and we look forward to seeing how it all plays out out Dana. Thank you very much for joining us. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having me.