Kind: captions Language: en Well, hello and welcome to the weekly boxing show on Sky Sports News. I'm Andy Scott. Gary Logan is alongside me. I know you lost us in the last part, but I think that something to do with the stormy weather that we got here in Essex. There was a storm over in New York as well, Gary, wasn't there at the weekend. Dalton Smith, unbelievable. What a win. Britain has a new world champion. He beat uh the champion. It wasn't a necessarily like a home advantage, but Puerto Rico, New York, Sabriel Matias, and he did a proper job. I think that's fair to say, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I would say with all the the Puerto Rican contingent in New York, it was a tough fight. It's a tough away gig. This guy's, you know, 29 knockouts in 33 wins. Daltton had it all to do and all to prove to us that he was he could be gone belong at true world level. And the the display, I mean, I I thought he only dropped one round. I think there was a a bit of a third round where he sort of lost his way in that round, but the way he finished it and and the leadup to the finish, the clever things he was doing on the inside, he literally broke Matias down. Absolute class from Dorton Smith throughout. He went over sort of two-footed Sabriel Matias in his in his adopted hometown, sunk a load of Guinness with his fans, and then he comes back with the title and it opens up so many options, doesn't it? I think it'll probably be Alberto Plo in a mandatory defense. But I saw Adam Azim on social media and Dorton Smith, you know, there is a rivalry there that we I think we hope and pray that we might see develop into a fight. &gt;&gt; It's simply it's as simple as that. It's the it's been the the fight other than AJ and Joshua that we've been talking about over the last couple of years. That's the fight that we'd love to see two guys at the top of their powers. Azim approaching it now. Dton's got the belt. I think Azim will get a belt and I think it's going to be a unification fight down the road for us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The other boxing news today is that Moses Italama has sustained an injury. He was due to face Jermaine Franklin who's been on the show just before Christmas. That whole card shifts back now to March 28th. So the Magnificent Seven show that we had with Moses Talama topping the bill. That shifts back. Now you can see that we're in a busy gym here. Gary, I'm actually just going to do rolling substitutions. Can I move you out the way? So the man with his back to us here is Connor Ben and Tony Sims is in the ring there. Connor Ben, will you give us just 30 seconds on Sky Sports News? News broke last night, didn't it? Mario Barios, Ryan Garcia, 21st of Feb, the WBC title. Is that now your new focus? You want the winner of that fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course it is. I mean, listen, I said I'd be WBC World Champion. It was always a dream. So to be in touching distance and be made mandatory for the WBC world title, I'll be there ringing side and I want the winner. No doubt it's Garcia. So Garcia Bened. Yeah. Okay. If it is Ryan Garcia, is your invitation come over here, let's fill a stadium, or do you want to do what Dorton Smith's just done, go over to America and and do it on foreign soil? &gt;&gt; Something great about what Dort Smith done. So, I mean, listen, I'd love to do it in Vegas. I know T-Mobile Arena's on hold for Cinco de Mayo. Um, but I feel like I got to bring it here to the UK for the supporters. Another stadium sounds good, doesn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. It does. Look, I'm going to let you go cuz I think Have I interrupted training there? Tony Sims. Tony, well, can I give a quick word then, Tony? What's it like in this gym at the moment? It's absolutely thriving. Daniel Dubir, I think he's due back in tomorrow. So, you got Connor Ben's news to react to and also I just want to quiz you on Daniel Dubis. So, Connor Ben, do you agree with him? It's Ryan Garcia next. We're hoping so. Yeah. Um, obviously the fight with Barios is on 21st of Feb. So, Connor's mandatory in the WBC for the winner of that fight. So, providing Garcia comes through then Connor will be looking to fight him. &gt;&gt; Can I ask you a quick one about Daniel Dubo? Tyson Fury's back, isn't he? He's active on social media. He's posting that he'll fight anyone. Would you entertain putting Daniel Dubar in that fight? So, obviously both under Frank Warren's banner, we think. Um, when Tyson Fury comes back, does Daniel Dubar have what it takes to to beat Tyson Fury? I think Daniel can beat anybody. You know, his power is phenomenal. We all know that. And, um, in the heavy the heavyweight scene at the moment, you know, anyone can beat anyone, I think. And Daniel's capable of beating Tyson Fury or anyone he goes in against. So, uh, it's going to be an interesting year this year to see who fights who. But, um, yeah, Daniel will be back in in tomorrow and going to camp tomorrow to train. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's where it gets really fun. Thank you for breaking training and talk to us. Come follow me this way. Let's see who else is in the gym. Bosch, the Bosch soldier, Johnny Fisher, how are you? I'm very good, thank you. Good to see you. Hadn't planned on stopping. Uh, did you have a good Christmas? &gt;&gt; Well, very good Christmas. I'm just on my way to the calf now to fuel up on some good stuff, but yeah, trained hard over Christmas. Training hard now. Ready to go for 2026. &gt;&gt; Good man. and I'll let you go. Good to see you, &gt;&gt; Bosch. &gt;&gt; Now, this is where it gets tricky. Is Spider Richards going to hit me with the rope or is he going to stop for 30 seconds, Craig? Spider Richards, what a win over Danziz just before Christmas. You came on Sports News and you said, "Look, I got to go over there and I've got to do a proper job." You did do a proper job. One of the knockouts of the year. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I had to. Um I thought it was time to come in a game last year, make a statement for the division. Two good wins, two good knockouts against two world level oppositions. know push on now 2026 &gt;&gt; once again though you're back in the mix so &gt;&gt; you know where does this journey of yours take you is is there still a world title shot in there &gt;&gt; yeah that's what the aim was you know before both the fights um last year they said the winner will push on for the world titles so I proved myself twice last year to push on for that world title one of them was the former IBO world champ one was the former European and British and Commonwealth champion I knocked them both out so it shows that I'm above that level so I think I warranted myself a shot at the title Spider, top man. Thank you for talking to us. Can I just Jimmy and George, can I bring you We're live on Sky Sports News. We don't want any rivalries here. Great mates. No, no, no. Great mates. I don't want to cause any trouble. So, British and Commonwealth Middleweight Champion, English middleweight champion. Great mates. He wants to win the belts that you've got. It all gets a little bit messy. There's only one way to sort this. Getting in the ring live on Sky Sports News. I'm joking, obviously. George, what a year for you. Well, like probably one of the breakout wins of the year. Um, and you showed everybody, you know, we were probably sleeping on the job a little bit. &gt;&gt; 100%. Show me another 23-year-old that's doing what I'm doing, especially around my weight. Do you know what I mean? We don't play games, but I can't wait now. Push on in 2026. And yeah, it's going to be a big year. And Jimmy, you got the English title. Making your waves as a pro. I mean, everybody wants to talk about your punch power. I know you want to stop everyone in their tracks and say, "No, I could do more than that." But knocking 10 of 11 out is good going. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, I can probably do a little bit more than that. My boxing ability is there as well, but it's nice knocking them out as I mean, get the night done nice and early. &gt;&gt; You've got to have a word with him, haven't you? Because you ultimately your dream and goal as well is British and Commonwealth Middleweight titles. It is really interesting when your great mate has them. So, what what is the solution here? &gt;&gt; He given me the Commonwealth silver actually. So, give me something. So, maybe a couple months time he might be able to give me the British Commonwealth, but we'll see. We're on our own path at the minute. So, uh yeah, we'll see. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And long M continue. Thank you for for talking to to both of us. I'm just going to spin around as well because you can see you can see Joey Essex on the bag there. Hello Joey. &gt;&gt; Do you want to give us 30 seconds? &gt;&gt; What's it like in this gym? Because I knew it was chaos before. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And uh you chaos. &gt;&gt; You beat me to the punch. You probably added to the chaos, have you not? &gt;&gt; I have. I have a little bit. I have a little bit. But listen, it's always busy. It's you know, you know, Tony's flat out all the time. It's hard to get time with him. But um yeah, everyone's so serious in here. Everyone does their, you know, everyone does, everyone just tries so hard in this gym compared to other gyms. Anyway, I know that. &gt;&gt; There you go. Look, &gt;&gt; you can't be slacking off the bag. Joey Essex, um, the the beauty of coming down here, Gary, is people at home, this is like a window into professional boxing gyms up and down the country. This is what it's like. It's loud. It's noisy. There's a lot of very hard men and women in here. Uh, but this is the beauty of it, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Iron sharpens iron. It's kind of a It's an old boxing old boxing metaphor, isn't it? But it is true in a number of ways. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Iron sharpens iron. Dreams are getting made. You know, everybody here has dreamt of being a pro. Some in some have traveled their own different roads to get here. You know, some with great amateur success and some people just like out of desperation. I just want to give this thing a try and see where it takes me. They're in there with one of the best the best trainers in the country, if not the world. In my opinion, his gyms keep producing world champions. go back as far as Kevin Mitchell to Ricky Burns, you know, the guys of that ilk, you know, &gt;&gt; John Ryder as well, who I I have seen, but &gt;&gt; John's over there now with Ram Alley and, you know, it just, you know, iron sharpens iron. People just want to do better. And Tony's the one to bring it out in them. This is why we love being at places like this, just to just to feel that energy, feel the feel the vibe, feel of feel what it takes to become a champion, you know, and once he's creating champions. &gt;&gt; We got one we've got one minute to go, Gary, before um I just want to leave it on the heavyweights because ultimately that is what makes the boxing world go round. Tyson Fury's back on social media. Where do you see the comeback going? Arsenal Beck Mudov seems to be the man that has sort of shot to the top of the list, but there are a lot of runners and riders there. If it is Mm Mudov, He's tall, fits the bill, can punch. It would be a good spectacle. &gt;&gt; Great spectacle because Matt Mudov, they've got to know they can't stand off against Fury. Anybody that stands off against Fury gets licked cuz I I happen to think other than Usyk, he is the biggest and tumor obviously who hasn't proved it yet that he is the best longrange boxer. I mean, Tyson can beat with Deontay Wilder, he can beat you up close as well. There's nothing that this man can't do. And if he feels he can do it, well, who are we to say he can't? And so it just creates a great atmosphere. Tyson Fury is box office as a heavyweight. He's box office other than AJ. He is box office. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you know, it's great to have him back and these fights are going to get made and I think Matt Mudov suits him. Really suit. Won't have to go looking for him. I think it'd be a really entertaining fight. &gt;&gt; I You're right. Whether you're a fan or you're not, it's not really up for debate. The uh heavyweight division and boxing in general is a more colorful uh louder place with the big GK in it. That is all we got time for this week. Come join us next week when we have more special boxing guest.