Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back. It's time for our weekly boxing chat on Sky Sports News. I'm joined in the studio by former two world twoeight world champion Natasha Jonas, plus a man preparing for his first world title shot, Dalton Smith. Great to have both of you in studio. Dalton, let's start with you. It's every fighter's dream to box for a WBC world title. And this opportunity almost took you by surprise. Tell us about the experience of sitting ringside for Puyo versus Matias and how that all escalated very quickly. Yeah. So, no, first of all, it's every every boxer's dream to fight for a world title and, you know, I worked my way up to to for that position. But, yeah, I was out in New York for the for the fight. Um, Matias Puellow. Um, and the old plan was to obviously have my face there. I was the mandatory and hopefully we get the fight after, but um, you know, after meeting Turkey, his excellency, he was say, I know this guy is he's fighting the winner and we're going to have we're going to have a face off and announce it in the ring after. So, you know, I thought happy days. fight is done. &gt;&gt; Natasha, um, Sabriel Matias is a tough opponent. He's aggressive and heavy-handed, but has Dalton got the skills to beat him? &gt;&gt; I think so. We were speaking earlier, and I think, you know, he's um he's aggressive. He comes forward, he's a big puncher, can be, but he also gets hit a lot. I thought I was there as well at the last fight in New York and I thought he he faded in the second half of the fight and let Poullo come come back into it and and gain a few rounds and you know it was a fight that could have went either way depending on on what you like to see. So um there's definitely weaknesses in the armor and you know as long as he keeps his concentration and and and um yeah and and just disciplined then I think he's got all the beatings cuz he's got the movement. He's, you know, he's got the boxing skills and the knowhow and I think it'd be a great fight. &gt;&gt; Dalton, you're known for your impressive skills, but will you have to show some grits and warrior spirits in this fight? &gt;&gt; You know, maybe. Hopefully not. Hopefully, it's easier in there. But, um, look, this is this is the elite boxing pound-for-pound, the best in the world. And, um, you know, that's what I'm excited to to show. you know, anyone who's really I've fought haven't really challenged me that much. So, um, you know, I think it'll be a physical fight. Of course, it's going to be tough, but that's what most important what I'm excited for to to prove to people that I can do that I can bite down on the gum shield if I need to. And, um, of course, you don't want it to happen, but of course, I am excited to show show everybody else what else I can do. &gt;&gt; Do you think you can win by stoppage? &gt;&gt; I've been very very confident. Um, of course, Sabre is he's is a great champion, former IBF world champion also. And um, you know, I think the second half of the fight, I think once I've figured his his range, um, his pace at a fight, I'll be very confident to take him out in the second half. &gt;&gt; Right, it's time to introduce our next guest now, a heavyweight who's preparing for a big night in Dalton's hometown of Sheffield. Welcome, David the White Rhino, Alan. Dave, great to have you joining us. &gt;&gt; Yeah, wonderful. How you doing? &gt;&gt; Yeah, very well, thank you. &gt;&gt; And clearly in the car, thank you for making time. Now, you shocked a number of people plus Eddie Hearn when you selected your opponent for Sheffield Arena. Also, he's one of the hardest punches in the division. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, when you headline Sheffield Arena, um Nasim Mhhammed, um Kell Brook Daltton Smith, you know, it's my turn now. And when I when I got the list of names sent to me, I thought, well, we might as well make the most of it while while we're here. So, um, so I picked Matt. Yeah, he's big. He's dangerous. You know, he's um he's someone that will help me fill Sheffield, right? I know if I beat him, you know, he'll send me on my way to to really big fights. &gt;&gt; Dave Lwood said he's coming to hunt you on October 11th. Is this all the motivation you need for the training camp? &gt;&gt; Uh, not really. You know, the motivation is I'm going to be really rich if I beat him. So, yeah, if I beat him. Yeah. Wow. I'll be so rich. It'd be unbelievable. So, I'm not bothered about him. I just want to beat him and just Yeah. Just have another big fight and then hopefully chill out for the rest of my life. That's the plan. &gt;&gt; Listen, we appreciate the brutal honesty. Um, you're coming off that big win over Johnny Fischer. Do you enjoy the underdog role and shocking opponents once that first bell rings? Yeah, I think the underdog tag that I've had most of my career is is I thrive off it really. Every time I've been expected to win, I get beat. Um I'm not very good with pressure. That's why I picked Matt Madov. I think a lot of people will expect Matt Bav to beat me. But um I like that really. I like to shock. I think Matt Badov will be when he gets in there with me. I think most fighters in the game, they'll be very surprised. I'm a little bit defensively cuter than they expect. I'm a lot stronger than you think. you know, I don't look particularly much, but um but yeah, again, I think I can beat Matt. I think I am, but um I think I've got the right style to beat him. &gt;&gt; So, you mentioned them earlier, Prince Nimmed, Kellbrook, and Dalton Smith, who's obviously here with us. You're following in their footsteps by headlining a bill in Sheffield. How does that feel? And are you saving Dalton a ringside seat? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm over the moon with it. Really something I've always wanted to do. I first bought at Sheffield Arena over 12 years ago. He was actually a car undercard I was on. I bought some many um Kell Brookke undercards. I've actually been in touch with the prince Nasim Hamemed about uh doing a ring walk with me. Um hopefully Donald will be there as well. So yeah, it's great to be to join them listing names. Um I'm not from Sheffield. I'm not from Doncaster, but you know, Ted Line Sheffield are in for me. It's pretty much is my home is my home arena. Yeah, I'm very proud of it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you so much for joining us, Dave, and the very best of luck luck for your training camp. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Thank you, &gt;&gt; Daltton. Just on what Dave said there, he seems to have chosen an opponent that scares him. How do you get motivated for your own long training camps? &gt;&gt; I think that's the main thing. When you've got the the fear factor in front of you, that's what gives you that hunger, that drive, and especially like if you're if you're the underdog. Um, but you know, Dave's he's a legend of the sport. He's he's good to see that he's he's getting something good from boxing. Um and of course I'll be there ringside watching him fight. We've got Janed Boston on the card as well. So um yeah, he's good for boxing. Um he's a great role model and um of course it's going to be a great fight. &gt;&gt; Has your father Grant already lined up some fearsome sparring partners to mimic Matias? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so we've got it all in place. Um, you know, especially my last couple of camps, I've always flown my sparring partners in to get the best best out of my camps and yeah, we've got all that set up ready to, you know, kickstart a great camp. &gt;&gt; Let's move quickly to football cuz your team Sheffield Wednesday, the club seems to be in chaos at the moment. I know Barry Bannon has attended a number of your fights. Yeah, Barry's a legend in in on and on off the pitch. But um of course of course my home club Sheffield Wednesday is not in the great greatest positions at the minute, but hopefully we can get new ownership. I feel like really that that's that's the main thing. That's what we need. It's not in a good position for that, but I think this is the moment where the fans need to get together. You know, football's about the players and the fans. And you know, I think this is where we really need to get together and um come through the hardships cuz I know it'll come good and you know, Sheffield Wednesday's got one of the best supports. Um obviously we've just sought out the the first game of the season um in at the way end. So um you know it's going to it's going to be big, but fingers crossed we get new ownership and you know we can kickstart a career what's obviously not been so great so far. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Tasha, we can't let you go without discussing your own boxing career. Is there still a chance you could lace up the gloves? &gt;&gt; I mean, you'll never say never. A big opportunity comes for a big fight. Um, like Dalton said and Dave, you need that fear factor sometimes um to get you motivated, especially at the stage I am in me career right now. So, there's there's still one or two names that could pull me out, pull me out. But we'll see. We'll see what happens. &gt;&gt; What's life been like not being in camp, not constantly keeping sharp? &gt;&gt; Um, it's been different. It's been um yeah, it's been it's it's nice to be normal sometimes and get the break away from boxing. You know, there is it's such a big part of your life that that when it's not there, it's hard to fill the void positively, but I've got, you know, stuff that I want to do, stuff that I've still yet to do. &gt;&gt; Um so, yeah, we'll see what happens. &gt;&gt; Much missing it as we look at these pictures here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, I'm looking at myself thinking, why I haven't got my hands up and why I doing this? Um yeah, no, you know, there's nothing that will replace that high of standing on the the platform ready to walk out and going into going into the big fight as Dton experience and there's there's nights you'll never forget, you know, so like I say, the sport's given me a lot. Um but yeah, you know, you've got to walk away from the sport before it it retires you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Clarissa Shield says she's hoping to tempt 47year-old Laya Alley out um to make a comeback. Is Clarissa running out of competition and meaningful opponents? &gt;&gt; I I would say so. I think um because of how how competitive some of the other weight divisions are. I think it's tough for Clarissa. She's in a lose-lose situation. So, she has to keep going up to get more belts and get more accolades, but there's no real competition there for her. Um, so she's just, you know, winning convincingly, blowing everyone away. And she can only beat who's in front of her, but it's not they're not the kind of fights that we want want to see see her involved in. And I think, you know, there was there was back and forths on social media about, you know, a certain amount of money that Ila wanted and Clarissa said she'd got it. Ila like refutes that. So, um, I don't if if it if it does become a a fight, it'll just be like a, you know, a Jake Paul versus Mike Tyson kind of thing. in my opinion, you have to just take it for what it is. But as a competitive fight, I mean, I don't want to disrespect Lea Leila Alli in any way, but you know, female fighting's come a long way since since her day. And, you know, she is that little bit older than that little bit, you know, a long time retired. To get yourself back to boxing fit at that age would be would be some feat, especially to defeat one of the greatest females that that we've had. So, &gt;&gt; interesting. &gt;&gt; Very interesting indeed. Now your former opponent Terry Harper's in line to face Caroline Dubois. What do you make of that as a fight? &gt;&gt; I think it's a good fight. Um, you know, Terry Harper's a big name um and and a great name to have on your record for for Caroline. I think the way the trajectories of their careers are going at the minute, I was at Ted's last fight and to be fair, I don't think it was one of her better performances and but she can, you know, I think the the better people that are in front of her, the more she'll step up. But I just think Caroline at the minute is, you know, is in a class of her own. And I think um, you know, she had a tough tough fight out last time, but she's learned a lot from that. And I think she'll keep on going, keep on progressing and keep on getting better. And again, she needs them opponents to to to bring her up, you know, and and and um, show the best that that she's got. And I think the the styles will gel well, but ultimately I think I think Caroline will be too much. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much for your time, Tesa and Dalton as well. Good luck with your training camp coming up. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you all. That's all we got time for. To Tasha, Dalton, and David. Remember to download the Toe Toto podcast and join us next Tuesday for more special boxing guests.