Kind: captions Language: en Well, it's the final day of Royal Ascot. It's been a sensational week's racing and it's attracted people from all different sports. We've had heavyweights on the track. We got heavyweights inside. Daniel Dvoir, thank you for joining us first and foremost. How much you enjoying a day at the races away from all the training? I'm love. It was good. Nice break. Changes up. Yeah. Do you get a chance to do other things like this very often or not or is this just a rarity for you with a strict regime? Yeah. Well, we're we're pretty close to the fight now, so just um a day out is all right, I think. Now, this isn't just any old fight. It's Alexander Usyk. It's at Wembley. It's a month away. Just talk us through how the prep's gone first and foremost. It's gone really well. Um um on a good place, on good level, and myself physically and mentally, I'm ready to go, man. And for this fight to take place at Wembley, how much does that mean to you? Oh, it's amazing. Um, it's going to be a massive event similar to this one today. It's going to be global, worldwide, and everyone tuning into it, I can't wait. It's going to be It means a lot to me. Clearly, you got loads of emotion about it, but come the night, Daniel, how much do you have to keep that emotion in check? Um, we we'll find a way. My dad manages it pretty well. You know, we all It's a good team, so I'm just going to be so zoned in and focused to do the job on him. I'm not going to let anything get in the way. You've won numerous titles all the way since you were an amateur, but to win this fight, what does it mean? It means the world. It means conquering everything the sport has to offer. The top of the game, undisputed is is everything in boxing. So, you know, I'm going to give it everything. We often talk in racing about how races play out. How does this fight unfold in front of your eyes at Wembley? What's what's the plan without giving too much away? Tune in. Tune in, guys. Tune in. Yeah. You'll see, man. Now, if my math is still right, 21 of your victories have come with straight knockouts. Yeah. Fireworks. It's going to be bombs away on the night. Yeah. Is it going to be a big punching fight? Is that how you see it? I'm going to be the one throwing the bombs. Um, and just coming through wherever I have to come through. No, I'm not going to be denied. And just a word about your opponent. I mean, obviously, you think you're going to win. He'll go in there thinking he's got every chance of winning. How do you see him as a fighter? I see him as a top guy, isn't it? He's got to be at one of the best in the world, ranked, you know, globally. But now I think it's my time. I'm I'm the young line here and um I got to prove that I'm a a new force, a real force in the division and I'm going to take over. And just finding as we said, Daniel, a month to go. You're enjoying yourself today, but what happens from here on in? What happens from here on? Prepare. Prepare and then win. Fight. Destruction. Yeah. Can't wait. Daniel, it's been a real pleasure to meet you. That That's a firm handshake, by the way. I wouldn't want to be on the end if I was Mr. Usyk. That's for sure. There we are. Daniel Dubois. Huge fight at Wembley coming up against Alexander Usyk. the biggest fight of his life and one that he thinks he's going to