Kind: captions Language: en Well, hello and welcome to the boxing show on Sky Sports News. I'm Andy Scott and joining me this week is Kieran Farrell, co-trainer of the heavyweight champion of the world, Daniel Dubois, and former world champion Barry Jones. I have to start by saying this is where we are at the moment. Although you can't see him just off camera now, Daniel Dubois is just going through one of his final spars as we sort of work our way towards that July 19th at the Wembley Arch. Uh Daniel Dubois takes on Alexander Usyk for all of the marbles. The undisputed heavyweight championship of the world. Kieran, thank you very much for having us down here at the farm gym in El's tree. I don't want to give anything away, but he he is a good sparrer. Daniel Dublof from what I've seen so far. Yeah. So I don't want to go into it, you know what I mean? But no, he sparred really well all camp and um like you said, last final spars really coming up and uh you um going to see something special hopefully on 19. Yeah. Do you believe that that he is capable of doing something special? He's fought Alexander Usyk before. Some people believe that he had Alexander Usyk down and out with a body shot that was ruled low. Some people believe it wasn't. But he did show glimpses in that fight that he he can get to Usyk. Would you agree with that? Yeah, a million%. Um I think I remember sitting there watching I actually thought ah I'm hang I'm going to a minute. What was that? You know what I mean? Um Alexander Usyk's a true professional. I knew what he knew the score. He didn't get counted. He stayed down 5 minutes and it sort of lost the momentum a little bit for Daniel. But um I feel like um Daniel knows he's hurt him now and anytime I've been in here and seen that he know it can hurt someone, you might as well not show up for the next session. You know what I mean? So um yeah. So I look it Daniel Dy 2.0, Alexander Usi 2.0. Look, Usyk's had a lot of fights since he fought the bar the first time. So in them last couple of years, they both been on their own upward trajectory. And now we just got to see um who's the dada. Yeah. I mean when you say it like that, what do you think is the big difference between the Daniel Dubois that fought Usyk back then and the Daniel Dubois that's preparing just over our shoulder here? Daniel was um he say himself like he was he was in a dark place at that time. You know what I mean? I mean like Don said before he was only with Don for 12 week, you know what I mean? um for the fight and and like we were saying to Barry before a I boxing with a coach for 12 week is not a long time over the last couple of years been with Don I've been introduced to the team the last 18 months you know what I mean and uh I I've seen how great he's got over the last 18 months never mind the last couple of years so like look and I know I know Dom was saying to me even before the Miller fight he's always he's got better and better and better so like you know it's just one of them it's a mad one because Last time I spoke to you, Andy was saying to you before the Parker fight about how he's gone five levels above. Yeah. And five levels above the AJ fight and and honestly like it he really has. You know what I mean? I'm going to bring in Barry under the pictures of of uh Usyk Dubois. Um what are the keys to victory this time round for Daniel Dubois? Would you argue? Guess the keys always for Usyk and stop that movement. I mean that's I mean stop them move and stay calm. And it's just difficult to do when you got a guy who's always when you're a heavyweight, you're not used to people being so so movable and adaptable as as Alexander Usuzi is. So you having a guy in front of you, you can hit. It's just about how hard you can hit that person. And with us, you got a guy who's constantly moving. So they're always making you think and that tires are fighter out cuz the more you think, the the more tense you become. The more tense you become, the the your energy drains dramatically. And you see that with all the heavies that boxing, but he by the time he gets to six rounds, they're all exhausted and he's still going to work. So, it's about staying calm but stopping that movement. And for Danny Dubar, it's the jab. He has a good jab. It's a solid jab and it's fast enough to get to us. Okay, he's a south ball, so you got to get you got to adjust your feet a little bit for that. But if you can just hit him on anywhere on the chest, you know, just stop that movement that takes a little bit away from music. And then with that, you got to hurt him. I mean, I mean, ultimately this is going to come down to power for Danny Duba. All the adjustments you make, but it's going to be power that's going to win him or lose him the fight. So, if you can stop that target long enough to throw that right hand and make him feel it, then you're in with a chance, but it's hard. I mean, for me, the improvement for Dub has been for me is belief in his fitness. I think, you know, he's come through the other side, you know, after obviously the Joyce fight and certainly the Uzi fight where I think he panicked and know with the jab put him down and he didn't want to get up because he was he was exhausted. But fitness is a funny thing because it's not all about just about not getting tired. It's what you do when you get tired. And if you push through that barrier, there's a reserve and usually a whole field of more fitness, but heavies don't experience that cuz all the fights are early but the knockouts. But once you get once you know this on the other side is more fitness, then you're a different fighter. And he's a different fighter now cuz you seen in the in the in in the the Miller fight, he got tired. He pushed through the barrier, opened his world, the Herz fight. He went in there full of desire, knowing he could he could he could fight at a pace that you can't fight that. And that made him a whole new a whole new fighter. Now he's a fighter full of confidence. We saw that against Joshua. Forget about the performance, which is great. The confidence he had coming into that fight, but he just thought, I'm just going to put a pace on you. I'm going to send to the ring, stamp my authority, and you can't live with me. I mean, and that confidence that he has will make him a different fighter and a harder fighter for Uzi to have to figure out. He's just over your shoulder there. I know. That's nice. Thanks. I'm going to let him get a drink and then he is going to join us very very shortly. How important uh in fact I'll stay with Barry because you may well need to give up your microphone. I don't want to see you have to fight for it. Kieran, how important is the the mental approach uh with heavyweights? Yes. Physically obviously it's important, you know, the stature of the the guys and the power of the guys, but mentally I feel like Daniel Dubir is in a much better place. Yeah. Well, it's all mental for boxing. You can you can train, you can get fit and and your ability is your ability. You can you can hone that as best you can, but ultimately it's putting yourself in that mindset that you can beat anyone on your day that you feel that you're full of confidence that whatever they throw at you, you'll find a way to win. And certainly for the heavyweight, it's about know not being panicked when he's moving around all the time. You can't close him down cuz it will take a while for that. Unless you jump on him early, of course, he has that power. But, I mean, if it doesn't go early, then you have to believe that you got the fitness to go through it. And he's full of confidence now. A confident fighter is a dangerous fighter. Daniel, could you come and join us for a split second on Sky Sport? So, take take that microphone uh there. Yeah. Yeah, you can have your own. You're the heavyweight champion of the world. And you're sparring like it as well. You know, we had a a real good sort of look there off camera at your your preparations. How do you feel in yourself physically and mentally coming into what is the biggest test of your career to date? Yeah, I feel good, pumped, and prepared. I feel on top of the world. I'm good condition. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's been hot here the last couple of weeks and this is a hot old gym. So, it is proper preparation. Proper. Yeah. Where do you think the differences lie this time compared to when you fought Alexander Rousi the first time? Massively. Different cam, different person, different I've got a different um environment and it's just going to make me the better fighter on the night. I know. I know 100%. Yeah, we saw shots of you and Solomon down at Royal Ascot at the weekend saying, "Look, we're preparing for business here. You know, strictly business, destruct and destroy." Yeah. Are you looking to get this done inside the distance if you can? And do you believe that if you hit him and you hit him clean, I know last time you feel that you did hit him clean, but it it was ruled not so. So that is the past. But do you believe this time around if you hit him clean that you can put him away and win this undisputed heavyweight championship at the World Bunny knockout? Definitely. I believe that. You know, heavyweights, this is what it's all about, knockouts. And um I'm just going to be 100% focused on the job in front of me and um I believe I'm going to deliver that 100%. Yeah. I look, you're not stupid. You're not going to give me away a game plan or anything like that, but you can give us something. What will you do differently this time that you didn't do first time round? Win. Every day that you come here, I've I've said this to you before, but I do think mental preparation is a huge thing. This this lovely gym, the farm gym in L Street, every time you park your car, you see Wembley Arch. You see the scene of your greatest night against Anthony Joshua. As you pull up there, do you visualize back under that Wembley Arch and and what do you see when you uh when you see it? Yeah, it's about recreating that whole thing again. You know, we was just seeing that when Wembley Arch is out there. So, it's all meant to be, isn't it? Now I'm fighting that there again. So, yeah, bring it on. Yeah, that that that's important, isn't it? Believing in yourself, believing that the time is right. I wonder in previous fights, don't want to say you were a boy in a man's body, but you were a young heavyweight. Now, do you believe you've got that seasoning? Well, I was working my way up and every fight has to, you know, do their do their thing, you know, you know, prove themsel and that's what I was doing. But now I'm a man. Now I'm got the title. I'm the man. And I need to get all the belts now to show I'm a real real champ. Real the man of the moment. Man of the future. Yeah, of course. The man of the moment. The man of the future. Can I ask Barry a question? You You may want to say something here. You may want to just say, "Look, I'm concentrating on myself." But we did see reports this week of Alex Casuk, longtime promoter of Alexander Rousi. That's fractured that relationship now. They're not going to work with each other anymore. Is that a storm in a teacup? People fall out all the time or stop working with each other all the time. It does seem a strange time for that news to come out just ahead of the biggest fight. Well, it it it'll create some storylines, but it's not his trainer, so I can't see how it affects his preparation. I honestly I don't if it's a manager, but that that deals with your business outside of the ring. I mean, if his trainer left him and and then you'd be thinking, hang on a minute, this is not going this is not ideal preparation, but that can't be used as an excuse. It won't be used as an excuse, and it shouldn't be because that's just some guy deals with your with your financials or organizing fights, but he has a fight. The job's done. So I mean I I don't think I don't think it plays a part. I don't think and even if there was an issue. I think Usyk is such a professional know so pragmatic with his approach what's made him brilliant by the way nothing will fay him. So he'll come into this fight well prepared and and that's what we want. Know we got a guy here who's at the peak of his powers. We got us who I still think is at the peak of his powers. Even his 38 he still come off with two best wins against the best heavyweight on the planet. So you know there's no excuses either way. So you got two guys at their best fighting for the championship of the world. I mean that's and so whoever wins wins and and they and they're genuinely the number one and all we want in this sport. Forget about the titles. We want number one versus number two. We had it with Fury and Usyk. We're going to get it with with Usyk and Dubis now. And and that's what the sport's about. And if and if it's a good fight, it don't just help these. It helps all of us. By the way, do you believe that he is still at the peak of his powers? Alexander Usyk. So if you beat Usyk, you're beating the best Usyk or do you think there are signs that he's creeking at all? No, I believe I'm going to beat the best there is on a night and that's all I got to do. That's all I got to worry about and yeah, creating history. Presumably, that's what you want as well. So, you'll say when, I'll say if, but when you beat him, people say you beat the best. You know, you beat the best, not not someone that was towards the end of their career, even though he's come out and said he's got two fights left. You want to you want the credit for what you're going out there to achieve? Yeah, I'm just tunnel vision on my journey, making my legacy, leaving my mark on this sport, and work really hard to get here. I'm not going to be denied now. I'm at the door. I'm at the door and I'm just going to kick it in. Yeah. Don't just open it. Kick it in. What about how you see yourself? I thought this you can put me right or you can put me wrong. When you went into the Joshua fight, you loved that underdog mentality that 98% of the people in that arena were supporting him and didn't back you. I wonder how you see yourselves this time cuz you got a legitimate heavyweight title. Do you see yourself as the favorite as the champion or do you still have that underdog mentality? Underdog all the day all the way. It's bit been the story of my career. So I want to keep that mindset. I'm a underdog for life and I'm just going to keep breaking, you know, people's hearts. They they hate his hearts and keep keep proving them wrong. Can I bring in your brother? Do you mind? Come and join uh your your older brother here, Solomon. So, we've had you on the podcast. Uh tell us a little bit about yourself and, you know, standing shoulder-to-shoulder with your older brother, Daniel. Um you know, you're living that journey as well, I think. Yeah, for sure. Just um working hard with him. It's good inspiration. And good uh good to work with my brother, you know. Yeah, it must be the dream. I mean, do you one day harbor the same dreams to follow in his footsteps? For sure. Yeah. Be heavyweight champion of the world. Unified. For sure. There you go. How good is he? Imagine he's not here. I've seen him hitting the pads and I've seen him actually spar in the Mike Tyson gym out in Saudi Arabia. So, we've seen it. But how good is he? You know, I don't need to say he's going to win for the future for for sure. You know, it's a really really bright future for him. Is he as good at this stage? How old are you now? 12. Is he as good as you were at 12? Better or room to go? What? Slicker. He's a lot slicker. He's a skillful boxer. So, yeah, he's coming in. He's coming home all the way to the top. Listen, I saw him hit the pads. He can punch like you as well. Definitely. Before we let you go, before we sign off, look, we really appreciate you opening the doors to us today as you stand on that ramp. Yeah, there can be nothing like that. It is still, in our opinion, our biased opinion, the greatest uh prize in sport to become the undisputed king. You know, this is a throwback. What do you think you'll feel on the ramp when they call your name and you got to do that that walk? It was uh Daniel in the Jungle the song last time. James Daniel in the Lion's Den. Daniel in the Lion's Den. Yeah. I mean, it was it was great. You had a real sweat on like you do now. And I thought, look at the confidence of that, man. How do you think you'll feel on that ramp? Cuz we'll never experience that. Yeah. The heavyweight champion. It's going to I'm going to recreate it again and tell you guys what it feels like after. But yeah, for sure bringing them belts. Lovely stuff. Thank you so much for joining us. You can give that back to Barry. Yeah, Solomon. Thank you very much as well. Please, please don't uh leave me hanging. Barry, thank you very much. You know, one very quick 10-second answer. Can he do it? It's a hard still behind you, so just be careful. It's a hard ass, but he has the He has the potential to do it. Yeah, it's a be as the