Kind: captions Language: en One name you didn't put in there was Daniel Dubo. And the reason I bring that up is because you are now working with Daniel as an adviser. Uh so a word on that, but also he's moved on from Don Charles and and Kieran Farrell who left a couple of weeks ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Reports online that it's Tony Sims as a new trainer. So what light can you shed on that? &gt;&gt; Look, in regards to Don Charles, Daniel's made the decision that he wanted a change. The Don Charles has been an amazing part of Daniel's career, guided him to to become a world heavyweight champion. um which is not easy to do against Anthony Joshua in the Lion's Den in Wembley Stadium. That will be that's that's there forever. He's done an amazing job, Don Charles. But Daniel's decided he he he wanted to move on and and have a fresh start. And uh Kieran and Don did a did a great job, but it's now it's now a fresh a fresh start for for Daniel elsewhere. In regards to his next trainer, uh Daniel will make his own statement um about that in the next few days. &gt;&gt; So, you're not saying it's not Tony Sims, but you're not saying it is Tony Sims. &gt;&gt; I'm not I'm not confirming or den, but the Daniel Daniels needs to make his own statements. It's not right for me. I've been in involved with Daniel for just over a week. I'm not going to I'm not going to just welcome to the spotlight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I'm not By the way, what's happening here? It's up for Daniel. Daniel's a 27y old man, former world heavyweight champion. It's down to him to make his own announcements as to what he's doing next. &gt;&gt; That's fair enough. Yeah. I I'll stop poking the bear. Uh Pat, let's talk about your career. Um well done so far. I mean it's it's been crash bang wallet but it's been very very impressive. I think it's it's put bums on seats. People are talking about you in the right circles. Just how have you found the adjustment to the pro game? You're a very talented amateur and one thing that a lot of people always said was you know god he he really does have a pro style. So how have you found it now that you are in the in the paid ranks? &gt;&gt; Yeah I definitely got thrown in the deep end. You know me pro debut uh headlined in Ultringum. I had, you know, all me family, friends, and loved ones there. And it was one of the best nights of me life. You know, the atmosphere was unbelievable. And that that's the way I am as a person. I love getting thrown in the deep end. That's what happened when I was on GB. They skipped me, got me straight on the podium squad. And I didn't even have an international fight, so I got well and truly threw in the deep end. And that's the way I am. And in terms of how different it is. Yeah. You're training, you're sitting on your shots. you know, this pro game, it's the business of pain. It's the business of, you know, getting your knuckle and clamping someone's skull. And this is what we're seeing. &gt;&gt; It's horrible. It's not a nice It's not a nice sport at times. But then it also shows you're not a bullying. You're not someone who uh takes liberties outside of the sport. You got to conduct yourself well and be a role model. But like I said, the pro game, it ain't tippy tappy wappy wappy. It's uh you're getting stuck in and it's two men and they're having it and strongest survive. &gt;&gt; Sam and I are both smiling but they're kind of like nervous smiles cuz you have a switch. I don't know if you know that you have it but when he goes Sam, you know, &gt;&gt; you know, there's a fine line between the banter you can have with him and then you realize you're no longer having banter and he's looking at you like he has done earlier. &gt;&gt; I say I've seen it firsthand on his first debut week. Obviously, we're getting to know each other. I was not once I was scared of him but I wouldn't be sitting as close as I am now to him on on the on the &gt;&gt; say I'm scared of him he's got he's got a switch like Pat's a love a love a lovely guy say a very straight face a lovely guy but he has got a switch but you like I say you're in a in a hurt business and he's a special fighter and he's going to go a long long way to the very very top but as I say he has got the uh the switch where I wouldn't want to be sat this close to him. Yeah, just very briefly, there are these comparisons with Ricky Hatton and it's a lot more um refined than people just saying, you know, both from Manchester, both big ticket sellers. You know, I think there are a lot of comparisons. Um heavy wears the crown. How is that comparison weighing on you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's weighing on me perfectly really. You know, Ricky, um like you just said there, it's not just boxing. I said I said this before and to many people Manchester especially where I live I'm on the outskirts of this city and you know it's a community and we're we're very proud of that and if I walk into I can name five pubs that I could walk into without you know texting anyone and I I would find someone in there have a good night have a good catch up and it's old school people are still playing darts they're still betting fivers they're still playing cards in the corner and you got this world of social media and people are glued to the phones But when when you got this community and you know you know people from back in the day as kids and they're all backing you and all that it's beautiful and me old man he he he's well known around sale Manchester and uh yeah it's just beautiful that they can all get behind me and we're giving back that old school boxing uh that in my opinion it's needed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm smiling away and I it's because it's a great message. Yeah. Not long may the uh the pub culture of boxers and and the community continue. Um thanks very much Pat. Now I'm delighted to say uh that we are being joined by former world champion Amir Khan via Zoom. Hello Amir. Uh I believe you some exciting news to share with us regarding the first show that you'll be promoting in Nigeria. How did that come about and what is it all about? So, we had a fantastic show back in uh July in Ghana and now obviously we we're doing another big show in Africa once again. Obviously, Nigeria this time is going to be we've just teamed up with a company over there, Balmoral uh group and uh it's going to be on the 1st of October. We're going to have a fantastic show in Lagos. It's going to be a Nigerian independence day and I think it's going to be a massive night of boxing there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So some of the names on the bill, Rocky Fieldian's coming out of retirement. We know him well to face Brandon Glanton while Daniz is on the card. Richard Comey, Elvis Ahoga, the Soldier. Um, so you're sort of starting off with a bang. What are your hopes and expectations out there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, we're starting off with a bang. The last show was an amazing show that we had. This one's going to be even better. We've learned from the first show. We're going to not make There's a few little mistakes that we made. We're not going to make the same mistakes again. But the thing is uh you know to have a great card like Rocky Fielding coming out of retirement after two and a half years. You've got Brandon Glanton who's just lost against Chris Ben Smith uh he's he's another that's another great fight. Obviously we've got Daniz who's looking amazing and also this is a fight for him that he wants to take off the bucket list being uh Nigerian himself having family there you know this is a fight that I wish when I was a fighter if I had the opportunity to fight in Pakistan that's where my family are from it would have been an amazing thing though so you know then we've got other fighters like Richard Comey he's from Ghana he's fought the likes of Tophimo Lopez Lmanenko he's a former world champion and like you said we Go back to the fan favorite Elvis Agora. Uh, big fan base. He has big crowd. He pulls in and he's very entertaining. &gt;&gt; Amir, I got to be honest, can't see any gray hairs there. Uh, so I'm interested. What is more stressful? What are you enjoying more? Uh, was it easier to be a fighter or easier in the promotional business? &gt;&gt; You know what? Um, it's a little bit easier being in the promotional business because you're not taking any punches. I mean, in boxing, you know, it's a brutal sport. Just like uh you were saying in the interview just then, it's a dangerous sport. You're always one punch away from getting hurt. And boxing now is on such a high in Great Britain. We've got some great champions and there's some mega fights that are happening in Saudi Arabia. Just last week I was in Saudi and we've got great up andcoming champions coming through as well. So yeah, boxing is on a high and I'm glad I'm sat on the other side. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just quick before you go, Crawford Canelo, you know them both very well having boxed them both. Uh size does matter in this one. you think, but who do you think will win and why? &gt;&gt; Look, I'm the only guy to be share the ring with both guys. And um I always said, look, both fighters are great. They're both great at what they do. I thought Canelo um you know, he was uh easier to hit. Uh he had slow feet, both fast hands. I never expected him to have the fast hands he had. Um and obviously coming, he has a lot of power. So that's one thing Crawford has to worry about, you know, the the size and the power. But then again, I saw a picture of Crawford where he's he was weighing around 180 lbs. Looked strong, looked big, uh, and I think he holds the weight well. And he's another fighter that's very strong, very powerful. So, you know what? I do lean more towards Crawford in this fight because he's the more fresher fighter. He's not been in too many wars like Canelo's been in. But look, like I said, this is a this is a top level boxing this is. So, I don't know who's going to win. But like I said, I do lean more towards Crawford. Amirit, absolute pleasure. Uh, I'll make you right. It's a mega fight, isn't it? Best of luck with your venture as well.