Kind: captions Language: en Joining us now after scoring a contender for knockout of the year against Johnny Fischer this past weekend, it's Dave Allen. Great to see you, Dave. Uh hope all is well. Fantastic performance. Uh you know, quite often fighters say they're going to do something and then obviously on the night uh anything can happen. But you you did exactly what you said you were going to do. That must be pretty uh pretty rewarding and you must be pretty happy with yourself at the moment. Yeah, I was really happy with it. Yeah. Um, after the fight in December, I was full of confidence, something I've never really had before. So, I went into the fight confident, you know. I went into the fight probably a few pounds too heavy, but I was very confident I'm going to get the job done. I knew I knew I was too experienced for him. Mentally, I felt I'd nearly done the job before we got in the ring. And, uh, it was just about listening to Jay and Nigan and and putting it into practice uh, on the night, which I did. I was up with it. Yeah, it was a pretty brutal, pretty fantastic knockout. Uh, whichever way you look at it. One of the best of your career. You would say we're going to show it now to the fans at home. Um, did you know at this point that you would hurt him? He started to sway a little bit and his legs were obviously no longer there. Yeah, after about 30 seconds and I'd win the fight. You were doing too much, um, moving too much, punching too much. Um yeah, I thought I really think I had the fight one before the first spell really. Um yeah, the first four rounds worked the way. I had to do what I had to do to get him into a position to to get him where we've got him there. And the fifth round I thought I thought I boxed really well, you know. Um I'm Dave Allen, so you don't I'm not going to get too much credit for boxing ability, but the fifth round I think I was pretty good. I think you're playing it down a little bit. I thought you boxed really well. Can I just say Dave, absolute credit to you. Um, not you've ever been any different, but you obviously knew immediately that it was a bad knockout and that he needed um attending to. He didn't celebrate at all. Yeah, he's my mate. You know, he's he's a really nice bloke, so it wouldn't matter if he wasn't. Uh, you know, I could see his family when I did the ring walk. I saw his family. There was ringside. Uh, the sun, you know, just been knocked out. They don't need me running around like a div, do they? So, so yeah, there's plenty of time to celebrate. Uh and and when the opponent's down, that that's not the right time. So, you know, I I'm glad I won and enjoyed it, but um I'm miserable anyway, as you know. So, I'm not really a massive celebrator really. But, uh he got up, he was all right, and that's the main thing. Yeah, I enjoy spending time with you because you make me look the most positive man in the world. What next for you? Uh it really does open it up now. I feel like a brilliant postfight interview where you sort of said anyone around my level that's where you know I know I can cause anybody problems. So what do you think is that level at the moment? Is it the winner of David Adlay Jam TKV the rematch for the British title? Is it Fraser Clark again? Um is Ituma too far advanced now? Just give us some names that you would entertain. Yeah, anybody that I can hit really. Um if I can hit someone, I can beat him. That's that's been the problem. Uh but um I'm I think I'm getting better. Better experience, maturity. I'm definitely getting better. Um and there used to be a long line of people wanting to fight me because I weren't fit and I had I had a you know good following, but I weren't fit. But now I'm fit. I got a bit of experience. Um and there's still a majority of people think I'm not that good. So I don't think there's going to be a massive list of people wanting to box me. Uh, I'd love to win the British title one day, of course. Um, I believe we're going back to Sheffield to headline the show there, which is great. Um, I don't really want to call anyone out. There's loads of great heavyweights about, you know, a lot of great cruiserweights. Richard Riatpour there, Lawrence Sakoli, they're coming to join the party. Um, so yeah, there's loads of good fighters about and loads of good fights to be had and you know, I can't wait to get involved in them. Richard is here. You sort of stole my thunder there. I was going to say, you know, he's up he's up now with your division at at heavyweight. Is he someone that um if it made financial sense, it would make sense to you? Yeah, I think Rich is a brilliant fighter. You know, I think going to heavyweight. Uh very much like Lawrence Sakoli, it'll suit him. They'd be better and more dangerous. I think he's a very good fighter. Um I'm open to boxing anybody really. You know, I boxed Lewis Ortiz after 10 amateur fights and 10 pro fights and Dylan White and Ortiz back to back. So I don't have any fear of anybody but at this point in my career now I need to be I need to just make the most of it really and enjoy it and you know and all all fights are a possibility. Um I wouldn't shy away from anyone but at the same time I have a lot of respect for all these guys Richard included because they're very good fighters. So um we'll have to see what the future holds. Yourself a little bit of a pat on the back though. I mean absolutely brilliant uh win. So many people writ you off in the past. Have you got a message for for the the haters and the new fans? Yeah, I'm just out house shopping now. Actually, I'm house viewing. You'd not believe the house I'm looking at right now. They're detached. Yeah, they're detached. Yeah, there's none suite here. It's detached. There's even like some mad like I don't know. It's like a lamp post, but it's only small. There's two of them. It's weird. It's in the garden as well. So, yeah. Anyone Yeah, I'm happy really. Yeah. But uh but getting on sweet on that. So, but yeah, a lot of people supported me. A lot of people have supported me for a long time through a lot of disappointment as well. So, I'm very grateful just to be here. Still still competing, still still making a living from boxing, you know, and like Yeah. So, I'm over the moon really. I'm really happy and content and long may it continue. Long may it continue. Great to have you on, Dave. Uh go and go and make sure that the uh the taps are working and everything in the on suite. And uh unbelievable that they got lampost up there as well, Dave. No, no, it's a mud lamp post. I wish I could show you. Don't understand it. No, I don't cuz I've got Josh Kelly and Richard here, so I've got to let you go. But thanks for joining us and uh all the best for the future. Hopefully we'll see you soon in person. Thank you very much. Thank you.