Kind: captions Language: en Now, the issue is this. Now, to me, this isn't an issue. I know Dave said he's classless. It wasn't. It was emotion coming out. We saw Fraser Clark afterwards when he knocked his man out. Frustration because of what this young man's gone through through the last few months. He's been vilified. He's been chastised. Everything's gone to him. He shouted like, "I've done it." This is the moment. But you can't What's What's Grant Smith or any of of Cameron's team got to do with that frustration, Dave? What is it to say, you know what? I'm not washed up. I'm not rubbish. Everything you're saying for that, everything you're saying about me is complete rubbish and in your face. This is what I get that. Yeah, I I understand that. I understand when everybody's at you. He got booed into ring. I understand that he got booed when when he when he stopped the guy. I understand that. But you show your class not by going the first. It's human emotion, Dave. Dave, it's human emotion. Corner. It's human emotion. You get in there. All those people you want to name, put a name, a face to somebody who's been giving you anything. You know me how much of a good guy Grant Smith is. Such a good man, such a good team family. He don't deserve that. You know what? Straight after this how bad it was. If it was that bad, he went up, hugged him. He hugged Grant Smith afterwards because they said, "Look, it was just an outpour of emotion." He was almost in tears when his dad got in. His dad said, "Straight yourself up." This is how frustrated he was. He was the bike guy was almost in tears. It's human emotion. Yeah. And I think Andy Lee was sort of touching on that, wasn't he, when he spoke in the ring of just saying, you know, Ben has all week pretty much said that now he's been pretty good at filtering out all the noise over the last 6 months. But I think what Andy Lee sort of said there was it it's been really really tough. But I think that's kind of Johnny's point, Dave, is just saying that at that point it was amazing. and he's got the best man in the world to have looking after him to to show him how to behave and how to how to be as a character cuz Andy Lee is an unbelievably human being. So, he's he's in the right hands and and that moving forward is great. I get what you're saying. I understand about human emotions. I do understand that. But I just think he let himself down and and and and doesn't matter what he said to me. I think unfortunately unfortunately even after the win now again he's going to get criticized. is going to get. And the thing is, he's got the got the job done. I'm telling you, you Let's sit back. Look at this again. Look at it again and again. You watch his face. I pointed to to to Matt Mlin and Andy Clark and said, "Check him out." His dad like had a whisper in his ear. Calm down. The tears went big smile. Braggadocious all over again. Everything that's said and done is about a human being and it's hurt him. And this was human emotion coming out. And also, Callum, I mean, you fought in your hometown. Well, you're going to be fighting there again in June, Ben Whisper, experiencing booze in your home arena. That That's not easy as a fighter, I imagine, to deal with. Obviously, I've never been booed in in my life. And especially to get to get booed in your hometown when you're headlining, it's it says something about yourself. And I think for me, you know, he's everyone said he's being humbled or done that, but for me, he just shown his his true self there. And again, Grant Smith is a good good man, good family. He he don't deserve that. And I think bang out of order. And he don't I know Johnny's on about emotion. He has a lot of emotion, but we can say look this is afterwards that there there is a hug there. So it it does seem to be all right. But I I hear what you're saying Callum and Dave that in the moment you feel it was the wrong thing. I think he's I think for me it's very lucky Andy Lee in his corner. Very lucky. He spoke through luckily he spoke for him then and he took him over to Grant's corner to Liam's corner and I think he's lucky he's got a good role model like a fight game. Fighters will scream and shout. They'll cuss each other out before a fight. They'll bash each other in the ring and as soon as the bell's gone, it's over. And this was just the tip of it. Just as But let's talk about Liam Cameron. Lim Cameron went in there. He had the best opportunity he possibly could have and got himself in great shape. But but let's just remember Ben Whitaker did everything right and got the job done. That should have happened in the first place. And because he dropped the ball and thought I'm going to walk through him, that's what happened in Saudi. And so now he's saying, you know, it's better could have happened to me because it's better off it happening now than 19 parts down the line just before world title fight. Better he wakes up now. And because of what happened in Saudi, did we need to see that statement from Ben? This win wasn't enough. This young man was unhappy with a silver medal in the Olympics. Some people happy just to get in the Olympics. So we had to see that. And he he needed that for himself because th this guy has been under immense pressure. We know he's a talent, but the pressure is there. And you know what? He doesn't do himself any favor because his mouth gets in the way sometimes. But that's why we love him all over him. That's why he arenas out because people want to watch him fight. And what I will say is tonight was his biggest test of his career and and he he rose to that test. He rose to that challenge. So fair play and all credit well to him because it was an outstanding performance. It under the the intense pressure of that performance last time, everybody questioned him. But did he did he look for a way out? every the test was more of a mental test. It wasn't about the opponent because looking at the records, that's what he should have done in the first place. Now, the test will come along if he gets into the ring with this guy here next to me, Callum Simpson. That's when the test come along. Who will he get in with next? Someone like Dan Ziz, that's what they'll put in front of him. That's the test that this is the test about Ben, not about the opponent. I I imagine there's a real air of relief for Ben Whitaker this evening. Yeah, it would have thought so. Well, obviously he showed a lot of emotion there. obviously he's gone through a lot over the past few months whether it's his own doing or or whatever but yeah obviously massive relief for him there and again yeah like I said overall a decent performance so still getting caught with quite a few shots from Liam and could it have gone like the set that the first fight who knows but yeah fair play to him what next what next for Ben as I said I think the likes of someone like Janise be perfect or or another domestic dust up just to say you know what I'm top of the domestic tree he's got to put himself in there but as I Callum's a guy that stood next to me saying, "I'd do that. I'd step up. I'd get in with him there. If you want to talk about how good he possibly can be, let me get in with him." And so, and these are the kind of tests, but it's business. It's show business. Would that happen? I don't know. Would they take a path to, you know what, we want to get to the top. I don't know. But there are good domestic matchups that can be