Kind: captions Language: en So, the Fisher Allen rematch. We're hoping for less controversy this time on the result. Do you think we'll see a clear winner this time and will there be a knockout? I think the answer to the question is we'll definitely see a knockout. I do think we'll see some controversy. I do think we'll see a drama. I mean, these two guys are very well matched. The first fight, Johnny was controlling the fight. He got caught in the break. Very smart from Dave Allen. He got hurt. He showed tremendous heart. Fast forward a few rounds and then the controversy of who won. You know, a lot of people felt Dave Allen won the fight. Of course, there were people who thought Johnny Fischer won the fight. Whatever way you look at want to look at it, it was one point either way. Um, now we run it back. This time, not on the undercard of Fury at 6:00 p.m. in a half empty arena at the time, in front of a packed, as we now know it, Copper Bosch, which is 8,000 in East London and the whole of Johnny Fischer's fan base. And it's a real real good domestic heavyweight matchup. Do you think that the having the fan base at the Copper Bosch is going to really make the difference for Fischer? I think he thinks so. I mean, I would think it adds a lot of pressure, but he believes he's just more switched on, more focused there. I mean, last time he was there, he demolished Alan Babic in less than a minute. But Dave Allen's a different kind of character. Don't forget, Dave Allen now goes into this fight with so much confidence and belief. He thinks he can't be beat in this fight. There are demons for Johnny Fischer this time out. You know, it was a tough fight. It was a grueling fight, but is he going to learn from it? And is he going to prove improve as well? There is a lot at stake for both of them. Victory could lead to a title shot, but what next for the loser? I mean, for Johnny Fisher, do you want to wait for that or live? We'll go again. That'll be right up there. One of my moments. Good. When you're ready, yeah, I'll come straight off it. Sure. I mean, for Johnny Fischer, obviously, he's a a prospect really. He's undefeated. Um, but with high hopes. I mean, again, every time he fights, he draws these massive audiences, massive crowds. There'll be 8,000 in there on Saturday. Dave Allen's just had such an up and down career. He's now arguably found the form of his career, making more money than ever, and also thinking, hold on, I win this fight, I'm going to be in a massive heavyweight fight as well. So, I think for Johnny Fischer, it's the natural route to British and Commonwealth and European Championships and sold out arenas in London. And for Dave Allen, it's another roll of the dice in big heavyweight fights. Yeah, that's interesting. And what about So, we know Fraser Clark has said he's miles ahead of Johnny Fischer, but he would fight him. Do you think we could see a Fisher v. Clark fight happen? I mean, I think Fraser Clark's got a cheek literally. I excuse the pun from his last fight. I mean, I love Fraser, but at the end of the day, he just got demolished at, you know, at the time domestic level. Now, we'll see if Fabio Wardley is world level. Fraser is a good fighter, but right now, you know, there's no reason why he should be in line to fight the winner of this fight. Is it a good fight? Absolutely. But he's got to work his way back as well. You know, I think he had a good win recently as well. Fraser could be an option. You've got David Adlay against Jam TKV for the British title. That's a fantastic fight as well. And even the likes a little bit further on. Fabio Wardley fighting Justice Honey as well. um everyone queuing up for those big fights, but there's not many people at that level that put bums on seats like Johnny Fischer. And obviously from a promoter, normally you'd want to protect those guys, but unlucky for me, I got a guy that just wants to go to war, provide for the fans, and run the rematch back. So, it's it's very important for the career of Johnny Fisher that he comes through on Saturday. While we're talking about the heavyweight division, there's a lot of intrigue around Anthony Joshua. Do you still hope to see a Tyson Fury fight? Yeah, I mean I feel like Tyson Fury is a bit of a tease really, isn't he? I mean, all we see on Instagram is him even today, you know, I come out of a press conference, went on Instagram, he's there with his wraps on, 12 rounds of box. Why are you doing this to us? What are you doing? Are you just deliberately playing with our minds or are you coming back? Just let us know either way. Put us out of our misery. I mean, look, you know, AJ's got to have a little keyhole surgery on an elbow. He'll be back post September. It's there, isn't it? I mean, let's just make it happen. And when we talk about big fights, this fight is the biggest fight, not just in British boxing, in world boxing by a mile. And I just feel like it's time. You know, this is the moment. Um, we're reliant upon Tyson Fury. We're ready to go. But obviously, he's got to be comfortable. He's got to be up for it. He's he's a competitive so and so. And I just know in his mind he'll want to dance with Anthony Joshua. So, dust those shoes off and let's make it happen. 100% completely agreed. How long would it take for you to negotiate that if you think as we say Fury is up for it honestly one phone call like you know previously one had a belt you know one was the challenger one was unified uh me and Frank Warren never spoke you know me and Tyson Fury didn't get on kind of like that's all that ship sailed now and it really is one phone call just to say look he's here are the terms you're both not champions at the moment but you're both huge stars let's just get on with it and make it happen so that's why I feel like Now, you know, everything that's happened in the past, and I'm not saying, you know, it's anybody's fault. It's probably all of our faults in some way, but forget that we got the path now to make it happen. We saw with Ben Eubank how great these all British fights can be. I mean, that was just an unforgettable night. This one's twice the size. So, yeah, uh fingers crossed, but I'm I'm quietly confident. Speaking of Ben Eubank, do you think we're going to see Ben Eubank 2 at the Tottenham Hotsour Stadium in September? I do. I mean, according to his excellency, he kind of announced it on the night. You know, obviously, we're all very excited. I know September 27th back at Spurs is a is a date that he's put forward and proposed. We're ready really. I mean, we signed the contract for two fights. Um Connor's just desperate to run it back. You know, he feels like he's going to improve a lot going into that fight. His first fight in was it 14 15 months. His first fight 160 pounds. So, yeah. Look, they they provided us uh with just a night we'll never forget in so many ways. And both fighters deserve so much credit. We'd love to run it back. And just quickly going back to AJ, what next if it's we don't get Fury? Well, we got Dubois and Usyk on July 19th and and you know, if Daniel Dubois was to win the Undisputed Championship, I'm sure AJ would love a crack at that as well. So, Dubois, Fury, you know, maybe another fight with another contender. You see, Dillian White's m made his announcement he's coming back in June as well. I don't know. But, you know, I know that one thing on AJ's mind is is Tyson Fury, but it's kind of out of our hands. Understandable. What are your thoughts on Manny Pacquiao and receiving a world title shot despite being so long out of the ring? Absolute madness. I mean, you know, if you're ever talking about something to suit a belt or, you know, I mean, this is it. I mean, how can you let a guy who hasn't boxed for five years, I think he's 46 years old, um, he's not in the rankings. You've seen him in a couple of exhibitions a couple of years ago. Looked far past his best. And you know, probably about three years ago, they approached us about a Connor Ben fight. I mentioned it. Connor Ben had never really fought an elite world title operator. And I said, "We've been approached about a Manny Pacquiao fight to fight Connor Ben." I got absolutely ridiculed. So now, fast forward another three years, you've just put this guy in the rankings out of nowhere and now he's going to fight for a world title. It's, you know, there I say it's it's like exhibition stuff but for real world championships. And it just it doesn't for me it makes no sense. And speaking back going back to Ben, would you would you see a fight if with Manny Pacquiao if would would that be a possibility and would you be up for promoting it? I mean, right now after Connie Connor Ben's last performance, I'd say it would be very dangerous for Manny Pacquiao to go anywhere near him. If he all of a sudden came back and had a win against a world-class opponent, does that change things? Yeah, maybe. But one, he's not going to beat Marios Barios. And two, he shouldn't even be in the ring. So, you know, this is a dangerous game. And when you reach that age, you know, especially against someone as young and fresh and as dangerous as Connor Ben, it's just a bad idea. I mean, the guy's got more money than you could imagine. Just go and enjoy yourself. It's beautiful out in the Philippines. Find a lovely beach and just relax.