Kind: captions Language: en Good to see you, Ed. First off, let's start with AJ. Um, his Instagram message. Um, did it surprise you? It was quite bullshy. It was good to see like &gt;&gt; I love it. I love it. I like to see it. You know, I mean, AJ's always a guy that's kind of held his tongue. And I think now as he comes to, you know, the back end of his career, he's almost like, why not? You know, I want this fight. I want people to know that every time I get stopped in the street and people are asking me when you going to fight Tyson Fury when it ain't me. We want the fight. We're ready to go. We're ready to talk about it. Um but obviously look this isn't a goating to Tyson Fury. It's just stating facts. Do you want to make the biggest fight in boxing? And people still say to me, Bridgie, oh you always say it's the biggest fight in boxing. Tell me a bigger one. Tell me a bigger fight in boxing than Tyson Fury against Anthony Joshua. It doesn't exist. So, I think both guys having been out for so long are going to want a comeback fight of some sort. We expect that to happen for Anthony around January or February time. I can't speak on behalf of Tyson Fury, but I think if he was to fight Joshua, he would want to run out first. So, that's over to him if he even fights again. I mean, you know, but I think AJ right now, the good news is AJ is recovered, injuryfree, and ready to start training camp and has got bit between his teeth to get back in big fights in the heavyweight division. And you saw that, you know, by that that that post as well. It's quite unlike him, but he's fired up. He's obviously finished the session and goes, I want to get back in the ring and and we believe he's still got a lot to give. Do you think they're saying from Tyson Fury's side that okay, he's lost those Usyk fights that if he lost to Joshua, then that is legacy really damaged, isn't it? Does he think this is a bit of a risk? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm not really I'm not really a kind of legacy damaged kind of guy. I mean, ultimately, you take the fights and if you're good enough, you'll win, you win. And if you're not, you don't. So, I don't think you should worry about gambling on your legacy. You should. The legacy comes through giving people great fights and fighting anybody. Like the fact is is we probably could have well we definitely could have. We maybe should have swerved Usyk. This is AJ, right? He was called as AJ's mandatory. Everyone said to me, everyone said to AJ, "Don't fight Usyk. He's pound-forpound number one. He's he's unbeatable." Blah blah blah blah. I had the conversation with AJ went, I'm not going to vacate the belt. We want to get undisputed. I've got to beat this guy. Bought him, lost. Everyone said, "Don't rematch him." You know, you're not going to beat him in a rematch. Rematched him. Just like they said, don't rematch Andy Reeds as well straight after getting stopped. But the value of legacy comes from fighting anybody. And that's why another reason why AJ wants to fight Tyson Fury. I mean, personally, he wants to knock him out. But from a legacy perspective, the legacy is fighting everybody. AJ wants to be remembered as a guy that fought everybody. And if he can fight Tyson Fury, the only guy that he never boxed really in his whole era was Deontay Wilder. And we signed to fight Deontay Wilder. Unfortunately, he got beat by Joe Parker and and then we couldn't even we're supposed to announce that night. So that's really it's not just fighting and beating Tyson Fury. It's just giving the British public what they've wanted for so long and being the guy that is remembered as the guy that for everyone in his generation. So, you know, your question about Fury's legacy, you know, if you want to be critical of Fury's CV, it's very easy to do so. But at the same time, he's also a tremendous fighter. and let's find out who is the big, you know, the biggest name and the best Brit of that generation. Now you've got new fighters coming through, you know, but let's find out who is who is the best. And it would be it really would be, you know, a a real real shame if Tyson Fury and AJ never fought. I mean, people always say to me, would you have regrets? you know, and the answer is I don't really have many regrets, but I think we would always kick ourselves that we never saw that fight. &gt;&gt; I was I was going to ask you that because you've made some incredible fights over the years, &gt;&gt; but would that when I mean I know it's a long time away, but when you eventually retire and I hopefully for you that's 20 30 years time, you never know. &gt;&gt; Well, well, your dad's still around. I mean, &gt;&gt; yeah, exactly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Still doing pro tours with the darts. I mean, &gt;&gt; but would you look back and go, do you know what? I'm gutted that didn't happen. But I think so for you that that is that is a fight that you know, as I say, it's the biggest fight in boxing, but also it's a fight for Britain that would never be I mean, you can't even compare anything that we've done so far to that, you know, Froch Groves, AJ Klitschko, Ben Eubank. I mean, but this is just completely different. this shuts down the country. And and and for me, you know, I also think they're two two very different but just two great fighters, two great personalities, two completely different individuals. Um and and yeah, for me it's a must. &gt;&gt; Do you think Tyson's been a bit quiet lately? Have you thought about because he's usually quite vocal and social? &gt;&gt; Maybe. Maybe. You know, maybe with Tyson, quiet's not necessarily a bad thing. You know, maybe he's I mean, the good news is is obviously you see across his social media, he's training. You know, looks like he's running most days, which is great, which, you know, gives you hope that he's still got one eye on, you know, I think I think people around him feel like he'll return, but you never know. &gt;&gt; Um, how was that getting your view on other other fights? Fabio Wardley against Joe Parker. One you maybe keep an eye on maybe for AJ. But how do you see that one? That's an intriguing one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's a you know it's a huge jump up for Fabio Wley who by the way you know deserves a a massive amount of credit. I mean the guy's you know we all know the story is a bit boring now about the white collar background and no amateur experience but he has gone through the ranks. Um you know people say he was lucky against Justice Finny. I don't think you can ever be lucky when you knock someone out. But he was getting well beaten and was what four minutes, 5 minutes away from, you know, losing a lopsided decision. But he carries great power. You know, he knocked out Fraser Clark in a round. This is a different kind of step up against a guy with massive experience and massive form. Um, but Fabio has big kahones and he will he will be live in all fights because he's not afraid to let his hands go. I I do think, you know, I like Fabio a lot, but I always try and be honest in a lot of these analysis. I do think it's a step too far for him in the form that Joseph's in, but he's definitely live in the fight and I've said that before, you know, and he's come through. So, um, it's a good fight. Sometimes I don't think this will happen for Joe, but when you've been, you know, you've beaten Wilder, you've beaten Zang, you've beaten Boli, and you're sitting there at a shot against Alexander Usyk, and then you have to fight Fabio Wardley, sometimes that can take the mojo away a little bit. Do you know what I mean? And, and it can affect the preparation. I don't think that will happen with Joe. I think he's in great form, but, you know, it'll be an explosive fight. I don't think it'll it will go the distance, that's for sure. &gt;&gt; Your mate Frank Warren, he he's revealed that Daniel Dy is injured um and he didn't want to take the Parker fight. &gt;&gt; What's your thoughts on that? Cuz obviously there was things about Dubois with a party before. There just some things you hear sometimes. &gt;&gt; I think it's a bit soon. I think it's a bit quick, you know, for for Dubo. I mean, he's just got chin by us. um new trainer, a lot of um a lot of diff, you know, changes to his management, a bit of controversy around the parties and stuff like that. I just think sometimes I think right now the Joseph Parker choice for Daniel Dubois would be the worst choice because you see if you can hang in there with Dubois, you will beat him. That's my opinion. Right. And Joseph Parker was is the worst possible fight style-wise for Dubois. He has a good chin. He can punch a little bit. He's fit. He's strong. He's got a good engine. All of those things are a nightmare for Daniel Dubois. And actually, you know, when Dubois pulled out what 24 hours before the Parker fight previously and then got the Usyk fight, you know, maybe he would have lost to Parker that night that that weekend, you know. So this next again none of my business but the the next step for Daniel Dubois really important cuz if you get backto-back defeats sometimes everything can come crumbling down. So I I if I was Daniel Dubois and and Frank knows how to you know guide his career but I would be taking a little step down next and I'll be going in there trying to get the knockout win look great new trainer Tony Sims you know and get on a little bit of a run. He's a young man. He's still very very young in terms of you know heavyweight prime. &gt;&gt; Before I move on to your guys like I want to get you and Alexander Usyk you know how much does he still want it because obviously talk about an injury but he's very vocal in sort of dancing and having a bit of time off which he fully deserves. How much do you think he wants it going forward cuz he's &gt;&gt; I think he's a he's a true competitor. I mean I don't think he'll ever not want it. I mean this guy is a great example great role model to any young fighter. Um, you know, father time will get everybody at some point. It clearly hasn't got him yet, but you know, I I've said this be after I said this after the Dubois fight and but I got a bit of stick for it and I don't mean I don't want to get rid of him, but what a time to retire if you're Alexander Usyk. I mean, the guy has literally completed boxing in the cruiserweight division. He went to everybody's backyard to defeat them as champion or to unify. Then he stepped up to heavyweight, beat Azora, beat AJ twice, beat Dubois twice, beat Fury twice. He's the undisputed heavyweight world champion. What else is there to do? I mean, does a fight with Joseph Parker motivate you? If you're Alexander Usi, maybe because you want to carry on boxing, but I don't know. I think sometimes when you're talking about that kind of legacy, imagine just going to packing up and going, "Oh," and just, you know, looking out over your lake or whatever he's probably got, you know, in his nice mansion, just with every belt from the cruiserweight and heavyweight division, just sitting in your lounge and saying literally I completed boxing. I was unbeatable. And you know, legacy really only comes legacy really only comes after the fact. So, we will look back on on Alexander Usyk as a true great and he is he is a true true great &gt;&gt; and I'm sure like it it annoys you so much because he's not one of yours but you you you can't not dislike him, can you? You can't dislike the guy. &gt;&gt; No, he's great. But but you should you shouldn't dislike Alexander. You should respect him. You should honor him. And we should be thankful that we got someone like him because like I said, he's a true role model to young fighters. Um, Ben Eubank 2 is in a couple of months away. That's just going to fly by, isn't it? With with how busy you are. How excited are you for that again? Because Connor's Connor looks pumped again, doesn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so excited. I mean, we got the press conference coming this week on Wednesday um in London and that then it'll all get kicking off again. Um, just a massive fight. First one, one of the greatest fights we've ever seen in this country. Now we're back to the scene of the crime at Tottenham Hotspur. Um, Connor is very, very, very confident going into this fight. I mean, there was a few things, you know, number one was the inactivity that he had going into that first fight. Um, and number two was he kind of fought off emotion more than anything in that fight, which I think was a a big mistake. And this time he's just got to be a little bit more clinical in his work. You know, Eubank is getting older. There are miles on the clock. You know, he had a long recovery from that fight. It was a brutal battle and Connor's very, very confident that he can get him out of there inside the distance and it's going to be difficult because of the weight, but looking forward to another massive night at Tottenham. &gt;&gt; I know I know you've got that head off quickly, but just a couple of bits of wrapping up um while you're going. You got a great fight, haven't you, coming up over the next few days. &gt;&gt; Yeah, massive. I mean for Ireland I mean when you talk about legacy and making history this Saturday in Belfast with Lewis Crocker against Paddyy Donovan we have the first ever all Irish world title fight. You know to think of the great fighters of the past coming out of you know Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. None of them two Irish men have never fought for a world title. And on Saturday in front of 20,000 at Windsor Park Stadium this will happen. Belfast local boy Lewis Crocker against Limmerick's Patty Donovan and and you know more so we've had some great fights in Belfast with Carl Frampton and Ryan Bernette but respectfully they were bantamweights and super bantamweights. This is for the world welterweight title, right? This is a division synonymous with some of the biggest names in the sport, but more importantly now with the biggest names in boxing. You know, Ryan Garcia, Devin Haney, Tapimo Lopez, Connor Ben. You are going to change your life with victory on Saturday. So, yeah, it's going to be a wild, wild night in Belfast and uh really looking forward to it. Ed, &gt;&gt; thank you so much. Have a safe flight and I'll speak to you in a couple of weeks. Cheers, Bridgetie.