Kind: captions Language: en Well, thank you for having us down at the academy today. Max, great to see you and Ellie as well. As you both are really doing South London proud. Let's start with football from the outset. You actually have a very close relationship with Palace. The Scottie household is very much Palace through and through. That's right, isn't it? It is. Even growing up it was no other team but Palace. And I think if you're from South London, you know it's always going to be Palace. Let me ask you this. What's more dangerous to your health, Ellie, do you think? Supporting Crystal Palace or being a professional [laughter] boxer? You know the FA Cup final the last 10 minutes? Definitely that. Wow. It was the longest 10 minutes of my life and you know I've been boxing and it felt longer in that moment, so. When you lifted that FA Cup, must be one of the proudest moments of your career. If there was a key to winning that, what do you think it was winning that cup that day? I think it was the best day in my life, you know, football life, because everyone was against us. Like we play against City and the body have faith. And even some Palace fans they don't as we don't say it. Hey, ask her. She's right there. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't want to ask her about bets. No, she's right there. No, but it's I can understand because it's like David and Goliath, you know, it's wow, it's difficult. But I think the the mentality and the faith who was in this team was even higher and this is why we achieve such a big things. Can you talk to me about self-belief versus self-doubt? Is that fair that you can say like, yeah, I do wonder if I can do it? Just had a similar conversation outside and we said like, where do you you quiet in that self-doubt and I always draw back to faith. And I know that I've got that strength in me that comes from you know the Lord. So just having that to draw into is kind of what keeps me, you know, on that sort of dial and error. I think it's not even on in sports, you know, it's in life, you know. I think if you have self-confidence you can achieve big big things. But also to have confidence in the Lord, like you said, is even another power. I always feel like the person that's in that changing room when you go through that door and you feel it when that whistle goes, it's like the bell. And you just go into another space. But in terms of like reflecting on the pressure, how did it feel when you walked out Wembley in the FA Cup final? Um That must have been different. Yeah, this one was different because it's it was also for me my first final, you know. I could see in the in the eyes of my teammates and even the people around that everyone were ready for this game. When I came on the on the field and we were everyone like in front the the fans, it's like I said to myself, wow, it's beautiful. And after everyone knew what's happening after, so we won the trophy. So but I think for you, it's like also a different feeling because you're alone. You know, you go on on the ring and you're alone and I think it's different because it's you against him or her, you know. So I really respect you know this uh this desire and this this professionalism. You know, you've been in that cup final. This is Ellie's cup final on April 5th. What would your final piece of advice be to her? Well, I just want to to say to her that maybe she go alone on the ring but around her yeah, she have a lot of support and I think South London is really proud about what she do and we will support you of course and and we hope we can bring this uh this belt to South London. We bring everything, the trophy, the the belts. Wow, Ellie. How does that sound? No, it's what you want to hear and I feel like coming from South London, it it means something different and yeah, the blessings are everything.