Kind: captions Language: en This is Let Let mom come in quickly. I do not want to break this picture up. The Scottney family. This is part of the job now. You got so many belts that you have to hold. Say again. And then the dishes she washes. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I have to say this to you now. Congratulations. You are the youngest ever male or female undisputed champion from the UK in the four-belt era. I'm not sure the scorecards show how tough a fight that was. How deep did you have to dig to get that done? Andy, first and foremost, all glory, all honor to my Lord and Savior JESUS CHRIST. ONLY GOD, I'M TELLING YOU, ONLY GOD. Um day of resurrection well, but I can't tell you how much of a hard fight that was and I think the scorecards didn't give her justice, you know. She was non-stop from the first bell and when I tell you I had TO GO THROUGH SO many tests just to get in this ring today, only God pulled me through. Only God. Yeah, I'm sure. Today of all days to do it. I don't I don't know if you believe things like that are written. May I ask you, you prepare for a a fast pace, surely, but were you prepared for just how fast she was? Even the stance that she adopted coming out of the blocks was something I haven't seen before. &gt;&gt; Honestly, she was a school I fought hard. It's like when you're younger and you're getting chased, isn't it? You're thinking, "MOM, I'M SORRY. MOM, I'M SORRY." BUT, you know, all props, she was a real champion and that was my hardest test and I knew it was going to be and yeah, I gave everything everything tonight. May I bring your mom in? I mean, it must be a very proud moment. I mean, you going to have to hold some of the belts now, but to be here with all of the Scottney family, you must be very, very proud. Yeah, she's wonderful. She's a world unified world champion. You're everything. I just do it does it. You can't. Now, we're just going to start again next way up. &gt;&gt; queen of Catford. She's got that crown. We can have two, surely. So, this is your camera. So, I don't know if Jake Paul's watching, but I believe now he's got an expensive sort of addition that he has to pay on top of your purse now. So, he said, "If she wins, I'm going to have to buy her a car." So, your message to Jake Paul down that camera, what car is on order now? Hey Jake, where's the G Wagon at? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; May I ask, all jokes aside, to do that, incredible. You're still so young. Do you defend all of these or are there now greater challenges that you still want to achieve perhaps at heavier weights? Right now, I'm going to enjoy this moment, Andy, cuz I've waited a long time for it. So, I'm going to enjoy this moment, sit down with the team. I also want a big thank you to Shane McGuigan, Jake, Josh Pritchard, the whole team, CBS, my mom, the family goes on. Nikita, Jake Paul, Mike Leonardi, what you guys have done for me, I love you all. You're my team AND EVERYONE HERE, THANK YOU FOR COMING OUT. I APPRECIATE YOU ALL. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; YOU stole my last line there because it was going to be a word on the crowd. You know, MVP W01 wanted to come to London. Obviously, we've still got the next fight to come, but that atmosphere, I wonder if that is the best atmosphere that you have boxed in. Without a doubt. We have a maybe a round robin in my kitchen with all the siblings, but that matched it and this has been the best night of my life. So, again, all thanks to my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. He is risen. Undisputed champion of the world, Catford's Ellie Scottney. Well done. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause]