Kind: captions Language: en Ellie Scotney. The belts are on the table. I mean, you don't need &gt;&gt; missing one, but &gt;&gt; yeah. Well, you don't need me to sort of I don't know, overhype it, but that was I think as close as we've seen to punch perfect against Yamth Marcado at Madison Square Garden, Global Audience on Netflix. It doesn't really get much bigger. Does it get much better than that? &gt;&gt; Hey, Skywalk Studios isn't too bad either. Give yourself some credit. But yeah, it was a a real turning point in my career. And like I say, besides having 8 and a half hours sleep in four days, I'm over the moon. I've never felt more alive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, these are some of the steals from the fight. Yam Mardo, bonafide, brilliant world champion in her own right. This is not some sort of showcase gimme. She hadn't been beat in six years, I think it was. Did the fight go as you and Shane McGwigan had predicted? because there is always that danger with the eyes of the world on you against a fellow world champion that the pressure or the bright lights, you know, it could always have a factor, but it didn't seem to bother you or you seem to thrive under the the attention almost. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like you say, it was in Madison Square Garden and I messed around saying I felt like I was in my mom's back garden how calm I felt at times and yeah, it was everything came into play and I laughed at Shane afterwards cuz the game plan was to a tea and yeah, everything flowed and yeah, I just felt like it was just me in there that night. I want to give you the opportunity, but I don't want to upset you and I don't want people to think that we're trying to sort, you know, get emotion out of you, but that emotional postfight interview. You spoke so beautifully and brilliantly about your friend Georgia Cardonali, Georgia O'Connor that for people that hadn't followed the story, I think her father even walked you out on the night. Sadly, we lost Georgia um only a matter of weeks ago and you dedicated that performance to her. Um what an absolute mark of class of you to talk about her in that moment. But did you plan that? Did you want to use that moment to speak of her? &gt;&gt; From the minute, you know, I found out that Georgia was diagnosed with cancer. From the minute she passed, it was a real, it was testing point for all of us. And to have her parents there, to have her dad ring with me, I knew Georgia was watching on and I knew she was in that ring with me. So yeah, I just made sure that Madison Square Garden will remember Georgia O' Conor. And every chance I get, I speak of her name and yeah, it was so much more than me and her leg legacy will live on. Yeah, I think there is that saying that people only die when you stop talking about them and you made sure that people are still talking about her now. It was brilliant. Thank you so much for doing that. You say about the belts on the table just one more until undisputed. That road looks very clear now. So myelli Flores, you actually crossed with her at on Fight Week a couple of times. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, a couple of times. You know, she said, "Can we grab a photo?" So we had a photo together. See her afterwards. She called and I waved. I said, "Me, you next." So since then the photo's been deleted but the fight's going to be made &gt;&gt; and she's with MVP as well. Is that right? So realistically for Jake Paul and Nikkissa uh Bedarian it should &gt;&gt; being &gt;&gt; I say should boxing business it should make sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why don't why don't we use this opportunity? What camera can I give you? Five. This one in front of you. Do you want to give a a message to your promoters and my Rodriguez? Sorry my Flores. Can we get this fight done? &gt;&gt; First of all thank you MVP Nikisa Jake Paul for giving me the opportunity and the platform. second all. And yeah, there's one more belt to be collected. So, Flores, WBA champion.