Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? I trust you're all well. I hope you're all well. Um, so I'm here in front of a camera. Unfortunately, I'm not speaking to all of you people live. If you know my character, I'll much prefer to do that. But there's what I want and then there's reality. So this is the best way I could reach out to all of you far and wide, worldwide who were showing so much love, care, support through that tragic, traumatic time where we lost Latencina in Nigeria. Look, um the last time I spoke to you guys was in Miami. you know, we uh we had so many plans to wrap up 2025 and we were on a mission. We were on a mission. We went back home, went to see our families and uh everything just got flipped upside on its head and yeah, it's it's God's the best planner. We can't plan. we can plan to the best of our capabilities. But you know that was such an unforeseen circumstance that was out of all of our controls. And um not only did I not even want to talk about myself, not only did their parents, their uncles, their cousins, their friends, and myself lose like uh two great men. We lost people that we dearly care about and that have been like major players in all of our lives. Major major players in all of our lives. Um it's tough. It's really tough. Like I'm not going to sit here and show all of my emotions. I know in today's day and age it's easy to micro analyze people and you know pass judgment, but you know I know what I feel and that's all that matters to me. I know what my duty is. You know, they're my brothers. They're my friends first and foremost. Then we became business partners. We became hustlers. We became lieutenants. We became generals. We became everything. We became housemates. We were living together. Do you know what I mean? We Yeah. Uh so yeah, we uh yeah, it's a shame. It's a shame. But so there's that side of things and then uh what can I say? One day my time will come and I'm not scared either at all. It's actually comforting knowing I got two brothers on the other side. You know, I've lost people before, but I don't think I've lost people like that. My left and my right, you know, throughout this like journey that I've been on, you know, they've been It's not easy, but they've been I didn't even realize that I'm the big guy, you know what I mean? But I was walking with giants, man, that kept me protected, kept me shielded. But the mission must go on. I understand my duty. understand like what they wanted to do for their families. So what my goal is is to continue to help them achieve their goals. Even though they may not be here in the physical, when I pray at night, when I pray in the morning, I know spiritually they're going to aid me through because it's not just physical strength that will get me through. It's going to take a lot a lot of strength from the higher power. So, I'm going to definitely be saying my prayers and I'm going to help them fulfill their dreams for their families. Not only me, there's a whole team of us, a whole a whole brotherhood, a whole sisterhood that will be helping fulfill their legacy and fulfill their dreams. But I know in my corner of the world, I know what I'm going to be doing. And um I know what we're going to do to continue their I don't want to say legacy because I had a lot of those questions during my fight in Miami. How does this affect your legacy? Legacy. Legacy. It ain't about legacy. It's just doing what's right. And I know what I going to do, what's right for them. I know I got what I got to do. So, yeah, I'm going to do what's right by them. I'm going to do what's right by their family. It's about what's important to me. And they're very important players, very important team members, very important friends, and two of my brothers. So, yeah. Um, I don't think I mentioned the love and appreciation. Um, it's all acknowledged by me, by them, by their families. 100% we acknowledged uh the thousands and maybe going into millions around the world that showed so much love um to them both. I still can't get my head around like just my two friends. Yeah. How like how popular like that's mad to me cuz we just grew up like together. And then I'm like, "Wow, how did how, you know, cuz I've known them as my friends, but they built such uh strong characters over the years." Um, so they must have really spent time working on themselves and bettering themselves and becoming the men they were today. And I'm sure their parents 100% are proud of them cuz I am. So yeah. Um, I just want to say thank you. We heard. We saw the messages, the tweets, the social media, the YouTubes, the prayers. It's all been acknowledged. So yeah, we know what we're going to do. Mom, Mama Lats, Mama Cena, Papa Lats, Papa Cena, one love, you know, out here representing. This message is not only on behalf of me. This is on behalf of their families. We appreciate you so much. Thank you for the love worldwide. Continue. Don't let it stop. And for anyone out there that's lost a son, a brother, one love to you. But yeah, from us to you, we're sending that love straight back. And what more can I say?