Kind: captions Language: en Connor, thanks for this. How you feeling? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel great, mate. Um, feel ready to go. &gt;&gt; That was my second question. Are you ready to go? &gt;&gt; I'm always ready to go. Just give me six weeks. You know, I'm always there that or thereabouts in shape. Um, so yeah, ready to go whenever. I was back in the gym Monday after the April 26 show. I was back in the gym on the Monday. &gt;&gt; That's nearly three months. Three months ago. Wow. But what a night. What a night. You want You want it again, don't you? &gt;&gt; Do you know what? I'm glad we could deliver that level of entertainment to the supporters and the fans and the general public. Um, you know, I'm glad if I lived up to expectations and credit to Chris um in bringing that out of me because it takes it's not just one, it takes two to tango, you know, and we we put a good show for the fans. &gt;&gt; When you got in the ring though, did you think, "Oh, Aloe, this is this is massive." &gt;&gt; No, not really. You visualize it, you I'm in the fight day in day out in my head for 12 weeks. So, I'm there in my head. I've seen it. I visualized it. When I got to the the stadium, I was in my element. I was ready to go. &gt;&gt; How disappointed are you with what's happening? &gt;&gt; Uh do you know what? It is disappointing because as a professional, you you got to be ready to go whenever. But we knew uh that September 20th was the day. Um, you know, you got to remember Tokashik announced it in the ring straight after the fight. How can you not be ready to go within 5 month period? It's been 3 months since the fight. So for me, it's just I've stayed in the gym. I've stayed ready. I was ready. I was ready to go in July, August, you know, so September. I'm ready to go. &gt;&gt; You lost a bit of respect there because you feel like it was a two fight. &gt;&gt; I would I would say there's there's been a lot of respect anyway. Uh, personally, I don't like him. Um, you know, he thought I was going to be an easy touch, which is why he fought a welterweight. Um, so is there much respect there? Not really. But, you know, ultimately, you know, I'm really to honor my side of the agreement, which was the two-fire deal. And it's safe to say he's scared. You know, he he almost lost. Could have gone either way to a wel away. &gt;&gt; Do you think your performance cuz he did say it surprised him has put him off? &gt;&gt; Uh, probably. I would say so. I'd think his arrogance um wouldn't let him think that I would give him a hard fight given the size difference. Um but that was the best Eubank in there. You know, you got remember he made 160 for the first Smith fight, the second Smith fight. He didn't make no excuses due to weight when he lost and got knocked out by Smith. Um you know, so it's he pushed that narrative well regarding the weight. Well done. Well done you. I get it. That's fine. cover your ass. And you know, it's not a weight thing now. He's just not ready. He's not prepared. He's not stayed in the gym. He's too busy playing poker and and celebrating in in Vegas. &gt;&gt; But for you, this was two fights because for you, you've you've proved you've gone up big levels. You've shown it. Everyone loved it. In your head, it was two fights. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, I definitely want redemption. I felt like I I still didn't watch the fight back, but based on what I'm hearing, based on how I felt the fight could have gone either way, so I'm not going to moan about that. Um, it was too close for my liking anyway. Whether I did get the win, it was too close for my liking when I genuinely thought I would get him out of there within four rounds. That was my genuine belief. So, for me, it really does feel like redemption has been taken away. But I'm also very excited to drop back down to 147 and and pursue my legacy there. &gt;&gt; Hang on. You've not watched the fight back yet? I still haven't watched fight back yet. No, lot lot to watch on TV. &gt;&gt; Do you know what it is? Do you know what it is? You prepare for 12 weeks to do this one thing to do execute the game plan. So, you got 36 minutes to get it right with 12 weeks of preparation. When you don't do that, you sort of, you know, you're going to beat yourself up over it. So, I've thought, you know what, let me have the summer with me and my family, relax, and um watch the fight back when I have to, which is when I have to study, sit down with a team and and break it down. &gt;&gt; But there is a lot made of the weight, though. But you do need to know because it was seep if it was September the 20th, that is just over 8 weeks. You need to be prepared for it, don't you? &gt;&gt; In my head, the fight's done. &gt;&gt; In my head, the fight's done. You know, I'm ready to move on and and tackle the 147 division where I'm at my most dangerous. the all my clinical knockouts to come at 147. I feel like that is my weight. Um, did I enjoy the thrill, excitement, and challenge of jumping up to middleweight? Yeah, I did. And I think I I held a good account on myself. Um, but when you got the likes of Shakur, Devin Haney, Ryan Garcia, Roly Romero, um, Barios calling my name, I welcome them, you know, open arms at 147. You know, I believe that I believe I'd stop most of them there. &gt;&gt; Hypothetically, what if you got a call in a few days and said, "Look, let's do it in October. Let's do it in November." &gt;&gt; I'm not wait I'm not waiting to run. I feel like my career sort of been on hold to give the fans this fight. And I'm glad that the fight delivered, but now I got to just tick their box off on my personal goals, which is winning a WBC world title. &gt;&gt; And do you feel you're ready for those big title fights? I know Shakur's called you out. You even shook his hand, didn't you? So, &gt;&gt; he's a he's a nice guy, you know. I I respect him as a fighter. I think he's a great fighter. Um I believe he will be buying off more than he can chew in stepping up to 147. Um obviously I've noticed I've done it. I thought 154 I thought 16 there is a not noticeable difference moving up in weight and I feel like it'd be too much for him. &gt;&gt; What's dad's opinion on this? Is he saying look son just just go and do I I know I know he I know he does let you do your own thing but he's still got an opinion. &gt;&gt; I let my team handle everything. You know my team I got the best team in the world. um who remove all the politics, remove all the stress, all the media from me and enable me to just train, which is why I've developed so much over the years, which is why I'm fully able to just focus on my job, which is going in there and ironing some geyser out. That's my job. Everything else is taken care of. So, whoever's next, let's have it. I'm I couldn't care less. Whoever's next can get it or 147. Um it's either 147 for me or the rematch. I'm not a 154. I'm not going to wait around. I'm gonna pursue my goals at 147. &gt;&gt; It was a bit like WWE that night when Senior came out, but I I think he genuinely cares for you. &gt;&gt; He does. Yeah. Senior cares for me in hospital when me and you were both in hospital together. Senior and um my dad as well. Uh senior came up to my bed and and just held my hand and you could see he was upset that we had this hard fight. you could see that he he just cared about about me. Do you know what I mean? As as a human, not as the fighter. Um, and it's a mad one because it was really weird because I'm there with Senior, but then in the same breath, you got my dad standing there and then Junior's in the It was just really, it was a real surreal moment, but I know Senior's got nothing but love for me and um, he cares about us fighters. He's talking through experience and what he's been through. He doesn't want us fighters to experience. Are you proud of yourself? If it doesn't happen, you think it's not. Are you proud of yourself? Not Not just the fight itself, but the fight week in general. It was an unbelievable fight week. Listen, nobody likes to lose. Um especially when I felt like I didn't lose. Um in fact, I felt like I've won. Um I think a lot of people think it was going to be very one-sided. Um, and it's a hard one because nobody I don't like to lose. I felt like I was going to go in there and and knock him out early doors. Um, aggression got to me that night. Heart got to me that night. Emotion got to me that night, you know. So, I'm proud that I give the the the fans the fight they wanted. I'd rather lose an exciting fight than win a boring fight. But do undefeated records matter anymore? D Daniel Dubar lost to Joe Joyce. He could be undisputed champion on Saturday night. &gt;&gt; I don't think I don't think he lost his matter in boxing. I'm not It's not uh a matter of oh I've lost now that's it. You know Mayweather sort of started that trend where you can't lose. There's only there's only one Mayweather. Do you I mean as much as he is who he is he he changed the game in that in that respect. But the losing matter is if you want to fight the best and you want to rise to the challenges, some days it's your night, some days it's not your night. It's not the end of the world. You know, I jumped up to 160. I chased greatness and and and gave the best fight I possibly could. Um, and it's life. Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn. &gt;&gt; I thought you'd be more angry than this. You're actually really You're all right. You're relaxed. &gt;&gt; I'm all right. &gt;&gt; No, you're great. I mean, in a sense, I thought you'd be angry. No, I'm only like that. I mean, don't get me wrong, if Junior was sitting there, you get a different energy, but but he ain't. You know, at the end of the day, it's it's my job to be the fighter I am. I love to fight. You know, it takes me two seconds to switch it on, but most of the time, I'm I'm actually very soft and relaxed and chilled.