Kind: captions Language: en How you dealing with all of this, Connor? I mean, it's great to see you. It's been a long time coming. That's probably the biggest uh you know, stupidest thing I've said. Long time coming. How are you dealing with all of this? I wonder if there's even more scrutiny intensity on you this time around. Uh I mean, it's good to be back first of especially at home. That's, you know, it feels like the homecoming. Um you know, it's just a massive blessing for me to to be back on on these shores. Yeah. Does it dawn on you because I know you did your camp abroad. That's great. You got that degree of separation. Now you've come back into the the eye of the storm I reckon. I mean it's bigger this time round. I think that's that's fair to say. Um is that have you realized you know the amount of people that are talking about it? The amount of people that have got opinions on it. Ultimately I'm a fire. It's what I do. You know this is this is what I work hard for. You know it's it's not just been a you know six month thing or a 12week thing. It's been a a 10 year thing of you know working hard to get to this stage that I'm at now. um you know so it's a blessing to be able to give the the British public this fight. Can you even begin to prepare for Ben Eubank though? I mean this isn't unlike anything else. I mean I've said it a million times. British boxing's biggest rivalry. Um I know how much you you want to find peace on Saturday night in the result. I find peace regardless. I've done everything I can in my power possible to get the stoppage. I prepared so hard. I've I've I've done everything I possibly can, you know, me and my team, separating myself and and making sacrifices from my familiarities back home. Um and you know, having a team there just to fully focus on one outcome for 12 weeks about a team of eight people fully focused and fully working towards one goal, one outcome and that's it for the past 12 weeks. I've had the fight 100 times over in my head. Anyway, can I ask you a question that I don't know, it might poke you a little bit, but it comes from a genuine place. Talk about the teaming a dad is just such a terrific influence and I mean, talk about you can go to the one man that knows how to be, you know, cope with a big situation, but how do you make sure on that ring walk and then just before that moment when if you could bottle that up when the ring empties out, it's just you and him that your head doesn't fall off that you don't lose concentration in that one moment. But I that makes my heart skip a beat when I think about the sheer amount of pressure in that one moment. How do you make sure that you're the one that keeps it together? That it's not you that Well, I mean, that's why you getting in the ring, though. Do you know what I mean? So, you know, you go, how do you how have you done that for 23 fights? You can't rationalize that. The whole point is you can't understand. Well, I wouldn't expect you to go in there and understand what it's like for someone to try and render you unconscious. I you is Christian Bun with it. Listen, I I treat every fight personally. Every fight's personal to me. Um you know, there's nothing more scare more fearful and and more scary for a young kid at the a kid at the age of 19 to to leave his family in Australia to come to Britain with no amateur background and walk out to 20,000. There's nothing more scary than that. I promise you that right now. Yeah. Well, I think back to the debut in those early days of you dancing your dad and it was so fun. That's why I know that I know there was risk and I know like you could lose at any point. I knew that. But just because of the way that this this fight has gone, you know, it's bigger than I think a lot of people could have imagined the other. I mean, I'm built for this. I do this I do this every day. I live this every day for the past 10 years. I'm built for this. It's just it's not like it's who I am, you know? I don't just wake up one morning and go, "Oh, I'm going to be a fighter." You know, I fight. I'm a fighter through and through in life in in everything I do. Of course, it's going to be, you know, a surreal experience, but just take it all in. Enjoy it. Live it. You've worked hard for this. You've earned this. You know, you've done all the hard work in the gym. You've left no stone unturned. So, what have I got to worry about? Almost embrace it. I suppose you What have I got to worry about? I'm going in there to have a fight to you. That may sound daunting. I'm I'm just going in. I'm just going in there to have a fight. That's it. That's all. Going in there, have a little tear up. We're done. I suppose the difference, you know, I don't I don't I don't I don't uh We're modern day gladiators. I'm not I'm not wired the way you're wired, you know. I wouldn't even I wouldn't even know where to start to asking someone questions. No, genuinely, I wouldn't I wouldn't even know where to start, you know. You know, so that's why everyone is good at what they do, you know. I'm good at fighting. Yeah. I suppose the one sort of dynamic that I'll keep going back to is that um that it's Eubank because everything that we've done in this buildup, everything you did in the buildup for the first fight, everything that the fathers did, it is different. I think it does feel different. You know, I know you talk like just another fight, a ring, it's always going to be a ring, but because it's him of all people. Well, let us answer your question. The only thing I asked for in my contract was an 18t ring. So let that just ease your mind in how I'm feeling. I reckon I I don't want to say as as if I know all but we do know what we've seen from you. We know how intense you can be uh dangerous early in the fight. That Vargas fight I wonder if the way you exploded with Vargas that time. Is that the sort of fight that you might predict that you could launch at him, jump on him? Would you be confident enough to even say that? What do you mean? Like that that would be the best way to to get to him or do you not really want to give stuff? I don't I don't I don't It ain't going to change the outcome. He ain't going to be ready for what's coming anyway. So you want to sit here and go, what are you coming in there to steamroll and call him? You think I'm coming in there to to muck about? You don't get paid for overtime. So when I come in there, it's not a matter of, oh, let's, you know, let's have a little move around and sit and let's come come meet me in the middle then. Is that how it has to be for you as well? No, it's not. It's how I have it all my fights. That is true. I don't I don't just go, "Oh, it's you, Bang." I I That's just how I am. It's not like, "Oh, cuz it's you, Bang. Vargas, come meet me in the ring then." Any any look at all my whole career, you know? Look at look at the meaningful fights, you know. I'll meet and bang in the middle. You want to you want to have a speed contest, let's run it. You want to have a a reaction contest, let's run it. You want to have a um you know who's got sharper reactions, let's run it. Power, run it. Any any of them. Any any of the the attributes. Let's let's let's do it then. Do you know what I mean? That that's the way I am with everybody. Not just cuz it's Eubank. Think you're faster than me, C, prove it. Think you're stronger than me, prove it. Think you're smarter than me, prove it. And I'm willing to to have them questions. If you are faster than me, cool. No problem. Let's see if you're smarter than me. If you ain't smarter than me, cool. Let's slug it out then. See see who's got more balls. Let's see who's got more heart. And that's my sort of mentality going into any any fight and every fight. You know, if I'm jumping up to 160 for this fight, I will be going back down to 147 to win the world title after this fight. But for me, I don't I don't I don't I don't He's a man. If I look at him on If I look at him on road and go, you know, oh, he's he's a bit too big. I I just don't I'm not wired that way. I look at him and go, oh, you're too big. Or, oh, you know, it's a fight and once I get my hands on you, I'll get my hands on you. We can almost like ride that out then, can't we? Like Connor Ben, I thought I said like write out Connor Ben on points, but in terms of getting on the back foot, you can write, but it can go points. It can go points. People want to just talk about my power. I bet my last two fights going 12 rounds easy but easy like my then fight before that 10 rounds easy you know there's not enough credit put on my boxing ability or or you know my engine or my work rate I make the fights look easy on my worst day going through cases you know so it's it's you know I'm not concerned in any slice of it going distance knockout obviously I'll be gunning for the knockout but you get beaten for 12 no That's where it comes down to. All right, cool. You want to test the power? You want to test the the boxing brain? You want to go, you know, test the cardio. Well, let's test it all. See who comes out on top. Stuff's been said and stuff has happened and stuff's been thrown in the buildup. Has that added anything to it for you? You know, I think the egg was a big flash point, but I get the impression like it hasn't really lingered as a talking point. You maybe moved through it. You expecting anything similar this week? No, no, not expecting anything similar this week. Um, I'm not even in that sort of frame of mind anyway. Like like it it's done now. It's done. You know, every everything's done. I'm not really sitting there going, "Oh, uh, you know, the egg slap was well done. Well done." Pound the back. If I could get my hands on him in the moment, yeah, of course, I would have got my hands on him, but not not now. Like, it's gone way past. I don't think Don't think about that. Do you spend any time thinking about him or how he acts? I saw Eddie Hearn say yesterday like Eddie Hearn's straight reaction was he's got some weight to lose. What did you see when you you saw him in that brief face to face yesterday? I think he looks in great condition. I think he he works extremely hard. I think he's not taking me lightly. I think he's um his career's on the line and when a man's career is on the line makes him dangerous. And do you want to squash that anyway? Because the one thing surely you want at the end of this is people say for you to say I beat the best you the best that he could be. Listen, I don't really care what people think, man. Sitting here going, "Well, people have a lot to say." You know, some people say he was his best, some people say he was his worst day. Some people say this, some people say I couldn't I couldn't care less. Ultimately, I'm beating who I got to beat on the night. That's it. Whether he's at his best or he's not at his best, I couldn't care less. I've prepared for the best. Have you thought about what you will say after as well? That be my last question to you. Who wants smoker 160? Dish it out. No problem. Cano come. See your 168, man. No. Job back down. I won't be doing that. Will you have Will you have a message for any doubts or anything like that though? Or you just I don't know. I don't know. I really given the past two years really don't really care what um listen I go in there and I fight. You enjoy it. You enjoy it. That's it. If you want to watch me fight, get watch me get knocked out, no problem. You want to watch me win, no problem. I'm happy regardless. I love what I do and no one's going to take that away from me. Win, you know, winning is just is a is a product of um hard work. Yeah. What do they say? If you love your job, you'll never work a day in your life. So, I mean, I do question my love for this ball when I'm up at like 5 in the morning. Yeah, that definitely. Sometimes I sit down and I think about it like, God, this is hard work this. Yeah, but I love it. Love it. Lovely to talk to you. Wish you all the best on Saturday. Go well. Can't see it.