Kind: captions Language: en an exclusive for you is that um the WBO about a month ago put out that the uh that um Joe Parker, who's their interim champion, um is has to challenge against Usyk and Usyk has to defend against him. He's put a letter into yesterday stating so I found out today stating that he's asked him for an extension period because he's injured before being ordered to do anything. But whatever happens, the fact of life is is that Joe Parker will either fight as champion if Usyk vacates the title or he will fight Usyk for uh for the title. So, it's exciting times. If Moses were to win or or or even if Dillian wins, whoever wins that fight, they're in the one spot. And uh if uh if if if the fight doesn't happen with Usyk and Joe, then Joe will have to fight the the official number one contender. &gt;&gt; Gosh. So that should be really fascinating, shouldn't it? That thank you for that little bit of exclusive there. Um so you just telling us there in that exclusive that Usyk's got an injury at the moment then. That's what he's coping with at the moment. &gt;&gt; His camp have written to the asked him for a period of time to uh uh before they have to defend the title. So, we we we will see what happens and and uh the WBO, I believe, are going to put some sort of statement out either today or tomorrow on this. So, I've been sort of um informally told what the position is. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury, let's talk about him then. Of course, we were talking about his return to the ring, but it was about a wedding ring, wasn't it, that he was focusing on marrying Paris for a third time in France or renewing their vows. That was a nice thing for them to do, but it was dramatic, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; It was. I mean obviously it was a lovely moment for them and for their family their children for to him to do that both of them to do that but they had a bit of a problem on the way home with a plane which had a developed a problem and they had to turn back I think after they were about 100 miles out of the uh out of the airport so that was a bit of a wobbly moment for them but uh thankfully uh it was they they they landed safe and sound. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that is good news. Um is he going to come back to the ring do you think? Uh look, I don't push him on anything. He said he want wanted to and I won't push him on it. You know, at the end of the day, he's a grown man. He's, you know, he's he's he's been around a long time. It's it's got to be his choice and he's got the desire to do it. He's a very very wealthy guy. He's made a lot of money, some serious money. He doesn't need to fight for, you know, for money. I mean, obviously he would want to get paid if he fights, but he doesn't need it's not a desperate need that he's, you know, he's skint or anything. He's very well center but he has that he is a fighting man and he has that desire that urge to fight and he says that he wants to do it but as I say if he does it won't be until next year and it'll be on his terms. &gt;&gt; Frank does boxing need a Tyson Fury do you think? Does it miss him more than he misses it if you see what I mean? &gt;&gt; I think it's a bit of both. I miss him because it's always a bit of fun. Yeah. you know, you're you know, sometimes people may get a bit bit annoyed over things, but most of the time he he's entertaining. You know, things happen and and everybody loves or maybe hates sometimes characters in in various sports, but one thing for sure, if if Tyson Fury's in the house, you know, he's there and you know something's going going to happen. And and more importantly, he's a bloody good fighter. He had he's had two marvelous magnificent fights with us. very close fights and a great trilogy of fights between him and Deontay Wilder. I mean, superb fights. I mean, really great heavyweight fights and he is, you know, for me, I miss watching him in the ring, but if he's retired and he's happy to be retired, God bless him and I wish him the best for that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would agree with that. Um, what about Anthony Joshua? You know, he's yet to confirm his plans, isn't he? He has been linked with Jake Paul. Some people want to see that fight, some people don't. and a fight against a fellow Olympic gold medalist Tony Joker. What do you think he'll do and what do you think he should do? Frank, &gt;&gt; what do I think he should do? Um, well, first of all, there is talk of both those fights, but I think the fight that's taking uh priority certainly in his mind and you know, I'm not I'm not I don't look after him. I look after Tony Yo could just excuse me sign with us. Yeah, we'd like that fight, but I think the preference for AJ is for him to fight Jake Paul because it's a huge huge money fight. It's a crossover fight between uh you know, obviously uh uh what we say a YouTuber, although he's a professional boxer now and has been boxing professionally for a while now. It's a big step up for Jake Paul. Um and that seems to be the direction that it's going in. And as to what he should do, look, he's the guy getting in the ring. He's the guy taking the punches. That's got to be his choice. &gt;&gt; Frank, is it the right direction that it's going in when you said that there in terms of boxing? &gt;&gt; I think boxing's on such a high at the moment. I mean, you know, it's it's it's flying. We're having some great fights. You know, the British scene is is is magnificent, certainly in the heavyweight the heavyweight division. Um it's it's there's some there's been some brilliant fights, some brilliant cards. Uh the Riyad's become the world capital of boxing which has been great. The Riad season fights, some fabulous fights in America. It's really lively. It's a lively situation and you know, whatever brings eyeballs to the sport is good. I mean, but I don't like I obviously don't want to be seeing freak shows and things like that, but people complain about um Jake Paul. When's he going to fight somebody? You got to take your hat off to him that he's willing to step up and get in with a former twotime world champion who's not an old guy. You know, he's he's he's he's a s I think maybe even a year younger than Tyson. Um it's, you know, it'll be a defining moment for him to see what he's all about. I mean, I've got my opinion who I think will win the fight, but if it happens, but you know, people will buy into it and and whatever way anyone wants to look at it, it will it will be it will be a a fight that will grab everybody's attention for right reasons and wrong reasons, but the fact is they'll watch it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you're right. Just finally, obviously, the fight that everyone wanted to see was always Anthony Joshua against Tyson Fury. Do you think we're ever going to see that? Yes. &gt;&gt; Well, there's, you know, I mean, I know I mean, I can't go into detail. There has been a lot of talks about that for a long time and it it hoted up again recently. And it's all about if this fight happens with with uh AJ, for example, if he fights against Jake Paul and he comes through that fight and if Tyson has a fight, who knows? They will get it on. But it's a fight that has not happened and should have happened. Is it too late to happen? I think there's tremendous interest in the fight because, you know, you brought it up yourself and every time we talk about Tyson and AJ, that subject always comes up. When they gonna get in the ring together, I can I can providing Tyson wants to carry on, I can see that fight happening. &gt;&gt; Will you make it happen, Frank? &gt;&gt; Can I make it happen? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, it's up to the two fighters to make it happen. You know, it's it's really really up to them. And if they both want it and the terms are right for both of them, it will definitely happen. But, you know, we can, nobody's going to force them into it. These are not two young guys. These are two guys who've been around the block. They're both multi- multi uh multi-heavyweight world champions. They've won won it at different stages. And you can imagine if that was on, I think that's that's going to be something that's going to be huge.