Kind: captions Language: en Obviously your big news is this new deal with with Zu for boxing. So well can I ask you know what does this what does this mean for your career? Oh, it means, you know, career is heading in in the same direction. Uh, which is world tile by the end of the year, God willing. And, you know, just just mega fights. That's the plan. Give the give the supporters, the fans what they want. Um, come over here. All the belts are over here in America. So, uh, majority of them are anyway. So, it's, uh, yeah, I'm excited to go over it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, speaking of world titles and mega fights, you've been watching Ryan Garcia win the WBC belt. Uh, look, is he Yeah. What do you think of he of him? Is he your is he your top target or one of your top target? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. I mean, listen, hopefully we can have him next in September. Um, you know, I watched the fight with Barios. Obviously, I'm number one contender um mandatory for for the belt. So, ultimately, was I impressed? I can't say I was impressed. Um, he done what he needed to do with a guy who's just coming off two draws. Um, and, you know, come very one-dimensional. Uh, quite slow. It weren't really weren't really in the fight, you know. Um, I was impressed with Garcia's engine though. I was impressed with um the fact he's managed to pull himself together and win a world title. I'm happy for him. Um, extremely happy for him to pull himself out of the dark hole that he was in to now claim the throne. Um, but ultimately I believe I am no barriius and and think I'd I'd give him give him helman there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So is he is that the sort of perfect fight because you obviously fancy the job, but he's a he's a massive name globally. &gt;&gt; He's there for the taking. Uh, you know, I watched that fight and he looked he looked good against Barios, but I, as I said, I'm I'm not no Barios. I think my speed, uh my agility, my explosiveness, my unorthodox style and and power would cause him a lot of problems, you know. So, uh it'd be an exciting fight for sure. I definitely don't see that fight going points by any measure. I I just don't. Uh but listen, he's a great fighter. Um I think the 147 division at the moment is is doing wonders. Um and there's great fights to be made. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Now, do you think he won't be able to box until September? And would you be looking to box before that? Can you say much about the plan? &gt;&gt; Depends. It depends whether he's out partying or not. [laughter] You know, for me, I'd like to be out um you know, as soon as possible, really. Um and yeah, I'd like to be out as soon as possible. So, whenever the first date presents itself, um no doubt I jump for the opportunity. I'm always in the gym. I'm always ready. All I need is a few weeks and and I'm ready to go. So, you know, um I think it'll be smart to have a run out before September. Um if it is September, um I would like to get out two, three times this year. So, you know, we'll just we'll just wait and see. Ultimately, I do my job. I stay ready. Um and it's the team's job to make sure that the fights get made and materialize. Um and I know we've got big plans um for me to to take the world by storm. &gt;&gt; Excellent. And who else outside of Gossier is appealing to you? Roly Romero, I mean Shaka Stevenson, you fed your &gt;&gt; Roly Romero, Shakur Haney. Um, you know, I really want won want a piece of the American pie, you know. So, um, you know, for me it's like, let me get over here. Let me um establish myself here. You know, my dad come over and won the World Title. I'd love to come here in Vegas. It was it was thriving. It was a it was a great night and I got plenty of love over here. Um, I'm always overwhelmed by the support and and love from the the public here in America. You know, I have a a true fighting style. Um, if [snorts] you want to watch a fight, you watch a Conor Ben fight. If you want to be entertained, watch Connor Ben fight. Um, and ultimately, I feel like I want to come over here and and win the world title. Would mean a lot to me to come here, you know, like um Dawn Smith. Well, you know, just for him to come over into their territory and capture the belt. &gt;&gt; Well, because I was going to ask with someone like Shako Stevenson, would that have to be on your terms, you know, at your welterweight, maybe in the UK, but it sounds like you're not, it doesn't necessarily have to be in the UK. &gt;&gt; Listen, it whatever my supporters want, some of the supporters want you want a trip away, no problem. We can do that. if you want it, a stadium or the O2 in London. I've still not headlined the O2, which is something I really want to do. Um, by the way, because it was where I had my debut and for me it's it's um I still haven't done it yet. I wanted to take it off and Roly would have been the guy for that. Um, but you know, wherever the public want it to be, it will be. Um, wherever it's in demand, it will be. You know, I'm a servant of the public and I want to give the supporters the biggest and the best fights possible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And obviously fighting in America, fighting in Las Vegas is special, but also &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, we love in away. But also fighting the UK, the atmosphere is something else. If you've experienced, you know, before and most, you know, your last two stadium fights, &gt;&gt; most people don't get to experience that in that sort of feeling in their whole lives. So for me, you know, those two nights, you know, priest fights would be the most memorable because it's a reminder to me of how far I come in terms of I mean, I've known you for years. Um, &gt;&gt; I'm afraid so. &gt;&gt; I've known you for years. I've known you from from the get-go, you know. So, for me to be &gt;&gt; like I was at your debut and I would not have thought the way you boxed in your last fight that you would have been able to do anything like from what we saw in your your early days. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, ultimately that's testament to just hard work, the the my my intimate team that I have who have been with me from the off. Um, and and now it's got to the stage now where I just want to make the biggest fights possible. You know, I'm not here for a long time. I'm here for a good time. And I just want to make sure that, you know, I maximize these moments. I ride this wave and ultimately being where I am today is a blessing and I'm just excited to make the big fights happen. I want I want many a night like the Eubank fights and there's only few fights that do that. Now, are there now this is is there like a wild fight as in I think you you've been you've spoken about fighting Manny Pacquiao before. It's been spoken about Floyd Mayweather has announced that he's coming back to proper boxing. Is there a out there fight or is it a stretch to think that a super &gt;&gt; fight? &gt;&gt; An out there fight. Yeah, about to say Jake Paul that would be an out there fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you consider it. Uh would I consider I've got plenty of things I want to do and achieve in boxing before that like the world title. Um like these big mega fights um you know Shakur mega fight Haney big fight um Garcia mega fight um ch it makes me laugh so it just come into my head because I'm just like call out all these Americans you know I have beef with all these Americans and then um I come over here you expect it to be a little bit hostile wouldn't you? Um but not in the slightest. I think every event I've turned up to is has been nothing but love and I love the the support of them, the Americans, uh, the Latinos specifically, um, who who show me nothing but love. But I with my heart on my sleeve and, you know, I feel like that's part of the culture there. It's like the national sport there in in South America. So, um, you you'd think that, sorry, it just crossed my head, but the wild card would be a uh a Jake Paul or a um a Logan Paul. That would be a wild uh something out there. That would be absolutely wild. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but but is well, Manny Pacquiao can't be that implausible because he was only fighting Mario Barios a couple of fights ago, right? &gt;&gt; All it [snorts] is is he's an OAP, you know. So for me to um he's just a bit old, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Well, I suppose the same applies for Floyd Mayweather who said he's coming back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's just a bit old and it's I I just feel like I I would hate to see him back in the ring. Um, you got to think for me the time I was calling him out when I was in in Saudi and we were supposed to fight, he hadn't I wasn't where I am now at this stage in my career, but also he hadn't fought Barios yet. So, after seeing how he looks against Barios, he he's a legend and and should call it a day. &gt;&gt; So, what you're saying is you respect your elders too much. Uh, well, not really, but but he's a legend and I respect and admire him as a man, as a fighter to to let him lose to me via just being old, you know? He's he's a he's a legend in the game and, you know, I'd love to see him just sell off into the sunset and not overstay his welcome. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Now, someone you probably don't respect or admire so much, your rival Chris Eubank Jr. has there been any overtures from that side for a third fight maybe at super middleweight. Would I fight him at super middleweight? Part of me is like, do you know what the f the first fight for me was wasn't who I am or the sore fighter I am. So for me it was like you know would I fight you bank at his weight a weight he's comfortable and has no excuses. Yeah I would I would thinking thinking about it um I I would fight him at 168. I would um again, not for anything else other than to beat him so convincingly again because I'm just a better boxer. I just have better ring IQ. I'm just faster. I'm just more agile. I'm just I just punch harder. I'm I'm more I have better endurance. Um I have every sector. I'm better than him. Um you know, so um that would be a point I'd want to prove to not to myself like and I beat him. first fight was what the first fight was and I'm glad it got fired a year and was what it was. But it's just so personal with me and Chris that this and and there will always just be something there. I I respect him. I I don't I don't not respect I respect Chris. I respect him. Um I don't mean I have to like you don't I don't you have to like someone you respect. I respect him because being in this game is hard and and um also being a legend son is hard but ultimately we we did it. We do it. We've we've set our kids' lives up. We are established in the game. Um you know and we have we have big following. Um but for me my goal is still to get the world title. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, absolutely. Well, on that note, I will leave you in peace.