Kind: captions Language: en Well, Johnny Nelson's alongside me and we're going to talk through exactly that. But for those who have missed this, Eubank Jr. missing the weight by half an ounce. So, this is fine fine margins. Johnny Nelson. Um, you've got something in your pocket which I think you're going to use to kind of give it give people a sense of of what this weight might look like. So, I'm going in the little pocket. We've all got them on our jeans. And I've got a battery. Don't know if you've got a that weight right there. This right there is how much he's over in weight. That's cost him £375,000. 5005 half a million. Yeah, that's a lot. Well, the current exchange rate, but half a million dollars. That's what it's cost him for coming over. And remember, he's still got to do the check weighing in the morning. And if he does it again and he's over, he's going to get fined again. And I don't know if it's by the pound, by the ounce, what he's getting fired bought for. But that's a an it's an expensive miscalculation. I think it was by the pound. Uh but I mean, let's just rewind. He came here later than Connor Ben to weigh in. He he had a couple of chances at it ultimately half an ounce over. Uh your assessment was that he he could have make made it. It wasn't looking at him that he wouldn't have been able to get there, but maybe he didn't time it correctly. He didn't time it correctly. Listen, you look at the whole week, he's done things in his time. He's taken his time. Nobody's rushed him. So it got to the last 10 15 minutes of of the hour he had once once Connor Benard weighed in. Then he rocked up to get on the scales. He was a little bit over. He had four minutes then to to make the weight. And that's where he he's left this this small margin and he was still over. I looked at earlier footage of him sweating it off this morning which he posted himself and I posted on my social media and you see him sweating cars. So it's not like it's an impossible ask. If he was training and he was there was no sweat coming out. You think he's got nothing left. The sweat was dripping off him. It's a miscalculation. Now, I spoke to his coach. I spoke to his his management team. I said, "Are you worried about it?" He said, "No, it's just one of those things, but it's an expensive one of those things." Yeah. Fine. Fine. Marges, there has been some reaction from Connor and Ben. I mean, what do you think their assessment of this going to be? They'll be very happy about it. No, they they need to be careful because it's a false sense of security. There's big smiles around team Ben uh and the management team. There's big smiles be thinking he's struggling. you know, in some situations it might not mean anything. But so if you're if you're if you're buying a lot into that, there's an issue. And in reality, yes, uh Chris will get a massive fine tonight. He'll get a massive fight tomorrow if he doesn't make it. But what will be important is, you know, after when it comes to the fight itself, who wins and who loses because this will be a distant memory and it'll be the the small print after the fight if if you know, depending on who's won or lost. I mean, it is all quite complicated. We will just explain for people they're they're fighting at middleweight 160 lb but there is a rehydration clause for tomorrow. So Chris Urang Jr. was was told he's not allowed to put on more than £10 uh by tomorrow morning. Is that more kind of key now than maybe it was? Well, it's just going to be expensive, you know, and that's what it's all about. And I again I keep saying I don't I think he wants to make a massive point here to say look it's quite clear I'm happy to to make a weight to fight a guy and and the win's more important than anything is it about the money you know he was he looked pretty upset that that he didn't make the weight but it wasn't you know earthshattering but I think what what would more important the half a million he's lost this morning and what he today and what he might potentially lose tomorrow or the win uh now with with what's been going on the rivalry in the history I think the win is the most important thing. So, it wouldn't surprise me at all if again that that that uh that rehydration clause is is broken. I mean, can you give us a sense of what Chris will be doing now? I did see him leave. I didn't have a chance to speak to him. You said you felt he looked maybe a bit downcast. I imagine he's pretty fed up after a pretty torid 24 hours. Downcast only because it was a miscalculation. He's come in and thought, you know what, if I'd have just rushed a little bit more, give himself a little bit more time to to make the weight. But he didn't. He's done that all week. He's done it at his pace, his time. Get here a little bit earlier. You know, he didn't have enough time to get down to the way he was just it was that much that much over. That much that battery much over. You know, that is an expensive half a million dollars. It's going to take more energy up though because they will weigh in in front of of everyone this evening. They're going to Will he turn up? Will he turn up? Uh it's going to be fine city for fine central for him. Will he turn up? He knows what's happened this morning. He's done his bit. He's not playing this the the non he's not he's playing no nonsense game. Will he turn up? He should do. We hope he does. I I don't know. I don't know. But we'll see later on. We'll see if he turns up. Okay. Yeah. Well, we'll see. Uh our colleague Michael Bridge will be there keeping you across everything. And obviously any updates as we get them, we'll bring them to you here on Sky Sports News.