Kind: captions Language: en We're here at the Fighters Hotel. You can see Johnny Nelson is alongside me and we're going to chat a bit more about what Michael was saying there about this ring. It emerged last night that Connor Ben requested an 18 ft ring, normally 20 foot. So Johnny, tell us a bit more about that. What kind of a difference can it make to a fight? Uh, usually if I the one that wants a tear up, wants a toe to toe, wants a a bone a foam boo, they'll request that. and and and Connor's been granted that because they both got to agree to it. Being an 18t ring, it means he doesn't want uh Chris to be able to run and box. He wants him to stand there toe-to-toe with him because Chris using common sense would use his height, use his reach to outbox him, negate him, out fox him, out trot him, but but Connor wants it tight. So, they have to have a tear up because because Connor being the shorter man, uh the lighter man, as far as he's concerned, what suits him is a tear up. And so for him to get that granted as well, it means the fans will be gifted with with uh what should be an unbelievable um uh conflict. We should say it's not unheard of. While it doesn't happen all the time, you know, it is an unheard of, but it does mean that all of those on the undercard are also going to have to fight in an 18t ring as well, which they might not initially have liked. Well, some might not like it. I don't think Lyndon Hoff would like it against Anthony Yard, uh because it styles make fights. So, but you've just got it's part of the game. got to get on the and it's something you've got to learn to adjust to as you're coming through your career. It's not until you're top of the bill and and and you you've got favor in regards to how the the side of the ring that that you can make those decisions. The suggestion is that it that it favors Connor Ben in in this style that we know he's going for. But you got to think Eubank would not have agreed to it if he wasn't okay with it. I guess you know what it's about negotiations. So whatever bargaining tool they've got uh you know he's got what he wants. you know, these negotiations are going to go on even past tomorrow when they've weighed in, then they'll they'll go and check the gloves and say, "You can't have those gloves. I'll have those gloves." That's when it's like boxing is one of those things where you sign a contract to negotiate afterwards. Uh but this situation here, they're still pulling and to, you know, pulling and throwing in regards to each fight trying to get one up on each other. Now, we're excited to get over to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium this afternoon for the press conference and we've been chatting about what a fantastic venue this is for a fight night. fights that we've seen there before. Uh Fury Chisora we were saying. Um what do you make of it as a fight night? You know what I think the Tottenham ground you got to remember at the Tottenham ground they create employment for for for almost most of the people around the area. I think they've got a hotel there. I think they've got the ground there. Most of the people from the around here have got something to do with the ground. They create employment and so so then that's a good that's a good thing. Uh the other thing is, you know, when you're inside the place, the one thing they did do when Anthony Joshua boxed uh Usyk, um I remember the the the the nosebleleed seats, the seats that are right in the in the top, they've not got rid of them at this point, you know, today or or when it came to the weigh-in. So, they actually gave them to the community, gave them to the boxing clubs, gave them to the kids that couldn't afford to see such a such a an amazing uh um uh attraction. So again, it was a community film, which I think was a nice touch. It was a nice touch because realistically they couldn't sell the ticket. So they said, "There you go. I hope it happens again at this weekend because they're not cheap up there." But but for some kid that's never been to such a big event to do something like that again. I think Tottenham do an amazing thing. And I'm not a Tottenham fan. So please don't think it's cuz I'm Tottenham. I'm just saying this is a nice thing they're doing. Well, we know who isn't a Tottenham fan and that's Anthony Yard. He was in his Arsenal shirt uh for the workout yesterday. Um he's looking forward to being in in the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. We will be we'll be there later this afternoon. We're going to spend the next few hours here though hopefully chatting to some of the undercard fighters. We've spotted a few of them so far this morning. Uh but we will we will be back with you for you to say throughout the afternoon. I keep putting it off. Oh dear.