Kind: captions Language: en Well, you set it up perfectly. I mean, I'm delighted to be standing next to the heavyweight champion of the world and what a fight that he has coming up against Daniel Dubois, but I just said to Fabio Wley in the break there, Katy Taylor is has just gone online and she's just announced that she's going to have one more fight and then it's um retirement for one of the greatest to ever do it, a trailblazer and one of Ireland's finest and one of the the best female fighters that we've seen. And just want to pay tribute. We had some great memories with her on Sky Sports and I wish her all the very best. Fabio, I'm going to talk to you at length about your fight, but as that's breaking now, I mean, she has been an absolute pioneer. I know that you've seen her um and you've kind of been in the same era, haven't you? I mean, uh just a a word on Katie Taylor. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's the key word for her, isn't it? Pioneer is how she's just kind of paved the road massively for for women's boxing. You've seen how much it's kicked on since, but she was really at the forefront of that. and then massive shows and massive crowds that she was able to bring out. I was even there at the Serrano fight at MSG and it was just a crazy crowd. So yeah, look, she can she can have her last fight and kind of go off into the sunset and look back on a fantastic career and all she's done for the sport. &gt;&gt; Let's look forward because what a what a fight that you've got yourself involved in. The heavyweight champion of the world. I saw as you walked in, I mean, talk about like aura. You look like you've grown you've grown at 10 times in height. You look a million dollars. I have to be honest with you, many would have forgiven you for having a softer first defense. You've had a real run of absolute barnstorming fights. You probably could have taken a softer touch, but is that not the Fabio Wley way? Let's go for the biggest fish in the tank and and see what we can do. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's exactly that. I just just It's just not how I'm bred. It's just not how I'm built. I don't I don't look at the list and go, "Right, what's the easiest touch here? What's the easiest way to do things?" I look at I look at fights almost from a fan perspective and I go, "Right, if I was sitting on the other side of the TV, what am I looking at? What am I watching? What do I want to see? And look, me versus Daniel was a huge fight for a number of reasons. And look, it was it was a massive one and it was an easy yes from me. &gt;&gt; The promoters got it right with this one. Don't blink. It's so apt. So, both of you got knockout ratios over 90%. Uh, it's going to be that sort of fight that I think you have to watch through your fingers or from behind the sofa unless you're in it. And you always seem to run towards the fire. But my question is, do you feel that you're now getting the respect that you deserve? So for so long people have talked about white collar wardley and Fabio Wardley and made so much about your lack of amateur career. Now you are heavyweight champion of the world. Do you finally feel that you are being taken completely seriously and you're getting the respect that you've absolutely deserved? &gt;&gt; Uh somewhat. Yeah. I think it's coming at least. I think for for years and years and years before with whatever achievement it was English title, British title, Commonwealth and internationals or whichever it was always yeah but did all right but okay but next one next one. next one. Whereas coming off the Joseph Parker fight, I think a lot of people are like, "Okay, like there's only so many times now we can kind of write him off or say he's not going to do it and he keeps on doing it." So maybe let's flip it round and and back him. And that's probably a lot of what I'm feeling going into this fight as well. &gt;&gt; On Daniel, it's slightly surprising that he's gone full circle and he's gone back to uh reconcile with Don Charles. you can prepare for what you're um going to do, but had you started to formulate plans for perhaps a different Daniel Duboir under a new training team and were you surprised that all that he has gone back to Don Charles? &gt;&gt; No, not at all. Like I wasn't planning for anything different at all. Um like the Daniel that we would have planned for the videos, the tape, the things we're checking over, he was with Don anyway. They're all the same. They're all the same things. And him going back to him doesn't change anything for us. Like it makes no difference to me that he has he goes leaves a trainer, goes back to a trainer, one trainer, two trainer, no trainer. Like it's it's nothing to me. I'm going to plan for him the same. I'm not planning to fight Dan Don Charles. Sorry. I'm planning to fight Daniel Dubois. &gt;&gt; Not yet. Anyway, I say that I say that as a lot. &gt;&gt; If I say some things at the press, maybe Don will kick off. Who know? &gt;&gt; No, I say that as a joke. Um, may I ask though, I don't think this is lazy analysis, but Daniel Dubois, we know what he's very, very good at. He's got a very good jab. Uh he was a great amateur, young amateur himself, not a senior, but a great junior amateur, thunderous right hand, uh good chin as well. He's been in some some gruelers, not quite the same as you. But the questions still remain from some people. Can he be broken mentally? Can you break his heart? That is something that I think that you are very uh educated on when it comes to the the verbal sparring, the getting under people's skin. Do you believe that you can break him? Can he be broken mentally or is that something that you think he's gone away from now? &gt;&gt; I think he can. And I think it's been proven and it's a bit it's a bit up and down with him. I think sometimes he proves that he can grit and go through and other times he can just capitulate and give in and just and just give up basically. Um it almost depends on him on kind of how he wants to turn up. But look, I think you know with my attitude, the way I fight, my style, I can bring that out of anyone. I can make it uncomfortable for anyone in that ring and just think this guy is not going nowhere. I can't seem to dent him. can't seem to get rid of him, can't seem to move him, and that can be heavily demoralizing. So, look, if he's if he has a proven track record of that, I'm the man to expose it &gt;&gt; on that that warrior's heart that you have that can never now be questioned, I think, because really that runner fights that you had, but particularly the last two, Justice Honey and Joseph Parker. What did you learn about yourself in those moments? Anything new? Did you always knew that you could go to the well and keep going? Uh, did you always know that you'd never, you know, until the final bell, you know that you're not beat? Did you learn anything new about yourself in those moments? &gt;&gt; I'd say not necessarily no. Because I think when I really did learn them was the phrase on one fight was when I really found it was the first time I did it. Gring gring fight, sorry. Blood everywhere and just just a mess of a fight, a back and forth. And I had to take a lot of punishment and and kind of will my way through that. And once you've done it once over, you can think it and go, "Oh, yeah. Know, I know I've got this in me. I believe it." D. But until you actually are in the ring, you're in the firefight, you're in the middle of it, you don't really know. So once I came out of the back of that, I knew going into any other fight, if I need to dig down, if I need to go to that world than it is there. &gt;&gt; I hope it's coming across on camera. The nose looks miles better. I don't know if you've had work done on that or if it's it or it's had time to heal, it looks miles better. Usyk, may I ask you about uh somewhat the elephant in the room? For a long time, we thought that you would be facing off for Undisputed. Despite what, you know, could you ever imagine when you started out that you'd be fighting for the Undisputed, but it became a reality because we thought that you would get your chance after you beat Joseph Parker. It didn't materialize for a number of different reasons. &gt;&gt; Not looking past Daniel all, but you're assuming that you win and hoping that you win. So, I think asking about another champion is fair enough. Do you still have it in your heart that you could meet him down the road? Is it still a goal for you or is it um not something that you spend too much time thinking about? &gt;&gt; No, look, in the back of my mind, he's still on the list and he's still top of the list as well. But right now, I've got a fight locked in. I've got an opponent. I've got a job to do. I've got a focus. It's no point daydreaming about a fight with Alexander Usyk if I can't find myself past Daniel. So, look, it's there. It's it's impossible to ignore but at the same time that's nowhere near where my focus is right now &gt;&gt; on that Fury Mcmodov will happen before your fight. So you know there was there was a great quote from him you know because he became become active on his social media Tyson Fury we're getting like daily updates and uh he responded to a story that Sky Sports put out about you know you saying I'd quite like to fight Tyson Fury. Do you have um feelings going into that fight that you want Tyson Fury to win because he may well be down the road, you know, you'll fight whoever. But Tyson Fury, it does bring um generational talent, one of the best heavyweights we've had. He could then become very very close to your radar if he wins. So my question is twofold. Do you want him to win? And how rel how realistic is it that you could face him if you do? &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. At base level, I want him to win because I always want to try and back back a Brit in a fight. Um, but yeah, from a selfish perspective, I want him to win because I want to fight him myself and that picture looks looks very different if he loses to Matt Mudov. So yeah, look, I want him to win. I want him to come through comfortably, look a million dollars, come out of there with confidence and then think, right, you know what, I want to take on Fabio Wley. &gt;&gt; Ignoring May with a Pacquiao for now. I'll talk to Frank Warren about that later from a promoter's perspective. But I am fascinated. You will have seen what happened over the weekend with Connor Ben leaving Eddie Hearn to go to zoo for boxing. just the fighter perspective because we're gonna get the promoter's perspective. Did you have um we're gonna get I don't want to say put yourself in those shoes, but did you have sympathy for Connor Ben or did you have sympathy for Eddie Hearn or were you non plus either way? &gt;&gt; I'm I'm split. I'm I'm split down the middle. Like the only thing I maybe not is how how I me personally how I would have gone about it. Like I understand from Eddie's perspective being hurt and being investing time in someone, defending someone, committing yourself to them, supporting them, whatever else for for years for them to turn feel like they've turned on you. I also understand from Connor's perspective, it seems to be or sounds like it was life-changing money or an exorbitant amount of money anyways. Um, one fight deal, a massive opportunity. So, I get both sides. Um, I think more so it was just the manner in the way it was done. Um, again, that's that's secondhand coming from things Ed have said and things like that about how he just received a text or an email or something like that, not even a conversation. I think that would have made things a bit smoother. Um, but the game's the game at the end of the day. &gt;&gt; It is. I think we've known this business for long enough now. It's aged me. May I give you the final um sort of question and answer on your fight? We're all looking forward to tuning in. And I think it's one of the best fights that can be made in British boxing and on a wider landscape world boxing. Why are you that guy? Why are you going to walk out of that ring uh still champion? &gt;&gt; I picked him like I and I'm just the way I feel about myself, the way I feel about me as a boxer currently. I just feel unbeatable. I feel like I can conquer any task any man put in front of me. I feel like I can get through them. And don't get me wrong, that's not to say that any fight's going to be easy. I'm going to breeze it. I'm going to cruise it. whatever way, but all I know is that in of myself, I'm I'm a born and bred fighter. I I've got it in me to will my way through a fight, and I just don't think Daniel is the man to beat me. &gt;&gt; Thanks so much. We wish you all the best. Fabio Wardley, champion of the world, but still running towards the danger.