Kind: captions Language: en Well, welcome back to central London. The British Boxing Board of Control Awards Ceremony and Fighter of the Year, World Heavyweight Champion, Fabio Wley. Off camera, you said you couldn't quite believe it. It has been some run. This includes Justice Honey and Joseph Parker, but it has been so much more than that. I wonder now if if it is still a little bit humbling to realize what you are currently achieving. Yeah, I think this is really kind of set it in like you're making it humbling and just thinking, oh, okay, like I'm really I'm achieving some things here. Not to take anything away from anything the things I've done before at all. It's just I I feel like with this it's recognition across the board is where especially for me for the bulk of my career I've been doubted, maybe overlooked or however you want to frame it. Um, so for kind of this for the peers or whoever to get together and go, you know what, Fabio Wley, he's had he's had one one heck of a year, I think we'll give it to him. Um, really kind of warms the heart a bit. &gt;&gt; What has been the standout moment? I I wonder because of Portman Road, yeah, the weather aside, but Justice Honey and the way it ended if that's stands above Joseph Parker or if the the sheer amount of doubt is going into the Joseph Parker fight and that doesn't even include the fact that in that period afterwards you were made world heavyweight champion, you know. Uh I wonder if anything stands out more than the other. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a hard one. There's they have their they have their peaks, each of them. Um, it's it's hard to turn away from the fact of the the enormity of the Joseph Parker fight and all the doubt going into it and and then coming off with a win. But I think the homecoming of the Justice Honey fight for me, something talking about fighting in Ipsish Town and doing a stadium show, selling 25,000 at a stadium show in my hometown. Um, bringing boxing back there for the first time in I don't know how many years. The weather I actually quite enjoyed. It played a part. It proved how much kind of it people will turn out for their own. Um and then the night in of itself, the fight and the way it went. Um and then to finish on that win was uh yeah, it was all kind of hugely satisfying. Are you still hungry for more? I mean that's that's something you didn't see coming. Uh obviously you can see Daniel Dwar coming. You can see champions on the horizon. Are you still hungry for more and more success? And where do you think this journey is going to take you over the next 12 months? &gt;&gt; No, I did see this coming. You told me about it beforehand. Don't get me in trouble. No, no, no, no, no, no. For clear for the record, I I struggled not to tell you, but I did keep it a secret. &gt;&gt; No. Look, um there's there's way way more for me. Way way more for me. Like for me, my head broke through the ceiling 10 fights ago. And all I saw above me was clear skies. And I was like, cool, sky's the limit then. Let's go up up up up up and let's keep moving. So, and again, I think it's credit to the same reason why I picked someone like Daniel Dybar is the ambition of no real fights, real opponents, real achievements. And look, and hopefully we have a great fight and I'm back here next year for fighter of the year or contest of the year or or something else because I've committed in myself to that idea of of constantly pushing and challenging myself. &gt;&gt; Good day for the gym as well. Uh, young boxer of the year, Moses Talma from your gym and trainer of the year, Ben Davidson. And he he was very quick on stage to say, you know, yes, I'm trainer of the year, but it it takes the fight and it takes the team as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, and it usually does because we're all in there together. And look, there's days where one's a bit slower than the other or we're not really up for it and you've had a hard spar and someone puts a good word in your ear or you can't quite figure out something, someone's giving you a little tip or just all of it. you like as again as like I said on the stage as much as it says boxer of the year it's actually I think team of the year because we've done we've done a a crazy job this year of of producing of fighting and like even coming off most recently Lee Wood the win just happening so look it's it's it's all happening down in the gym um and it's great for everyone there to get their recognition I'm going to say thank you now but will you end by holding up to the camera so fighter of the year Fabio Wardley congratulations I'll leave you with that shot there look incredible