Kind: captions Language: en Franchesca, great to see you in what is quite honestly beautiful surroundings. Uh, but probably the main reason we're here today is because you posted a video on your Instagram that has really gained some traction and it's and it's led to quite a high profile uh, meeting and discussion. Would you mind telling us all about it? &gt;&gt; So, yeah, I um I put out this video when I was younger skipping and it was a bit of a transition to now. Um, you know, I had my struggles growing up with my weight as people could see. And, you know, it drawed a lot of attention from not just young people, but you know, people were older than me, you know, saying, "Oh, this needs to be shown in schools. Young kids need to see this. Like, what an inspirational video." And it just, it just kind of went viral. And I wasn't expecting it massively, you know, and and just some lovely comments. It was just amazing. and we uh spoke to Chris Webb uh who's in parliament and he says look come down let's have a meeting let's discuss what we can do for you know young kids at schools you know help inspire them see what we can do for you know activity wise and just this this is what it's all about for me this is a massive thing for me and I'm so happy to be able to be helping young kids out in some way or another &gt;&gt; when you posted the video just explain a little bit more about your initial reaction to the comments Because I suppose when you post anything on social media, you don't quite know how it's going to land. But the sheer amount of comments, did it take you by surprise? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Do you know what? Massively. Just um the young girl in me actually was just over the moon, you know, to just it kind of made me realize, you know, how far I have actually come from that stage. And just all the beautiful comments I got was just like I'm so grateful for them. and every single person that commented supported me, you know, who's got me to this point and it just it was just amazing for me to see and I'm so grateful for all that support. &gt;&gt; Do you feel a bit vulnerable before you post something like that? Uh social media for all its good points can obviously uh have its downsides, especially when you're posting around a topic of of sort of um weight and and body image. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. My um you know, my dad was actually saying to me for months, you got to post this, friend. like you know it will inspire all young kids like you got to post this and I was actually nervous to post it just because as I said you know the young girl with me who was very insecure you know something I don't really go into but I was very insecure when I was that age you know about my weight I'd be like the joker in class and stuff at school because I think it was because I was insecure about my weight so before posting it I was kind of nervous to see how people react what comments would come back and just I was so grateful and surprised at how many lovely and nice people came on there showing me so much love and you know it was just amazing to see and the young girl in me as I said was just so happy and over the moon you know because if I'd have told that young girl now what I was doing and you know going to parliament which is crazy for me you know all my friends were saying to me oh imagine what the teachers would be saying at school you're going to parliament like and yeah I just think she'd be over the moon and I'm proud of that young girl in me who got me to where I am. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm sure you're doing it down. I'm sure the teachers would be very proud as well. Have you thought about any more about actually what you might say when you get to parliament only because um there's a number of different positive messages in that post. One of them is the the strength and power and reach of boxing. You know, uh boxing gets uh good press, but it still gets its fair amount of bad press as well. And some people in society still can't see the good that it brings. How important was the vehicle of boxing in in your movement? I know it's very close to the family anyway. Um, but how important was boxing for you? &gt;&gt; Massively important. Um, I think all my family can vouch for me with this. You know, we we don't know where I'd be without boxing. I uh was very heavily dyslex well I am very heavily heavily dyslexic. So, I struggled a lot at school. You know, I found it hard to sit in a classroom and be, you know, always be concentrated and listen to what the teachers were saying. And I just kind of always wanted to be active outside doing things. And so, Yeah, I think the main thing for me is just like giving kids that chance to have that activity, to find what they love, to believe in themselves because some kids, you know, don't have the support from their family, what I had from my dad, my mom, you know, my brother and sister. Like I was very I'm very blessed to have that around me whereas some kids don't have that. So, it's about finding a way to give those kids that support round them. Help give them a bit of belief in whatever they do, in whatever activity it is, you know, even if it's not an activity, whatever it is, just help give them that bit of belief and find a solution to do that because I don't think there's enough backing for that at schools. Definitely. So, it's just about finding that way for the young kids. Definitely. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And for people that might be a tad nervous about walking through the doors of a boxing gym, I I would say from the outside you might think it's uh an intimidating aggressive place to go, but actually I think it's the one place where everything stops at the door, everyone is equal. Uh there's a real strength of community um and coming together. Would you agree with all of those points? &gt;&gt; Oh, a million%. you know, um I I was very fortunate to, you know, grow up with a great family around me, you know, where where I've grown up. And um you know, when you walk into a boxing gym, you realize there's so many different aspects of life. And, you know, I was friends with so many people who went through so many things and didn't have, you know, a great family or didn't have this and didn't have that. And it just really opens up your eyes to what's going on in the world. And it makes you realize it doesn't matter who someone is, where they're from, what they like or whatever. Someone's a good person and you get on with them. That's all that matters really. And there's no bullying in a boxing gym. There's nothing like that. I just think it's great for young kids, even if they don't want to get into it properly, just to be around that environment where none of that matters. &gt;&gt; How old were you in the video? 11. &gt;&gt; Uh 10. &gt;&gt; 10. What makes me laugh is that dad uh you know surely one of the the best promoters we've had in Britain was the one in the video saying no no you know she doesn't have the box hold it back hold it back and I think the voice must be your mom is it uh and she's saying no you're going to have to let her box now uh how hard did you have to work on your dad um to to get to where you are I suppose I mean he's he's well and truly pushing you now and and and behind you maybe a little bit of trepidation at the start &gt;&gt; yeah of course um as you said my mom was she was quite against the idea. But do you know what? I don't blame her for that at all now. It's a very dangerous sport. Last thing you want to see is your kid getting punched in the face and she already had her son doing it. So now her little girl has come through saying, "Oh, I want to do it." It's a bit crazy for her. So, but my dad's kind of, you know, he was a bit torn because he could see I had talent and he could see how much I loved the sport and he could see how much good it was doing for me health-wise as well. So, I think he was always torn, but he didn't want to upset my mom in like pushing me to do it. But I believe that's what got me where I am now. You know, I was never pushed to do anything. I was never pushed to do boxing or to do, you know, if I turned around and said I didn't want to do boxing. My family wouldn't care. It's because I genuinely love the sport. I've loved it since I've been a young girl. I didn't have to do this. I chose to do this because I love it. So, um, yeah, it's kind of helped me to get to where I am now. My mom and dad's not really wanting me to box, but now they're my biggest supporters. You know, I would not be where I am without my parents. I can genuinely say that they they're my biggest supporters. They back me for anything and yeah, I'm so grateful to have them. &gt;&gt; Although we've done most of your fights, we haven't actually sat down and ever got to the the root or the spark of um Francesca Hennessy and the entertainer and and the rings and stuff like that. It's uh it's part of your package I would say. You know, the ring walk is something spectacular and it again it's something that on social media has gone worldwide and you see people like Kisha Shields and people like that commenting on your ring walk. Um despite starting this interview by saying you know I was shy and stuff like that. That's the opposite to Franchesca Hennessy on fight night. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Like you know I saying earlier at school I think because I was overweight it brought out a different personality in me where I just wanted to make people laugh. if I wanted to could say entertain people and I think that's carried on over into boxing. You know, I've always been like that in the boxing gym. You know, if music comes on, I'm dancing or I'm it's just my personality. It's just how I am. And I think, you know, there's a lot of people who pay their hard earned money to come and watch us, to come support us. And why not entertain them from start to finish? Why not give them a show? You know, like I'm confident in my ability, so I I can do that, you know? So, it's what I love and I love to entertain people and I like to hear everyone screaming. I like to see even some of the bad comments. I like to see it all, you know? It's good and it makes me laugh.