Kind: captions Language: en fantastic and exciting boxing roundup looking ahead of the last few months and maybe looking forward to a brilliant year ahead. I'm delighted as I say Frank Warren and Eddie Hearn join me. Uh guys, can I just get your tributes to to Colin Hart, please? Uh Colin Hart um he was a friend of mine, friend of boxing. He was a he was the doian of British boxing writers, very well respected around the world, not only in boxing, also in athletics. I think he done about eight covered about eight eight Olympic games. Um, nobody's fault. Very opinionated. Had his opinions uh and stuck by them through thick and thin. Very knowledgeable. Old school writer. Um, fabulous, fabulous guy and a great judge of boxing. And for me, it's a real sad day for boxing that he's gone. I had lunch with him about four or five weeks ago and I was quite shocked that you know that he lost so much weight and a few days later he called me and told me that he'd had uh developed stage four cancer the p pancreatic cancer and uh basically couldn't eat or swallow anymore and uh it was a matter of time and I'm sort of you know my imaginary wife Cindy and his daughters and grandchildren felt I was quite devastated and really saddened to hear that. But I couldn't believe how brave he was. You know, he said, "I've had a fantastic life. I've got to celebrate all I've had and again, what a fabulous family, wife, and his kids and and his grandchildren." He was just so philosophical. He said, "And I wouldn't change a single moment of it." Yeah. I mean, Frank knew him better than me, you know, and for longer. But I think the best way I can describe it is when I started promoting, if I saw Colin Hart at the press conference, I knew it was a big deal. Do you know what I mean? And that doesn't mean that he just came to the big shows, but you know, he was a man that had authority within the boxing scribes world. He was he was the man, you know, blame me. I think Colin Art's here, you know, even though he would go to amateur shows, he would go to Bethnyl Green, he would go to all these events, but for me, you know, he was instantly recognizable as as a key member of the media. And, you know, like like Frank said, when he says nobody's fault, he wouldn't, you know, he had people he had better relationships with than others, but he would always write and report from the heart, not to keep Frank happy or keep me happy. And sometimes he'd have a proper AJ and I think, "Oh, blime me, Colin." And it would almost be like a sorry that's just how I feel. That's that's my respected opinion if you like and you know a sad day for boxing because someone that's been in the community for so long and someone that contributed so much. Yeah, absolutely. One fight he would have been a massive part of is obviously Connor Ben and Chris Eubank Jr. that's coming up very very soon. How much you excited for that one? Can't wait. I mean look Eubank's playing a blinder for the for the promotion of the fight. I mean little bit annoying. I mean, unfortunately, if I could fight, I'd want to give him a slap myself, but that's not going to happen. So, um, Connor's fired up. I mean, honestly, I've never seen someone put themselves through what he is putting himself through in training camp. He is going to be like a caged animal when that bell goes on April 26th. a big disadvantage in size, but he makes up for it in attribute, hunger, you know, youth, tenacity, volatility, and he is in camp with his dad grafting and dreaming every day of violating Chris Eubank Jr. on April 26 and doing it in spectacular fashion and I can't wait. How do you see it going? Cuz obviously bit of a new I wanted to let him out the cage. let him out occasion. Let him at him. I want Collins to win the fight. I want him to win the fight. I think it'd be great for him to win the fight. Um, you know, it's rivalry going back to their fathers. Uh, obviously it's have been a big part of British boxing, British sport over the years, and they're the they're the two they're their kids. Uh, one is 36 years of age now. He's the bigger guy over Connor. I think Connor has shown obviously shown what what he wants to do. Have we seen I don't think we've seen the best econom Ben yet and I hope that's the case. Uh I've seen um Chris Eubanks at the age of 36. Um the next generation I think it's a bit of a liberty call himself the next generation at the age of 36 because I must be have half a chance being the next generation. Um it's a it's a fight that's caught everybody's imagination and we'll all be tuning into and watching it. I've got to say as well, all the fights we've all covered and worked on, there's genuine genuine hate in there, Ed proper. There is. And you know, I think even before the first, you know, the the the first fight, which was two years ago now, that fell through. There was rivalry, but there was respect. You know, they were their father's sons, and we're walking in the footsteps of our our fathers. Now, it's pure hate. You know, you saw the press conference. I mean, Eubank, you know, with the egg and, you know, the 100 grand fine and, you know, stuff towards me as well, if you like, and, you know, the digs at Connor, the digs at his dad. I mean, it's extremely personal. Extremely personal. And that's why I think Connor's carried a lot of that into training camp. Um, he wants to do a job on him. He really does. And he sleeps, eats, breathes Chris Eubank Jr. and he'll be ready for what will be a spectacular night at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. From when that first bell goes, he's going to be electric. Looking forward to that. Fabio Wardley. I mean, do you top 10 deserve top 10? We're going to get a bit of a stadium now. Port Monroe, maybe Py fight a top 10 fighter. Um, it will be, I hope, at Portman Monroe. That's what we want to do. We promised him a homecoming fight in Ipsswitch and we'll deliver for him. He showed what a spectacular dangerous fighter he is in his last one against Frraasier Clark which was a rematch of Boxing News's fight of the year, domestic fighter of the year and showed how dangerous he is and showed that he's deserves to be in the top 10 and we'll make it happen. If he comes through it, he'll be on the verge of fighting for a world title this year. And talking about dangerous, how's Daniel Dubar at the moment? Dangerous. Yeah, he's always dangerous. He's the biggest puncher in heavyweight boxing. And it's a funny thing. We was just looked at a little video of Colin Hart where he said years and years ago he is the he mentioned everybody who's around and said that he's the biggest puncher out there. He's a phenomenal puncher. There's no doubt about it. So the plan is still maybe a stadium against fight in the summer. He will fight in the summer. A big big fight. I would love that to happen. Four belts on the line and we'll work to try and make it happen. If it doesn't, he'll fight somebody else. And then maybe Joe Parker, who I think he's shocked everyone, hasn't he? Over the last Joe Parker's done brilliantly, hasn't he? He's got his career really back on track. He's the WBO interim champion. The WBO now have ordered him to ordered Usyk to defend against him unless Udi Usyk gets involved in an interim title. Oh, sorry, in a unification title fight. So, he's in a brilliant position. Ed, how's AJ? Just confirmation. You want to hold the mic? How's how's how's AJ? the injury is it that five to six weeks? Yeah, it's only, you know, he had a niggle after the Dubois fight. Um, he went back into camp and he's just not ready to start punching yet with the same ferocity that he needs to. So, I think that that there's two fights for AJ that that really stoked the fire. One is the rematch with Daniel Dwire and the other one is Tyson Fury, which is out of our control at the moment, but, you know, we we hope that that something can uh kickstart that fight, but it's down to Tyson. So, if he doesn't fight one of those two guys, he has to fight someone. And he's going to want to fight someone in the top 10. And Joseph Parker right now is on one of the hottest runs. I mean, if Dubois doesn't fight Usyk, I'd like to see Dubois fight Parker as well because I think Joe deserves a shot at a world heavyweight title. But obviously, if there's a big unification fight, Undisputed, then, you know, Joe's going to need another dance partner and and maybe it's a Joshua rematch. Are we at the stage now with Anthony Joshua though, like it's got to be 100%. No doubt. like a not not like the final year or so, but like Yeah, but this is the final year. I mean, it's not beat around the bush. I mean, he's going to have somewhere between I don't know, could could always be a last fight, but one and three fights. I mean, that that's the the reality of the situation. So, we've got to get it right. He's got to be 100%. And it's also got to be a fight that means something to it. He's not he's not fighting for the money. He's not fighting because he he needs to. He's fighting because he wants to. He wants to challenge himself. He wants to be in big fights. and he wants to become world heavyweight champion again. So, that's the priority. That's the key. And he'll be back. He'll be ready to go back end of the summer. Do you still have that feeling with Tyson? He's happy cuz I know you've never ever ever wanted to put pressure on him and rightly so. But have do you still feel that he's happy? He's relaxed, retired. He's very happy. He's got some things going on his life. He's got some big announcement he's going to make of life outside of boxing and he's enjoying himself. He's he's had a fabulous career. two-time world champion, beaten unbelievable fighters, uh, best of his generation in Klitschko, an undefeated, biggest punching heavyweight ever in world boxing, and Deontay Wilder, some fabulous fights against him. um he's done everything and uh probably the two fights with Usyk very close fights, split decisions and so forth, but the end well one of them split decision and proved that for me those two guys were the best heavyweights of their generation. Um if he come if he wanted to come back that would be his choice. Me I won't put wouldn't even discuss it with him. That's got to be his decision if he does. In the meantime, I just want him to enjoy his life, his family, because he deserves it. That's what's important, of course. Uh, you've both had phenomenal careers yourself. Would one goal for you maybe see AJ win a world title? Again, one of your main goals? Yeah, again, same same thing that Frank says. You know, I just want to see him happy really. And, you know, leave the sport with an incredible legacy, which I think has already been achieved. I mean, not only is he a two-time world heavyweight champion, but he's changed the face of the sport in this country. he's allowed and paved the way for these stadium fights for them to become a norm. And I think he's inspired a new generation of young boxers to walk through the doors of an amateur boxing club. So, you know, but he still loves the sport. He still thinks that physically has a lot to give. So, this is the final roll of the dice and we got to get it right. We got to be ready and it's going to be very exciting. Two, a friend of your both of you, Derek Chisora. Firstly, is he an IBF mandatory now? He is. That's massive news. Well, he won it, didn't he? He in his last fight, he become the Everybody knew what the fight was going to be for. He is the mandatory to our man, Dangerous Dan. So, that's the position he's in. He wants a big fight to go out on. Eddie and I have actually had a couple of chats today and we'll, you know, obviously in due dil we would do. Um, we both been involved with him in his career. you know, he started off with me and was with me a long time and he's been with me for the last few fights. Um, we want to deliver that 50 50th fight and I'd like if we can to work something between us that we both walk him out. Yes, I was going to ask you both that both of you walk him out for his final fight. That's going to be incredible. But the only thing is he might be fighting one of our guys, you know, so we'll have to see. But but the only worry about him being a mandatory you both I I hope you don't mind me saying this. You both care about him. There comes a time where you've got to look after his welfare, haven't you? As well in terms of who to fight. He should, you know, I said a couple of years ago he should have retired, but he proved me wrong and he's done. He is where he's at. I mean, he showed us there, he's still had some juice in the tank and delivered. Um, I don't want to see him go past 50 fights, that's for sure. He doesn't need to. He's made money. He's become the fans favorite. They that that welcome he got up in Manchester was unbelievable. I mean, the fans love him. He's part of the fixture. You know, every time he gets in the ring, he's war as he wears on his hat and he goes to war and he he doesn't leave anything in the ring. When he gets out there, he's he's he's exhausted himself in every way. But boxing is a tough game and you can only do it for so long in those type of fights. And I hope the last fight, the 50th, which he promised, will be his last. A few quick ones. Dana White, are you going to have any involvement with him? Have you spoken to him? What's going to go on there? I think it's great for boxing. I mean, look, you know, people say, "Oh, what do you think about Dana getting into boxing?" He's getting into boxing for a reason. Boxing's redot, that's why. And, you know, they've got their plans with the league. We don't know too much about it. Um, I know some fighters that have been invited to be in the league. I do think it's the, you know, prospects and those fringe guys that they can put in against each other and so forth. And I think any format's positive for the sport. So, if it's on his own, good luck. And if it's with us, no problem. Um, just shows you where boxing's at. Redhot with, you know, these major organizations wanting to be a part of it. And sort of confirmation boxing to be part of the Olympics. Well, that's brilliant. I mean, that's brilliant. They've changed the old the old guard, the new people in there, and they've been recognized and that is fantastic for the sport. I know that um former chairman of of ours of box nation um Richard Brooks has done him and his team have done a brilliant job together to make this happen. That's great. Great for boxing. Boxing is one of the oldest sports in the Olympics going back to thousand years whatever it may be. It's been a it's been it's always been there should always be there. It's an exciting sport. It means so much not just Olympic level. From that it filled us down to grassroots level, gives kids opportunities and so forth. So I am delighted and I'm delighted with a new setup because the new setup is great for the amateurs. It's brilliant what they're doing and what they've done and the amount of countries they've got involved. What's brilliant as well, you two working together. Yes. For years I've interviewed you both. It's always been separate. I love it. It's great. It is great. It's been a for me it's been a revelation. I enjoy every moment of it. We're very competitive. We just announced our deal with the zone where same channel that uh Edd's on and we're still going to have our, you know, we're still going to be competitive. We still want, you know, we want Queens the best. He wants be Matt Drum to be the best, but we'll work to make the fights and it makes it easier to make the fights and we're having a we're having a blast with this. You know, you know these Premier League team Spurs though, don't you? You borderline though. Only when they're doing well. Look, everybody's got a fault. You know that. Everybody's Everybody's got a fault. You know there's only one club in North London. I know you're a Spurs fan. Don't Frank. Yeah, but you weren't But but see you all you new Spur fans don't realize Tottenham used to be in Middle Sex. So it weren't in London. But also I will say that when Spurs aren't doing so well and Orient flying. It gives me the chance to say I'm I'm really an orient orienting at the moment. Well, there's guaranteed excitement. Ben Eubank at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Frank Eddie, thank you so much for joining me. There's a review. Plenty to go at ahead of a huge year of boxing.