Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back. We're going to get on to boxing now. And Alexander Usyk has cemented his place amongst boxing's all-time greats after becoming undisputed world heavyweight champion for a second time. He knocked out Daniel Dubois at a packed Wembley at the weekend and has now dominated the heavyweight division for years, beating everybody in his path. Delighted to say we can speak now to Dubois's manager, Frank Warren. Frank, thanks very much for joining us. First of all, how is Daniel? &gt;&gt; Um, I haven't spoke I'm not his manager, by the way. I'm his promoter, but I I haven't spoke with him. I spoke with uh one of the team. Yes, he's obviously quite dejected and down, but you know, that's what happens when you lose fights. You got to pull your boots back up and get get on with it. And that's what he'll do. &gt;&gt; I mean, he was up against, wasn't he, an incredible talent. Would you say that Usyk is a generational talent? Yeah, he's a generational great. There's no doubt about that. You know, Daniel, I I thought Daniel done okay the first couple of rounds, but you know, he uh Usyk then just basically took over the fight. He's got a great mental, you know, so he's so strong mentally. Usyk, you know, you think about it, every fight he's had has been on the road because of obviously obviously the the war in Ukraine, going into other people's backyards and coming away with a prize each time. It takes a bit of a bit of a mindset to do that as well as the skills that he has, but he done a fantastic job and and took the fight over and eventually stopped Daniel. &gt;&gt; How do you think he compares to to the other greats of the sport then? The likes of Muhammad Ali, Lennox Lewis, George Foreman, Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield. &gt;&gt; He's up there with them all. He's up there, you know, he's in the he's he's in the top 10 and and you left out Larry Holmes who was a great fighter. you know there would have been you know of of each generation it's all you know we always do it all of us in boxing I wonder how this one would have got you know how would Muhammad Ali have got on with Usyk and all these sort of you know permutations but but you can only be the best as you can in your generation and and he at the moment is the guy and he's done it he's done it at three levels he won the gold medal Olympic games he unified uh all of the uh the cruiserweight titles the four belts and he's done the same in heavyweight division at 38 years of age is undefeated. So he's one of the greats. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury insists that he's the only man who can beat Usyk. Will he step out of retirement for a trilogy? &gt;&gt; We'll see. But he he likes that fight. He wants that fight if and they were close fights by the way. You know, very very close fights. Both of those fights that Tyson had with him. So who knows? Anything can happen in this business. and and maybe that's a fight that could be made if if indeed Usyk wants to do it and Tyson wants to do it. I have no problem with it. In fact, it was mentioned during an interview over the PA address at uh Wembley on Saturday and everybody would everybody give it a loud cheers. So, you know, I'm sure there'd be an appetite for it. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely would, wouldn't they? We'd all love to see I mean Fury himself has said that, you know, April 18 at Wembley is the date and venue for the fight. Can you see that happening on that date? &gt;&gt; Um, I don't know. Look, if you know, we'd like to see it happen. That's all I can tell you at this stage. You know, Tyson's got he's filming at the moment with his Netflix series Home Furious 2. He's got a documentary also that's being filmed. So, he's out of action this year and as you quite rightly say, before he gets before he comes back, it' be sometime probably in in early new year, April. But, um, we got to have conversation. And I'm sure at the moment the last thing uh Alexandra wants to be talking about his fights. He's he's been hard training camp. He's got the victory and he's back home with his family now enjoying the the fruits of his labor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, look, you know Tyson really really well. Does an Usyk fight, do you think, motivate him more than an Anthony Joshua fight? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, it does. It does. You know, the public all wants to see him fight AJ. you know, and it's a fight that's not happened and, you know, it's one of those things that one of those fights that maybe should have happened a few years ago, but it didn't for various reasons. But that there's a massive appetite for that fight, too. But, you know, um, Tyson, I think basically wants what he feels he wants to try and put the record straight with us. That's the fight he would like. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, Eddie Hearn has suggested that Anthony Joshua is in talks with Jake Paul. What do you make of that? There are there are talks. I I'm quite aware of that. There are talks. And uh yeah, it's a you know, whatever people say about Jake Paul, if he if he's willing to step up and get into the ring with AJ, that tells you a lot about him. Shows that he's got some belief in himself. It's a tough fight for me for him. But I'm sure if it happens, everybody will buy into it. You know, the general public will buy into that fight. &gt;&gt; Do you think he'd have any chance against AJ Jake Paul? Um, I've got to go with with with AJ because the fact he's, you know, he's been a professional boxer for so long. Um, he's a naturally big man. But having said that, you know, Jake's Jake's got some, you know, he's got a bit of heart in him, that's for sure. And, uh, he maybe sees something in the fight that the last fight that AJ had against Daniel, you know, where Daniel done a job on him. You never know. But whatever whatever if it happens big if if it happens but if it does I I'll tell you you won't be able to get a ticket for that. You won't be able to get rightly or wrongly where it should be happening you will not be able to get a ticket for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah I I think you're you're spot on with with that one. Uh let's move on to Joseph Parker because I know you promote his his UK fights. Uh he's the WBO mandatory challenger for Usyk now. Does that fight have to happen in the next six months? &gt;&gt; Yeah, the WBO have actually said that the uh the winner of the fight on on Sassi, which is Usyk, he's got his first m that's the next mandatory due out of the four belts and it has to take place by the end of the year. So yes, that that will be the case &gt;&gt; unless he vac unless he vacates the belt. If he decides to vacate it, then he'll fight have to fight the number one. &gt;&gt; Well, that's interesting, isn't it? So if if Usyk does vacate the belt, then who would Parker fight next? &gt;&gt; Number one is Moses. It's It'sama. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's a tasty one, isn't it? &gt;&gt; The heavyweight division is on fire at the moment. You know, some great fights. It's it's had a real renaissance period. It's the blue ribbon division of boxing. And all these guys, there's so many so many good fighters in there. So many good fights happening. And uh again that if that one was to happen that would be a massive massive fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah it would it would I mean Moses you know the casual fan maybe might not know that much about him. How good can he be? &gt;&gt; Look he's 20 years of age. He's undefeated as an amateur. He he he won the European uh champions. Junior European champions. He knocks everybody out. Everybody he knocked out in in in those uh in those in in that event. And then for the world championships, he had every the ones he didn't knock out, he put them on the floor. He's a tremendous puncher. He He's had some He's on a real run of form. He's fighting on the 16th of August for the Riyad season show in in Riyad in a tough in in a in a really tough fight against Dillian White. It's a big step up for him. Uh if he comes through that, I mean, he's he will well and truly announce himself on the world stage. And that will be a, you know, if that fight were to happen with Joe Parker or any of those guys at the top, everybody's going to have a lot of interest in it because it in boxing, a lot of people see him as being the the hair to the throne. And I and I think they're quite right to to think that, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, so so many exciting fights out there potentially. Frank, great to talk to you. Thanks so much for spending the time with us today. &gt;&gt; It's a pleasure. All the best to you. Yet tech.