Kind: captions Language: en Frasar, welcome back. How do you process what happened to you and the manner in which it happened? Well, it's it's a distant memory now, but you know, it was the top of bottom is it was it was a big event. Millions of people seen it. It's hard to get away from it. You know, it's asked to me quite a lot. Um, I think the best way for me to process it is that I've sort of taken it like a man. You know, I've not made no excuses. I felt like I I trained well. I went into the fight confident. Thought the first round was going well. I know it's a bit cliche, but that old thing that's been said a million times about the fight, it's heavyweight boxing. I feel like that's as close to a a reason as I can get to it. You know, I got caught with a big shot. Um, and then, you know, I tried my best that because, you know, I'm a real fighter. I've got it inside me. I've got that that fight inside me. But, you know, the referee did what he did. And to be fair to the ref, um it was the right decision. You know, I I had a bad injury. Um and the doctors and everyone looked after me. So, really happy to be here now. And maybe if that fight had gone on, you know, we we never know, do we? It's interesting what you say there. It's heavyweight boxing. You've done it to other people. Did you ever think that it could happen to you? I think as a fighter, you're always a bit naive. Listen, you know the dangers of of boxing. We're not We're not stupid. But going into that fight, I didn't think that was going to happen. You know, we'd had 12 rounds previous huge shots I got caught within that fight. Um this time something just felt different. You know, got caught with a good shot on top of the head. And you know, even more recent, we've seen them top of the head shots. You see what we've seen what happened to Martin Boli. You know, when you get hit on the top on the top of the head, you scrambled. And there was a little one which which no one even points out. There's a little one that caught me on top of the head before one of the bigger ones. and and that really did scramble me and uh from there it was yeah my battle was against all you're probably the most relaxed about it all I would say out of everybody which is which is quite surprising but um it's because I suppose this is just my own personal opinion because when you see it happen to someone like you know you care about that you've worked with it can be quite scary did um has that landed at all you know that that people were worried about you you know it is a dangerous sport and to see you in that distress is quite shocking if I'm being brutally honest with Yeah, I mean I think what what it actually just showed me is especially coming to this fight week now, the last two, three weeks of buildup to a fight, you always get a lot of well wishes. I'm getting a lot of well wishes this time, but I'm also getting a lot of look after yourself, be careful. You know, you don't usually get it that much because people know what you're going into, but I think that was the harsh reality last time. you know, for myself and for everyone else that this can happen and but people only see the good side. People only see so far in my career me winning and and or or the draw having a good performance. No one sees the serious injuries. No one sees the hospital bed. No one sees, you know, the backlash, the the depression, the darkness. No one really sees that. So, up until then, it was a bit of a fairy tale story. And I think that's how it goes for a lot of young pros, you know, people that are just starting on their journey. I was only 10 fights in. I mean, not that you should you should prepare for that because you don't want that to ever happen. But people need to know that these things can happen. You know, it's this is the sport we're in. Do you believe in that you're only as good as your last performance? Because actually the performance before that was an absolute cracker. It was brilliant. You know, I'm sure you'll say I could have boxed better, but it was the British Border Control fight of the year. Probably the best British heavyweight title fight we've had in many years, if not one of the best ever. And you were part of it. And maybe people that's in the rearview mirror a little bit more now. I mean, I think people are quick to forget, but then again, like I say, you you are judged on the last time he was in the ring. And I stand by that with when I'm talking about fighters when when I'm working with you guys. I sort of go off that mantra that you're as good as your last performance. So, at the minute, I'm I'm starting from scratch, you know what I mean? And we we go again. Um, Sunday night, I have the chance to prove to people not the new version because I'm the same person. and just just improve, you know what I mean? So, I think every time you're fortunate enough to box on a platform like Sky Sports, like I've been my whole pro career so far, you get the opportunity to show the fans, the public who you are and what you're about. Last time out um I was obviously I was on massive platform, millions of people tuned in and what they seen was me with a dent in my head. Um very upset, knocked out in the first round, stopped in the first round. So I can understand people people's opinion, you know, like people saying, you know, he's not this, he's not that. And and that's fine. That's really is fine by me. But all I bang on is myself and the work that I've done since then going into Sunday to try and change people's opinions. I'm not here I'm not here for opinions. I'm here to win fights. I'm here to progress my career. But obviously the nature of the beast and where we're at and the fact that I'm very privileged to be, you know, like I say, boxing on Sky and so many people will tune in to watch. I it's in my hands to to to paint this picture of myself and and I plan on doing that. How quick was the decision to to jump straight back in? I think we saw you uh you know with with the injury with the jaw wide shut talking outside of your mouth having to eat non-solid food and you were like I'll be back quicker than you think. I mean it's it's shocked a lot of people how quick you are back. How long did it take you to make that call like got to get that back? Oh was in a heartbeat. I mean we talk about getting that back. If if you'd have offered me the Fabio Wley three it would have been a yes straight away. That's just the person I am. Do you know what I mean? Uh I'm a very proud person, very prideful person. If you offer me that fight again, take a heartbeat. But this is where we are. This is where we we landed. It didn't take me no time at all. Andy, you know, um the one thing about being an experienced fighter is you sort of know your own body. You know where you're at. And once I come out of the the brain scan in Saudi and I I was greeted by someone that could speak English and and another doctor and they were smiling and they sort of said to me, "Your brain is absolutely fine. You fractured your cheekbone." The relief in me was unbelievable. I felt I felt amazing. Um even though I dent in my head just to know that there was no serious issues. It was a Fractury the Chebo. I've been there before. I've been in that place before. I know I can come back from it. I've been there before and then come back and had a career that was like probably 10 years ago. So, um I knew I was I was going to bounce back and I knew I need to get back in straight away. I'm not one of them people to uh put it off, put it off, put it off. For me, the sooner the better. If I could have boxed two months ago, I would have. This is probably the last one I'm going to ask you around this before, you know, we talk about um the job at hand, but only you will know when you put those little gloves on and you step under the bright lights if you will have any doubt, any creeping voices from the shadows of, you know, any worry, any demons. Um, do you think that you will I mean you've trained, sparred with bigger gloves and headguards, but it was a it wasn't what looked like a big injury despite what you just said. Do you think that you will have demons to exercise under the bright fight night lights? Not at all. And and I know that's been said a lot. Um, will he be the same? Will this injury affect him? Blah blah blah blah blah blah. But that anyone's mouths come out of is people aren't fighters and a lot of ex ex- fighters have said that but they might have been ex fighters ex-p pros but are they really fighters because for me there's no concern at all um we are boxers we are a different breed we are naive in in the sense of we think about the the consequences afterwards you know what I mean at the time we're going all in I'm in you know what I mean from this from the second from the second I knew that it was just that that fracture I was coming back in and I was come in 100% with no worries in my mind. If I'm going to do this job, the job that I love, the thing I'm passionate about, I'm going to give it 100% do 100%. With no no fear in my mind of of the worst consequence because I'm coming here to win. I'm not coming here to think what if. What if I get hit with this? What if I get hit with that? It's not even in my mind. Yeah. I mean, that's evident in your first answer when you say if I could have if the ref would have let me carry on, I would have. which is quite frankly like a staggering statement just from me watching at ringside like you know you had to get in my mind you had to get to the hospital as quick as you could let alone fight more rounds or whatever but um Evan Aete you know he's been in with the best he tends to stay the course uh he causes the odd upset he can be wild he can be unpredictable what are you expecting and what do you have to do to make sure you don't come across a here well again you know we learn off our past experiences, but you got to be switched on at all times, you know. Um, I've seen over the years I've seen people fall victim to this sort of opponent, you know, thinking that this is a foregone conclusion. Well, I go into every fight not thinking that, you know, I put um I put an extra sort of pressure on the fact that this is this is someone that you cannot let even even for one second think they're going to be able to win. He's very tough. He's very durable. I'd say erratic. And even yesterday, like there wasn't too much to take from the open workouts. Listen, he didn't like Floyd Mayweather on the pads. There's no no mistake about it. But what I will say is that when these people look you in the eye and they don't come away and cow. My first few opponents, I can remember when I first turned pro, couple of people were there to to have a paycheck. This guy looked me straight in the eye. He got no fear of me. Um, I can already tell by the person he is and the character he is. I've only seen met him once in real life, but he sees other fights. This guy sees he's been in with bigger, tougher men than me probably, you know what I mean? So, he's not scared. Um, will he see this as an opportunity to box again on Sky Sports in front of a big crowd and other potential fighters come off it for him? Absolutely. Of course, he will. So, it's my job to go in there and be professional, stick to the game plan because listen, we we we work hard on these opponents. We don't just we don't just go in there to box, you know, we really do have a look at these guys and see their strengths, see their weaknesses and try and exploit them. And just finally, the goal remains the same in terms of your career. It's just a different path now. Absolutely. You know, I'm a I'm here. I always bring entertainment. There's no doubt about it. Um whether that's a classic fight or a dramatic fight, you know, something something there's always a big talking point. My goal is to have the biggest fights. At the minute, my short-term goal is still to become British champion. You know, I think that's after Sunday, after I've performed on Sunday. I think that's um something that we can start talking about. Not until not until I've done my job Sunday, but that's still the the goal for now. And after that, we'll try and take over the world. Now, my my goals are set high and people are going to doubt that. People are going to say, "Listen, it's unrealistic. Me sitting here now is proof that you can do anything. You can do anything. If you really believe in yourself and work hard, you can do anything." So, my goals are as high as as they can be. You know, I'm going to become a world champion. But for now, it's all about Sunday.