Kind: captions Language: en Well, hello and welcome to the Manchester Box Cup. A brilliant weekend of amateur boxing from the Lee Sports Village. A chance to see some of the best up and cominging talent in the amateur ranks. Who will be crowned the Manchester Box Cup champions of 2025. This isn't where champions are really made. Liftoff for ages. If you want to know about class, just look at Carthro. Natasha Jonas now three times a champion. That happens long before in the unpaid ranks where the elite rise to the top and make their mark. Fantastic fight between these two. The Manchester Box Cup 2025 [Applause] Finals Day, Sunday 25th of May on Sky Sports. The champions of tomorrow today. The box cup format featured both male and female bouts with a combination of noviceses who are very much in the early stages of their careers to elite amateurs who will soon be looking to move into the professional ranks. The competition took place over a 2-day period with most fighters having to come through semi-final bouts on Saturday before progressing to the finals 24 hours later. Let's take a look at some of the brilliant action from the finals. Starting with a Wales versus Ireland 63.5 kg clash between Emmanuel Manny Cidoreno and Carl Sheridan. Well, here we go in this one. Manny Ciderenko, I mean, they're both wearing black and gold, but he's got the red gloves and K Sheridan in the blue gloves. Both stopped yesterday and said, "You want to watch me? I'm going to be good for TV." So, who's going to be right? I think so far both were telling the truth. This is uh again straight down to business. You referenced it earlier, Lee Selby that you saw, he's actually in the Cidareno corner. So the red gloves. Yeah. And listen, if he's if he's training with C with Lee, he's he's going to be good. You know, Lee was was so excited. When I used to wear the security, he used to so many SLB fights. He's very very good. and his brother, one of the best amateurs to ever ever let put gloves on from Wales, from from the UK actually. Without shadow of a doubt, I'd agree with that. Can anyone ask me, probably the best amateur I ever saw, Andrew Selby, 100%. This is actually their only their third fight together. Uh Emanuel Sareno, he was got dual citizenship, so he's boxed internationally for Lapia. Carl Sheridan. He's heavy set, isn't he? Reminds me of Mark Dickinson a little bit. That was good right hand over the top to another one. misses. Some lovely work here from Sheridan. You know that the right hand is really quite in home for that. He 100% means business. Good right hand. And not too many jabs being all feeding out process here. These two really are landing big heavy shots so early on. Some rening around Sinenko's left eye. Oh, beautiful shot. Beautiful overhand right timed it bang on the money. And they were both throwing as well simultaneously. Both thrown at the same time. It was just who landed first. I'm going to repeat it. They were right, weren't they? This is a TV style fight. Definitely. Oh, again. Sidenko climbed into a right hand. That one doesn't quite land. Yeah, Sidenko. He's bottom well off to about four using that lateral movement to find the space. He's never staying on the ropes for too long cuz as soon as he does, Sheridan will unload with ones and twos like he did there. As soon as he's hold his feet, that's Sheridan's opportunity and he makes the most of it by opening up every time. twos and threes. This is absolutely brilliant action. Absolutely brilliant so far. You cannot keep your eyes off it. Nice feet from Cinderenko and a lovely right hand over the top again. Just timing that one really really good at the minute. Sheridan is trying to lead off. Come out. Come out the left. A beautiful shot and the jab down the middle. the the blood coming from somewhere. Oh, another right hand from Cureno. Yes, he just buzzed. Bob would have been Sheridan enough in there. It was just as he took that step back. Legs did quite He couldn't blame him because these right hands, whether they land flush or not, they're doing some damage, I think. Yeah, you know, look at look at all the heart in him though. He's still going forward. What a fighter. Yeah, he lands a couple of good right hands himself. Does KL Sheridan. What an opening round. What an opener. Oh my life. Surely, surely Fraser, there is no way they can go again and fight at that pace. I say that with zero confidence they're going to go straight to it. Yeah, he's straight out to work his Cinderenko. He's keeping the distance well, which I like. He's some more straight shots now. The straight back hand will do him well. And I love the lateral movement from him. Very nice shot. Beautiful straight right hand. It's all action. Just think if Sheridan could just perhaps slip that right hand on the way in. Easier said than done cuz he throws it really fast. Just close the distance a little bit at the at the moment. He's not quite again. He's not quite blocking that right hand. Yeah, it's that Lean, you know, the curse of so many boxers. Cursing myself. That lead's got to stay. You got to glue it almost. Good body shot for Sheridan about Sideno with a couple of good shots back as well. Yeah, I like I like Sireno's IQ at the minute. I like I like like the way he's moving me full of confidence and that's not just from them pink socks he's wearing. The way he's moving around that ring at the minute, but he looks really well. Yeah, the pink socks have made a comeback actually. I've seen a few on show today. Makes you stand out for the crowd and if you haven't got that wide catcher style, but Sideno's got a brilliant style. Look at Sheridan though. Both of them mixing up. This is beautiful action. It is impossible to call every shot because they're both landing at will. Brilliant. Again, I'll not stop saying it. This is what it means to these these fighters, you know, finals day. Bragging rights, taking these wins, you know, possibly going into championships for soon for both of them. It's very important. And there's nothing more important than wearing the colors of your club with your with your club badge on it. You fight for the pride all for the badge. All for the club. And leaving it all in there as well. And they both. Absolutely. They both are. Whichever way this one's going, neither is uh going to be guilty of looking in the mirror saying, "I didn't give it my best and I didn't give my all." Because this is this is top-notch stuff. Really is. I said tactically at the minute from Cinderenko, you know, like I said, the way he's using the distance, using it outside during the lateral movement, I think it's making Sheridan just, you know, just just think a lot, you know, you can't really pin him down, keep him in one space. Good left hand uh follows it with the right hand from Sheridan. Yeah, when Sheridan does get there, he's really effective. But I see Deno's movement, you know, he sort of takes away Sheridan's, you know, his offense. Yeah. And just to back that up, getting there, he's taking a couple of shots on the way in. Just like that. Good, great jab from Sideno. Oh, head's coming in close here. Got to be careful of that. I' I've got to commend the engine on these guys as well, you know, to fight this pace. Fantastic action. We just had it in that last fight. You think they're going to dip, they're going to fade. Okay, eventually they did, but this has been every bit as uh as fastpaced and they're just not letting up at the moment. That that's the amateur boxing that's it's a sprint, you know, whereas pro box is more of a marathon. These guys, they're out the gates and it's foot to the [Applause] floor. Big final round for both fighters needed here. You know, it's very even contest again. Yeah, but I think a big big a bigger round definitely needed from Sheran here both exchanging jabs. Oh my word. There's no there's no back foot in Sher. He just keeps coming forward. He's walked through some massive right hands probably though because he knows that he he may well be down and may well need to chase it and he's obliging. It's difficult now because he's got to be a bit cuter, but he's still got to apply the pressure. And Ceno, he knows this. So, as you can see, you know, the lateral movement around the back. He's just looking into sort of a nickn. Oh my word. What a shot. [Music] Take a bow to the end these two. This has been absolutely brilliant. [Applause] Good jab from Sheridan Junior. A beautiful work from both of them. Okay, Sheridan. You know, he's really playing his part here. He's non-stop. Yeah, good right hand from Sheeran not far away. Yes, it nearly climbed into sort of whipped it around the corner. Cedaro's feet, you know, very good feet. He's never in one place with for too long, you know. He really doesn't want to mix it with Sheridan, no knockdown, just uh little bit of untidy work there. I mean, they're feeling it. They're feeling it now. But to be fair, that's the first time we've even mentioned it. It has been really clean and fought in a brilliant uh spirit. Can Sheran just quicken those feet up. Nice volley shot. Yeah, really. And again, both sides Sharon maybe he has just fire found a little bit of an answer there to the body. He's absolutely committed to this. Shearan he's going for broke if it's how perhaps we've seen it and Ciderenko is in front. He needs this Sheridan and he's he's really going for it. You can see how much it means to both fight isn't this? They're both leaving it all in the ring and there's a lot of good skin on on display as well. Yeah, this isn't just, you know, swinging from the rooftops, the rafters trying to find a home run finish. This is really good, high quality stuff. Last 10 seconds of the third and final round in our 63.5 kilo final. Who is going to get the nod? Can anybody find a punch to finish it? No, it does go the distance. Brilliant again. Absolutely brilliant. Each and every time Fraser Clark puts his microphone down and claps both boxes home. What a spectacle. And the winner of this 63.5 kilo Manchester Box Cup final and champion for 2025 by a unanimous decision. The winner in the red corner, Emmanuel. Really good fight. Right decision for me again. Very, very good contest. [Applause] What's the future hold for you? What do you want to do now? Um, I'm just advertising myself. If I'm showing the world that I'm here, Eddie here and Frank Warren, anyone who wants me, I'm here. Just keep watching. I'll keep winning. And when you're ready to give me the contract, I'm here. Like, absolutely brilliant. Well, there is no better shop window than the Manchester Box Cup on Sky Sports. Congratulations. Thank you. So proud of Manny. Well done. Congratulations. Brilliant effort. Welcome back to highlights of the Manchester Box Cup 2025. In terms of all action contests, there were few, if any, better than the blockbuster between Jamie Graham and Blake Binskin. Here are some of the best moments. Blake Binskin in the blue. He is all action. He was all action yesterday. Straight down to business again. These are not feeling out and range fighters, are they? These are these are mean spirited punches here. No, you know, Binsky, this is definitely a tactic, you know, to put the pressure on. Nice left hand though from Jamie Graham. He finally just gets a little bit of space. Well, and that's what he's looking for. You know, Jamie Graeme is looking for space and time and he'd have them beautiful, you know, southpaw skills. Binskin's tactic here will be to put the pressure on and land a beautiful shot inside there underneath the underneath the elbows. Yeah, that that that leadand that lead and hook with a spin from the south ball is very much an Irish tradition. Come on. This is what you want. Both standing in center ring that we call a final. They want who who wants it more. Lovely shot. Lovely count inside. I'd like to see Binskin just find the shots a little bit more accuracy. He's hitting a lot of gloves. Yeah, just maybe just just pick the shot just a little bit better. But Jamie Graham, he tucks up really nice. And oh, good count of right hand from Graeme. He's coming back with a cleaner work for me on the inside here, Graeme. Even though he's he's not throwing as much volume, seems to be throwing the better shots. Oh, beautiful shot lead from Graeme. Binskin still being aggressive though. Still throwing hell for lever. Yeah, because when he gets up on his chest like this, he's quite happy just to throw and commit. There's nothing worse than not committing. I mean, he's he's all in just became a bit ragged there and paid the price. That was good work from Jamie Graham. Yeah, it's in in these exchanges, it's the cleaner shots you're looking for. And for me, this round, even though he probably hasn't throw as much volume, Graham, he seems to be landing the cleaner shots, the ones that are really taking note, the ones the judges can clearly see. Which way is this going to go? Fraser Clark been such a good final. Binskin. Yeah, commendable effort from both fighters. You know, Binskin really, really, he's all action. He's one of them fighters, you're you're going to love to see. He's definitely going to have a good crowd following him. We love fighters that come. It's all action. But Graeme, you know, he sort of matched him and I I didn't think he would. I thought he was going to be a back foot fighter, but he's got Rock Binskin who he just walks through it. But that's a brilliant shot. You're not going to see a cleaner shot than that all day. Yeah, he's waiting for him to punch and he's come back with them car as a lead up the backand. It's made such a good uh style matchup though, hasn't it? It's made so watchable. Great to watch. [Applause] These feel like 10-minute rounds. I feel like we've been here all day. This has been amazing. He just has not stopped. Last 10 seconds. I can see them both going for it now. I really can. Great effort from both fighters. Which way is that? Really good. Really good. Absolutely applaud both of our fighters there. Absolutely brilliant. And the winner of this 60 kilo Manchester Cook Box Cook final and champion for 2025 by a split decision. The winner in the red corner, Jamie Graham. Yeah. Right. Right decision for me. Big hand on Binskin as well. Get the impression that one's going to hurt either way. Yeah. Yeah. Binskin put so much into that and did really well. But you know, like I say, I think the cleaner would have come from Graeme, but really, really well matched final and they're the kind of fights we love to see. Yeah, I thought it could have gone either way. I would have bots, but I hurt my back in the first show. I couldn't really get moving, but I don't know. Could have went either way, but I thought I got it cleaner shots and stuff. Now, Fraser called it right. He said, you know, that that counter punching style was very easy on the eye. When you got someone like that flying across at you, how difficult is it to keep a cool head in a hot kitchen? It's tough as nails. I was hitting him everything and he wouldn't leave me alone. So, we need to find out what he's doing in training to get that fit. The tournament was well supported by a strong Irish contingent, including world silver medalist Carla Peak, who met Sa Moin at 50 kg. [Applause] And then some good body work from Peak there. Yeah, I think Mine wants to be a bit more bit more aggressive here. I think she's going to struggle on the back foot just with the eye difference. Uh just try and close that distance and get inside those long arms. Well, similar to the last fight, work down to the body and then come back over to the head at that range there. More than likely she's going to get picked off. Um Cara, she's uh you can tell she's a good amateur. Yeah. First thing I noticed, really good textbook jab, full extension, her left hand, and she just uses it as a rangefinder and slams the right hand off the back of it. Yeah. Said her a few times now. She's led with a back hand straight off, which is a bit unusual to see. Lead up cut there. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. I was just about to say that Keith did she did then switch down to the body. But she was guilty of pushing Modí's head down. That is worth referencing. Last 10 seconds now. Still throwing to the end. I swear. It's been a good watch. Yeah, there is a clear winner here though, which is going to be Cara Pig. But credit to Sanim Bean as well for staying in there and throwing all the way to the finish, which actually landed a couple of good right hands right before the belt. Definitely. But Cara Peak I think can put an asterisk next to her name. There's definitely and the winner of this 50 kilo Manchester Box Cup final and champion for 2025 by a unanimous decision. The winner in the red corner Carla Peak. Very impressive. And a big hand for Sam Bean as well. Yeah. Well, I'm boxing now in the elites at 51 and I kind of feel like that's my natural weight now. I'm nice and happy at 51. So, I'd hope to go to the next Olympics now at 51. And if that doesn't happen, obviously a boy in my club now owning he's gone pro and I obviously look up to him a lot. So, I think I would go pro then after that. Yeah. DCU's Terry McKente had caught the eye winning his semi-final on Saturday, but faced a local favorite in Wildcard ABC's William Potter, who had former world title challenger Martin Murray as part of his corner team. He's getting a little bit scuffing center there. Yeah, but Mackie shot body shots getting little digging ones in from William. just getting underneath their mouth balls. He's left up over the top as well. This is good action. This is what we wanted. Really good. Both of the guys really going for it here. Four punch combination from Mackenzie was class. Ah, now step out left over the top as well. It was anything like the second round. Fraser Park just gested over to me as if to say that was brilliant, wasn't it? It really was. Oh, bumped away. Qualifies. I told you Mark, I did tell you if it was anything like yesterday and they have delivered. Definitely this is warmed into a really good contest. Yeah, but I I think you're right. It could be all to play for. Certainly Potter had a really good first round and you felt like Mckenzie was trying to build himself over the top there by Terry. Yeah, that was what he's looking for. And again, nice body shot. Oh, that's brilliant from Mckeni. He's in the ascendancy definitely. Oh, beautiful body shot though, Kai. Very good fight. The old boxing cliche, isn't it? But who does want this more in these crucial last few seconds? Yeah, that's what it's going to come down to here. Oh, good action. Really, really good action. Who's going to find the crucial shot that could perhaps make a difference in this? Good jab from McKenti. Potter switches southpaw again. Oh, and lands a love left hand to the body. Potter. Brilliant. I didn't think he was as effective as a south, but he absolutely shut me up dead there. Brilliant. Looks for the uppercut as well. Back to Orthodox. Oh, Mckenzie just slips a right hand and then brings his own right hand through the middle. Brilliant. Good jab, McKenzie. Last 10 seconds. A this is anyone's on a finish. Oh, lovely shots. What a fight. That was really, really good action. If you're tuning in and you've not watched, that is what the Manchester Box Cup is all about. Brilliant stuff. Well done to both boxers. That was class. And the winner of this 71 kilo Manchester Box Cup final and champion for 2025 by a split decision. The winner in the blue corner William Potter and a big handler and his supporters as well. He pulled it out the fire I think because you know there were times there right towards the end he looked spent. He does the down inside and he found it. Well done to him. Billy, I'm all right. Are you all right? That was absolutely brilliant. People said to us, "You got to watch Billy Potter." That is what the Manchester Box Cup's all about for us. You must be delighted. 100% made up. All the hard work's been done now. And I knew we had a good kid on me today who's had running 60 odd bouts. Everyone, he's been beating at three different weight categories. I knew it was going to be a tough one, but I thought I've got the art and the desire to keep pushing every round and it Yeah. In a battle of the two Kans, Dugen met Kramer in an allIrish clash in the final of the 67 kg division. Two south paws as well, I think. Is that looks that way? Kramer high advantage. So, let's see how this one goes. First observations. I mean, these two know exactly what they're doing, don't they? These are Yeah, this is a no disrespect to anything that we've seen before this, but this is a step up in in quality and levels. That's obvious. Yeah. Sharp with a jab for both. Kramer in the blue, Den. A Yeah, lovely shots. Yeah, that was really good. That was sort of first and third there. Like I said in the last last fight, little standout moments in these amateur rounds when they can be close. You're picking the eye catching shots. And uh nice work again there. Little right right hook around the side just to open that up and then straight down the middle with the left hand. Yeah, it was a good left hand from Kramer in the blue. He's got long levers, isn't he? Uh Kramer. He's got the the height and the reach advantage. Just shakes out his arms there. You think Dugen just got to try and just close that gap a little bit if he can? Yeah, he's going to struggle. Just struggle at range. Got to get them feet up close and then as previous get up close, work that body and then come back over the top at the minute. He's just staying out that range too long. Not quite busy enough and he's just being outworked. Nice right up there from uh from Kramer. Yeah, it's a cuffing shot and I Yeah, I just wondered if he might get a tick off of that. wasn't quite on the knuckle part of the glove, but it was a it was a good shot. It just didn't quite land cleanly, but we're down to the body. Oh, lovely left hand there. Yeah, it's good from Dublin. He's had the most success the second round. He's not sure it's enough to win the round, but it's um a lot more competitive. Got good judgment of distance though, Kramer, hasn't he? Uh I can only imagine this is where you want to be in a fight. Making your opponent come to you. Good jab. Lovely jab there. Moving off well that jab as well. Jab little spin-offs. Heads come perilously close there. Oh, good left hand from Kramer. Was he getting a ticking off there? Not not too sure. Good back handle. Yeah, it was nice feet again there. Just reading him a little bit too easy as he's coming in there. A really good fight though. Full competitive fight one I've just edged towards Crrame in the blue corner. Yeah, he finished like a man who was on top and confident. Uh confidence was flowing through him. Definitely. That was good contest though. Really enjoyed that. Ladies and gentlemen, we are in ring A. Can I ask you to give both boxers a big round of applause please? [Applause] And the winner of this 67 kilo Manchester Box Cup final and champion for 2025 by a unanimous decision. The winner in the blue corner, Kian Kramer. And a big hand for Kian Dugen as well. Well, Mark, that was good scoring again from you. You've been pretty on the money here. I think uh Kramer first and third. They were good, weren't they? And a kiss to the camera. He loves it. Kan Kramer this week. I feel I performed very well. I was boxing a good good lad, you know. Um, obviously I had the pull out yesterday. It wasn't what I wanted, but you have to just throw the punches, you know, but uh I'm over the moon, you know. Um, all I can say is precious for diamonds. I'm a diamond. I told you this. I told you yesterday I said you found a star and I am that star. You know, there was plenty of attention and hype surrounding new era's Tobias Taylor, a European gold medalist in the 80 kg final. So you got Tobias Taylor in the lumines best vest. He boxed really well yesterday. Very relaxed, very easy on the eye. Ali Ari as well. A little bit more of an orthodox stance. Uh traditional boxing sort of stance, high guard, nice jab, but so far not much in it, you would say. Tobias Tenner throws a lot of punches from unorthodox angles. And lovely screw shot through the middle with the left hand early on in the contest and then just lands with a right hand there. He's got long levers, nice range, good, good long shots. Nice. Yeah. In and out. And then he's gone again. He He's not there as a stationary target for Ali Armadi to hit at the moment. [Applause] He's got a real sort of uh hit list of accomplishments as Tobias Taylor. Euro gold, Euro bronze, England box cut, twotime national champion, triions champion. I ran out of paper to be honest. He couldn't stop listing them. I might just saw the right hand up through the middle as well. And then what a body shot that is from Taylor. really really created an angle and a lovely right uppercut as well. I make you 100% right. Second rounds uh you just see a little bit of a change in the dynamic. I I feel like Taylor may well have got a good foothold in this fight. Certainly some of the angles that he's creating Tobias Taylor in the uh the red head guard. You can actually see it on the back of his vest there. Taylor really really good angles that was off the back of some encouraging work for Ali Amardi as well. [Music] The cup in to a left hand from Taylor was more off balance than anything else. There's a couple of really good there. Well spotted Callum. Really good solid again. Yeah, he's got his he's got his range distance Taylor especially when he brings him up through the middle. Got some really nice slick moves. Oh, what a shot again. There's nothing wrong with Ali Ardi's chin. Just throws in a little early shuffle there, Taylor. Good body shot from Ali Ari. Yeah, loading up with that single body shot in it, but not really following up much from it. And when you're getting caught with shots like Taylor's throwing at him, you need to be doing a little bit more than that instead of just the single shot. A jab of Taylor just snaps the head back of Ali Alardi. Last 10. Can anybody make the scene come on then? Shining him into the ring. Good fight. Another good fight. Really good fight. Some high quality stuff. Yeah, there's some great talent again. The these two 16 years old and yeah, there's some some amazing talent on on display here today and it's uh that's good. It's good to see. And the winner of this 80 kilo Manchester Books Cup final and champion for 2025 by a unanimous decision. The winner in the red corner Tobias Taylor as well please. Yeah, saw in books yesterday, saw in books today. That is the first time I've seen him box. I think he has a very high ceiling. Does Tobias Taylor? Very, very impressed. Listen, I've been injured. I've had to have six or seven weeks off. Not training, losing me place in the nationals, but I'm back. I'm back on top. I'm coming back into it now. Recently been moved back up to the performance camp. And I'm back. I'm back. And I'm back for good. And there just 10 times more better to come. It's not It's far from the best. Without doubt, the attention of the casual fan was drawn to the 80 kg final between James Dean Fury and Kieran McDade. Fury, because of the name and growing reputation, had received plenty of media coverage in the buildup. But Kieran McDade was taking part in his final ever amateur contest, so was desperate to leave the sport on a win. Who would emerge victorious in the Manchester Box Cup final? Okay, here we go. Three rounds or less, 80 kg final in the Manchester Box Cup. James Dean Fury in the blue. All in blue. Ala blue corner. Kieran McDade. Jimmy Eaggan's Boxing Academy in the black vest with the red gloves. So much to like about both of these. They really boxed well yesterday. Kieran McDade with a body shot stoppage which was probably the knockout of the weekend so far. He's not messing about. He's here on Strictly Business. Lot of hype around the Fury obviously because he is a Fury but he boxed really well yesterday. This is no gimmick. He can box and he can fight. So this Callen Sixon should be a brilliant curtain closer for the Manchester Box Cup. Yeah, I think the Buff come out now to make sure get established. I think Kieran's probably been the busiest at the start but you know Furish to get jam established a few shots off there. Yeah, there was a good right hand at the end of that exchange. I've not when I when I saw another Fury, you know, I wasn't sure what to think, but I've spoke to a few people here today and yeah, like I said, not he's no gimmick, I've been told and see the real deal. So, we'll find out. Yeah, but Kieran McDade, he's a product of the Joe Gallagher Academy. Joe racing very high. McCauley McGawan is here twisting my arm saying, "Look, we got to keep an eye on him." And we're privileged as well because this is Kieran McDade's last ever amateur fight. Win, lose, he's turning pro after this. Good job there from Fury. Nice long jab. Yeah, there was battle of the jabs and maybe Fury's just got there first. It was the more eye-catching [Applause] shot. Can't quite work it out between them. Been in the gym since he was 14 years old. James Dean Fury just looking at the far side of that ring. Callum, tremendous support. I think virtually everybody has stopped. Beautiful one two there from McD. Yeah, everybody stopped. All they're doing to come and watch this. And if they were watching at that moment, McDade with a really good right hand, arguably the punch of the fight so far. This is Fast and Furious. Their high skill level on show here. They're they're pretty evenly matched. [Applause] Good left up from Fid there. Left left up return from Fury as well. Yeah, nearly went over the top rope there. Just both so eager and intent on having the the most impactful say in those exchanges. Fury throws a nice left hand that he can't quite seem to read McDade at the moment, but McDade is really effective as well when in his own hands go. [Applause] Good for one, two again. That's probably the best shots landed on the full fight. Yeah, if McDade had that good right hand earlier in the round, that was Fury's exchange. And then another good one from Fury. The last 30 seconds there, they both got some great work off. Great work. I don't want to do any disservice at all to everyone involved at Homes Chapel, but Peter Fury, if he if he tells you, you kind of got to listen. Great uncle Peter Fury, who's had James D. Fury in the gym since he was 14 years [Applause] old. What an atmosphere in here. Absolutely brilliant for this. I'm trying to listen to everyone. Everyone's staying behind. And they all seem they all seem to be enjoying it. They also enjoying the fight. And it's uh interesting. Fury stood up still not boing to be seated in the corner still stood up. Looks fresh, but so does Kieran as well. Couple of the fighters from earlier on. That's uh James D. Fury's brother as well. Far left introduced me yesterday. That was Mark Greenery and Indie Kelly as well that just won the the final second round. Come out with that job. Keep it long. Nice and sharp. Not landed one yet, but keeping him busy. Nice latch up on Kieran there. Oh, good one from Kiri. Yeah, right hand came round the side just cuffed McDan as well. Oh, backhander. McDade landed a nice right hand. You caught it at the time. They're both really going for it here. So much expectation and hope with as soon as standing room only at ringside. As soon as one lands a good one too, they won't return straight away. Five got ted and call it. No, exactly. You can't pull all of them because there's too many being thrown. Not all the landing though. Fury takes a right hand on the way in. But once he got there, I think he shot just landed around the side as well for for Fury. So it's what you like in that exchange. Good work with the left hand of Fury. Yeah, definitely getting better work with the jab this round. Fury definitely getting better work jab. Yeah, and McDade, he showed some real glimpses in that first round with the jab on if he could just sort of set things up with the jab. There's a right hand at the end there from McDade that landed. Didn't see this in the first round. Just for the first time, just getting a little bit scrappy. Understandable. They're both probably trying a little bit too hard in the final. Oh, heads come together there. Doesn't look to be any obvious damage. Thank goodness. Back on the weight in the 80 kg [Applause] [Music] final two attack. one from uh from Kieran in with a jab then back out and then back in with the one two for Rat and Mander beautifully as well. Fury who does box with a Furious style again [Applause] and I think probably the right hand from Fury was the the best shot in that exchange. the culling shot for print on the side and the the ball from box to eight. They both land in deep shot for the Nos getting involved inside as well. A great exchange here. Oh, that's a nasty incident. That was more of a wrestling move and it was coming as well. There was frustration on both sides. You could just moments before it happened. You could see it coming. Just wondering if everybody just coolheads here might prevail. So much riding on this final. Can't blame him, but it's who might keep their emotions in check here, which might have the final say. Good right hand for Fury Cannon. Back another little bit back hand again. Yeah, I feel getting a bit messy on the inside here, but yeah, I don't think McDade needs to force it as well. You know, he's got fast hands himself. Countless with back hand twice. Twice answers back with a left hand. That was good action at the end there. I was just almost being a little bit critical mate. he could just just take a second and then he did and he found the home. But Fury either side of that had some good success. It's good action. Yeah, I said that the Fury landed good shots at the start and then did come back with a few himself and then but I think Fury just finished that uh that um that end with a few few shots land landed again though sort of stressed wouldn't really want to be a judge in this one because it's so fast and furious. Some of it's clean, some of it's missing. I think that round though, Fury just gone that that backhander, the the coming backhand there almost coming long and straight, but just pulling around the side as well at the same time without the the more telling shot. I think sometime when you've got a fight when both fighters have to trade on the inside, sometimes it's about them the telling shots of the the the big the big the single fear shots like the back and there Peter Peter and you watch watching on. Yeah, Benchelong there wing side as well. Fox are part of this event. Third and final round. Yeah, third and final round of the Manchester Box Cup on Sky Sports. Goodbye from McDday. Definitely. That'll give him a confidence boost at the start of this final round. Either way, a round that he probably has to win that they both have to. It probably is all on this last round. I'm going to have to watch this fight back in slow motion for when that the speed on them for these to accelerate to Kilo when on the inside the pulling shot so fast. Can't even see what landing properly. Yeah, that's that's why we're just a guide, you know. We're not scoring it. It's a tough job scoring this. James Dean just looking out to Uncle great uncle Peter for some advice. But Dave pushing the action. Fury just perhaps holding on the blind side of the referee there. McDade was trying to free his hands. Good right hand from McDade as well. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] just out of range. Fury just trying to use that left hand as as a rangefinder. Couldn't get into range. Left his feet behind him a little bit. Crucial moments, key moments in this fight. Can Eid make an impression? That's a good fury period of work there. But Made answers back. That one might have snuck around the back of the head, but the referee's trying to let him work it [Applause] out. They were both playing all in this final round up there. Yeah, no way. No believe anything there. [Applause] But again, it's just all down for on what the other thing can be the cleaner shots because to me I the minute I can't split this round. The ball thrown that many shots, landed that many shots. He could still be all up for grabs last few moments. Purely lands a short right hand just as Mday was trying to free himself up and that's unfortunate. Is a bit messy there in that corner right above us. [Applause] nose uh seems to have opened up as McDade. I think one of those shots did get through from Fury earlier on. Yeah, we are just going to stop. So the uh the doctor can just wipe away the blood. It's a welcome rest bite, you have to say. Just one last big deep breath. Yeah, definitely. Both have to have a nice little breather before they uh get stinging again. Listen in a few seconds. Listen, that that gas pedal is going to the floor. I can assure you of that. The handb breaks off last few moments. Good jab from Fury. Oh, and both open up. Quality there on the back porch landing the just just landing the the free cleaner shots. And that is it. I didn't I didn't hear the belt. I didn't hear the bell. It's so loud in here. Well, they both gave 100%. Yeah, they both passed the left knot off the left there. Definitely. Yeah, you can't ask for more than that. And you know, the sheer weight of expectation around us, it's crippling, isn't it? Look at the fans. You know, the amount of people who are here just to see what's going to happen in this 80 kg final. [Music] And as we've gone to the judges scorecards, they have arrived at a split decision. And the winner of this 80 kilo senior Manchester box final and champion for 2025. By a split decision, the winner in the red corner, Kieran [Applause] McDade. Kieran McDade gets it. I don't think there'll be serious complaints there because it was one of those fights. It's It's what you liked. They both really went for it. Yeah, definitely. You can't complain either way. You know, that fight, we've all seen fights where there you think there's a clear winner and you call Rob, but that Yeah, that definitely wasn't one of them. Both lads are getting out there proud. Should be proud of themselves and show the team's proud and uh they'll not be complaining about that. Amazing way to finish my career. I've had 105 fights. Won two national titles, seven Northwest titles. Won multi multiple box cups. Ready for the pros now. I feel more like more than enough experience. I'm ready ready for going pro. It's early in the morning, but you know, go for I've got my chicken fried rice, salt and pepper chips, salt and pepper ribs, everything. Darling, I just want to say a massive thanks to my mother. Yas me. She does everything for me. That work hard, dude. This is only half my friends. Make some noise. Yeah. If I watch the guy you boss, he'd be a sleep mate. It's one of them sports where no one really loses. Everyone just learns. I'm so proud of him. Sky Sports [Applause]