Kind: captions Language: en Yes. Well, good afternoon and welcome to South London Mer the Booth Gym uh which is absolutely packed with talent and one man who's right at the top of his game at the moment is with me now Harlem Eubank. I'm going to call you welterweight contender because that's where you are now. Big fight against Jack Castel coming up July 5th. Um step up in weight and and a definite step up in quality of opposition as well. How how confident are you get this job done? I'm very confident. I've worked all my life for this type of fight. Um and we're here now. We're we're up against one of the best in the world and I'm ready to prove that I'm up there, you know, that I'm ready to fight for a world title and um I've been putting in the work behind the scenes here in this gym for for the last, you know, 10 11 years and this is what I've been working for. I'm ready. Why now? Why 147 now? Because you were you were making waves and had a good ranking down at 140. There's no secret that welterweight still holds the in many people's minds the glamour division. Um big names there. Jack Castle is a big name himself. But uh how would you say you're benefiting from that extra few pounds? First off, I want to fight the best in the world and the best in the world are at 147. This is the best division, the hottest division in the world, you know, right now. So I'm ready to be in that mix. I'm ready to fight the best. Um, I feel good, feel strong, and you know, I'm growing into the weight. Yeah, I'm going to be I'm going to be very strong in there on July 5th. Yeah, I mean, it's a hope you don't take this as an insult, but it's a great time to be a EU bank. You were part of uh the wider team of your cousin Chris Junior. How do you reflect on that whole event, which was quite frankly a brilliant uh crazy up and down whirlwind of an event? It's Eubank supremacy. That's that's what it is. Uh it's the era, you know, the the name's right back where it belongs. And uh you know, my uncle and my cousin have, you know, have uh wielded it high. And what a night it was um in Tottenham. Unbelievable. And um you know, I'm ready to go in there and and leave my mark, you know, at world level July 5th. It's it's a huge night. And um I'm ready to carry the name high. Yeah. on Chris and Connor. You've been a little bit vocal and not scared of giving your opinion. Do you think we'll see it again? I know you had quite grave concerns about the weight cut that that Chris went through and whether or not he should do that again. Um, do you think we will see it again or would you rather that he chased something different? I know you've mentioned Canelo in the past. I think he's he's earned the Canelo fight. Um, he's 35 years old. I don't want to see him go through any nasty weight cuts. um you know, people trying to disadvantage him in the ring and I want him to go in fully fueled and um he's earned his opportunity to go in there and fight the best in the world and that man is Canelo Alvarez. But do you think he will? This is slightly different what you hope and what you think. Do you think he will rematch Convent? Who knows? Who knows? It might be, you know, might be on the table before that Canelo fight, but let's see. I think he's uh you know, I think that dance has been done. You know, I think he's he's he's gone in there the weakest version of himself, a shell of himself on the night and got the job done pretty convincingly. So, I'd like to see him go in there and fight Canelo next. Let's finish with you. You're you're a proud Eubank. You always have been uh do you think get through this against Catal which is no easy task, but you could one day lift a world title? 100%. It's uh it's in the very very near distance, but my full focus is on Jack Cater. He's a world class operator and when I beat him, I'll be ready to win a world title. Harlem, thank you so much for having us down here today. Uh you wouldn't guess it, would you? Cuz Harlem is is dressed. He he likes the heat, he says. I'm I'm absolutely dying here. It's a hot gym. There's plenty of talent. You see David Adlay hitting the pads behind us. Thank you so much for joining us. Best luck on July 5th. And uh yeah, come back and join us later cuz there'll be plenty more plenty more uh big names in here that we're hoping to hear