Kind: captions Language: en Oh my, how good was it, Johnny? Yesterday you did an appeal down the camera to Chris Eubank scene and I know you spoke to him this morning just how good it is that he's in the house. He's here with Chris's sons. And seeing these pictures put a lump in my throat. That's a father and son, not a manager in a fighter, not a promoter in a fighter, a father and son. So regardless what has gone on between them, Chris understands the importance of being here tonight for his son. And that was our conversation and that was all just to remind him that is your son regardless. So you're saying you made the difference? No, no, no. Just reminding him who he was very quickly psychologically Conor Ben is watching on of that arrival. What's that going to do? How is that going to get inside his head for those pictures we saw of Nigel and and Connor watching? I am telling you it's like uhoh. It's because now he's got his army. I mean, the crowd here when senior was shown, they went wild. You know what? I'm just happy for the the family, the ubike corner. I actually thought for Chris to just do whatever they've done, whatever conversation they've had, he's probably said, "Junior, I'm coming with you." That was it. Conversation done. Ripped over. He's just here to support his son. And that will lift him so so much. Exactly. because we we spoke about at the top of the show about we saw the different side to Chris at the press conference, a rather emotional side to Chris. You can see that it was really bothering him that he has had this arange relationship with his father and that he might not be here tonight. A boost indeed for Christian. Well, it's not a negative, but I said all along that nothing really affects Julia. So, yes, it's a positive. I don't necessarily think it's a positive that's really going to blow him up anymore, but I think it's going to have a negative effect on Connor Ben. You saw Connor and his dad watching the arrival and when they saw Senior, they palpably paused and it was a shock to them. Now, if you want to catch someone out, leave it until the last moment where they don't have time to readjust. So whether it was deliberate or not or this man's masterpiece, I think it will play into Judy's favor. Yeah, a lot of this week has been about the mind games between the two fighters and it is continuing right up until the 11th hour. We know that Billy Joe Saunders is meant to be going into Chris Eubank Junior's dressing room to watch his hands being wrapped, but Johnny, we can see here now he he is an eager man. He he wants to get in there now. But at the end of the day, if they don't want to let him in, they will just not let him in. They will have to get a replacement. So, you might say, "He's not coming in. What can you do? If you want this fight to happen, you got to find somebody else." But this just plays into exactly what you just said there, Adam. This surely will not get inside. Absolutely. And that's exactly how I would play it. I don't care who they think they're sending to the changing room. If we're not going to let them in, they're not coming in. They need to nominate someone else. You put people on the door that will not bow down and just don't let him in. And I suspected that would happen. Connor Ben though, he experienced something tonight that perhaps Johnny he's not so used to. He he walked in well walked into the building to some booze and now we just have to watch Senior arrive as well and he watched it in his dressing room. How how does that get any? Surprised us all at the weigh- in. Connor came into to kind of cheers the one that was Bund was Junior. Then this reality's kicked in. Now all of a sudden his mind's gone back to two years ago when all the the the the the the haunting of his career and and the the backlash from the public is thinking really is this is this for real? So now the mind games are in the Ben household and so to me I just think it's even Stevens now we're on this man here that looking at camera he's milking it and he knows for a fact just being there not saying a word says a thousand words for his son to everybody I have to ask this was this all part of the plan all along do you think no I don't believe it was the conversation we had today that this was not planned this were not pre-planned I I I really don't believe that. It was a sincere conversation. I think I think tonight Chris has had a a hard strong think about this. And you know what? As long as though two just for tonight as a father and a son, forget about whatever beast going on, we all do. We've all had four lights with our parents. Put it on the just push it away. You still love your child. you don't even if you don't like what they're doing. But as we spoke about the generations, the cross generations of this fight, knowing that you've got Nigel Ben, you've got Connor Ben, you have junior and senior here, it's like the whole puzzle is put together. We're going to be watching something quite special tonight. And that there is no doubt. The the interesting thing is really going to be I think Connor Benner has been protected and shielded in the buildup to this fight. He's been training in a Yorker. Eddie Hearn's been very vocal up front in front of him and Eddie and I think he's been protected. The one thing he can't be protected from tonight is the atmosphere that's going to potentially be against him because when we heard the booze on his arrival and the cheers on Eubank Junior, that type of energy when you've never been in that situation before can at best for you unsettle you. So, it's going to be very interesting to see how that affects him because I think it