Kind: captions Language: en Ben Whitaker, congratulations. I mean, so much intensity, so much hype, so much has been said. What about that to answer any critics? Did you think that that was the sort of performance that you were capable of producing? First of all, I want to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. If it wasn't for him, this would not be possible. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's it. I think a lot of people in the industry thought that this again could be a tough fight. Again, you would have to probably wade through some deep waters. I think very few people picked an early stoppage for Ben Whitaker. I should have done the 12 now, shouldn't I? But uh all jokes aside, we knew we' do that. The way I've been performing in camp, I said it was very cliche, but it was the best camp of my life. And I've got so much to thank Andy Lee. A lot of people after a fight like that, they washed the hands of me. And I liked it. But Andy came out and said, "Look, I know what you've got inside of here. Come to Ireland and let me show you what you can do." And that's what we did. Look, I have to ask about post fight what happens there. There's obviously an incident in the corner. The pictures, you know, they interpret it in various ways. Did you spit there at that corner? I have to say, "No, no, I'm asking here." No, Andy. I'm I'm saying that the pictures this is your your chance to address it. The pictures there obviously you celebrated in their face. I have to ask you that. Listen, you heard everybody boo me, man. They're portraying me as a bad guy, but at the end of the day, I worked very hard. My emotions came out and I was roaring like a lion. If a little bit of dribble came out, a bit of dribble came out. But at the end of the day, Jesus is king and he is the one that put the spirit in me tonight to perform the way I did. Listen for I know that you both think I've lowb blowed you there. The pictures, everybody's talking about them. I just have to ask you about that. Listen, you no one can underestimate what this man has gone through in the last six I don't know how many months since the first fight with Cameron. Yeah. mental mentally the the barrage of insults and he's a the fact that he's still standing here in the ring tonight like not many people could put up what he's gone through and he's still here and he's done stand and he's come out and perform like that his emotions are bound to get carried away this is a champion and listen I know for a fact I'm not going to spend time with somebody who's not worthy of my time this guy is the best person you will ever spend time with and he is an emotional guy and he did lose control but That's only natural considering all he's been through in the last six or seven months. Well, I've just given you the opportunity to to have your say on it. What about what comes next now? Because obviously that's a statement performance. Very few people have done that to Liam Cameron, if anyone. So, I think perhaps things are back on the rails. So, where's this journey going? Fair play to Liam. Uh we spoke in the ring and he said, "No one's ever hit me like that." And then I hugged him and thanked him. I said, "Thank you very much." Because what happened in Saudi needed to happen. It It made me open up the door. It made me work harder. I'm still flashy. I'm still swaggy. You saw me on that ring walk. It was beautiful. When I came in here, I was very disciplined. And people knowing now I can hit. Dare I say there was a little bit of the old Ben Whitaker there. We kind of became used to the flash and the brash. And we didn't see that in the first fight that maybe that natural flare is something you need to harness. People need to understand my lifestyle went 100 miles an hour. I come from a humble family. My dad worked two jobs. My mom worked two jobs. And then everything was coming. People was following me. People was driving past my house, calling me doing this and that. So I got lost in it. But what I did was calm down, go to Ireland, lock in. And you saw Ben Whitaker there. The real Ben Whitaker. I'll ask you on who what you want to do next. Let's bring in Ben Shalom. probably a relief man from that sort of performance. Firstly, I'm just so proud of him. I'm so proud of him. To see what he's gone through in the past six months is incredible. I wouldn't wish it on anyone, but he's just proved what he is, and that is an elite light heavyweight that's going to go right to the top of the sport. I'm so happy for him, happy for his family, but the future is so, so bright. This is the biggest star in British boxing, and he's going to prove that. So, who do you want next? I have to ask you. You know, this is your platform. There's going to be a lot of people that want to fight you. We know that. So, who do you want to fight? Get me to Five Guys, man. I've been in Ireland, uh, dieting, living the life, thanks to my nutritionist, Scott, but it's Five Guys now. I need some food in my belly. I've had enough of that broccoli and rubbish. You've earned it tonight. Quality performance. Well done.