Kind: captions Language: en But the big breaking news in the last hour that Tyson Fury will come out of retirement for the fifth time in his career. The former heavyweight world champion will take on Arsenal Beck Makmov. This is in the UK in April. So, we've got Sky boxing expert Andy Scott to join me now to get some more details. Andy, should we be surprised that he's making a comeback? &gt;&gt; Well, thank you for having me. Did he ever go away? You know, uh, boxing is louder and more colorful with Tyson Fury back in the mix. That's one thing I would say. He's been teasing it. So, I would say that, you know, we can all pretend to be surprised. Uh, perhaps the dates and the details are news to us, but everybody thought he would be back. You know, he's been out in training camp in Thailand with his family. If you follow Tyson Fury on Instagram, you would have seen uh that the momentum is building. He's trained behind closed doors with uh unfamiliar trainers, it has to be said. But boom, out comes the announcement today. The Mac is back uh April the 11th on Netflix. Tyson Fury returns home to the UK to box for the first time in four years. And if you are a regular watcher of Sky Sports News, we had Spencer Brown on just a couple of weeks ago and he said there's a final short list of three opponents that Tyson Fury could box. He didn't give us the other two, but he did say that Arsenal Beck Mudov was near the top of that list and that has proved to be the right uh call. So the 36y old Russian, you know, he's an interesting character. We've seen him here before and I know we're going to go on to talk about him shortly, but uh yeah, it it's good to have him back and it's got us all talking, hasn't it? So, we shouldn't be too surprised, I would say. &gt;&gt; Certainly has. Well, look, he probably doesn't need the money, does he, Fury? So, what do we think his long-term goal is? &gt;&gt; That is a great question. Uh I would say that because they're prize fighters at the end of the day. They they command a high price because boxing is a dangerous sport. Um you're putting your life on the line each and every time. He has made a lot of money in his career. Uh but the business is supply and demand. There's enough people here that want to see Tyson Fury. Enough people want to uh pay the money to go and see him. He is still in the upper uh part of the heavyweight division. You know, people on the street, if you ask them about heavyweight boxing, Tyson Fury will be on their lips. You know what I mean? Um does he need the money? I'm not so sure, but I think he wants a bit of legacy there as well. He wants to be a three-time heavyweight world champion. He wants the belts back. Um there's a lot of runners and riders in the heavyweight division and when he's retired, he's not one of them. And I think there's a bit of ego there as well. Uh he's only 37. Time is on his side. He wants to box and I think, you know, that's probably what's been pecking away at him in retirement. Uh money, yes, but also a bit of legacy as well, I would say, is the answer to that. &gt;&gt; Okay. You touched on the opponent and a bit about him, but he's been compared to a Bond villain, hasn't he? What's the story? &gt;&gt; Well, he is great fun. So, he's enormous, you know, 6' 7 plus. He's going to rival Fury in the in the height stakes. If you're a 007 fan, I don't know. You tell me. He does look like a Bond villain. Uh, but he he's a he's a gentle soul as well. He speaks a little bit of English, known as the lion. Can really punch. And I'm gonna say this now and people might pick holes in it, but he just has the feel of a Tyson Fury comeback opponent. He He looks the part. He looks incredibly menacing. On paper, his record is very, very strong. 21 wins, 19 of those inside the distance. Of those 19, 13 have come in the very first round. So, yes, peak and prime Tyson Fury should be or at least give a fight to any other heavyweight in the world. But he has had this time off. Mmudovv can punch. Uh I don't want to be disrespectful at all. But Tyson Fury on his best day should beat Mm Mudov on his best day, but that's not how sport works, is it? You know, he only needs to be um not quite at the races and Mudovv could be a little bit of a tricky opponent. But &gt;&gt; he should be able to uh certainly have the hand speed, the foot speed, should have the boxing IQ. The question will be the time out of the ring and where Tyson Fury is at in terms of his career. He has been down and he has been hurt before. He can't afford to get complacent against Mudov because if he does, this comeback could be over, you know, in the in the flick of a switch and he could find himself, you know, right down the the bottom of the pile. But a peak Tyson Fury and a non-formed Tyson Fury, this is a safe match. But it is interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, definitely James Bond villain or I'm thinking it could be one of the Rocky films. You know, he's got a vibe about him. &gt;&gt; He's got a bit of Rocky four about it. Yeah. No doubt. &gt;&gt; Rocky four. Um, look, how important is it for boxing to have Fury back fighting? &gt;&gt; Well, this is just my personal opinion. British boxing, British heavyweight boxing is a better place with Tyson Fury causing chaos in it. You know, we will be not too far away on the world scene, maybe 12, 18 months. We might not have an Usyk. We might not have uh an AJ. We might not have a Fury Canelo. We might not have um Crawford who's already out the door. You know, boxing is better with Tyson Fury in it. But it is going to get interesting because Moses is the upand cominging what many people believe the heir to the throne when it eventually, you know, becomes vacant. uh could you see down the road this passing of the torch type scenario where Tyson Fury's back with a title and that's a fantasy fight almost but on top of that you got Fabio Wardley who was a British heavyweight champion at the moment uh who came through this this back door entry almost you know white collar Fabio from accounts people call him uh because he was a recruit recruitment consultant he's heweight champion of the world now Fury against Wardley oh my word what a fight that is Daniel Dubois Fury equally how interesting is that imagine if we got teeth into that. And also, I haven't mentioned it, but I will mention it. Anthony Joshua continues his period away from the ring. Uh, this would represent one half of that uh double act coming back in Fury. And whilst we all continue to wish Anthony Joshua uh all the best and we want him to have the time and space and not not people like me saying, "Well, will he or won't he come back?" But I know overnight Eddie Hearn has said, you know, he's in the gym, he finds peace in the gym, and if he's in the gym, there's every chance he'll fight again. I know Tyson Fury sent his condolences and did say if he ever came back I would like that fight. So, I do think that um there's the other names I've mentioned, but also a Fury AJ fight still remains a possibility, but with respect, you know, there is no pressure from our side and as as as a fan