Kind: captions Language: en Right now, there is plenty of boxing news around this lunchtime live with the breaking news we just brought you that Josh Taylor, Scotland's Josh Taylor, former undisputed champion, has announced his retirement this lunchtime. And we are still reflecting on the brilliance of Alexander Usyk, cementing his place among boxing's all-time greats after becoming undisputed world heavyweight champion for a second time at the weekend when he outclassed Daniel Dubois and then knocked him out at Wembley. He's now 24 and0 is Usyk. Let's get more on this with the former world champion Johnny Nelson. Hello Johnny. Thanks so much for joining us live. Before we get on to Usyk and there's plenty to get in with Alexander Usyk. Could you just give us your reaction to that breaking news that Josh Taylor has announced his retirement this lunchtime? &gt;&gt; You know, it's very hard for any fighter to actually publicly say that's me. I'm done. I'm out of it. So once you made it public, uh that's part of the journey there. and you understand if the commitment, the drive, the ambition, getting up at stupid o'clock in the morning is now a negotiation um you know it's time to walk away. So I think Josh has done the right thing um in regards to our sport and not staying in it too long and making the sport retire him. So good looking whatever he he decides to carry on doing. I'm quite sure he'll be a decent trainer. He's a very strong uh personality. So I'm quite sure he'd uh be able to pass a lot of his knowledge on to a lot of other fighters. Yeah, undisputed champion as well. There aren't many British boxers that can say that they've had that next to their name. Where does Josh sit among some of the great Scottish world boxing champions? I'm thinking Ken Buchanan, Ricky Burns, Alex Arthur. Where does he sit among them? &gt;&gt; Well, you've got to go down to to to how the how the you your local public look at you, how they look at you, how they redeem you, how they how they glorify you. But you'll not get true credit until many many years down the line. uh uh the guys you previous guys you just mentioned they they were the history makers uh and even though Joshua achieved an outstanding accolade only time will tell where he'll go down but his name's in the books and regardless nobody can ever take that away from him once you become a world champion and a unified one at that there's very very few fighters that ever had that accolation &gt;&gt; yeah very very few Alexander Usyk keeps doing it though doesn't he three times undisputed now another stunning performance against Daniel Dubois this weekend. It seems a simplistic question. Is he now considered one of the all-time greats? &gt;&gt; He's got to be. He's got to be. It's not just the fashion of the wing. Uh and it's not just as how this guy performs inside the ring. What makes these guys stand out amongst the rest, it's how they are outside the ring as well, how they conduct themselves, how they are revered by the public, how if they're approachable, are they are they do they set standards? and and Alexander Usyk. This guy's from the Ukraine. He had more fans there at Wembley Stadium than Danny Dearden who's from England. He the cheers. Nobody booing him when he won. Uh a win that was welld deserved. Um he's he how he was respectful before, during, and after the fight. Uh it's somebody that you would just do nothing but respect. Now, this guy's in a great position. He's 38 in January. This guy's in a a great position where he can say I could walk he could walk away today, tomorrow uh and and no matter what we will be talking about him because he left a trail he's left a trail of destruction here in the UK. The way this man killed Danny Dubois on Saturday. I've never seen him actually predict a fight. He predicted six rounds, but you know, he he finished him in five rounds. But the fashion of which he did it in, I've always said that when Usyk fights you once, if you fight him a second time, he'll beat you better. He's downloaded. He's got a download of how he deals with you. What he did to Daniel took away everything, all his all his attributes. He took away his jab, took away his power, took away his movement, took away his confidence to the point where Delhi was put putting his backside on the floor thinking, "Wow, you know, we're only in round five and I'm getting I'm getting chopped up." This guy Usick did a great job and how he conducted himself in the ring afterwards, showed the apprec appreciation to the to the Wembley fans. You know, this guy will go down in history as you know what, it's not very often we're able to say that. And unfortunately, we we struggle to say about our own when when it is welld deserved. He deserves it without a doubt. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Everyone will have their different favorites when you go back through history. You've got those that will always lean towards Ali, those that live through the era of Mike Tyson and the jab of Larry Holmes, and then people like myself who saw Lennox Lewis coming through and becoming undisputed. Which of those greats through the history do you think would have lined up for the best fight with Alexander Rousi? I you know I've been asked that a couple of times and I think it's unfair to ask that of Alexander Usyk or to compare them all to any of those greats. You know this is that that's a that's just a preference and the reason why I say that is because Ollie and Usyk have gotten rid of everybody that was around at his time. So so therefore you've got to look at all the fights that are around his time. He's got rid of them. So then you got to look at the caliber of the fights that are around because if you look at Ali at one point you had to like people like um Cleveland big cat Williams or Stony Lon these guys were were like a modern Sunny Liston was like a modern day Mike Tyson. So so and he got rid of them then he then again around the George Foreman time and Joe Fraser time. So it's very hard to compare him to them because of his his successes. is that stars makes fights. If you ask me personally, uh I think Lenn Lewis would beat him. Um I think um um I think our Lee definitely would beat him. But then it's just a personal opinion is because I'm old enough to remember these guys and and and be inspired by them. Uh and on his again 24 fights in done an amazing job and such a short space of time at the age he's at. Uh so you can only give him pure credit and not just because of what he's done in the ring. It's how he's conducted himself outside the ring. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He says he wants to box on and he seems fresh as a Daisy even though his his years would suggest maybe that's not the case. There's a few options for him. None of them really wet the appetite as much as a Tyson Fury third fight. Would you agree with that? &gt;&gt; Without a doubt. Remember, this guy's getting paid a a a disgusting amount of money. And so therefore, if he gets in the ring, the whoever's in near the corner, they've got to justify that. And I think the only people that are around because he got rid of all the top dogs or or Tyson Fury or Anthony Joshua because these guys will sell out Wembley. We wasn't full. Even though it was a it was a a great spectacle, Wembley wasn't full. And I always said at this mo current moment in time, you've got to have a you've got to have an agent. You've got to have a furer in the opposite corner because they have that crossover appeal. Usyk's done an amazing job because he's slowly but surely getting that crossover appeal. He's not even from the UK. Who would you put him in with now? Who is there Moses Zat who's a young man coming through? Has he got that popularity? Has he got that that that that that draw yet? I don't know. He will do eventually if he keeps going the right direction. Would it be too early? I think it would. Tyson Fury. Tyson Fury, would you want to see a third Tyson Fury fight? He's beaten twice already. Would you want to see a third Anthony Joshua fight? He's beaten twice already. Tyson Fury and Anthony Joshua again. If you're a fighting man, you'll always want to be have the opportunity to try and do it again. Doesn't mean you believe you can tear these guys up and get in there, but you think, I'm a fighter. I want to have a go. So, both these fighters that took three years ago, they were top of the tree. that the headweight landscape is now changed where they're actually on the outside looking in rather than than on the inside getting the job done. So, this is this is farther time telling us to all behave ourselves and getting get in line. Um and and you don't know who's coming through the Yeah, it might be Moses Tom. It might be Joseph Parker. Uh but you just got to wait and see. Moses Tom is probably the favorite you look toward because you see pure talent talent from such a young man. But it's about if Alexander Usyk wants to carry on boxing, he's got to decide if there's nobody you you haven't got a decent dance partner, you're going to struggle. And that's where it gets dangerous because if you're in there with somebody that you don't think is your level, as your standard, that's when you start to to to kind of you think, "Oh, this is an easy job this." And that's when you get turned over. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Dangerous game. Johnny, thanks so much for talking to us. Not public.