Kind: captions Language: en It's got everybody talking everywhere you go. It's one of those fights, you know, that come around once in a while where people that aren't boxing fans, people that aren't boxing people are asking you on you talking about it. It's uh Yeah, it's going to be a great night. It really is. H how are you seeing it going? Because it's been a spicy buildup. We've seen eggs involved, haven't we? Plenty of back and forth between the two. I mean, there really is no love lost, is there? What's it going to come down to, do you think? For me, you know, as much as I like Ben, um I do like obviously I like Eubank as well, but for me it's going to come down to I probably I'm going to have to go for Eubank. You know, he's been in much much higher level boxer much higher level and I think he's proven himself at a higher level. I feel like Ben's just just just not proven himself and that's even considering the weight difference as well. Yeah. Tony, what do you think the size? How is that going to come into play between the two of them? Sizewise, it suit uh Chris the early part of the fight. Hong's got to jump on him. jumped down, drag the fight out of him because drag him into the second half of the fight because the natural speed he has should benefit him the second half of the fight, but the but the natural size that Chris has that should benefit the first half of the fight. To me, this isn't a world class fight, but this is a great fight. It's a great fight. Let's just talk about what is on the line because it it's family names, isn't it? It is legacy that is on the line between the two of these and it's bragging rights. So, Connor's got somewhere to go. How can Chris get over losing to what on paper is a jumped up? Well, how can he get over that? He can't. Well, Connor, he loses. So, you know what? This guy's two ways bigger than me. Chris can't. There's no way out for Chris. So, Chris needs this. So, so who's the pressure on the most? It's more pressure on Chris. Without a doubt. Yeah. Do you agree? Yeah, without a doubt. Without a doubt. Is the pressure on on Eubank Junior. Um, like Johnny says, he's got and plus the stage he's at. What is it? 35 something like that. the stage is that he's never he's never got that world title that that he's always wanted always playing for. Um so if he gets beat by by a career welterweight um then there's nowhere else for him to go. Chris has been more active than Connor as we know do you think that will come into play at all? I would have thought so as a boxer you well for me personally I think you most box you got to be active you want to be active and um obviously like you said Chris would be much more much much more active than uh than Connor. I mean, the fight weeks pretty much starts. Was it tomorrow, Tuesday, Johnny? We're jumping straight into it. Yeah. You know, I think it's going to be one of those as well. We're going to every single day this week, we're just going to be two in and throwing, aren't we? Yeah. Something new will appear every single day. And I think they're going to have to keep these boys apart as much as they possibly can because I don't want anything to jeopardize the fight on Saturday. So, they'll try and make a story about the fathers. They'll try and make a story about training camp. They've got they've got to make a story about something, but I don't I think there's going to be drama before Fight Night.