Kind: captions Language: en Good morning sports fans. Now Jake Paul has already fought former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson and now he set his sights on facing Anthony Joshua. So will this fight actually happen? There is no better person to speak to than his manager and business partner Nika Bian. He's also the co-founder of Most Valuable Promotions MVP. Great to have you with us this morning. You know Jake so well. He's had such an incredible impact on boxing over the course of the last few years, not only as a boxer, but as a promoter as well. Did you expect him to have such an impact on the sport? &gt;&gt; I first met Jake October of 2019 and in our first meeting, he said he wanted to start a fighters union because he felt fighters were underpaid and that he wanted to give young boxers an opportunity to get exposure. So I knew he was a different breed from the age of 21 22 and I knew we'd have a major impact. I didn't think it would be this quickly. We started MVP four years ago, August 29th, so a month from now, and it's been a phenomenal ride, and a lot of it is due to him. &gt;&gt; In terms of his fighting record, it's a good one, isn't it? He's just beaten a former world champion. He's now being talked about as an opponent for Anthony Joshua. Can that fight happen? &gt;&gt; I think the fight can absolutely happen. Uh I I' I'm looking at it as Jake versus Joshua, which is quite biblical and it's quite impactful in many ways. Uh, if you look at Anthony Joshua, I think he is 28-4 if I'm not mistaken. And two of his losses are against Alexander Usyk. Usyk weighed in at 220 lbs for those fights. Jake is not Usyk. A lot more years of experience needed to get to that level, but Jake walks around between 208 and 210 and he fought Mike Tyson at 228 pounds. So, I think size-wise we can get comfortable with it. And I think experience-wise, Jake is learning very fast and growing and and Joshua is a little long in the tooth. So, it it could be a very interesting matchup and we're actively discussing it with match room. &gt;&gt; In terms of those active discussions, how far have things progressed? Is it something that you can see happening next for for Jake and for AJ? &gt;&gt; I think we're looking at it happening in Q1 of 2026 is kind of the current discussion. I think it's public that AJ was taking a little time away. I think he had a little surgery. So once he's ready and once Jake is ready, we're we're gonna squarely focus on that. &gt;&gt; There are some concerns, aren't there, within the boxing world about Jake fighting someone as powerful as AJ. How much of a worry is that? We saw what he did to Enanu. &gt;&gt; So power is obviously the last thing to go. So obviously AJ has a ton of power and he's still fairly young. Mike Tyson much more vicious of a knockout artist than Anthony Joshua, much older than AJ. That that was a risk that Jake was willing to take. Francis Ningano, amazing MMA fighter, very powerful man, not an experienced boxer, right? A lot less experienced than Jake Paul. So, if people were comfortable with Francis getting in there with AJ, Jake, who is now 13 fights in, plus one amateur fight, a lot less than AJ, but much more than Francis Ningano. I think we're very comfortable with it. Ultimately, it's not a fight that I want Jake to do. It's a fight that Jake wants to do and that's a discussion we've had at length and he feels very confident about where he is in his career and his chances of upsetting Anthony Joshua. &gt;&gt; And what's driving him to want to take on AJ and prove himself against a global superstar? &gt;&gt; Two priorities for Jake Paul in his career. One is becoming a world champion. And if you look at what he's done in 13 fights, he set himself up nicely to be able to achieve that. And two is to do massive disruptive events that bring global attention to the sport of boxing. A lot of people criticize Paul versus Tyson on Netflix. But guess what? Biggest fight since the days of Muhammad Ali in terms of eyeballs for the sport. What did that result in? Taylor Serrano on Netflix. Global headline event for women, right? Biggest moment in women's boxing history was a result of Paul Tyson. Manny Pacquiao just came back and he fought Barios. Manny Pacquiao at age 46 looked pretty good. Barios's last fight, &gt;&gt; Paul versus Tyson on Netflix, gave Barios the platform to command the ability to fight Pacquiao. So, we're going to continue to look to do things that are disruptive, that are different. And boxing in the UK, unbelievable fan base, right? I believe it's the second most popular sport. I wish that was the case in the US, but Jake does a phenomenal job of bringing in the mainstream audience into boxing events, and that's what we want to continue doing. You talk about disrupting the sport and and getting those eyeballs on it. Jake versus AJ or Jake versus Joshua as you as you call it at Wembley perhaps sounds pretty good to us. Would that be the dream venue for for a fight like that? &gt;&gt; I think we're looking at multiple options. Wembley is definitely a possibility. Jake has said he'd like to do it there. He likes the idea of going in and hearing 90,000 people booing him. He he kind of feeds off of that. But we're looking at the US. Uh obviously uh Saudi Arabia is also an option. in the Middle East as an option as a whole, but we want to do it in a in the most impactful way possible. &gt;&gt; And in terms of Jake's impact on women's boxing, I interviewed him before that first fight between Casey Taylor and Amanda Serrano. An incredible trilogy. We saw the the third fight very recently. Two remarkable fighters. Just how proud are you of what you've been able to do with women's boxing. And what are the plans for the future? &gt;&gt; We when we started MVP, we had three priorities. One was to be fighter first. And I my background uh before boxing was in the UFC and the UFC I believe is the best promotional entity in combat sports but everyone knows it's not a fighter first organization. So that was important for us to to be something that fighters looked at and said these these promoters uh this company really takes care of me. Two was to give a focus to young fighters. Jake has platform and he wanted to bring eyeballs to to young talent which is our most valuable prospects platform which we have event 14 happening next month uh in the US and three was giving women's boxing its due putting it on a parallel platform to the men during my tenure at the UFC is when we started women's MMA I was lucky enough to be there for the rise and fall of Ronda Rousey but that was a moment in time where Ronda was the biggest athlete in the sport and you've only seen seen that once before with a professional female and that was Serena Williams. So that was pretty special. So when we set up MVP, I knew we had the opportunity to bring women's boxing up. I'm not saying to be as popular as the men on a consistent basis, but to hold its own. We needed a trailblazer athlete. We identified Amanda Serrano, who at the time was 42 fights into her career, seven division champion, and now she's 52 fights into her career, 10 fights with us, and they just headlined Madison Square Garden for a second time and set records. And you're also showcasing some top UK fighters as well. Savannah Marshall, Ellie Scotney, Shantel Cameron. How confident are you can take women's boxing in this country as well to the next level? &gt;&gt; Well, I'm super excited to announce that on this show we have signed Terry Harper as well. Uh Terry the first three division female champion from the UK. She has fought in five different division 20 fights in into her career. And when I look at when we met Amanda, seven division champion, 42 fights into her career, and we skyrocketed her profile, her potential, and what she was able to achieve, I look at Terry as having the same ingredients, right? Just a phenomenal story like Amanda, not a ton of amateur experience, but she's shown that she could be a champion at different weight classes, and we think the future's very bright for her and the rest of the UK. Ellie Scottney, undisputed champion, is our goal in the next six months for her. I'm so high on her in terms of her becoming the face of boxing, not just for the UK, but globally. Uh Savannah Marshall, tough loss to Shadeia Green, but one of the best boxers in the world, right? I talked to her for an hour and a half on Sunday and just the future path for her. Super super keen on her next fight. Ramla Ali, an ambassador for the sport, for women, uh partnership with her is amazing. and shot until Cameron. We'll see if Katie Taylor is willing to to give it another go, but we're we're we're happy that she's going to become world champion again very soon. &gt;&gt; And in terms of the signing of Terry Harper, it's remarkable to think what she's done at such a young age, threeweight world champion, just 28. So, what are you hoping she can achieve because she's got a long time left in the sport? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think there's some big fights for her, right? Carolyn Dubois, who has fought on Sky a number of times. We're we're excited about the potential of that fight. Uh, we recently signed a champion Stephanie Han in the 135 weight class who's fighting in August. That's another potential fight for her. Holly Holm, who I don't know if you're very familiar with that name or not, but Holly was a worldclass boxer before women's boxing was getting its due. She's already in the boxing hall of fame. Then she came to UFC and had the biggest upset in UFC history when she knocked out Ronda Rousey in uh front of 80,000 people in Australia. And now Holly has returned to boxing and her goal is to become a 135 pound champion. So that's another potential fight for Terry Harper down the road. Nikisha, thank you so much for coming in. Great to meet you. Very excited about your upcoming plans as well. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you so Good to see you both.