Kind: captions Language: en Let's just switch lanes quickly um and discuss what is somewhat a controversial very controversial event that happened over the weekend in the sixth round of Jamie Te in with David Adelaide. He was hit with a a left hook um when the referee Ronin seemed to call break. Uh ultimately he wasn't able to recover from that knockdown and lost via TKO. boxer plan to lodge a protest with the British boxing border control. Um, let's catch up if we can with Jamie TKV who joins us on Zoom now. Jamie, just try and put all this into context for us. Not an ideal situation for you, but what is your version of what transpired in Manchester at the weekend? Um, so me and Adel made some mistakes in the fight. Um the referee was just um was telling me off throughout the fight, but the time that he did tell me off, he's saying, "Do not throw a punch when I call break." So earlier on in the sixth round, um Adelaide had my left arm and then uh the referee was telling me to break, but I wasn't holding. So then the ref pulls my arm down and says, "Break." So I I open my arm to show that I wasn't holding. And as I was to turning to the referee, he hit me with a left hook that I didn't see. Um, I got up. I was confused to why the referee was counting. Got up. Um, I did it through a barrage of punches, which none of it landed. He then pushed me over with his arm. Um, I was listening to my corner. Um, I took the eight count and then got up, but the referee waved it off. Um, yeah, I was just disappointed with the referee, man. He just got it wrong on the night. What do you want to do next? We we've had Ben Shalom on saying obviously they plan to appeal. It's a a relatively rare occurrence that we see something like that. Are you imploring uh the British boarding British boxing board of control to order a rematch? Um I believe that's going to happen. Even without the board saying anything, I do believe it's going to happen. But I do believe the board would do the right thing and as long as do as they do the right thing, we're all good. We're all set. We're ready. On the incident itself, one more. He was slapping your hand as as you say. Um the the rules clearly state boxers got to protect himself at all times. How much of this was the referee not calling stop boxing and how much of this was the the interference with the arm uh that seemed to distract you? Um the fact that he told me a bit earlier saying do not throw a punch when I call break. He did repeat he did say the same rule backstage and then he repeated it in the ring. I was trying to help aided the the referee's instructions. I wasn't trying to get no points taken off in a British title fight. Um so I made sure I was listening to him. So at that point um I think at that point um I was listening to him as he pulled my arm. I was showing him that I'm not the one holding and then um that happened. But um the referee got it wrong and this is the situ the situation that we're in now. Do you feel that you were on your way to winning the fight before we let you go? Yeah, 100%. I was winning comfort. I I thought I won every round. It was It was a very comfortable fight. I didn't need to throw any other shot. I was just winning the fight with just a jab. So, um yeah, I was on my way to winning. It was going to be a shut out performance. Jamie, thanks very much for joining us. Uh if it does go to an appeal, we we wish you all the best with that appeal and hopefully we'll see you back under the bright lights sometime soon. Thank you.