Kind: captions Language: en Joining us in studio this week is British reality TV star Joey Essex, who'll be making his boxing debut in a few weeks, and two of the rising stars of amateur boxing, Jaya Kelsece and Serena Marley, who'll be chatting about their recent accomplishments and South Asian Heritage Month. Welcome to everybody. Uh, thank you all for giving up your time and coming in. Uh, girls, I'll come to you shortly, but Joey, I'll start with you if you don't mind. First off, where's your belt? get the memo the only one without a belt. I wish I bought one now. &gt;&gt; There's time. There's time because you are starting your boxing journey. So, albeit in um the misfits capacity, but uh why now? Because it's interesting. Not everyone will know about the boxing heritage in your family is fair to say. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I grew I grew up with it really. I mean, I never I never really wanted to do it too much when I was a kid. I wanted to do it and I didn't I didn't really know my family didn't really want me to do it. And then as I got older, I just I just gained interest, you know, being around Tony and and my dad always talking about being a boxer. Um my dad was a great boxer and um yeah, just for years this is meant to have happened, but um I think more so recently I've sort of just got the the passion to really want to do it and uh I fully believe in myself and uh this is perfect timing for me. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cuz your life and career got in the got in the way really. You mean it's run out of &gt;&gt; I'm busy? Yeah. No, I'm I'm a busy man. So, you know, I got to work. So, that's that's the thing. And I'm still getting offered shows and and this life, you know what I mean? This is my life, this reality world. But, you know, this is a passion. This is something that I want to do. You know, no one's telling me to do this. My manager is not telling me to do it. No one's telling me to do it. I'm telling myself that I want to do this. And that's why I've took the opportunity. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because there are easier ways to make a living than than boxing. The Tony that you mentioned in that chat, that's Tony Sims. He's one of the best trainers in Britain. We know him. Started off as trainer of Anthony Joshua. And I'm sure in the memory bank somewhere I remember you being in the gym with Anthony Josher all those years ago but more recently you know he's synonymous with Connor Ben. &gt;&gt; You've been sharing the gym uh with the likes of Jimmy Sainz and and George Lard and Connor Ben. So how have preparations been going because it is a shock to the system training like a pro. &gt;&gt; Oh it is. I mean I I moved around with George Ligard yesterday and it was it's brutal. You know you get you wake up on a Monday morning. I'm normally having a cup of coffee going to the gym. You know what I'm saying? to going for a little run. Now I'm waking up every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and I'm getting like punched to the face right in the nose. Do you know what I mean? So, it's a very different lifestyle for me, but um I must say I'm really enjoying it. And uh you know, it's it's a and I do I do understand that this is the toughest the toughest journey that I'm ever about to take on. Do you know what I'm saying? like I'm not I've never boxed before and um I'm excited about it because I believe that I've got I've got this I've got this in me to uh to take it to the top. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're fighting Numero who I'll hold my hands up. I don't know too much about him, but &gt;&gt; with Tony Sims, your uncle, &gt;&gt; time is precious. He he's, you know, he's working with &gt;&gt; world ranked fighters in huge pay-per-view fights. Is there any pressure on you that you don't let want to let the side down? &gt;&gt; Massive. Yeah. Yeah. Massive pressure. Yeah, there's massive pressure. But I put the pressure on myself and I've never got in the way of Tony because I know that he's, you know, with the pros and I've never really wanted to put that pressure onto Tony. But Tony has accepted, you know, he's looked at me, looked at me and, you know, asked me like, are you really like told me like if you're going to take it serious? I I'll train you, but you got to be serious. And I am serious. And, uh, I've proved that to him in the past how many months? And, uh, you know, I know Tony fully believes in me. So, here we are. You know, I'm I'm training with one of the best trainers, I would say, in the world. Yeah, he's he's old school, isn't he? This is him with Connor Ben now. Um, you were at Ben Eubank. I mean, what a spectacle. Unbelievable. &gt;&gt; As you as you sit here now, you've got a bit of an inside track having shared the gym with him. Do you think as you sit here now that we will see the rematch? &gt;&gt; I think I think it's got to happen. I mean, I would I would love to see it and I'm sure everyone would would love to see it because I mean, to me personally, I feel like it was a war and they both deserved the win. I personally think I that's how I see it. You know, &gt;&gt; he didn't want either to lose or anything. &gt;&gt; I I left in round 10, by the way, because I I didn't know how I was going to get out of that stadium. So, I &gt;&gt; I didn't want you to admit that. How can you leave round 10 for fight of the year? &gt;&gt; I know. I know. I know. I know. I But I had no choice. I was sitting right there, actually. But yeah, like um &gt;&gt; Were you Were you surprised at how well Connor did against a naturally bigger man or did you expect him to be able to meet Eubank like this? I I I expected to Connor to to to do what he done and and you know get the job done, you know, and I feel like I feel like honestly like he he deserved it just as much as Chris did. &gt;&gt; I'm watching this now. Are you sure that you want to do this? Look at that. I mean, &gt;&gt; I can't wait. &gt;&gt; I'm telling you now. I can't wait. Honestly, I really can't. I am not. I'll tell you one thing about me. These what people are about to see. Like you're about to see the real raw version of Joey Essex. Joey Don Essex. Actually &gt;&gt; Joey Don Essics. So that's the nickname. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's my real name. My middle name is actually Don. That's my boxing name. Um the Dawn &gt;&gt; cuz yeah, you're about to see the Joby Don Essics and uh I can't wait for people to see that because I mean you're going to see on the 30th of August. &gt;&gt; Well, best of luck with it. We may catch up with you at the end here. Um but girls, thank you so much for for waiting patiently. Um Joey's talking a good game there. No offense to you at all. No offense at all. &gt;&gt; These both have beat me up probably. So &gt;&gt; I have got no doubt. I've got because we we are joined by two real trailblazers. Let's be honest. Um both very early on in your careers at the moment, but Jay and and Selena, if you don't mind, uh tell us a little bit about yourselves. Ja, um your achievements so far. So, you're only young. How old are you now? 15. &gt;&gt; 15. &gt;&gt; 15. Tell us what you've won so far. &gt;&gt; So, I've won three national titles, twotime GB gold medalist, European champion, international gold medalist um for England, and three-time box cup champion. Go. &gt;&gt; I mean, hope we missed anything out there. So, just tell us your achievements as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so I'm four times national champion and uh I represented England twice in the Europeans and I come back with a silver and a bronze and I'm also GB Charian. So, best best in Great Britain. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we had to convince you not to bring all of the trophies and we've only got a table big enough. &gt;&gt; One of the reasons we got you here is South Asian Heritage Month at the moment. You are both trailblazers for the seat community. Do you mind ser if I come to you first your journey into the sport um &gt;&gt; you had to do some convincing at home I gather just tell us about that and and how you see yourself now with the successes that you've had and and let's be honest a role model for the seat community. &gt;&gt; Yes. So uh started my boxing career when I first joined the gym. I come back with a my lip was a bit cut and so my mom weren't very happy. She's completely different now. She loves it. She's really supportive. I really have to give a big shout out to my mom and dad because you know they're the ones taking me up and down the country all the time and um yeah in in our community especially seek community um it's it's very pushed towards education I mean sports and you don't see any South Asians really in sports not really at an elite level there's a few like a K for example he made it quite big but uh to do with seikhs there's really not much so um I really want to pave the way for the younger generation. There's a lot of more seat girls coming into the scene now, which um I'm really excited about, you know, see what's happened for the future. But yeah, listen, I'm here to show the younger girls that we can do it. I mean, we have a background of being warriors. That's what in seekers and we're all warriors. So, um yeah, we need to show people what we're all about. &gt;&gt; And Jay, I know you echo that. Um have you noticed an increase in young seat girls coming through the gym doors? I mean, Edwin and Clearary's gym, he supported you on this journey. He's brought you down today. Um, are you seeing, you know, small seeds that we're planting at the moment that we hope are going to grow into big successful um trees, you know, like uh how you are you seeing just drip feeding, more girls coming into the gym? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. There's way more um girls coming in the gym now. And yeah, &gt;&gt; you've both got your eyes, I think, as well, on 2028. Is that fair enough? Is that the immediate dream? Joe, if I come to you first, the Olympics still represents the pinnacle of the amateur sport. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 2028 Olympics will be there. &gt;&gt; Will you remember us and bring in the medals, though? That's what I want to know. Will you remember us, Joey and I? Will you remember us when you get there? &gt;&gt; And what about professional sport? Uh, Serena, we we've just had that MVP card topped by the trilogy with Katie Taylor and Amanda Serrano. Global audience of what, six million watch that on Netflix. There is an six million appetite and an audience there for these brilliant women who are showcasing their skills, God willing, you get to the Olympics and that's your dream. But do you want one day have hopes and dreams of becoming a professional world champion as well? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, of course. That is definitely the end goal. Once uh I've done Olympics, maybe even two cycles of the Olympics um get them gold and then 100% turn professional. I want to win all the bouts to create a legacy. And I think that um that card with Katie Taylor and Amanda Ser that was really inspiring. I think we definitely need a lot more cards where it's all women's boxing just to inspire like the younger generation. &gt;&gt; Before we welcome our next guest, will you both give a bit of advice to Joey as he stands at the top of that top of that ramp? He's got his debut. What will you say to him? What can you impart on this? &gt;&gt; I think enjoy it. Take it all in. Honestly, um it's your first fight, isn't it? Relax. If you trained hard, you trust yourself and you've got it all. If have fun inside the ring, that's what you need. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I will. That's good advice. I'm going to have fun in that room, too. Trust me. &gt;&gt; Do it. Enjoy it. &gt;&gt; Work hard. &gt;&gt; That's it. Stay humble. &gt;&gt; Stay humble. &gt;&gt; I'm sprinting after this interview. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good. Not to get out of here, but she's not training. No. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, great advice. Uh and I wonder someone that that we um we don't need to give her any advice. I mean, she's more than trained with all of this. Let's bring in our our next guest. She was a trailblazer herself, a UK MMA, and after a brilliant 10-year career, announced her retirement from the Octagon in March, now made the move over to professional boxing. She'll be making her debut on the undercard of Patty Donovan versus Lua Croh Lewis Crocker at Windsor Park in September. It's Molly Macan. Molly, thank you so much for joining us. &gt;&gt; That's okay, mate. How are you today? &gt;&gt; Really well, thank you. I'm in great company. Um, but I want to ask you about your decision- making. So, when most people retire from combat sports or MMA, it's usually time to drift off into retirement, have some holidays, and chill. But you've done uh pivoted and done exactly the opposite. So, why now? Why professional boxing? &gt;&gt; In all honesty, me body just couldn't take the impact of the MMA anymore. Um, I suffered quite a a heavy leg break last year and it was just I couldn't take the kicks anymore. And I think when you've got a bit of a a in the armor or an Achilles heel, there's no point just fighting for money. Um I know some pe people like to do that, but that's just not why I choose to compete. And um as a lot of people know and a lot of people don't know, um I come from boxing. I come from the amateur game and it was always my dream to to be a professional boxer. And the wonderful Mr. Eddie Hearn and everyone at Matchrooms give me that opportunity. So I'm absolutely buzzing to be fair. A new lease of life for me. &gt;&gt; What are the biggest differences? Uh you would say obviously you put the bigger gloves on now but you did have an amateur career as you as you mentioned. Do you think that you've got um enough time, enough skill to fulfill that dream of becoming a professional world champion? And if so, how long do you think it will take you? &gt;&gt; Well, we're we're going to see soon enough, aren't we? Um, I wouldn't do it if I didn't think I could. I would have gone to um I would have gone to Misfits with Joey, wouldn't I? If um if it was just about the money and just to have a go. But um I think I'm going to prove a lot of people wrong. I'm going to go in there and just have fun. And boxing's me bread and butter. Everyone knows I like to punch. I like to sit in there and have a go. And you just can't do that in MMA when you get you've got the fear of knees and takedowns and kicks and it's just boxing second nature for me. And I think the sport needs to be respected a bit more. I think there's other promotions or even in the misfits sometimes. I think the way that people conduct themselves isn't what the the kids need to see growing up. you've got two young girls there who've just told you what to do in in boxing and that's be humble and respect the sport and I think that's what I'm trying to do. Um I'm trying to lead the way with that as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you were a terrific ambassador, let's be honest, in mixed martial arts and I'm sure that that will continue in professional boxing. Um &gt;&gt; in an ideal world, how does that debut pan out? Uh is it a chance to showcase your skills or do you want to get it done in double quick time and show that you've got punching power? What would be the ideal scenario? &gt;&gt; Ideal scenario, you get in, you win, you don't take any damage, and you show what you're capable of. Um, I'd like it to go a few rounds just to get the the rounds and the experience under me belt. But it's um, it feels different getting hit in the MMA gloves than it does the little boxing gloves. I tell you that much. There's not the MMA gloves, it's more of like a sharper shot. and them boxing gloves. It's like a big fud and um it feels a lot harder in the MMA in the boxing gloves, sorry. And that works in my favor, I think. Um I think my style works really well for professional boxing. And um I just want to show people that I can box and that's that's my ultimate goal. Get in there, express myself and come off victorious and get to the top as quick as I can. Thank you so much for coming and joining us today. With everything that you said there, I just know it's going to be a terrific atmosphere when you're at the top of the ramp and you make your professional boxing debut as you're called to the ring. I reckon it'll be a real spectacle. So, we wish you all the best of luck with that and uh thank you very much for joining us today. &gt;&gt; No problem. Funk guys.