Kind: captions Language: en How huge without that's an understatement. Did I see it coming? I honestly thought it probably wouldn't happen because both fighters had know massive options for both fighters in whatever direction they they wanted to take their career. Um um so no I didn't as I was in and out of it but now it is happening. Wow. Because that fight the excitement the the thriller the drama his own mind getting out of the car when the uh when uh Chris walked in into the arena. Brilliant. The fight itself, I'd never seen such an honest fight by two far fighters, but with their fathers. I'm old enough to remember their fathers putting a on such a show in their first fight and this was the same all over again. And and I have to commend uh Connor Ben because Connor Ben blocked a lot better than I thought he could do. I thought he wasn't at that stage yet for about the amount of time he got out of the ring. But this man Chris that you saw, you saw how he was trying to rinse down to get out the way. I know he had to get in front of the boxing board of control. I know he'd agreed to all these conditions for this fight to happen. So all the fears and worries were there, but the fight still happened. For me, it has everything and more what the first fight did. And I think this fight would would would definitely definitely do Wembley all over again. Oh, it's going to be brilliant. I can't wait for it. You touched on it there about the weight um as Eubank Jr. had to cut down. Do you think that will happen again? Do you think weight might be a contentious issue again? Well, as far as I know, uh the agreement is exactly the same as the as the first fight agreement. Nothing changed. Everything is exactly the same. Now, I don't know how how Connor uh how how Chris will navigate his round way around the boxing boards uh of controls stringency in regards to watching what's happening because the boxing board of control will put him under a lot of pressure. when he saw things like this and they had to pull him because when I saw this was that which was out before the fight I said you know what this fight could get pulled because the boxing board seeing this they they have a duty of care to say whoa no no no this is dangerous and so this was and so so and and I know Chris was told to take it down by the said people around him because it would cause trouble and he did he end up in front of the board now I don't know what was inside that room I don't know if he said oh it was old footage which we know it wasn't what I'm saying is the boss in control have to keep a BDI on proceedings running up to this and so therefore will it be the same all over again it will be real struggle will it get fined what is it a million pound half a million pound for the battery weight over on the Wayne skills I don't know but as far as I know is that everything else everything is exactly the same unless it been a nudge on a contract the controversy there's no doubt did go a bit far at times I mean we had Eubank hitting Connor Ben with an egg for instance in the buildup do you think This one might be a little bit calmer. Um I do uh a little bit calm. I don't think I can't see Chris doing this again. Uh he he got a message across. Uh he got chastised by his father. Um he got the message across that he said I have no respect for cheats as far as I'm concerned. I don't think he'll get that far and I don't think I'll give him a chance for that to happen again as well. But I tell you one thing, that egg slap, boom. The the view figures went through the roof because that showed how real this fight was. That showed how much was on the line for this fight here. These two guys want to fight, you know. And even after the fight, there was no obligatory hug and and well done, mate. It was like these guys went in opposite directions. The only person I hugged were their fathers. And so um there's no love lost between them both. And um I'm I'm really really looking forward to this fight. Yeah, you mentioned the fathers there. There was that brilliant moment, wasn't there, when we saw Chris Eubank senior walk in with his son. We know they've been estranged prior to that for a number of years and and that was an incredible moment. Do you know much about their relationship now? Can we expect Senior, do you think, to be at the next one? Well, things have been said. His dad said, "If you fight, I'm fighting." Uh, so if you really want to see your dad get in the ring, I'm do going to do it as well. But Chris says a lot of things. Uh Chris has a relationship with his son that only though they both will understand uh as long as they're both now talking and they're on kind of on the same page. I don't care what the relationship is. Uh as long as that relationship between father and son is there because inside the arena, you know, the amount of grown men that were brought to tears when they saw that that right there because it reminded them of their relationship with their sons, with their fathers. It reminded them of of arguments that they think, you know what, is it worth it? And it brought a realization to such a a massive occasion. And I actually spoke to senior afterwards. I said, "You know how many people you touched uh in regards to that that single move there uh that decision there to have a have a word with your ego and turn up for your son?" And he actually didn't. And uh but you know what? I as long as they're good. As long on the same page, I don't care what the relationship is. I know we're a long way away from it at the moment, but right now would you be expecting the same result with Eubank winning? No, I wouldn't I wouldn't be accepting the same result. I don't think Eubank can improve on his performance. Um I think at times in the fight I thought his legs looked stiff uh looked stationary, looked like he was he was stuck in quicksand. Uh I do see improvement there for Connor. Uh, and I do think the results will be different uh, the other way around um, in the next fight. I think it'll go the difference all over again. Uh, but I think Connor now knows what he's capable of doing. And then listen, that's that's a bold statement to make because uh, I have ultimate respect for both fighters uh, for Chris and his dad, Connor and his dad. But this is just you're just saying what you see and I think if they fight again, I think Connor wins. Oh, it's going to be exciting, isn't it? Um, before you go, Johnny, I wanted to ask you about um Jake Paul after beating Chavez Jr. at the weekend, calling out Anthony Joshua. Um, this seems outrageous, but what do you make of it all? Well, it's a the chickens in the background. Well, uh, it's a bit of skull dugger, isn't it? You you um, you know, if he starts mentioning his name in the same sentence as Anthony Joshua, then all of a sudden you think, well, this can possibly happen. He's did it with Canelo. He's done it with anybody else. That that's a bit of great PR work. Brilliant. In reality, do I see that that possibly happen happening? No. Um I don't. But it's great PR. And I think regardless of what you think of Jake Paul, he's he the way he's handled the media for his career. Other other traditional fighters should look at this guy and think, you know what, he's getting a job done. more people know him than a guy that's been boxing six six years old and and gone through gone through the ranks. So whatever Jake Paul is doing shouting out and getting uh you know whatever name he shouts out it's got us talking about it. So once again he's done his job. Well people are going to be watching this saying Johnny Nelson that guy gets the job done. Thanks for joining us Johnny. Always great to chat to you. Thank you. Enjoy.