Kind: captions Language: en Let's just get your take on the other big boxing story of the last few days, which is Connor Ben heading elsewhere. Eddie Hearn described it as a dagger to the heart. How would you assess it? &gt;&gt; Wow. Um, there's it's show business and uh and Eddie, I thought Connor and and AJ were were the ones that Eddie had a personal a more personal relationship more than all of his fighters. I thought Eddie, you know, he died on a hill for for Connor Ben fighting his corner with all the controversy around him. Put the reputation of of of matching on the line. Uh regardless of the business uh uh um interest in it, I think he really really really hurt because he thought they were friends and and Connor has done what most fighters should do, which is take care of themselves. But in our sport, you hear that you've heard this sad story of or this this bad story of Connor dishing Eddie and going to the opposition for an amazing purse. And and so and Connor's kind of is the villain because we we we've seen the journey. We've seen I already fought for him. But when it's the other way round and you've got fighters that are on the receiving end of this, they're on the bad end of what's happened with their promoter or the manager. You know, I know a lot of fighters that were household names that haven't got two pennies to rub together because of bad bad decisions they made in in their career because of times when they should have moved on and made made a made a better decision in their life, but they didn't. So, this what Connor has done is he's done a business move. I I saw an interview and Eddie said, you know, I I sent him a message saying I think we should talk and Connor said, no. I can understand why Connor didn't speak to him because it would have been very very hard to actually stick to his decision. Connor has said, "I'm doing it for my family. Uh, I'm I'm taking care of me." You know, there'll be another uh Connor Ben in five years time. You'll forget about me. That's true. As I said, there's many household names that you don't know about that that that haven't got anything to rub together. I'm quite sure. What a save Connor Ben box. And he didn't take this deal. He stayed with with with uh Eddie and maybe got two three million and he lost. And then then all of a sudden his his career starts to go downhill. But he's been offered $15 million for his next fight. I totally get it. And if he if he should be at that level, then he'll stay at that level and make a lot more money. If he's not at that level, you know, he's sworn the channel. He's done well. He's got paid handsomely that that that in a division that he probably would never have got to and he's all right. He's sorted. It's just the way it went. They went about it. If it was me and someone said to me, Johnny, what if Brendan what if it was you and Brendan? What would you do? I'll tell you what I do. I say, "Brendon, look, I've got this deal. Let's share it." I'll not tell him the deal. I'll not tell him [clears throat] that you you're in on it. I'll I'll give you a cut of it. So, so, but you've got to understand I'm never going to earn that kind of money any I'd do it that way. But otherwise, I' I I I get what Connor has done. I would just really really struggle to do it the way he's done it. I'd really struggle. &gt;&gt; Let's just finish with AJ then, who's obviously been through a lot personally in the last couple of months or so. What do you see as as next for him moving forward this year? &gt;&gt; Well, Anthony Joshua, I I think, you know, many of us saw the gruesome pictures of of what happened over the the over the Christmas period, and I don't know how his head is going to get around that. Uh, and it's going to take time. You don't know how it's affected him uh uh privately, privately, publicly or anything. How has it affected his appetite? Um maybe boxing will be his his saving grace when he thinks I just want to get someone to take my mind off this because when it comes to grief there's no time scale on how someone gets over the grief or deals with the grief. AJ's got to deal with it himself how he's going to deal with it. So if he decides to fight again remember um there's a lot going on upstairs in his head. You know he lost two close friends. We saw it. We didn't even even know them and it was it was sad for us. So can you imagine that being your close friend, your close to their family, how it would affect you. So this is a decision for by Anthony Joshua and and at what stage in his career was he at was he almost at the stage where he thinks I'll have one or two more fights and walk away then this happens. How it affects your appetite, your mindset, your look on life, your look on, you know, mortality. And so AJ, the only person that can really answer that is AJ. Um and and that, you know, you've got to give him grace and give him blessings to say you make that decision. Whatever decision you make, nobody can complain.