Kind: captions Language: en Before we get stuck into Saturday's fight night, I think we should just have a quick word on who's announced his retirement today. What a career he has had. Matt, one of the greats. Oh, one of the best ever to do it. Two-time Olympic gold medalist. Also, I think I think he got best boxer in both. Definitely. In one of the Olympics, he got best boxer as well. Um, possibly the best amateur ever. Yeah, I think he fought for the fought for the professional world title in his second pro fight. Um, unbelievable career really. I mean, his his footwork and his ability to get off to the side. Just I don't think we'll ever see another one quite like that. In so many absolutely epic fights, it's really hard to pinpoint which one stands out. But for you, Johnny, what would you You know, you look at his career on a whole uh I actually think he did so well as a professional fighter. I still think he underachieved because I think he was a lot better as well that that fear of in invincibility had gone when he he'd lost his second fight box for a world title. Who does that? Who has the courage to do that? This guy, I think he lost one amateur fight. Um his style which he avenged. Yeah. Yeah. Which he avenged. And he and Ollie are good friends. And they said, "Look, their style was very unorthodox in the gym. They're trying to hated how how they fought, but their style, look at what they've turned out to be as professional fighters. So you you you've seen pockets of what he's done in different fights and you think brilliant, outstanding, everything different. As an as a as an amateur, he boxed like a pro. He demolished fighters with ease. We we've seen it with Usyk of what he can do outside of the ring, just even the agility things. And they've been doing that since they're what what three. It's just kind of inbuilt in the likes of Lmanenko and Usyk. But but you talk about things like trends setters or you look at footballers the cro turn that becomes an iconic move that someone you know puts their stamp on and you know the pulling the guard down and hitting them that was like you know that was Lachenko was the first one to really stamp that. It was really became like the Lachenko move didn't it? And everyone started copying. And