Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to cover a couple of new things if you don't mind. Eddie Hearn has come out and said, "Look, Anthony Joshua will box before the end of the year. It's not going to top the bill with it. It's more than likely going to be an undercard fight, possibly over eight rounds." And we're hearing I seen Chris McKenna tweeting that he's hearing that maybe AJ's linking up with or having a trial with team Usyk. What did you make of all of that? Um I I think I'd probably made my decision in regards to AJ. I think now this is just business for AJ. Because, you know, as a young fighter fighter coming through, you you you you're chomping at the bit to get in the ring to fight. AJ's been out of the ring too long to tell me he had the appetite the appetite that's needed is still there. And I gave an example of Nigel Benn and Steve Collins. Who would ever have expected Nigel Benn to quit midway through a fight? That means when the fire's gone in your belly, you can kid yourself and con yourself, but when the fire's on you, you think, "No, I don't want this enough." I think AJ's there. So so so if he's going to fight, he's going to box on an undercard again. He used to believe he was the best fighter in the world. That's a hard thing to accept and a hard thing for others to understand if you were never the best in the world. But then, you know, it's about it's about the ambition what you want to do. If it's business you've got get it. I just don't know how far this is going to go. Of course, I'm quite sure Eddie won't be happy hearing something like this, but that's just one of those things this is the this is our game we're in. I think Anthony Joshua has done an amazing thing for our sport in this country. I think he could go on to be an amazing asset to boxing outside of the ring, promoter. He has an amazing stable of people around him. So I think he's half in and half out and this is boxing is the wrong place to be when you're half in and half out. He's got to make his mind up what he's going to do. We've got 1 minute before we have to say goodbye. Eddie Hearn has said there's two things he wants to do before he does sail off, become world champion again and fight Tyson Fury. Can either of those be a possibility in your mind? Uh no and no. I think these two have danced around each other long enough. And so if it's going to happen, it's going to happen now. I think in regards to becoming a world champion again, it's back to that appetite. I don't think the appetite's there for for for AJ. And and again, he's he's he's he's he's he's done amazing things in our sport. His his thirst has been quenched. So this is a habit. It's just hard to shake. So you want to walk away from the game before the game walks away from you.