Kind: captions Language: en 59year-old heavyweight legend Mike Tyson will fight Floyd Mayweather in an exhibition match. Delighted to say that Johnny Nelson can talk to us right now. Afternoon Johnny. Thanks very much uh for having a chat. Well, what do you make of this? &gt;&gt; That's what I make of it. Uh uh if you know behind the scenes, this is a bit personal. Uh Mike Tyson's never been a great fan of Floyd Mayweather. I think at one time he said something like, "At least I can walk my kids to school. These cool these guys have had a little spat back and forth between them." Now, my worry is Mike Tyson at 58 years old, he's probably not as physically active in the gym, in the boxing gym as as Floyd is. Floyd's still keeps himself in relative good condition. Uh I mean, hitting the bag, moving around and things like that. Floyd's 48, Mike's 59. He's a year older than me. So then so but because there's that distinct between them and it's real because because there's that between them I think ego is going to get get the better of of Mike rather than common sense. Common sense is Mike Tyson and Floyd Mayweather in the day. You look at the size difference between these two. Mike Ty Tyson would eat him alive but now he's 58 years 59 years old and that style suits a young man. It doesn't suit an old man. Floyd Mayweather even though he might be smaller he'll be the one that's got the movement. He's got the the the the He's still got the run craft. It's like me getting in the ring with a 14 year old kid that's doesn't know half of what I know, but he's got the pace. He's got the movement. And even though Floyd's uh 48, he still have more he still have more movement and pace than than Mike. So then it's going to be I want to get him. So it to me it's one one of those you want to watch between your eyes. But um uh when I when I heard I thought, wow, really? This is a this is a an argument that's going to be held out in public. &gt;&gt; How's this going to work though? Cuz there's such a big disparity in size. As you said, there's going to be a huge difference in speed as well. Are there going to have to be some special rules in place for this fight? &gt;&gt; Well, if there are rules, nobody's going to stick to them. I don't believe in a million years Floyd Mayweather is going to stick to any script that's been written in regards to this exhibition. Uh, and I don't think Mike will either. I don't think if there's anything scripted allegedly, they said with Mike and Jake Paul. Um, uh, I don't think whatever's written down, there's going to be anybody sticking to the rules because this is beyond this what we see on TV. This is beyond um beyond this is this is personal. These two guys work together uh previously uh and and and and still do probably, but but I've never seen an interaction a positive interaction between Tyson and and Floyd Mayweather. I just haven't. &gt;&gt; You're a year younger than Tyson, as you mentioned there. I must say, Johnny, you're looking in great Nick, by the way, mate. You you do not look your age at all. I'm not saying that you you want to fight again at your age, but you can sort of put us in a headsp space of Mike Tyson, I suppose. And and what must it be like for him trying to fight someone so much younger and he's already done it as well, hasn't he? Against Jake Paul, someone who who was half his age. &gt;&gt; Yeah, half his age and nowhere near as good in his day. Uh but then you're going up against Floyd Mayweather. This guy was unbeaten as a fighter. he still physically um has ring craft. He still physically can move about the ring and do what he has to do. Uh I think for Mike Tyson, he's going to be very frustrated. He will want to lay a shot on him to get rid of him. But unfortunately, you slow down. Father time gets the better of us all. And uh and and and even though I think when it comes to a fans favorite, I'm quite sure most of the fans had I'd love to see Mike Tyson put Floyd in his place. Um and that's probably what will be the attraction as well. But you've got to remember Mike Tyson's 59 years old. You got to remember Floyd Mayweather is still hitting the bag in the gym. He's still moving around even though he's 48 years old. So you've got to remember that. So, so you're going to buy into it. No matter what how disgusting you think this fight is, no matter what complaints you have about it, you're going to buy into it because you're going to see an argument played out in real life, real time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But can you understand though why a lot of fight fans don't want to see this? They don't want to see two guys who are past their best, two great champions go out and and fight each other and and maybe tarnish their career in some way. &gt;&gt; Completely. Completely. But you got to remember these guys are individuals, their fathers, their brothers, or whatever. And they they still want to earn a massive chunk of money. Where's Mike Tyson? Whatever they getting paid. Where's Mike Tyson at 59 going to earn this kind of money? Where's where's Floyd Mayweather at this this this time of life gonna make this kind of money? It doesn't matter what we say about legacy. These guys have still got to live. These guys are still thinking, you know what, I'll take the heat. I'll take the criticism, but you know what? My bank account's all right. My family's all right. And I know it's crude. And I know it takes a shine off it, but that's real talk. Uh so these guys are now in a in a position where that where people want to pay them a lot of money to fight each other. It's against somebody they don't like. So So again, ego is going to get get the better of common sense. uh with Mike as far as I'm concerned. &gt;&gt; And just finally, a word on the great Joe Bugner who who passed away earlier this week sadly. How will he be remembered? &gt;&gt; Uh Joe Bugnner, you know what? I remember Ali said he he was better than the one I thought he was because Ali had sparred with him many times before and had the handle of him. Uh Joe Pogna was so underrated uh and so under unappreciated. Uh I can remember when he boxed uh Frank Bruno and he was like he was the the villain. Joe Bugnner could fight. He could box and he was he just did it his way. Uh sad to see another uh part of our history maker uh leave this planner. Uh but you know this is this is life. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well said. Great to talk to you uh Johnny. And uh as I say, you're looking in great, Nick, mate. &gt;&gt; Not fighting. Forget it. It's never time.