Kind: captions Language: en They don't come any bigger. They don't come any better than undisputed super lightweight queen and arguably the best fighter on the planet at the moment, Katie Taylor. Great to see you. Uh, amazing to catch up with you. You're not here on pleasure. You're here on business it to a degree. You've been working with Sandy and she's been working with you on a couple of different camps now. Uh, you come down to support her. What a great fight first time around against Michaela Mayer. Can she do it this time and get revenge? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, the first fight was touch and go. Could have went either way really. Just a phenomenal fight. I thought it was probably the best female fight I've ever seen to be honest against Michaela and Sandy. The quality from from from both girls was insane. The skill from both girls was incredible. And I'm so happy that Sandy has got this rematch. And I think this this training camp is so much different than last training camp as well. She's in a much better place, I think, mentally going into this fight. So, I can't wait to see her in action. you know a thing or two about rematches and and being triumphant in rematches. What is the dynamic? Because you've shared rounds with your opponent, you know their strengths, but they also know your strengths as well as Sandy approaches this. Will it be round 11 or will it be a fresh approach, do you think? And and why have you been so successful in rematches? Yeah, I think for me I I definitely have the ability to to adjust and um I'm obviously uh so determined as well when I lost to Shantel Cameron. I think I got I had the Sunday off and I was back in the gym on Monday preparing for that rematch. I can believe that as well. Yeah. So, it's it's that determination as well. I think you have an extra fire in you. Um you know, when you when you suffer a loss and you just learn so much from the losses as well, that's where all the growth happens. Unfortunately, that's the case. So, you just you you're forced to sit back and think about things a bit more and and analyze the fight a bit more. And I know that Sandy is that type of person as well. She has the heart of a warrior. H she has an amazing mentality, an amazing mindset as well as Michaela as well. Two two phenomenal fighters, but it's I think it's I guess it's whoever it just the best and um whoever wants it most on Saturday night. Having shared the ring with her in sparring. Look, I'm not qualified from the outside. We can only see certain things. What is it that Sandy Ryan does that's perhaps underrated that might not be obvious to someone like me at ringside? Yeah. Well, I think Sandy is um just an all round complete fighter. She's an an amazing fighter, an amazing boxer. Her versat she's so versatile. Her jab is fantastic. Her counter punch is fantastic. I've shared rounds and rounds of sparring with her and she's a huge reason why I won the rematch against Cameron as well. Just an amazing part of my preparation and I'm always so grateful for that for that for those rounds that she that she gave me. Um, so she's just an all round complete fighter and um, I think when she's on form, um, I don't think there's there's nobody is going to beat her on fight night. What about you? I mean, it's so exciting following the Katy Taylor journey. Um, back again, Amanda Serrano again. It's the third time. Uh, you feel that if you two boxed a 100 times, it would be 100 good fights. You, you know, I think everyone needs a good dance partner, and you seem to have found it in Srano. Um, happy to go back there again. And are you expecting a similar sort of fight again? Because they've been two absolute classics, it has to be said. Yeah, definitely. I think we if myself and a man fight each other 100 times, it would be an absolute war probably 100 times. Uh it's just that the making of the two styles clashing together. But yeah, I'm so so happy that I have the opportunity again to fight her again and another history make a fight. I've always wanted to be to be involved in the biggest fights possible and um this is a huge huge fight. Um, I hope it put an exclamation mark at the at the end of this performance and make it three and zero for me and um, I'm just super excited about it. I'm more determined than than ever and I'm looking forward to putting on a great showcase. People talk about the first fight at MSG, that atmosphere as being the if you were there, you'll never top it. So that's, you know, that's the the highlight of that one. The second one, if you if those viewing figures are to be believed, and I got no reason to not believe him. Over 70 million people watch that on Netflix. Do you have to pinch yourself with that? You you've experienced everything. the decibel record in the Olympics and things like that. 70 70 million people watching you two go toe-to-toe like that. How do you feel when you hear that? Yeah, I'm just glad I didn't know that before the fight was going to happen. I wouldn't be shaking anything going into the ring. But um it's amazing to see those figures and this is exactly what what I'm I want these big fights to happen and for the whole world to see um what's possible female fighters and to inspire obviously the next generation of fighters. This is this is exactly what it's all about and um such a privilege to be in this position and to have these opportunities and um we're putting it all on the line again on July 11th and I hope it's going to be another incredible performance and another incredible showcase for women's boxing. If you don't mind me saying I think they're not detractors but people have have said you know it's impossible that an athlete can get better with age and I think people were sort of saying Katie's not on the slide or she's not what she was. How on earth have you leveled up again? Leveled up again. And is that a sign to the hard work you put in behind the scenes? And and maybe a sign that, you know, you've you've adapted, you know, you you weren't what you were 10 years ago, but none of us are. And you found a way to to make that work for you. Yeah, I I absolutely feel so great at the moment. I I always I obviously take it one fight at a time, but after the last I knew I was ready for for another one. Um, and it is about adapting and adjusting. And you look at the likes of Fly Mayweather, Bern Bernard Hopkins, these kind of guys who their longevity is incredible. It's actually inspiring. H I live the life. I sacrifice so much. I don't go around partying or anything like that. I I'm stuck in a gym. I live a clean life. And um and I'm I I think I have a very smart team of people around me as well. We trained very very hard, but also very smart as well. And um it's the reason I'm in this position as well at the still at the top of my game. I'm going to be 39 years of age when I step in the ring next. It's kind of crazy, but uh I feel great right now and I feel better than ever. Yeah. And long may it continue. May I ask you, do you ever have an exit route in your mind or is this just we just ride this wave until we don't ride it anymore? I mean, that's a funny question to ask you because I think we probably asked it 10 years ago, but you know, do you have motivations and ambitions that you still want to achieve or is it just big fights only and we'll take them one at a time? Yeah, you honestly just take one one fight at a time. I know that I can't do this forever and I don't want to do this forever. I don't want to be I don't want to be taking punches for the rest of my life. Although I remind you, you probably said that to me 5 years ago. But here here I am getting ready for another huge one. But um yeah, I do definitely just take one fight at a time. And uh I just I just feel really really great right now. And um um that I knew straight after the last fight I'm ready to go again. I feel um the fire hasn't died down. I have this desire in my heart to uh to just to just bring women's boxing up again. And um the another huge fight in ethics, another huge platform and I know that I have what it takes to perform well. I know that I have have it all really and I feel like I am getting better and better each with each performance. So I can't wait to step in there. We we got shots of you last night talking to I think she was probably 11 or 13 year old girl and you actually I think you gave her your cell phone number which is which is incredible really. I mean, are you still understanding that you are this this role model, this flag bearer, and I don't know, in a strange sort of way, the the seeds that you planted all those years ago in the Olympics, those young girls have turned pro now, and they're, you know, they're even opponents, you know, does that ever dawn on you, the longevity of what you've achieved, and is that still important to you to make sure that you give time back to to the youth? I mean, that I I think I'm right. She's she's probably about 13 years old and she was absolutely in awe of you. Yeah, she's apparently she's an amazing fighter as well. And um that's what it's all about though. I I I want to have an impact on these young girls coming up. And I I look at some of the young talent coming coming up and it's like, wow, this girl is going to be incredible when she's when she's my age, when she's older. Maybe not my maybe a bit younger, but she's going to be incredible when she gets older. And um I think the younger generation are going to do far better than what we've ever done in our generation. And I just can't wait to see that progress. And I'm so excited about the future of women's box because of these young stars coming up. Um, I'm just I just can't wait to see them grow up and and to see them progress. I hope it's not patronizing. You're so humble. It's incredible that the reason we're here is because of you. You know that that's the truth. Long long may it continue and uh thank you for talking to us. It's been great catching up with you again and best of luck. You know, you're part of team Ryan this week. So, best of luck to all of team Ryan and thank you for giving us the time. Katie Taylor, undisputed super lightweight champion. I mean, that doesn't even cover the half of