Kind: captions Language: en This is what he has wanted most for British boxing. What we always want to see, the recognized best in the world coming to appear here. But will all this lift Ricky Hatton or will Costu yet again prove what has made him [Applause] [Music] [Applause] special? It's been a night to remember already. Let's hope the best is in front of us. down to Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, the time has come for the bout you've all been waiting for. Prepare to welcome the boxers as they make their way to the ring. First, ladies and gentlemen, introducing the challenger from Manchester, England, Ricky the Hitman Hatton. And amid this incredible atmosphere, just check out this reception tonight for Ricky [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hatton. 22,000 sellout crowd. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] The night of reckoning for Ricky Hatner after 38 straight victories. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] A ticket sold in two hours splat for this promotion. The night and the fight that we've all been waiting for in Hatton's career as he takes on one of the modern [Music] greats. Jim, what will be going through his mind now? Well, for the first time in Ricky's professional career, he's actually the underdog. He's never been the underdog before. So much expected of him. Maybe being the underdog will relax him slightly. But he knows he faces one of the best pound-for-pound fighters in the game today. I mean, last night I was compiling the list of the weaknesses of Cost and I got stuck at number one. There is no department in the game where you is short of anything. This is a massive challenge for Ricky Hat. We know how honest Nicki is. We know he will give it every last thing he has. But boy, what a tough job he has on his hands. [Music] There's his mom and dad, Ray, the former Manchester City fullback, and Carol. What must they be thinking? How nervous must be at this moment? stable mates are there as well with Ricky hat. His little mascot James Bowers is here thanking all the fans for their support. But none of these fans can get in the ring and help him. He knows the job he has to do. Then can he do it? Steve Collins among the many, many world champions at ringside to watch this. They're all here tonight. Celebrities, stars from all walks of life. And now, ladies and gentlemen, making his way to the ring, here comes the defending world champion from Sydney, Australia, Costa Zoo. [Applause] One of the most revered fighters of the era, Costa Zu, who grew up in the industrial wasteland where they make the tracks for the Trans Siberian Railway, pardoned by beatings in the gym from older boys when he was a kid. Later, he ran barefoot on the snow and did push-ups on crushed glass. That's how hard this man is. He's only ever lost once and that was eight years ago and he's beaten nearly all the top men out there at 10 stone. But he is 35 now. So you never know when aids might kick in. Yeah. But no signs of decline. We have to remember this man has spent the last 10 years doing what Ricky Hatton hopes he can do. We know what this man's capable of. We've seen him doing it. He was a world class amateur, world class boxer, world class puncher. There no weaknesses in his makeup whatsoever. We have to hope against hope that maybe father time does start to catch up with him. It's a long time since he's been in a tough fight. Only three rounds in the last couple of years. Okay, we're making a case for Ricky Hatton, but I have to be honest, Ian. I'm doing my best to make that case. You really have to pay this man strongly. But we wish Ricky all the best for taking this challenge on. Ju tests out the ropes, skips into the ring. He's not really getting that hostile a reception, is he? I thought it would be a long gutter for him. But you have to appreciate when a superstar is in your miss. That's what this man has been. Here's the tail of the tape for this massive fight. Probably the biggest fight in this country for 10 years. So, let's check it out. Hatton is 26. He's 9 years younger. That might be a factor if it becomes a long fight here. Hatton a little bit taller. Slight reach advantage. Pazu who was right on the limit but was originally 3 oz over. Bit unprofessional that not really like him but not much. Patton was just inside and looked great at the weighin. Zu has been a professional for 13 years. Patton for eight. Patton's actually had more fights for Zu at a much much more demanding level and that is key. Patton for once is not the favorite. Although there's been a flood of money for him. Patton is 11 to8 against now. It was as much as 2 to one. Bit more than that in places. 21 15-8 on the draw 25-1. And we are just about all set. Here is Jimmy Lennon Jr., one of the great MC's in the world. Before we begin our action, ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I'd like to ask you to please be upstanding for the playing of the national anthems of both Australia and England. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, heat [Music] [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen in attendance live and exclusive across the UK on Sky Box office and to our boxing fans joining us around the world. A very good evening to you and welcome to the MEN Arena here in Manchester, England as it's time for the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Frank Warren Sports Network in association with Vlad Wharton's Millennium Events, Sky Box Office and Showtime as sponsored by Parliament Vodka and three. This now coming away is sanctioned by the International Boxing Federation, the president Marian Muhammad, the supervisor Rob Scott, along with the British Boxing Board of Control, the steward in charge, Charles Giles. Introducing at this time are three judges scoring this bout for ringside. from Onida Castle, New York in the United States. Don Acrian from Paris, France, Alfred Osaro. From Sun Sebastian, Spain, Manuel Maricar, and our third man of the ring, the referee in charge working in this, his 91st world title bout, Dave Paris. All right, fans. Here we go with our main event of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing for the IBF Junior Welterweight or Light Welterweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from Manchester, England, it's shoot time. Introducing to you first on my right, the challenger fighting out of the blue corner, entering the ring, wearing blue trunks with black and silver trim, proudly representing his home of Manchester, England. He weighed in at 9 stone, 13 and 3/4 lb or 139 and 3/4 US lb. He is undefeated in his campaign to the ring. 38 wins, no losses, 28 big wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight, ladies and gentlemen, he is the challenger, but holds the WBU light welterweight championship. Please welcome the sensational IBF number one ranked light welterweight contender. Here is boxing's pride of Manchester. Introducing the undefeated Ricky, the Hitman Hatton. and his opponent across the ring. The defending a champion on my left fighting out of the red corner wearing a black trunks fighting out of Sydney, Australia by way of SAO, Russia. He weighed in at 10 stone even or right at the limit of 140 US lb. His record stands at 31 wins, one defeat, one no decision with 25 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former undisputed world champion. Here is the twotime and current IBF junior welterweight champion of the world. Introducing Costa [Applause] Du. Once again, our referee in charge, Dave Paris, now to give instruction. You both in the dressing room, boys. You know what I expect. Keep your punches on target. Punch with an upper part of the glove. If one of you goes down, the other go the furnace of the corner. Great one, I tell you. To defend yourself at all times. Good luck to you both. Referee Dave Paris, whose job away from the ring is as a film extra playing walk-on parts. He's got a starring role tonight. All right. The biggest appointment of his career. Zu totally concentrated as he always is. Shutting out the crowd and I thought looked a bit pensive beforehand. He's fought this fight a thousand times in his head. Can he do it for real? This is the master's degree of course for Ricky Hatton. Well, he's charging right out. I'd rather had a little look at you, see how the jab was coming, see what's in his mind, but he's going to do things the way he always does them. So, this is going to be a war. Patton wants to get on the inside and he thinks that his speed can take him there and he thinks he might be stronger than you when he gets there. But is he? And what gaps was you take advantage of? He studied every Hatton fight frame by frame. Says he knows Hatton better than Hatton knows himself. Hatton got in with a good little left hook as they worked on the inside there. It's messy. Hatton won't mind it in close where it can deny Zu leverages. But this is a very very hard hitting fighter. Good jab there from Hatton. There's a left hook though from Zu. It's not only the right hand you have to worry about. He can't be hit by too many of this guy's punches because he every punch is like a kick from a mule. But the main thing is he's making Zoo work. Zoo is not covering up. He's not giving way. He's fighting back. And at 35, this is the first thing that Hart must do. Make this 35 year old man and his 35y old legs work. And that's what he's doing. This is a good positive start for Ricky. Not reckless, but aggressive. The jab very very good. He's making Zu think all right. She's often a slow starter though. He was against Sam Judah. They've demolished him in the second round. Holding behind the head. Bit of rabbit punching. Yeah. Well, Rick is roughing him up. That's what they want to see as well. Han did not take his eyes off Sue during the introductions. He is fired up for this. Z is undoubtedly the number one man in the world at this weight. Can Hatton prove that he is tonight by beating him? What will you think when he finds out Hatton can do this for 12 rounds? It's untidy, but that's useful because he's the one tying up. He's the one who does not like to fight at this pace. He's a thinker. It's a good start this by Hatton so far. He's been cut with left hooks. Has to He's lost his carefulness now. He needs that chin down. He needs the hands up to catch the counters. The pressure has to be educated from happening. He has to keep Su thinking he's driving him back with this jab, though. These punches are too frantic. You know, there no real method. This is like charging in trying to make a statement. There's no real method in what he's doing, and they're not good quality punches, but he's been caught. This is better. He's getting caught with quality punches on the way in. hit square on and he has been caught with right hands earlier on in his career. Remember he was down in the first round against Aean McGee and badly hurt in the second of that. He mustn't get careless. Mustn't be drawn in by the emotion of the crowd. He has to be Mr. Cool in there as well. But it's white hot this opening round. Zu is trying to get himself out into the center of the ring now. Excellent first round on Whitley and Ricky Hatton's cal. He took too many dangerous punches for my liking. He knows when he's the man Graeham who's been with all the way the cut man who might be important has cut in the past. He made a statement but he had to take some punches on the way in. I don't think he can carry on with these tactics because Zu towards the end of the round was beginning to try to get himself to the center of the ring. I think he was shocked at the advance and the tenacity of the attacks, but they weren't quality attacks. He's won the round on my card on work rate, but these are not quality punches from Ricky Hat. There's a frantic look about them. He has to settle down and find more accuracy. The worrying thing is that Zu has a way of decoding his opponents, working out what they are doing and then finding the gaps for his big heavy shots. He's just been clipped with a a left hook on the way in. Hatton did not give him time to think in the opening round, but he cannot do this. It was too reckless certainly in the last last minute of the round. He's becoming untidy. Dave Parish trying to tidy it up. Rick, he's still been caught the way in. There's no method in what he's doing at the moment, but I think he has unsettled Su a bit. And when Zu has landed, he's taken it all right. He's on top of him. He's trying to break his rhythm. This is what the plan was. Lay on his chest, deny him leverage for punches, wade away. Pressure, pressure, pressure all the way and set a furious pace. Make this 35year-old fight three minutes of every round. See how he likes that. Well, this is good stuff from Hat now because he's bullying Sue and he does not like this. He's pushing. He has his body weight back so there's nothing really use counter punches. Good tactics now from Hatton. A bit more control. Uppercut on the inside. That might be a key punch for Zu. Hatton will have to watch that one. They've worked on that in Zoo's training camp. But he's been there and seen all this and done it before. He fought in Phoenix where they threw bottles at him when he fought the legend Julio Cesa Chavez. Well, now in six rounds of fading Chavez, it should be said. Well, I mean, you have to make a thinking fighter work at a pace he doesn't like. He's not comfortable with. And that's what Ricky Hart's doing. There's still a kind of frantic look about what he's doing, but it's so intense. He's almost a force of nature in there, Hatton, at the moment. just so eager, so much hunger, so much desire to realize his dream. But he must be careful. He's blowing himself to at the moment. But his shot was a good one. He's really bustling and trying to rough up to on the inside. And the Russian born Aussie some [Applause] super punches. Listen to the crowd. Respond to that. It's a pulsating turbocharged atmosphere in here as Hatton makes the running early. [Applause] Du is a quality champion, a class act, but Hatton is not allowing them to show his class. He's jumping on and just bullying. Not yet anyway. And a right hand just seemed to move the legs of Zu there. He has been down three times in his career, including in his only defeat against Vince Phillips, who of course has fought both men and actually tips you to win this in six rounds. Said he was the hardest hitting fighter he had ever fought in the ring or gym. But this is terrific, I think, from Hatton early on. Wonderful intense pressure. He has to find a way to drop this pace and that's not going to happen unless he hurts. He has got to hurt Ricky Hat. If that doesn't happen, he could be in trouble here. It's an amazing start this from how he's won both the first two rounds. Beyond dispute, I think he's inside. He's hitting and holding his arms there, mate. What about this J? What about this atmosphere? Well, this is wonderful. A wonderful start. This man has not been allowed to show his class and he knows it. He knows he has massive problems now. Okay. And good solid jab, but Ricky come right through it again. He's not allowing Steu to set himself at this. Okay. At times he's reckless at times that, as I said, there's a frantic look about the punches. They're not quality shots. But he's making Zu work. And that was the three knockouts. One, two, sorry, three uppercuts. One, two, three. Right up through the middle. And look at the the worried look on Zu's face. He has never had to cope with anything like this. This is one thing watching the the films of Hatton, another thing facing the reality of him. And although Hatton's in charge early, there might be other phases in this fight. Here's round three of it. Zu might want to make a statement around now sometime. Zu has to start getting his body weight forward and try to back Ricky up. He must have been told that in the corner and that's what he's about to try and do. He cannot allow Hatton to keep pushing him back the way he's been doing. We've never seen Hatton put on the back foot and I think that's what Zu is now going to try to do. This is his answer. Let's see if he can do it. Right hand drilled through the middle. So far so good in terms of punch resistance when Zu has caught it. Well, Zu knows what's required. He's realized that he's had two rounds that he didn't like one single bit, but he knows what's required. He must stop this man in his tracks and try to push him back. So far, he's managed to do this. He mustn't be too gung-ho. He's fighting here at a rarified level. This is not the fading fighters that he's fought before or the fringe contenders. This is the real deal. But we've seen Ricky fighting at this pace several times. We've never seen Fu fight at this pace. He does not like this, especially at the age of 35. Jim, he's only had three rounds in the last two and a half years. the three rounds in which he destroyed Charma Mitchell it should be said still the haten pressure another right hand seems quite easy to hit he always has been he's a good boxer as well has come up with a more quality punches in this round forcing himself on again there's no method in what he's doing but he's getting a result he's still making the man work but he's been pinned several times clipping the chin Yeah, he seemed to just rock him a little bit with that one. Just moved him with that left hook. I thought that time he knew he had to move forward after taking the punch, not back off and he did the right thing. He's a natural fighter, Ricky. So when something happens, he goes on to automatic pilot and react. Good body shot, left hook from H. That's the trademark shot that's got him this far. Written off by most experts in America who don't give him a prayer with you. I think he's overhyped and protected and just a great exciting ticket seller. He aims to prove them all wrong here. He's been caught again as he comes forward now. Another solid. A couple of solid rights. These are quality punches from Zu and that is the difference between the two at the moment. Oh, wicked right hand though from Hatton that time. He is walking on to he's got a little bit sloppy in his attacks in this round. Charging in a little bit. Too square on possibly. [Applause] I just like to see him doing as he's doing, but the hands up a little bit tighter and the chin down. Coming on strong again pattern here after a less impressive opening to this the third round. Well, he's taken that. That was a decent left hook from Z and he's walked right through it. Sometimes just shift to the side but stay on him but sometimes shift to the side pushing and shoving you'll use the same amount of energy as him. You know what I mean? Just stay on him but sometimes he's to the side through you. What I'm saying through you then passing. Well I thought the quality punching as you took that round for him. But I still feel the tactics are working for Ricky Hat. He's still making him work. He's making him work every second of the round. And we've seen Ricky do this several times for 12 rounds. Zu does not like this. And that a nice little period towards the end of the round when he seemed to get the upper hand. But I thought through it through the piece, Zu was much more accurate. That's the uppercut which is won several times here. Well, one expert, one expert said that Cost wasn't born. He was quarried. He really is a P man from a grim town in Russia. Started fast, Jim. Can he carry it on? Well, we've seen him do it at the trouble. This is really physical. He must be feeling the pace because he's doing it in a competitive fight for the change and there's a massive difference. But I would still say he can last the pace like this longer than Zu. He does set a furious pace and fights at about 150 mph all the time. He makes you quite 3 minutes around. Drives him back with a jab again. Z is having trouble keeping him away at times. Zu is trying to box now. He's met him head on. Doesn't like it. Doesn't want to continue now. He's trying to get a bit of space. He's trying to time him as he comes forward. This is when Zu is at his most dangerous. He knows what's required, but he's not finding easy to execute. Despite going out to 80 countries in the world, including Australia, where Zu is now a national and a national hero. Sunday lunchtime there. And this going up live in America as well at peak time. It's big. And you still just poting with single shots. He's not the one putting punches together. He did have the accuracy in the previous round, but I would say the Hatton Corner feel things going according to plan. This is not what he wants. He's been caught at arms length here. He doesn't look at the end of the shoe punches. There's that left hook to the body again from Hatton. He does throw that punch wonderfully well and then he flips you with a nice short right as well. The more authoritative punches are coming from Hat. He's wasting a few as he does it, but his work rate is just phenomenal. Belu keeps trying to turn things around with that right hand. He's catching Hatton on the head and getting no change back. Hatton coming right through them. Still rocking them up. Do worry about Hatton walking onto one of these. Well, I think he's taken the shots that have knocked out other people, but he's taken them high. His chin's down. Oh, that time he he walked onto the left hook. He took that as well, but that might have taken something out of hand. He doesn't want to take too many of those. That was a sharp, horrible looking punch from Zu. And he's finding a few hooks as he lays with his back to the ropes as well. And he says one was a bit low. Thinks one of those left hooks was a bit low from Hatton that time. I think one of the problems for Ricky, he's not matching the quality of punch for you. Still that 100 mph stuff, but not the quality. Z beginning to find a little bit of space between them and that's what he's doing. He's clipped him again with the hook. Rick, he has to take chances, but not working out quite so well at the moment. But he's really whipping up a storm. just walking on to some of these shoes having to counter fight on the back foot. I think he kind of knew it was going to be like that. But what do the judges like here? Do they like Hatton's work rate or maybe the slightly better quality from Zu? I mean the rounds will be open to different interpretation possibly Jim. Nice punch. Yeah, you can see not a great difference in punches landed, but uh I have it two a piece Ricky the first two rounds, but I think the quality and accuracy from the champion in this in in the third and fourth round, but Ricky still things going according to plan cuz he's making them work. This is where Hatton gets caught, Jim. See, that's the that's the quality of the punches. That's what's missing from Ricky's work. Ricky's 100 miles per hour. So when the punches get through, they're not really landing so cleanly. And his mother can hardly watch this, Carol. It must be absolute torture for her. Oh dear. I mean, so tense in here, isn't it? It's an unbelievable effort so far from Yeah. Right at the start of the one. Oh dear. Now that's not that was careless. off the stool and straight into Shu's right hand. There's another one. He's measuring them. Oh, he can't miss him with the right hand. Ian, I think the first one stunned him a bit. [Applause] Signs of danger for Ricky Han. He's just going to have to be a little cuter. Maybe a little bit more side to side movement. He mustn't stay out there in the radar. This is not good from Hatton at the start of this round. These are worrying moments for him here now. Well, when consecutive punches land clearly on target. Thankfully, he took them on the forehead. His chin was down, but first signs of danger. He's thrown everything at you with this outstanding champion. He's still there and cool and starting to find some authoritative shots of his own. Still that untidy look about Ricky's work. I realize he has to keep them top. Can't give this fellow a second to think that we need a bit more quality in the punching. As he's moved up in class, he hasn't stopped so many opponents, which suggests he's not a a worldass mega hitter. And it's just pressure, pressure, pressure that's worn his opponents down. He would hope to do that with Zu, but can he? Look, Ricky trying some jabs there, which I don't think is part of the script because that's you at arms length with one of the best counter punchers in the business. Yet still walking on time. There's just a recklessness about him, a lack of method at the moment. Right hand again for over the top. Beautifully picked punch from Zu who works and works and works at this kind of thing. It's not a freak. He thinks about every punch. He's worked out the strategy. He's finding Tamian. That's what he's doing. He's finding time and what a difference in the action now that he's managing to do that. All we're talking about is split seconds. He's beginning to find them now. Still that good punch, but still that frantic look about Ricky's one. This has just been a bit of a desperation look about him in this round. He might just be going through a bad period. I don't know, but he's just plowing forward in straight lines and might pay a penalty for that. He's still right in this fight. The strength in his work might be dropping slightly. And maybe you can feel that and he's beginning to go to work now. I mean, this is a crazy pace for Ricky. I mean, even by his own standards because this is a competitive fight and it's much tougher to maintain this. He's been picked off with some beautiful punches. Finishing the round well. But for me, that was a good round for the accurate champion. Maybe significantly is just in the last minute of the round. His work rate dropped off having had a a good period. Maybe he is feeling this pace at 35. Interesting. So, you'll notice with his ponytail to show him how to he has his shade of scar. Don't do that with his You know what I mean? The problem is the only problem you've got is no need to panic. If you're not quite getting enough room for your own punch because you got to stay close, you know what I mean? You're just pushing him straight on just sometimes. There's a recklessness about Rick that worries me. He's walked straight on, looked away from the punch as it was being thrown, tried to dip down, which probably saved the full impact. He's walked straight on. You can see looking behind. I mean, that was perfectly timed. And I mean, he should know Zu has started every round with a speckled right hand and Ricky's walked right onto that one. The jab was working. The accurate punches for me in that round came from J. First won this typo in his 40th fight against Jake Rodriguez 10 years ago. There's that right hand again. He's done it every round. What is Ricky thinking of now? He starts to lift it again. Look at the desire and he drives Shu back against the ropes and off balance of the crowd for a moment. thought that you might be going down from that. I think he was caught mainly off balance but suddenly Patton after this 14week preparation he's never been in better shape found something extra again and you complaining of punches around the back of the head it's always nice to see a confident champion complaining of something under that right hand again. Well any doubts we had as Ricky Hatton genuine class forget them now. He's staying there with Costazu. A lot of people thought the first four rounds of the fight, if Hatton could get to this point in the fight, he might be in serious business. He's still there. He's still competitive. He's not cut. He hasn't been shaken up. He's had to take some good punches, but he's landed plenty of his own as well. Now, Reed left again. Anytime Zu gets him on his back foot, it's big trouble cuz he's got room and he's got time to get these bombs off. The hand throwing more, isn't he? But less quality. Less quality. That's what worries me. Not so accurate. I mean, these are accurate hooks, jolting little right hands. But you cannot ask any more from Ricky Hatton. But will Zu begin to will he went his hands and got caught by a right hand shoe? There he does drop his hands sometimes. I don't know. Action from that punch, Ian. He just might might be starting to like make the first impressions. He's coming through his use bombs. So, how does you like that? What else does he have? [Applause] That will lift Ricky Hatton enormously. You can see or feel on the inside that Zu is just beginning to wilt even in some small wow. Lovely shot from Zu. Beautifully picked right hand and then a left hook as well. And Hannah again was too square on and two open. What a fight. Tremendous accuracy from keeping it on the outside. That's where Hat doesn't want to be. As soon as you give him time, Ian, this is what you get. This is a tough round to score. Ricky's put an awful lot into this. Some success. But again, the accurate stuff come from Zu. This is a difficult difficult round to score. See there it will go again making that little bit reckless. If he keeps on taking punches like that on the way and it's going to take the toll later on in the fight. You would feel I'd like to see him blocking more, slipping more, bit more side to side movement. He's just diving in hoping his speed will get him onto Zu's chest but on the way through he's getting picked off. Better quality punches from Costa too I thought in that round if we're honest. Yep. I mean Ricky could not put more into it. But I tell you this is not a happy face we're looking at in this corner. He is not enjoying [Applause] this. I mean this Ricky made a statement at the start of the round here and maybe he should have finished the round with a statement. He used up some steam there, but got some good punches off and we thought for a second well actually twice in that round we thought we had a reaction from some of Ricky's punches. So does he have the power to troubles you? We did not think so beforehand. Maybe maybe he does. Not not the raw power maybe, but the pressure pressure and the cumulative effect of it. Jim, here's your card, Jim. Yeah, let's just on the accuracy we can see the excellent start. Couple of those rounds Ricky could have got on sheer aggression, but I've always been impressed with the counter punching. I could have saved the champion. I've got it level. I've given it three rounds each. You've got it four rounds to do, but I think a lot of these rounds are definitely arguable. No doubt about it. Here's the seventh. We're into the second half of the fight. Lot of people, especially in America, didn't think Hatton had get this far. Good left hook, wasn't it? And it sent the sweat spraying from Costasu's chin. Is he going to feel this? I wonder. He might say, "Okay, I destroyed Shambai Mitchell in three rounds in my only fight in the last two and a half years." But it's not an ideal preparation. There's that left hook again. He's just so accurate. Is there a little little bit of strength missing from Ricky's attacks here? Good body punch. There's more like it, Mr. Hatton. He's still strong, Hatton. And that's significant, I think. And he's younger. 9 years younger. the second half of the fight he may feel might be his territory in these set of circumstances. A lovely right cross made the angle for that very cleverly. Sometimes his skills are underrated but tonight he has really been if we're honest with you the straight line drawer hasn't he? Yeah but he knows he cannot give this man time to think time to settle a split second to get the punches off. again. Rick is coming forward, but there's no method. The method is missing. This is better. How's this going to pan out now? I wonder who's going to want this. Great punches from Hatton. Listen to the crowd in here. 22,000 of them in the dead of night in Manchester. Hatton's caught again by a clever two shot. Even Steven, you couldn't call a winner from here, could you? That was three left hands without reply. Walked on to the three of them. I mean, it would be so easy to score some of these rounds to Ricky, but I just feel the quality. And again, we're seeing it here. That little bit extra quality. You could not ask for any more effort from Hatton, but just not enough method in some of his work. That was better. They're both tiring a bit, I think. And no wonder because the pace has been frighteningly intense. J still very very accurate. He doesn't waste very many punches. This fell. You just feel something's got to give sometime soon, don't you? Patton's all right. The protective equipment's very good these days and it needs to be after that. I tell you what, Ian, that was a full blooded shot. No question. And you can do without that because that can sap energy as well. I think one more of them and we'll see a point. The other little question to throw in here is some people wondering whether Zu might be a bit tight at the weight for this fight. There were talk of him training in training since maybe having to go for an extra run to make the way for the second weigh in. I mean, that just could be just something to throw into the equation. Yeah, I don't think so. He's been intense too long. Okay, a couple of year lie off. You could put on some weight, you can do without. But no, he's strong. He could not fight at this pace. Was that a stumble from Ricky or was that a punch? Again, I think the the quality of the champion you got, you got to slip his jab and use in snap his head back a little bit. Then he can get in. I want you want to get him back top of the ropes where he's not as dangerous. But then you've got to do your work. Do what you do best and do the mangle stepping round, but don't come too far out. Don't give any punch back. But now you got to get start giving him something. You'll get him to the head. You're not You know when he's throwing shots, you're not slipping and counting. See, we're still seeing Oh, that that was well low. And that that was a fullblooded shot to Rick. He did well. Not not to be making more of that. I mean, Hatton's driving himself forward. He's having good little spells. That was the punch again that got a reaction from Z. But if you look at the punches, they're partially blocked from catching shoulders and elbows, but he's being caught cleanly on the chin as he comes forward. Two 16 world championship fights, he stopped or knocked out 12 of his opponents. Here comes round number eight. Not to evoke the memories of Barry McGwigan's famous win over Usavia Prosa 10 years ago [Applause] to go down alongside the big big boxing knights in this country. Lovely. Good job turned into a hook by Pat at the last moment as well. Cleverly bring it up. Bring it up feeling piss. Who's got the most strength? drawing energy from the crowd, leaping left hook swing in the game. He's prepared to walk through walls in pursuit of this dream tonight. And it must feel like he's run into a wall a couple of times as well. I mean, the commitment that he's shown tonight is unbelievable against, as we say, one of the most dangerous punchers in the business. He's never left him for a second. his men and work, but I'm sure Ricky would have hoped that by now it would be evident that the Zu was beginning to tire. Good stuff here from Hatton. This is a better round so far for Hatton. Hold on now. Let him go. [Applause] Yes, again. He's better movement from him. He walked under one right hand, but more of the authoritative punches at the moment coming from Hat who still looks strong. Another right hand from Shield. We must be wondering when these sledgehammer shots of his are going to take some effect. He must be wondering what he's got to do to stop Hat and keep charging in like this. I think it's amazing that Ricky's eyes have held up so far. Maybe I shouldn't even mention that I'm attempting fate because he's took some thunderous punches. They've taken them high on the forehead. By the way, our American colleagues on Showtime had the fight level at halfway. That was about as I had it. Jim had it by four rounds to two. Too close to call at the moment. It's a thriller. Well, Ricky hasn't changed anything. He hasn't altered. He's obviously happy. That is just a a stumble. No knockdown. Only a sign that they are too tired. But as you can feel the mutual respect between these two. I think you're right where you said whatever happens now Ricky Hat's proved tonight he belongs with the elite. Yeah is leaving with the mouth open now. Ian the mouth is open. Is he tired? Is trouble don't see any trouble with the jaw but that's a real sign of tiredness. The mouth gaping like a goldfish at times. I think his legs are a bit slower as well. Well, Ricky has turned things around a little bit in this round. He's looking in the driving seat again. Yeah, maybe happen to that one. Cost him and jump on him. M bucket spit on the floor. Floor is fine. More water in the mouth. Johnny, there's not much going on in there, is there? Expect them to push Ricky back. Meet him in the center of the ring. Meet him hang on. Never back off, mate. Don't be on the ropes course. It's important to jab him hard. Jab him hard. Bring him on. He's going to rush out, mate. I think this is a crucial round in the fight. Lovely uppercut from Hatton. Try to follow the hook. But this is this happened a couple of times, but not so often in that round as the previous ones. But that was I think this is an important stage in the fight and Ricky has just had a good round. So is this going to be significant? Rounded few more by Hatton. Round nine getting into the home stretch phase of this fight. Now two tired fighters they must be after this frenetic pace we've had all night long here. We thought this would be a dramatic night. It's proved to be that. [Applause] But will one of them wilt? Will one of them feel it late on? Well, Ricky looks to me to have found a second wind that they're trading right hands and Ricky doesn't complain about it. [Applause] Fact is that Hatton has put in a big performance as he promised his fans he would do. As you said, the fact that he hasn't fought at this level before doesn't mean that he can't. Body language signs that Zu is trying to hide here. He's not happy with this pace. Mouth gaping open a little bit too. And just blood around getting marked up around the face. I think he's finding this hard. Very hard. Now he is finding this almost impossible. He does not like this. I think the previous round was significant. And I think this there's usually one round that turns it one way or the other. And I have the feeling it may have turned it in Ricky Hatton's favor. Smashing right hand from him too. And less of the counters now from Zu is just beginning, you feel, to be a little bit sickened by all of this. He's running into a hurricane called Hatton. Look, can't get any punches off. He is really beginning to look exhausted and running out of ideas. Perpetual motion, whirling dervish type stuff from Ricky Hat. Work, work, then more work. Left hook, right uppercut on the inside. Then he bustles through against the ropes. It's his kind of fight at the moment. This is a big period in the fight for Hatton. Listen to the crowd as well now trying to lift him towards the finish line. Well, Ricky has taken his punches when he was at his strongest. So you wouldn't expect him to spring anything now. Okay, it can happen, but it would be a surprise. Ricky really looking good now. Just looking a little bit unsteady and the the mouth gaping open cost Yazu. He's definitely tiring. He's I think Hatton knows too and has been lifted by the fact that he can feel he's just getting to Zu a bit. And Rick's been involved fighting at this pace several times. Zu has never punch again. You can see a point to Duncan, I would imagine. Yeah, he's been told that is the last warning. Oh, that was a that was not a low one. He might be in trouble there. Very low one. He'll have five minutes to get over this if he needs to. Well, I think he'll take it in. I'll be surprised if he doesn't take it because he is struggling with the pace here. People are standing in the aisles now in expectation. That's not a lot, I assume. Does he make a lot of that? was entitled to and hadn't. Is he going to have a point deducted for this? I mean, in reality, what do you think, Jim? No, I mean, he's taken two lows himself, you can't expect up to a point. It was accidental as a body puncher, but you as a thought with his experience, he's taken every second here he can get cuz he needed this rest. He was struggling. He significantly is taking a good long rest as well. Seems all right now. Yep. Okay, he says. There's been a great atmosphere between the two fighters all week. No phony valley who no trash talking. They've cleaned it up since day referee by the way who gets married in a couple of months time as well. So quite a year for him up again from hat. There's a tired look about punching as well now. His head's not moving. This fight has turned all the way [Applause] around. Is some kind of wild marauder in there tonight. again. He might have won the last three rounds. Yet, he certainly won the last two. A strong basket, but I did deep and throw shots. You know what I mean? Well, no question that was well served at the border and I knew you would take full advantage of the little break there because he was struggling at that point. Yep. Hatton again, the first time maybe since the first and second round, Hatton beginning to bully Zu again, getting the punches off. His work is looking effective now. He's pushing Zu back so that there's no there's no weight in the punches coming back his way. The tactics are spot on. They've been spot on all the way through. They were dangerous, but he's beginning to get results. field. There's an amazing sense of excitement and expectation around here now because the crowd sense that happened is ahead, but there could still be more drama to come. Su is picked off again on the ropes. This man has only been beaten once back in 1997 by Vince Phillips who later became a Hatton victim. He was pretty old by then, mind you. There's another lift goes in from Haters having things pretty much his own way. And what happened to the Zoo counters? Much less of them now, Jim. Yeah, I think the strength has gone from Zu's punches. His movements have slowed. He's being caught cleanly to the head, which wasn't happening. He's struggling badly. Ricky Hart is going to win this here. That's a big shot, Jim. I hope you're right. He's wilted a little bit by that right hand. He's taken the best as you can hand out when you were strong. Now you struggling. Patton might even sense that he could stop this famous champion. He's all over him at the moment and the crowd in here are going absolutely potty. Forget sleep tonight. [Applause] He's just so fired up. He's just totally disregarding the punches that come his way all night long. He has been caught his best, but he's just taken them and come through them. It's an unarchable fire and desire. And there's a way to have that from Zu. Just a little reminder to happen not to be too careless with it. This man is not a champion for nothing. Never ever write him off. But I think what you said, Jim, is right. There will be less in his punches now. You think so anyway. Maybe the strength has gone a bit from him. But he does have an enormous capacity to dig very deep. He's trying to do that now as Hampton moves across the ring like some kind of wild jungle cat at him. [Applause] Yeah. Suddenly for the first time he's looking all of his 35 years Ricky Hatton has made him work every second of every round and he's been caught with full bloody punches and his head's gone back. He's looking a little bit unsteady, I think, Stu, as he was driven back there. His legs seem to stiffen again, and I think he's having to really go to the well now to stay in this fight. Still good shots from behind you there. Yeah, but not too many in these days. Lovely uppercut from Hatton. Then a body shot, then another uppercut. Oh, and he's got him again on those ropes. SH is trapped there. There's nowhere to hide. He's in a very dark place in there at the moment. This is a wonderful round for Ricky Hatton. Oh, he's again he's taken everything. He's walking through them. He's walking right through them. It's unbelievable that really. That is a big round for Hatton and he's beginning to pull away certainly on our marks anyway. He might be six minutes away, but something very, very special. Took his wrest. You got to keep working. You know what I mean? Yeah. Follow the gas for through tomorrow. It's there now. It's there now for the taking. Just be careful that big you took everything he's got. And you got to work your balls off now. This is it. Get some more on his head. Clothes on his head. I don't think you can find anything. I think his tank's empty. His pride and his courage, all he has left. Ricky is even more fired up now. He's coming through everything that's coming his way. Just totally disregarding what Zu has. By the way, we do apologize for some of the industrial emotive language in the corners. But, uh, I think you kind of understand you're on the inside of a mega fight. 11th round. You try something right at the start of the round with the right hand. He's actually tried that every round with the right hand. Ricky is expecting it now. Hasn't get careless. Has to stay cool. Lost his balance there. Z one or two of the fighters earlier on in the undercard did that as well. He's a bit of a slippy camera. Look at the tiredness in the legs. Ian. Yeah. Stumbling and staggering all over the place. I think his instinct and his quality as a champion is just keeping him in there at the moment. Oh, that's a good shot from D there. He might look to come on strong. He is coming on a bit strong. Manhattan has an answer again. I would not have believed Zu could find the strength and energy to deliver these good shots again, but Ricky still coming through with them. You do wonder how the judges have got this. So, I've got Hatton in a useful lead, but that's just my god. Well, I had few well ahead in the early stages. Hatton has trimmed it back. I have them level at the moment, but the fight has turned strongly in Hatton's favor. Good job from Hatton. Reestablish himself with that one. Drives you back across the ring. Oscar De La Hoya called Costazu an animal, a beast, a man who's only in there to knock you out. But he's been on the receiving end of a lot from Hat in this fight. Haters got better in the second half of the contest. Yeah. Well, that was obviously the plan. Sat on his chest to stay there all the way through the fight. They can work every second the other way around. And now it's paying dividends. [Applause] Z found something a little bit extra when he seemed as if he was starting to really fade. He can't sustain anything. Hat is still sustaining what he's doing. Lovely uppercut. He really has outthrawled and outworked at times in there. heads came dangerously close to banging together, but it's probably too late for any cut to be a factor here now. Zu is in survival mode at the moment, just waiting for the bell to finish this round. Can't really muster anything. Everything they worked on in that Phoenix gym, or a lot of it anyway, has paid off. He's had to come through some bad moments, but they knew that, too. [Applause] One round left. One round left. Hatton's landed more punches. Jim, how are you scoring this fight now with three rounds to go? I have Hatton back in front again. I had him in front after the first two rounds. And for me, the quality of the champions punches got him in front. one point, but I wouldn't be surprised if the judges have been impressed with Hatton's aggression and they have it further. There's my score card there. It's 105 104. All he needs is one more good round and he's done the unbelievable. That was just the slipping of the canvas, but quite rightly Ricky took full advantage of that. I think they've retired them. There's something going on in the corner. Let's have a look. Let's have a look here. Dave Harris is talking. The shoot's going over. The dream is made real. Ricky Ham rocks the world with a truly stunning win over a modern legend. He is the champion of the world. The hitman really has arrived in the big time. What a performance. What a night here in Manchester. They are in tears in that corner. retired on his stool. Being all the predictions of all the experts before the fight, who would have said Ricky Han would force Costu to quit on his stool. Unbelievable. There's a family. Look at the family. You can only imagine how they feel. Look at Ricky. Fantastic performance from first bell until it was over. Absolute mad around this arena. [Applause] The family celebrate. What a moment for Ricky Hatton. Derided by a lot of critics in America. He's stuffed the words right down their throat tonight. No one in America gave Ricky the slightest chance. They were looking upon him as a two round job. They were saying Ricky Hatton's style was made for Costa D. I have to be honest. I thought myself that his style would suit Z, but his passion, his commitment, and just what he was prepared to give of himself. Z could never match that. Unbelievable destiny calling for Ricky Hatter. He's worked so long for this. Oh, what joy. What joy they said he was a protected fighter some people. Now this is the moment when Hatton realized his lifetime dream with three minutes to go in the fight. Hatton I can tell you was ahead on all three cards anyway at the time. They pulled Zu out. Over. Zu had absolutely nothing left. When we say championship got in their shield, but you can't blame the man. His reputation is sound forever. Wonderful champion. Sad to see him out, but we are delighted for Ricky Hatton. I wonder whether that might be curtains for Costu after a wonderful career and he's been a fantastic service. But this is Hatton's night and I tell you what, multi-million dollar paydays will open up for him after this in America. Everyone will want to fight him. He's such fantastic value in the ring. He's such a dramatic, exciting fighter. They'll be queuing up. The Americans love his style and he has just become public enemy number one because everyone will want to share the ring with Ricky to make the big bucks. And thankfully, he's in a wonderful division. Look at a man beaten. He just walked into Hurricane Hatton tonight. That's what happened. The sheer fire, desire, intensity of Hatton, he would not be denied and he fully deserved it. I had him in a pretty handy lead of about three points going into that last round. I know Jim had it a little bit closer than that, but Hatton a deserving winner, a wonderful winner. And this is a night for British boxing to go with the great ones like Barry McWiggins, win over Yavia Pedro or even Randolph Turpin's legendary win. I think it will eclipse some of those and I think this this performance will eclipse some of those. And don't forget as well Lloyd Hanigan beating Don Curry. It's alongside those. This is this is the second he realizes he was champion of the world. He had beaten the best of the best. You've done it. Look at Billy Graham. Great credit to him as well. What a job he's done with Ricky Hatton. This is a night that they will never forget in Manchester or indeed the rest of Britain. Now, this is a fantastic performance. I mean, keeping in mind very few people give him a chance as we were saying, the Americans thought it was a two round job. Boy, will they be eating humble pie, but the phone lines will be hot within the next few days. The very dignified Jew bows to the crowd. Patton takes the salutes, but the baton has been well and truly passed on tonight. Yep. And Ricky, I think, can name his prize and name his opponent. He is one of the hottest fighters on the planet at the moment. Jim, nice guys do finish first sometimes. Yes, there you go. And it's nice when it happens. He said he would do it. Okay. Very few people believed him, but a wonderful performance from start to finish. He took everything that a superb champion had to offer. Walked through it and come back with something that little bit better. Sometimes it was un untidy. I use the word frantic a couple of times, but he was always doing what he wanted to do. Make the 35year-old champ work for every second of the fight. Wonderful performance. I don't think he can quite take it all in. There's only one Ricky Hat. I tell you what, Costu is glad about that. Well, I think a couple of times Costu was thinking we surrounded maybe two or three Ricky Hattons. He was sensational tonight. Yeah, he made a few technical mistakes early on. He was diving in a bit too much, but basically they got it right, didn't they? Yep. The plan was to make this fell work every second because the 35y old legs and that's what he did. Nothing that Zu did discouraged Ricky. He took his best and and believe me Ian, he got caught with the best punches that Zu could offer and he took them and walked through them. Never deterred for a second. Might be the end for Costu. They'll discuss that soon. Floyd Mayweather fights Archurro Gati in a mega fight in this division in the United States. And uh it doesn't take the greatest imagination for somebody to come up with the idea of the two winners meeting each other. though they are with rival TV companies which might be a bit of a factor on the American front. Hatton has done it. Say it and believe it. He's the champion of the world against all the odds. He's confounded them all. It's Ricky Hatton's great great night here in Manchester. Ladies and gentlemen, this bout has been stopped at the end of round number 11. A referee in charge, Dave Paris, stops the contest upon suggestion of the corner. He is the winner by way of technical knockout, still undefeated. And now the new IBF light welterweight champion of the world, Ricky the Hitman Hampton. Well, the first hitman is moving towards getting as famous as the second, the original one, Tommy Herds. And the celebrations [Music] [Applause] [Music] begin. And they're playing his tune again. He looks like he's fresh enough to do it again. H. Yeah, but I don't think we'll bother asking him. I mean, it wonderful condition. We've seen him box at that pace before, but never in such a competitive fight. I going to speak to the audience here. Manchester, [Applause] I always said I'd be number one. And you know what? You, me, loyal fans, deserve it as much as me. We did it together tonight. And I tell you what, there's only one word I can use for your support tonight, and that was legendary. God bless you all. Mean it. A memorable night here, I think you'll agree in Manchester. If I can be half the champion Cost was, I'd have been doing well. So, give Costio a great champion a round of applause for me. Well said. Well said indeed. And Zu appreciates that. He has been a fantastic fighter just as you. Can you be quiet for the wall? At least for end of the fight. Thank you. You know